Can you hear me? Yeah, I hear like that. Wow! Fire technology is amazing. Well, I don't know we'd never had any problem for a year and a plus, then all of a sudden, less couple of months, it's like Robert Reepers in her potchking with crap or something. Yeah, I don't even see him right now. Good. No wonder you sound like you're in a good mood. Yeah, maybe that's why you can hear me. Yeah, that's probably it. But I am in a good mood. Call the Romans today. Oh, that'll do it. That would do it for me. I'd be up there on the sixth floor outside. Yeah, a little hot. It's very warm here now. Huh. What the fuck is that? Yeah. I wish I could say the same. Pretty much yours, Summer. Why? What's it doing up there? It's not too toasty. I'll tell you that. Let's see. We had four beautiful days last week. It was like 70-ish every day. Yeah. And how the height of the day is going to be 48. 58 tomorrow though. You know how it is up north and the spring one day can be like 60 in the next day, like 35. Yeah. Yeah. I'm 25. Keep it on your toes. Yeah, that's tomorrow. Today only 48. A little more dripping. A little bit of dripping. I will go to Thursday. I'm doing a show Thursday from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Wow. You're been there? And I sure have not. And I have go to Zard to either. I mean, we know that bitch that was the one stripper who was testifying your just saw the thing again, you know, because you went to Duke. Yeah. And so you got some kind of criminal charges pending against her? Yes. And did you see the email where she says, how can I spin this to my best advantage? Oh, I didn't have to. I couldn't think of the quote. Yeah. How can I spin this to my best advantage? In other words, if she'll testify for the prosecution and make up a bunch of stories, she's been a, you know, gross guy free. Whatever they're going to drop whatever they had gone with her. One of the two guys, like I think improved that he wasn't there. Yeah. Because he went to an ATM machine. I mean, after I care, who the hell really cares about the Duke of across? I know. You know, you went to school there and have a kiddo care about the Duke of across team, you know? I don't know. I don't know if you're mentioned in states out of the cross team, but if they do, I couldn't give a crap less. Well, I know, do played for the national championship in Europe. I'm reading this story about, you know, they have reunions where they bring people from five year intervals and over the last 50 years. And those were left. And so they were there last week. And it was an issue because the President of University had to address them. And one of the alumni said, well, why doesn't anybody bring up the fact that they were in the national championship game of Europe? Because nobody cares about it. Yeah. But they care about rape, but they don't care about the cross. But Duke, across two shirts are selling law to the shells. Have you ever watched like about a minute of a cross game? About that. It's about stupid thing I've ever seen in my life. They had that little net with a scrum blind net. They have a scrum. First, like they're after our sales department, they're running around with butterfly nets. And then they take the ball there. And they just heap it into poor goaliest thing. And they're like, he bit it this little net. It's stupid. Well, you ought to be. T-shirt. You want one? They're just selling Duke. La Crosse T-shirts in the bookstore there. You can mail in for it or get it on the internet. And they're selling like hotcakes. Yeah. Or like grits. Well, that's pretty sad. You know, I'm pretty sad commentary. Anyway, very jackass. You're close personal friend there. What is the only sandwich is over with the Harold and his baloney. He says, you know, Clara Bell was in the this morning before the show, which he should never been in there. Really aggravating the hell out of me. Blue sky. You know, blue sky. I would have that song. Yes. Nothing but blue sky. That's a terrible theme song. Everything is great. Yeah. And don't want to want to stem my contract. I'm 100. And you know, what's not to like it? Yeah. We did the whole show yesterday. And the phones didn't work. Did you know that? No. We couldn't take any calls yesterday because of Bell South scoops. We did all up. So that was of course. I'm supposed to be less psychotic because it wasn't a QAM screw up. We're not going to be really sick. So what's that? Yeah. You know, we were going to have to make it up. We're going to make it up. That's a real problem. That sounds great. That sounds real promising to me. I got a message from Bell South. You people suck. You really suck. You think it's a coincidence that their name is Bell? No. Oh, geez. Then take a look at your leaving. is on his way to a Tulsa today's matter of fact gonna make it really a flight. What are you gonna be doing in Tulsa? I'm doing a Kentucky Derby preview show from a studio there which is doing it on Friday. Tulsa is not exactly close to Louisville Kentucky. That's where the people who own the company that has the right has their studio. I see. So, there will be no Louisville's no great chase either but I've never been there either. I shouldn't say that. I get a Louisville's. I'm staying at Caesar's Indiana for the Derby. Oh, well, like I said. Yeah, that's not a bad place. There's a Caesar's in Indiana. Yeah, right across the river from Louisville. Well, I can't believe that those Hoosiers that allowed gambling in their state both for the longest time they will now they got Hoosier Downs and Hoosier Daddy. Yeah. But it's 15 minutes from a track. Really? That's all. Sounds like it's been placed to lose a lot of money. That's definitely is. Very jackass rights Evan Colony, Hoosier on 760 ESPN video. I am trying to read the Jim Sarnicala but the Sunset a website is so screwed up. I can't get on his page. There website is a mess. Figures. So, very says Evan Colon had an on-air audition on WQM Sunday. Could immerse his candidate for position there. Clara Bell says it wasn't an on-air audition. It was just for trying to upgrade our weekend programming to which I said. I said you shouldn't downgrade any. This new race here we got Mani. Are really doing it. They are just on top of it. Got the big draft party come up Saturday. Yes. That will be at Hooters and Pembroke finds. Right. 10 o'clock. Be there. Now dog, Joseph Gacky, you're good buddy Joe. And the big O. Yeah. And Kim, Bo Camprio, Bo Camprio is out of two today. A little relief from mono these days. Oh, gosh. That's a Robert thing. I didn't know that Robert and Jellie were that tight. There's something going on there. It must be a Jewish thing. I don't know. I didn't know that either. What is that all about? No, I'm told. By the way, we just walked in so you can expect a lot of here. Yeah, it's been nice talking to you. Yeah. Yeah, he'll reach over and yank the pot. He'll yank something. Yeah. God. I told you your general manager. I said, I don't fancy if standing my contract while I'm working for three overgrown children there. You know, which should be for his one of them. And then you're other buddy there. See there today the beast? Yeah, he's here. Oh, well there's two of them. There's two of the tricca. The beast is a tricca by himself. Yeah. And of course, Clarence, he's probably busy broadcast to you. You and Tiddly wings or something like that. You should come down for the beast wedding in July. No. Thank you. You've had a period of period after you said you should come down. No, no. I mean, I will. I, you know, I have to be there. I'm coming down. That's it. Huh? You always come down to the tax time. No, I had no. I had nothing to do with that. I can handle everything right from here. I'm not that in. Oh, now I just, uh, I say two, three times a year, a couple of days here, a couple days there. Just just to keep everything kosher legally stamped your passport and then I got another 180 days, you know. I don't, uh, I don't fancy being there very long. Yeah. Every time I come there, if you're like, uh, it's been for six months. And now that we got the killer bees, you know. Oh, yeah. To see that story about the killer bees? I did. Bum how are in bedders in the boat camp? They're back at AJ doy. Whatever happened to him and the black was, huh? And the black was. But yeah, Lyle and, uh, who's he'll? Um, he can't come on. Go ahead and rexpert. Go ahead and let it set it. Go ahead and Lyle. Glenn, it'll have very good. You know, uh, you know what, AJ is doing now? I'm afraid to answer. He works for Harris. Run really? Yeah, he's a casino host. Good thing he's out of the NFL boy. They're sure frown on that. You know, who he used to, he looked an awful lot like Joe Clucco to play for the Jesse. Yeah, a little bit identical twins in there. He's a real good guy too. You would like him, huh? You would like him who, uh, AJ. AJ doy? Yes. Doy. Remember that game in the mud against the Jets and all those interceptions? Oh, brother. What a day for doy Dick inverse said. I thought, well, it's right 1948. Now they say what a day for duty. Well, I'll say that. Oh, I think you just joist yourself. Uh-oh. What a day for duty. What does that mean? That's close to doy. Oh, uh, I like. And I was doing just a gratuitous. Uh-oh. I'm at a good, uh-oh, in a while. I could leave for, you could be on a way to tell somebody new night. That's crazy. Exile to tell you. Take some time. Yeah. What the hell? I've been saying a lot of good delies and Tulsa. Haven't found one. I've been there before. Yeah, I go there every year. God. But they do have an O.T.B. Yeah. Well, that's all accounts. And it's not far from, uh, from a riverboat. Mm-hmm. No, I don't, I don't, I don't, I can't imagine doing that. Riverboat gambling. Oh, God, I'm giving the C6 just thinking about it. Yeah, I couldn't be in one. Have you ever been on one of those, uh, gambling ships? Yes. They're kind of cramped. They, they know you didn't put into cramp without the end. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, they have that. And then you get seasick on there. I don't know what all this fascination is with cruises. I, for years, I've been preaching, you know. Although I don't want to get Mickey all upset. You know, it's not bad enough. We got Joyce pissed off. But don't get Mickey all bent out of shape. You know, you don't want to do that. The fact that this cruise ship suck and people get raped all the time and like get murdered and don't show up again. And Pup, they're going to get E. E. E. Ebola and E. coli and all these things. But people have this, they have this magnificent, uh, concept in their mind that crude they're going on these cruise ships with some wonderful glorious way to spend a holiday. Hey, what I would like to do. I mean, what do you do if you don't like the people on their way to just jump overboard, is that it? Or maybe just, yeah, I want to take a train trip through the Northwest. I think maybe that's what happens to some of these people on these cruise ships. They can't jump overboard. So if they don't like the the company on there, all I can do is kill some people. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. They have their frustration. Do you like to travel by train? I love the Europe. I love the trains. They have it supposedly one that leaves Denver and goes south, cuts across and then goes up the Pacific coast in the Canada. They say it's a rendest trip. Yeah. I'm going to do it. But I know how you like it. I will. Now I like the trains in Europe, man. They're like, uh, I do to fast is held the ice. I don't know what that stands for. The ICE. That's the real fent. No, that's not the super fast train, but it's the next fast to do it. Like I was doing, I was in Frankfurt. I took the train a couple of times to Cologne. Yeah. It's like about an hour, hour and a quarter. I took a train once from Amsterdam to Copenhagen. Ooh, that must have been a long trip. It was. Wow. Go through Germany and up and around. It's a great trip when you go into water must be really tough. It's a great trip. Amsterdam to Cologne isn't bad. That's two and a half hours. See, the key to the give those train trips in Europe. Yeah. Because everything's pretty much close together. Is you get a copy of USA today or if you have a good book that you're reading, you take that on there and before you know it, uh, hey, uh, you hear, we're here. Yeah. Wherever you're going. Well, that's pretty good. That trip by we started as an overnighter. And the overwhelming majority of the trains, they run, I mean, to the second. And I'm probably at really, they're on time to almost to a fall. Yes, they are including Italy too. We took the train from a Rome to Florence and back. Put in the, they were been in Florence. Yes. Oh, well, a little beautiful place that is. It'll be great. Too many Catholics there, but it's a beautiful place. They could only find a way to give it a five. Getskys. See, I would have Rome. Rome is so big. You don't have to go anywhere near the Vatican. I wouldn't go anywhere near there. Although I did one day, we're walking this years ago in Rome. So that the store, the garment store where they sell all the garments for the bishops in the priest in the, uh, you know, all those getskys. He's velvet garments of all green, you know, and red, all the robes. Oh, Jesus. The whole, like, the garment store for priests. I'm not going to discuss this any further. Good. And if you alter boys, I was just thinking that. I don't go there. Next day, it'll be the Swiss guard. It'll be in a thousand and an hour. Good. Well, yeah, well, you're the one I was saying, like, doing your duty. I don't know. Maybe you wanted to in the scouts again. I don't know what that hell I was all about. You just like living on the eggs, like aerosmith said, living on the edge. Don't we all. So we had Evan Cohen on Sunday for two hours. Do you have any idea did you hear him at all? No. Is he any good? I don't know. I've never, I've met him. Uh, but I've never heard of him. I saw Miguel, it's, it's picturesque that he's pudgy faced in ugly and Jewish. So it's right in. He says, say, like everybody else, right in the staff. What about the evidence? You guys Jim Sarni on your side and what would him love behind your man? You'll need a lot of help. Good. I can't read Sarni because they sent civil websites all. I'm sure I'm not the only one having problem with a website. Hey, the people with the Sun Sentinel, your website sucks. And that's not just because time jick is an idiot. I thought maybe jick had just cut your off. Yeah, probably that could be it. I thought that thought crossed my mind. You probably found out my whatever the thing is, you know, just put a block on it. Well, listen, have a great trip to Tulsa, whatever that is. That's Thursday. Oh, and I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. Bye. Biggo here to talk about the ultimate combination for any sports fan that is of course. A great TV to watch those sports and a great beer in your hand. And the only one is of course president A. Beard the Green bottle with a gold label president A is the true taste of real beer food with only the highest quality president imported beer is a pills. No beer created with a finest selection of melting barley and hops. That's why when I want a real beer, I ask for the true taste of real beer president A. Nothing compliments a great game cheering on your favorite team with friends and family and president A. Beard. So reach for that green bottle with a gold label and you my friend have found the true taste of real beer that's president A. All right, is what's going to get a break to your hope? It's a 23 years ago. John Lennon was shot down. April 24, a per view here in his team. It's from the other side. I imagine those little hands. It's just a horse. Don't miss this period of John Lennon rushs say on and watch as Hogan returns. In a cage like it's free to do one hole for come free you Lennon free. Thanks so much for the horse. It's coming really. On the end of the mountain. Who put a tune to stay on sled and versus open cage rash? I don't think of you April 24 is be there. There you go. I always thought you were all like a CKLW. Why do you like to play that whole thing out? It's just a little bit of a song about time. Huh? What's stopping? The break. Oh, very. Hey, we don't have time to posh gear around here today. They man play a lot of music. We got the big fixed of fry. Don't forget this Saturday to QM NFL Draft Party. We'll be telling you a lot about that all through the day over and over again. Let's do the break. Well, because then we'll get them to yesterday's pool and today's pool and whatever pool we can get a hold of. Let's be going to have a pool brain, P-brain. There he is. You're leader. Farming comes up. Agriculture exports are growing. Real after task income is up over 8% for Americans since 2001. And of course that'll be gone next time we feed your gas tank. And thank you, Mr. President for those little gas prices by the way. Well, he's right there, listen. 10.15 a QM happy Tuesday to the West better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long. I like the Hubbardists said it's already hotter than a which is a butt. How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner, the five star edition of the carrier infinity system. And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heat, where they've been taking care of the track County area families for three long excruciating generations. As a carrier factory authorized, the other Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction. And that guarantee is backed by carrier that people invented air conditioning in the first place and have not invented the carrier infinity system. This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjust itself for maximum efficiency and speak of that to maintain maximum efficiency on your prisoner conditioner. Be sure to join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. To see you, they inspect and tune up your system. You'll enjoy a party, same day service to be able to have a problem and 10% off and you need to repairs to all of this, all of these things for just 110 bucks a year. So whether you tune the two speed and infinity system with pure iron ore, just have in peace of mind audio around by being a member of the Comfort Club either way, make the Royce Choice, call Royce Air and Heat and tell that ancient Neil tweeted a call tool for eat, 1-800-3770-075. Don't get caught with your AC down during this long next several eight nine ten months. Royce Air and Heat 1-800-3770-075. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516AZ. I do not. I do not. Haven't not baby. What a lovely way of moving river real cold. You're fair. Haven't not baby. You even go your ages in the mind of all. I know you won't. Another fun in the other. The one thing you don't want is another husband. Which you have not baby. I know women in love and a love having honest with me. Haven't not baby. And a lot of them in the bad how I've been about through twin men. You're pretty tall. We come there brother. What almost feels like I'm checking up with my lover. Are you sure that we are? We haven't mothed baby. What a lovely way of moving river real cold nuts. Haven't mothed baby. I'm on. That's what I want to kill him. He's extremely annoying. I'll tell you that right now. He can't act. He's not funny. He didn't even look that good anymore. He's extraordinarily annoying. So, who's he? Co-cheap. Which in East you care about the least we asked in our previous day. 15. 10 votes. Let's see. 15. 10 used to be W. M. E. X. and Boston. Home of Arney Wu, Ginsburg, Melfi and Smelvin and Mel Miller. I bet you didn't know that. No, I didn't. W. Boy, don't sound good at all. Or the word. I'm peeping your guess out. Gonna be sure. Where's the I feel? The question is will I peek or pass out first? Oh, well, let's take it off as pool on that. Okay. I say peek. I'm going for pass out. That's a theme on this show. Pass over? Oh yeah. You're pretty good at first time. Just like old dirty bastards said, what'd be the first time? Right. Which of these do you care about? Well, you know what his problem was? A little bit of a drug problem I understand. That's just a rumor of course. But thank God George isn't always doing it. I said no. That those NHL play off. They couldn't care less. Boy, how about those flyers last night? Losing the buffalo. Eight to two right there in Philly. Or no, it was in Buffalo. Like I said. Never less. Nice going savers. Nice going Lindy rough. NHL play out at 443. How about that much? You all, uh, Carolina game. Holy cow. Nothing can be fine. And then a beat up Carolina in overtime. Missing tick in a rouba, 190. Natalie Holloway. See you told me once and it's like emblazoned in my mind. This is the problem is that America is we're like obsessed with craft. They keep us occupied with craft while. More of these vehicles to see. There you go. That's the real craft right there. The Marlins, 276. Eight old care. Hey, guess what David's the aunt and you're not getting no stadium. We don't care. They blew a nicely there. And three to the three off and lead. And they ensured Carolisians. Yeah, and I turned it off at three. Nothing in a wake of a nice six to three. It wouldn't even close eighth inning. Man, it is Azster as the cubs kick the crap out of your Marlins. Five and 13 is it now? Uh, well, if. Yeah, well, after night will be five and 13. I'm sorry. Five and 12. That's not, not too good. Five wins 12 defeats. That they might get 55 wins on the season. That means 107 loss. They might. And then again, they might not. Duke rape case, 164. See, there is no, but he should be interested in that. Unless, you know, all of the, uh, part, the principles of participants or the alleged participants or the, uh, whatever. The want to want to be participants. Well, why should anybody care about that? You know, it's just, uh, another rape case is aids it in rape cases all over the North America. And they're like, all whipped up about that one. Because the media said, oh, you should care about this. It's moving in portante, baby. It's a bunch of lacrosse players and a stripper. Oh, the NFL draft 140. Don't forget, now let's see. This Saturday, it's QM's NFL draft party with a mad dog at Hoorason Pemberg and he'll also have Joseph Gacky there. Everybody's got to have like a little, you know, handicap to overcome. And the big O will be there as well. Oh, he is really rock solid. For all your draft day coverage is said, and no people by those emitators across the street, man. They couldn't, they couldn't get a cold on the draft. To innocent Hoorason pepper piz for QM's NFL draft party. This Saturday started to get 10 a.m presented by Heiniken. And you're trying to go that. So, a little, he's a little under the weather. Sorry, a little late reaction. A little bit of a crackdown 140, our whip-up about that. New O-Sama tape 80. Nice job also, W by the way, on that. We got that. That's why I played that. We got them thing. We got Sodom, but the problems we got to wrong guy. We attacked the wrong country and we got to wrong guy. Other than that, we're doing heck of a job. And the price of gas, 17. See, so this is one of those from the bottom to the top. That's what they care about the most is the price of gas. And they're not too happy about that. They're also probably not too happy about the bloodshed that's still continuing to rack although quite frankly, these, like I said yesterday, these butchers are getting off scoffery. And the carnage continues just unabated. What it would have been that means. Sounded good. Seven car bombs exploded across Baghdad yesterday, killing at least six people holding dozens of others, dozens. As politicians, we might just try to finalize the new cabinet. See if they would just call the cabinet store. Police discovered the bodies of 20 Iraqis appeared victims of sectarian killings that the U.S. hopes the new government can end. Oh, yeah, that's all going to stop. And she, I see in the, uh, soon these in the curds are all going to like join hands and sing right. We are the world. They're going to do that. At least it's not a civil war. They're going to come over from Bahrain. Isn't Bahrain a Muslim country? Or, or Dale? Oh, no, but I just ask you. I wonder what they think about his kind of people over there in Bahrain about Peter Files. We're just to forget about the petted. For a good about that part, just how most in general, I don't think they're like, uh, looked upon with great favor in the Muslim countries. I hear more about his money than I know. Is that what it is? Is that it, business? I thought they'd have enough of their own money. You would think that with the oil rich country's boss, where you know that much about it. Three roadside bombs, five drive by shootings in a mortar round and a partnership in a pear tree killed 12 Iraqis and bagged that in elsewhere. And the audio at any one. And meanwhile, the process. Yeah, the process. Say it right, man. The process. Speaking of a bozo there, oh, I can, we had to break. Vicious approval rate is slide to a new low. How low can you go, W. Who's, and he's not a virtue going into the 20s. I don't, there's never been anybody close to that. I don't know. There's an issue in history. I don't, huh? I don't think in history, has there? No. Since since they've been doing these things, it is kind of getting like the numbers on all the sports shows in town. Getting close to a, oh, yeah, all of them. I'm both stations. Those numbers are getting very dangerous. They close to a, oh, although Claire Bell came in this morning and said, hey, everybody happy. Now, what he said? Something like that. Something like that, yeah. To take care of George, take care of Josh, take care of business, heck of a guy. Do a heck of a job, Joe. You are right. You, you, you, the man. You are a man for the times. Not necessarily these times, but I'm sure some time. I made for all seasons. Yeah, not, not this one though. 27 past. Ha ha ha. That's probably season. Yeah. Oh, God, he is a real clown. 27 after 10, if you have dried concepts and is the best in the universe and making your carpets look brand new. And it won't remind you that springtime has arrived. Maybe no feels like the middle of summertime, part of the Humper. Is it like really a hotter and hell already? Oh, yeah. Oh, good. So it's only like still April. I get, but at least not. Not human. Oh, wait. Oh, it is human. Oh, but yeah. Like I said, maybe around 58, all that bad. Cleaning your windows and doing a little dusting here, they're going to give the appearance that your home is really clean. I know a lot about those surface cleaners, man. They go a little lick in a shmoor over here and that's it and like forget about it. Because until you're deeply in all the dirt and germs sitdle down deep in your carpeting, your furniture, draper, even your bedding. It really isn't cleaner than it is. It's all as it dry concepts is offering springtime specials right now to help you with all your spring cleaning and they're just a phone call away as always. I've used these folks for over 21 years in a variety of different homes at each and every time they show up. They do the same spectacular job. They'll never let you down. They show up on time. They give you a written guaranteed price up. Probably before they start to work and they leave everything looking like. As far as your carpets are concerned, like you had brand new laid, righteous before or off they came. And don't forget, dry concepts also specialize in a post-reclincy. leather cleaning, drapery cleaning, or you had a rug cleaning, water damage restoration like for the next 16 hurricanes, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, get rid of those nasty, pesky biting, dust bites and much more. So don't just have clean your home this spring. We need to do a stupid end this job. I call your friends and drive concepts and have your home really clean from top to bottom today. And Dave Rower of the Palm Beach is calm toll free. 1-800-24-8507-1- be sure and time that's fresh transferred. Toad it to call. Re speaker. $1-900-609-189-699. Number 3. T occur n packing names are decomposed short and not yet slanted medio遊戲 with printer sales Insoud and Get Home Best to Relief One. 8-80-epity list can be ¡the OSA website!!! EPISODE 12. THE HUCKY ACADEMIST N screws and those body part, How did you get that face of bones? She's so quiet they have been found. I'm gonna take it easy for months. Don't make fun of me you show me.ソ The Thank you. Funny 7K, 11.5, 60W, we're interspersing a few old emojis. Because yesterday we had to do a lot of that because the phone was all screw up. I wish the phones were working really sensational. Look at that. There's line 2, ring him. Q, I am, hello. Hey, how you doing, pal. Good. Listen, I know that you may comment about how clear channel started the HD radio. I do. Yes, today in the Wall Street Journal page D2, they're saying that many of the formats include is urban, Christian, Spanish, comedy, country, and gay-steam programming. But they're saying that you do not need an additional type of device. That would be our saying that if all the programming on television was HD tomorrow, you wouldn't need a different TV set. I mean, it's just silly. But in our neighborhoods now, Bell South, which just was brought out by you. Bell South sucks. I know, but they're going to have cable TV. It's just 4 to 6 months away. Yeah. Well, just keep in mind how our phones were yesterday. Okay, and by the way, I think somebody from Bell South's on the phone were like, literally, they're monitoring. Yeah, good. Your service below is okay. Yes, we did a whole show. It is supposed to be a talk show. And a phone is supposed to work. You know, in fact, I think the bees these even paid the bill last month, first time in several months. And we couldn't think of calling you because the phone was all screwed up for a change. Yeah, and then you heard the quality of that. Remember when I was talking to the huffer there and punched up that phone line, my God, even Alexander Graham Schwarzenby of set with that, being humiliated. Christ. He wouldn't like it either. Q, I am, hello. Thank you. How are you doing today? Okay, pal. Yeah, and I hope all these jaga to go to for Bush or happy. I mean, I mean, if we're all sharing the burden on the gas, prices would be one thing, but extra on mobile, they're making 46% profit increase a lot. There's a little bit of a question in your mind that making record profits while everyone in any way, say, well, it's because of the auto-emission standards and it costs so much to reform. But well, I want to craft that's the case. And how come they're not making the same profit that we're before instead of making record profits now? They're gouging, baby, they are raping the public. The Bushes, they have been lawdens, man, and it's cloudy, buddy. Yeah, well, somehow they didn't get the q hooked up there because they every time they have to try to do it, they said it on fire. Well, as long as these people only care about some Duke lacrosse rates, they don't get them mentally, mentally, mentally, mentally. But in a row, by the chicken and a row, but now you got it. What's wrong with this country, man? Are we all that just that recorded? That's a loop, yes. Man, let's do a plain ticket to Toronto. Okay, pal, you'll see at the border. Speaking of that, here's today's poll, most amusing. See, I put it on there purposefully because a lot of people with hojas is just a bust my ball. And what was that thing? And I'd bet we played before he said something about, uh, we'll bring it with a ball buster, something like that, right? It's how he said that. A nutcracker talking about that ball. Oh, the nut key sends it sweet. What country represents the world's greatest threat today? We have 786 votes. We'll make a thousand easy today, Josh. So what was the story? Did the terrible commander talk to you to and tell you about your deal being all set? Well, actually yesterday, um, we kind of made an official that I'll be staying on the WQA inside. But why didn't you tell me that? Well, uh, well, I, I wouldn't give a joke about how many days we've been showed today. Wouldn't that have been nice while George was trying to pick his guts out? You could have an interjecting and said, hey, get some good news. I could have, finalized it. Yeah, I could have did that. Well, well, but it said pretty pretty damn near. He presented the deal to me. I basically said, yes, you made you an offer. You made me an offer. I couldn't refuse. And I'm going to talk to him later today about, uh, when we're going to incorporate. Really. Well, be sure and give my regards again. Oh, and I, and I'm here. Doff is going to make you an offer. You can refuse. And probably we'll want to. Anyway, what country represents the world's greatest threat today? 796 votes. USA, 30063. The greatest threat in the world. And I would say you folks who voted for that are. Absolutely correct. I got your summary on it. You got the, you can feel the pulse. Dangerous dangerous people. Lots of bombs, lots of infected coming up with all kinds of new nuclear weapons. And we get pissed off. It's somebody we're going to, you know, and here's this lunatic. This out of control moron man who couldn't even make it in the world business in Texas had had his buddies bail him out. The, the, the, the, the, the bid Laden family. And his buddy of buddy James Bath there from the military, who was also a wall from the National Guard. Of course, there is no National Guard in the Wax. I got USA, 365, our ran, 121, their dangerous. Let's get, let's get on a man. Let's bomb them back beyond the Stone Age because they're able to got a head start. Isn't that what they're in that head start program? China 115. I've tried to try and he's could put a mercata business tomorrow. You know that. They wanted to. There already has. Well, they're pretty, they're working on it. And they're also still reproducing. The, the interesting part of it is the Chinese can't reproduce like crazy in China. And he workers, they only have one kid. But everywhere else like here, man, they're reproducing like rabbits. Making a report. God. I, you know, I don't want to get in choice. I'll better shape your choice here. But to me, it still remains one of the great mysteries of all. It goes to show you all you guys out there who weren't well and dialed by the Lord at birth. Don't let that bother you, okay? Because the Chinese are living proof. Uh huh. That you can be like a button mushroom guy and you can still make all the babies in the way. It makes no difference. Okay. Bear by that. Wow. I'm talking about wanting to make him. China 115 or three of 79. Saudi Arabia 46. How come they're not a lot higher on that list, huh? The freaking Saudis. I hate this full 22. Canada 18 tied with Israel 18. Canada is really dangerous. Iraq's only got 15. So you people think Canada is a lot more dangerous than Iraq. So instead of invading Iraq, they should have invaded Canada. And in the India only two. I didn't even put Pakistan on her. It would probably should have. But why bother you know. You think we should put Pakistan on her? Why don't you? Well, I mean, if we can put India on there. Sure. India, that's a much because we just give all those nukes and exchange for what are we getting exchange for it? A three-pounder. Mango. Mango is that was that we got. Mango is for nuclear weapons. I held it the OW because we don't have any over here. Right. Mango is that is. Can all or buy a diesel or. Yeah, diesel. There he goes again. Top picking on poor Janet Reno again. Pick it on the old diesel bike. Shame on you. And speaking of a dice, how's Canada leases husband or boyfriend doing? How's Ann Colbert's boyfriend doing? Miss Fudge. I just seems to be a common thread running through this group of right wing fanatics you know. I don't think Tom Cruise and John for both are the only ones hiding in that closet. I could be wrong about that. Well, look at that. George has put Pakistan on there. The packies. Man. Josh did anyway. Just somebody put it on there. But I was just just feeling his oaths now because he got that big raise coming from Clara Bell. That's right. We're going to take care of you. We'll take care. Yeah. These threat are volatile practically where you find the guy damn office. Hey. Anyway, getting back to abortion, low ratings. I guess we'll have to wait till I get the break. The new scene in. Pull. It's down to 32. Oh man. Traded dose. Holy. Holy. Can you believe that? 32 percent. Three. We're unable. To drive to work. That's right. Oh yeah. This business about. Well. Guess it's so much more famous. Over that. in Europe and European cities and of course in which probably never been there. Many of the cities you actually walk to wherever you have to work or walk to different or like they use these amazing things all bicycles and stuff like that. They don't use any gas. Like if you live in Miami for example anywhere in South Florida and let's say you live in the neighborhood and you work in Broward or vice versa. You're going to walk to work? I don't think so. You're going to bicycle it to work? I don't think so. How about if you live in LA? And of course then they also have those great things a lot of things like Amsterdam had the trams you know. Yeah, what's that tram? How's the tram service in South Florida coming pretty good huh? So here we have the tram. The trannies? Yeah. One thing in South Florida man, a lot of grannies and a lot of trannies. 1041-19 before I love it a cure. I think we're going to drop a nuclear weapon on sunrise lakes. This is a new Roger. Just to help it. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. 3. On this governing hell, a probing look at sports radio phenomenon, Geldie Goldstein. How do you explain the nickname of Geldie? It's you. Oh, you mean? I'm a postdoc. I see. Yeah, I got shot. See where pointed Geldie's delicate operation. Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! Don't cut down! How is it possible for someone who sounds like you? Can actually find work as a radio announcer? Can we tell you something? When it comes to sports, I know what to do! On the field? No. I mean, you got it. You're voice. I think I got a nice voice. One blend of the round. More says that don't belong on the radio. Part of a week long series. We're beginning tonight. Only on the discovery. I've got three C and G D and D. Yeah. We've got a better day to go and get some. Wonderful. Double you two, I am. Oh, right. Wow. I don't think I want to hear that again. I don't mean like now. I mean, like ever. 14 before 11 and 5, 60 WQM. Look at that. Can't have the 18 votes the most dangerous country in the world today. Let's nuket. Let's drop the old bomb in Ottawa. Let's drop it in red beer. Just to get even for a Randy Moher. President Bush's approval ratings have sunk to a personal low with only a third of the American city approval of the way. It's actually a little less than a third. If my math is cold. No. And it's telephone pull of a thousand. Twelve at all Americans to read out Friday through Sunday by opinion research corporation for CNN. 32% of respondents said they approve his performance. 60% say they disapproved. 8% said. But we'll take that to do it across. That's a significant drop from the way Americans proceed the person in the year ago. And a CNN USA that they gallop pulled carried out April 29th to May 1st of last year. Americans were split on their assessments of his performance. 48% said they approved 49% disapproved. So in one year, that means he dropped 16 points. He's dropped in fact to then our sports show ratings was one of four conducted with in the past 10 days that he yielded similar results. A few center pull carried out April 7th to 16th gave him a 35% rating. Fox News, a pretty dynamic pull carried out last Tuesday, Wednesday, and 33%. That's the Fox News where the only interview right wing fanatics in church. And an American research group pulled carried out two to three Friday, last week, and a given 34% of New Zealand and 32% supplement they trained they dose. As we needed dose of realities. Especially, you know, where we need that a QAM. So I hope that when Josh Curtis goes in there and talks to Terrible, this afternoon after the show, you just go in there and pound your fist on the desk a lot. Like who shaved in it, do you win? All right. Yeah. Say, what is wrong with you? What's all this? Tell that you got on there. What's with his Robert Greeper stuff running your radio say? You just just spazz out, you know, circle. Like that. I'll drop a who did more. And that would be good. Yeah. But both fixed on it. Who's been more? That's good. Very good. A spigot of a fox in those fascists there. What a surprise. Tony Snow, like I didn't think the one house post. I said we just have revolving press documentaries just each day, a different news person from Fox. When I made good idea, we have Sean Hannity one day and Tony Snow, the day after that, and we have Charles the old crowd hammer. In his wheelchair, he could be under a squeeze in his bag on the third day. Ever tell that Charlie campus had a bag? No. You didn't know Charlie campus. Charlie, you know that is? No. A good. Sources close to the White House said Monday that Fox anchor Tony Snow is likely to accept a job as White House press secretary of CBS Scott McClullin. He's going to have that twisted cross tattooed on this forehead. The sources say they expect him to announce that this is in the next few days. A source familiar with the discussion said Monday that newly appointed Chief of Staff Josh, bolt and ass, known to make a decision by early this week. Two sources from anywhere the discussion said bolt and lot of the field opposed this week is early as tomorrow. Sources from anywhere with Snow, the Liberation City, been focusing on family finances and his health. I guess he had like, cool him, can't you just have a clean bill out now. They looked right inside there and they said, hey, no problem. Sources from anywhere with the matter said the White House approached the Fox anchor several weeks ago. He serves as a political analyst for the Fashist News Channel, which he joined in 1996. It well known right wing fanatic, a lunatic Tony Snow. Now good, fits right in there. And of course he'll help me to give us the truth. You know, that's the one thing about Scott McClullin kept saying he lied a lot. Tony Snow will give us the truth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Let's make up for yesterday. They might get a lot of calls on here today. A lot of frustrated people out there yesterday. What is Mark Feld again? Beef throat. He's out with Larry tonight. What if he's going to bring you a son-in-law? He's got three sentences a matter of fact. But the one is always standing in the doorway that you know, behind him every time they show him in a house. Well, he wants a photo op. You know, everybody wants their five and a half seconds of fame. I think his name is Nick Jones. And what do I, if his name is Mark Feld? Why are his kids named Jones? I can see when a woman, you know what I'm saying? Can't you different the last, the last, the last father we're saying? And sometimes the children take the mother's name not necessarily the father's. Or really the stepfather? Well, maybe Nick, I've heard of an incident, can that be felt? Yeah. Yeah. The father. Or, you could also say, well, I'm kind of Jones in to get to know him better, similar to that. 854 votes in that poll. This is scandalous man. We're going to pass that thousand mark like we're like laid out. Phone is exactly as smoking here considering it's working today. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hello. I can't hear you. It's good. That's the best news I've had all day. 560, 560, pound five, 60, the Verizon singular rod of slime. No, even if it isn't the great one, they all sound the same to me now. You know, said you're a one kind of thing. Well, the mud rumps. There was. WQAM. Hey, mu. Yes, sir. Yeah. Would you think of a D-Way's Game Last night? What did I think of it? Yeah. Who the hell's that? D-Way's man. D-Way in Lucas? Cut the crap, pal. Cut the crap. You're going to get a little girl. Go kiss. I'm going to, I'm going to hit you. You got a big target there, okay? He's icy hot. He likes his icy hot patch. The sea. I'm sorry. The sea. The sea. No, the sea. Oh, the way he says it, man. Just sends me right to the bowl. 560, 505, 60. Come on. The phone is working at a man. Where the hell are you people for Christ's Sakes? Like, after your Parkinson once said in Sarasota, WSPB, where the hell are you people? When you come right down to him, you're there and I'm here and thank God for that. Yeah. What do I think of the heat last night? Oh, please. Give me a break. You're playing like a little girl. I'm playing the bowls. Yeah. And if you're a star. Don't get choked up about it now. You're just a figure drinker. Oh, my God. Yeah. WKQ and hell. Oh, my God. Okay. We got it. It's in the mail. WKQ and hell. Meal. Yes, sir. I got a styrofoam for Miami. Yeah. All the illegal, I work in a construction site. All the illegal immigrants left it like 10 o'clock. That was like about 100 people here. Yeah. Although a lot of my friends and all the jobs in Miami, they have all left. It's like some sort of channel strike or something. Hmm. So I just want to share that and see if you're anything about it. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Now, while we do have a story about the earlier, where maybe they were afraid they're going to get busted. Yeah. I put a way down here. I've been going around. I haven't seen the report. Yeah. We're going around busted all the illegal aliens. Which means that by the end of the week, there won't be anybody working in South Florida anymore, including George. I'm leaving all the aliens. A little human. I'm dead, Canada. For good. I do it before that punk calls in your buddy. Yeah, that's the old stop. What is it? Some people have a green card. That kid's got a pink card. 560. 560. We're rising to see it around this line. But these people are like the egg man. They don't want to come out of their show today. But this phone is working. Thanks to Bell Soth for that fabulous job of getting their crappy equipment working again within only 24 hours or less. What a bunch of losers. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. There's only one thing worse than the keys. That's the killer B-maze that we've been dealing with them for years. Yeah. Their killers are right. Okay. Thanks for the bulletin. I'm not clever. Killer B is the killer B's. He's maybe they put the B in B's, huh? Or maybe they put the B in your bonnet. Or maybe in your back room. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What is happening? Just amazing. He must have his own phone problem. Because every time he gets on there like Josh does the magic trick thing. Waves his magic wand and this guy like just vanishes. Oh, I'm pretty sure. He made him with some of very bonds vanishing cream. WQA and hello. I got a project card. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, they're paying these legal $6,000. It's another going to get rid of all of them. It's another going to pay $9 an hour. There's not going to be any workers in South Florida. You can't live here unless you're making 50 bucks an hour. 50 bucks an hour. Who do you know is making 50 bucks an hour? Nobody. That's my point. Everybody's going to leave. You can't live here any if you don't have something. All of them, all of better for them. Man, if that's what it takes, more power to them. That's what it takes to get everybody out of there. I don't think any sense of that. I got to make any sense at all. So there's no legal. So they're going to have to do it. You want to have, you see, here's your problem. Some of the jackball calls up and makes sound. Okay, I'm not saying he says something. Or just say he makes some sound. Okay. He moves his lips. And you're like trying to have like a rational response to it. No, that's what you were doing. Forget about it. Forget that you ever heard that voice. Forget he ever said anything. Okay. That's exactly very well done. Well done. Like like stay cooked a little bit too long. And don't be a, remember that's true about the, not that the same thing new, but meats cooked at high temperature. You know, giving you cancer. What about that thing about the Teflon? Oh yeah. No more. Yeah, what? Teflon. You can't. Yeah, that's right. I got a T-Fal frying pan. I better stuff. I'll cook it up. Brown enough that burger. I better brown mine. So you're going to have to scrape your meat. You know, big deal. Don't scrape your meat. Chase like hell. Yeah. Okay. Cancer. That's what you think. First Tom Cruise again. I don't know if anybody saw the thing on those stupid ass in channel surfing yesterday. He was just all over the place. You can like a cancer in my TV. So like Robert Greeper is at the QAM. Like a cancer in our midst. And it was Tom Cruise. And he's a certified. Well, he's crazy. Then a bed of luck. He's just too far out of control. Crazy person. And I'll tell you also. As you watch him, he becomes more and more. Looney. Get it. I'll tell you every time he's seen. I see. Set up the gate. I like a little girl now. He's just, uh, come on, Tom. Come out of the closet, please. Before they show that episode again, get everybody. Get Isaac Hase, I'll be on the shape. Come out of the closet. Please. We beg you. When John for bolder come out too. And our Kelly, please. For your peace. 800 and 68 votes already on this. What country represents the world's greatest threat today? The USA, 390. Iron Man, 139. China, 122. North Korea, 86. Is Kim Jong-il? Saudi Arabia, 51. And Shmatah heads man. Nice head year though, God. I love the little, what are the little point of things in the corners there? Little, uh, is that just a whole dress of a dot? I don't know. You tell me that. Well, that's right. I'm trying to manage. But the most important investigative work that we can do is check it out head gear. Because that's, that's the world's biggest problem is that competing head gear. I hate this pull 23. Israel 21. Canada, 18. We are dangerous man. And go to come after your ass. Iraq, 15, India, 3 and Pakistan's got the big old. This is Neil Roger and he's gone. This is 5. 16, 2, 8 and a lot. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your goal. What the hell? Any questions? Baby Roger, couple minutes old. That turned place we know. That's a little bit. A little bit. What does he want? Laser's a very important round of turn. The car starts on high revamping boards. Which is projectile? That part of his history the習craft system in American War. Okay man. Talkey. Rock solids, they're shoved over some stars from time of jumping through them boots. Just wait there, there's always something. You throw me in another plane. There, let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up that stain. Yeah, let's get busy, what do you say? Get on it. I'm gonna need to near time. I'm gonna hit my bottom east up, pussyfoot. And blow up, pack the stain. That's so low, that's a ruts. Oh, that's a lot of it. It's a lot of it. I want it. 560 WQ. I'm happy to see the video. Yeah, tell me here. Yes, do you see? I can't believe I did that for myself, can you? You're gonna have to do it over there. No, I'm not. I don't have to, when I'm not drunk. I feel like that. I do like this. I've come all through a lot of it. When I think back, I know the track time, I'm the highest. I'm the highest. It's one day when I can think at all. I'm the highest. And my bad, the fish show has turned the gun. I can lead the lightning on the wall. Oh, the fire on the kill, and my bad, try to run. Kill the scum, me, the song, the song, the song. Make sure the song is gone. I'm telling you what he invited me to. I'm like Paul Simon must be anti-Somantic. I tell you that right now, 560 WQ. 560 WQ had that big draft party coming up on the Saturday. Siggler has scheduled yesterday. It's Geldie free. Oh, thank God. Oh, brother, they'd arrest your eardrums a little bit. We got the Pondrous Kimbobot camper 2-4-7 and that revolving slot. Don't forget, very Jackay says that Evan Cohen was auditioned on the air Sunday morning, even though Claire Bell denies that. And then, of course, his response was, we're trying to improve our weekend programming. If that is the case, then how come I don't see Evan Cohen's name on the schedule for next weekend? This coming. Do you see his name on there anywhere? No, but, you know, I see Curtis. I see Len Lenny Martez. I see the Crow. Oh, my God. I don't see no Evan Cohen on there. So for we need to do if that's the true. This, this Clara Bellman. He picked up right where his predecessor left off. You don't see him in any ways. First and foremost, be on. That one. It's a company policy man. Don't ever tell the truth. The truth will upset somebody free and we don't want to do that. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60, the Verizon-sigitor, wireless line. Georgia's performance last week, your thoughts. What's that movie we're talking about yesterday, Merkin Dreams with a Z. Now, we had one call on that one, if we were to work in a little bit. And the guy said, it's sucked. I'm sure if somebody saw it. WDQAM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I knew, was speaking. Oh, Neil, I... How you doing? I just need to know a few of you up. We see the fact that I sent earlier regarding how we can get together and stop this oil problem. The fact that you sent... I sent one earlier. I don't know if it's been received yet. No, he hasn't been receiving a still working his way through the system. I see, okay. And in that show, let me just give it to you. If everyone who's buying, ex-son, and mobile gasoline just buys another brand for an entire company for the rest of the year, we could just shut them down. At least they could start being more competitive as far as the price is going to buy another brand. I don't understand what does that mean. In other words, like, Amaco is keeping the next size of your money. But if nobody's buying ex-son or mobile gasoline, buying... What about the show? Are they giving any bargains out? I don't understand what you're talking about. It's going to have to force them to be more competitive and drop the price. If nobody's buying gas from their stations at all. You must be in a dream world, man. Tell me when the drugs shipment comes in, okay? Don't anybody buy ex-son, okay? And then they're going to drop that price. Nobody's going to buy ex-son because this guy called the show. It said, don't buy it. Oh my god, you're right. Put them in the middle of like that. Yeah. Good. God, thank God. They're all over the top. No, he must have dreamed it. You know, maybe he was hallucinating about getting the fact that he was with his press. Nobody's going to go to ex-son because he called some stupid talk show. Jesus, God Almighty. Yeah, that's going to solve the problem. Don't buy certain brands, man. Go buy that real cheap gas. You're the kind of life he sold some of the mini-marts of kind of gas that you wouldn't put in your motor scooter, much less in your car. Yeah, it's by some of that crap. It's got to be. Yeah, it's right. It's like 80% water and 20% to something rubbing alcohol. Right. I was going to say gas, but then of course, I had a f*** off something there. And George would get all upset. George is the anti-gay slady. Forget about that. What's that being all stuff? Forget about that. Forget about that. That cost a lot of money. Just call up, Joyce. She'll like way from Magic One and you'll never have gas again. She's the gas eliminator. 899 votes. Look at that. We're going to have 900 by 1106. Aren't you excited about that? What's going on here today? I don't. I guess maybe the audience is coming back after George being on that. That's right. It's like it's just a little joke. It's just, are you crazy? They want you back on now, man. They want you back on now. Go ahead. Crazy person. Okay. Alright. I mean get a jingle went on ahead. I'm sure you're out of time the time for a jingle. See, jail, tell you. Goals. Goals. Goals. Goals to my eyes. Guys. Basically, let me ask you something. Oh, please. What are the odds that I could ever do that again in a million years? That was special. That was a nice example. That scared my doll started twitching when that happened. That was like the, that cart we got there. What a guy calls in with the bird is sitting there. They're cackling, you know. And he's doing that. Ricky, take you back. And then all the same day. The song was the red rubber ball by the circle. Remember that? Right. And he like he talked it up. That's, that's, that's, that's, we just had a moment in radio greatness and nobody ever know about it because we're on a station man. And so what did him, what does it got to do with the heat? And last night's big wins. Even norma can't was if that ball game last night. Instead of like doing some studio's work and something important, he's busy at some stupid basketball game where it is all black guys on the court and all white people understand. It's something really strange about that. That reminds me of the Romans and the Christians, you know what? You have to wear white when you go to the games. Is that what it is? It's a, they also have like the white pompoms like it. I'm trying to think of who that is. Is that the Saber crowd that are the hockey teams are doing that with a white, you know. Maybe that's the kind of the end of the frogs. It's a little bit old, you know. And then like Trent Lot with a pompoms, you know. People are starting to talk. You're fairly. Come to the QA. And hello. Real men don't wave pompoms. QA. I know. There is some calling, you know, you're a big DJ fan. Yeah. And I heard you play a night song broadly earlier. I just wanted to tell you that they have an album called The Here Last B.G. Life. And it has all the older, you know, older hits. And there are a little bit more up tempo. And I found the white them a lot better than the studio version. So you might want to be a chance to get that album or CD. And, you know, hopefully you'll like it. I know I like it a lot better than the studio version. The studio version. I can't stand live CDs. I can't stand. No one. I'm usually with you. Hey. What's this? It's pretty good. You know, you give it a try. Okay. All right. You know, thanks. See what? Well, what I want to do that. Well, what I've got this one here. And I know we called. Why did I do that? I guess because I saw the B.G. I bought a lot of music. I think you've used that biography that night. Remember several months ago. And I got inspired because they were the love of music. It's pretty good. Even though a lot of you don't want to admit it because it makes you sound. Okay. I mean, what's his name? Barry. He was the one to the high fall set. Right? I guess that. I guess. I thought they all did. You guess. I thought they all did. No. Barry was the one to the leads. Come on. Barry would know either the lead. But they hear it. He's in beer. Be as in beer. Be as in boy. Be as in bitch. Joyce. We're all ready. We're ready to hear it. We're ready to hear it. We're ready to hear it. I don't know how anybody can say now. Although I will say it is. But if I finally start singing, it is very high register. Maybe yelding could have been the next B. And I'll score as B.G. It's in the next. I can see. I can see. I can see. I can see. I can see. I can see. I can see. I can see. It's not actually anything somewhere. It's not eighty. You don't need that burger Morris. Evan you bad with those. Then whatever you do, don't go to King all the time. That's FAMILY Yeah. Yes. Yes, I'm on my way. Oh. Go, go. Go. Watch me cheeks. Well we don't have time for that. Maybe a little bit later though. I think there was something there I got to bleep out. Remind me too or not. Guess what, Joyce? We don't care anymore. We're sick and tired of all your dictatorial crap. We don't wear a word tired of it. In fact, when Josh goes into seed you'll bell about your deal of stuff. Now we shouldn't tell him that too. Okay. We're tired of some bitch over in Naples. Tell him that you can't say that it was in your camp. If actually he's not just a regular ordinary bitch. Are you where that? You know what kind of bitch he is? I do that. They say I love his tap. She belongs behind bars. I guess she would be a prison bitch. Joyce. We're sick of it. Okay. We're sick and tired of it. You want more than your Roger show, Mr. Bell. Then let us do a show. Okay. Let us do a show. Unshackle this show. Remember that song by Rachel else? Unshackle this show? Nope. Unshained my heart. That's what they say in Little Havana. Unshained my heart. Look at that higher gas prices cause you to back cut back on spending 54% yes, 45% no. You wait till the end of the year man in this gas thing continues and will as the summertime approaches. Everything else is going to go to the food. You know, everything is going to go skyrocketing and this wonderful economy that they're rambling and babbled about it's going to go right in the old cramper. Look at that. Did you see those gas pumps on her they just showed? No. People would just stop buying gas at exon and mobile. There were all that. I think somebody disconnected that guy's shoe. Wow. It's kind of like the Terry Shival of talk radio. 900 and some odd 9 9 9 13 on that pool which country represents the world's greatest threat today which is the country with all the nuclear weapons that seems to be invading everybody else because we don't want them to have them because we make up a lot of crap because we want their oil is what it all boils down to. We put the oil in boil. USA for 110 for yeah, 410 there's nobody even close. I ran 145 China 130. North Korean 93 Saudi Arabia 51. It's there was on 51 last time I read these. Well, you people are sure getting suck at it by those. It's maybe they like the way they dress. That must be it. Maybe they would like the way they decavitate people like down there at the chop chop chop square. No, what they call it? Okay. No, that is. That's what they call a chop chop square. They used to have that in Fahrenheit and I love it. We're going to chop the guys head off and they didn't even do a very good job of it. Is real 24 they can have the bombs because there's a lot of influential Jews over there. So, you know, I hate this poll 23. Canada 18 especially when I'd frogcretchen was the P.N. Man. That's when they were dangerous. Colin Bush of Jack Azor or more on whatever was he said. Our rack 15, India 3 and Pakistan's got the solumente uno. Only one. And that's because most of these people would know where to find India or Pakistan on a map. If you want to find India just look at that little turret underneath it and scroll tree line that used to be salon that's a helpful way. You know, how we do like word association. So, no, seriously, in terms of geography which most Americans are very bad at, like remember the college students that you have been all a year and they keep doing that and they can't find a kid from New York can't find New York City on the map. Well, New York City is kind of easy to find because they also had like that turd and sitting off their, uh, called Long Island. And so it's kind of like pretty easy but they still couldn't find it. And then there was a whole bunch of U.M. parks that couldn't find Florida on the map with both hands. And then there was a whole bunch of them couldn't find their back to both hands either. I don't believe that was. Oh, yeah, they might find you're a, uh, a one hand. Oh, each other. Yeah, no problem. That's U.M. Just ask Robert Creeper, he'll tell you 1113 and 560 WQM. We got Kim Bo Kamper to the 7th. I bet you were going to be draft intensive baby. Oh, you know what they're probably going to be intensive because the heat won't get in last night. Let's go heat. Oh, yeah, I'm really into that. Not we got the raptors here. They suck. How's their playoffs coming? Just like the Leafs. Just like the Panthers. You know, how many years? How many more years are they going to bother having a franchise? One good thing about that. The Wackford got to mention this to Hank. At least Jack Martin will have a chance to token a playoff this year. I've been telling you for years to call 1 800 McFerus whenever you need a bed. They can deliver with the name to our window that you choose when it's convenient for you. They have knowledgeable Betty consultants and more. And now here's another great reason to call. We want to congratulate our good friends at Dalama Fris because we just received a press release yesterday from the new England branch of the Better Business Bureau, which is where their headquarters are located. The Better Business Bureau gave out their annual tour to excellence awards in Guess what? Dalama Fris won't begin. That's the third straight year that they've won and faced on the basis of honesty, integrity, ethics and all the markets they serve from Maine to Miami. So many places you could buy mattress, but rest assured that when you call 1 800 McFerus, you can be talking with a company you can trust and it's going to give you the best deal all the way around. Don't have to go out there slumping and wasting a lot of expensive gas. That's right. Just sit there on your ass. Speaking of gas, and just make that easy call. And when you do talk to the folks at Dalama Fris pick from whatever brand you like. See me, service Simmons Kingcrow, separate cater, students and folks to hear what check out MacRis.com on the web for all the styles and sizes too. So do what I've been doing for years. Do the smart thing. The easy piece is shopping called the number one choice in betting in the universe. Dalama Fris told free it's 1 800 mATTRES. Leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Saving. This is Neil Roger. This is 566. Oh, that was it. I'm not going to let you down. Okay. Oh, right. No problem. Yeah, whatever you have. I'm ready. Just to the undue boldness. I've only been in no home. I've used a pre-din, a strip, a gun and trouble with a law. Now they wish they were followed. Watch an occur, Miss. I enter hills. We proved they're innocent. Now where their lawyers probably were. They didn't ever eat into the courtroom now. They had a little more fun than the campus allowed. But just to young new folks, from the duplicustions, I'm dying on the head. Make sure you got out of hand. Now all over the land, they got their face on TV. We're hopping in the time machine. Oh, you're on. What's your common log in team? Oh, here's the golden deck in the WWE. Right now. Here's a little bit of a set of minutes. Good to run. Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. That's very. But they all enjoy it. They all enjoy it. They're very random. Too fair. They're very fun. They all do it. But he's the lead singer on most of the locker-nighters. See, you haven't seen these videos. Oh, yeah, I had. Abby, you better get with your current life series, man. You better start getting serious with the time-life series. Actually, there's pretty good. I got that time. Which one is this? The 70s, 70s music explosion time-life. Remember I got all the time? Right? I'd get testing George before the show every morning. Tell you about two notes. And you got a couple of them right. Yeah, a couple. Actually, they're pretty good. David Cooper, I shouldn't have said that. I'm not going to dump it though. I don't like using people last names, but he wouldn't have put it on there if he minded. Plus, it's such a common name anyway, right? Right. I'll speak of that. How's Anderson's Cooper? So David says, on a fact, I have to be one who loves the bedtime stories. We've read quite a lot of stories on the website. Thank God as well as many other sites. Here are a couple of us that were very interesting. You may enjoy another first one. The John Dean was on our website. So get what? David, come on. So I apologize if you're already covered them. I don't want to type your fast machine, machine. So if you're interested, they can be found that. And the first ones on our website, the John Dean one. Of course, most people in America don't know John Dean from Jimmy Dean, from Howard Dean, right? Right. From Dean Jones. Oh, I remember Dean Jones was, well, he sure was bad. And then it was all, what's his name? Speaking of bad singers. Jack Jones. Remember him? Oh yeah, love both. He would get out of it. Terrible. Jack Jones. Plus the thing I remember out of him, he had like how funky he knows. You know, the tip of his nose, look like he had bad presence in tears. Also he's got another one on here. It says, why Natalie Holloway is lucky. She's not around to make accusations above him. And article about why the Fox A-Hills are so obsessed with Natalie Holloway. I might have to check that out. Thank you, David. Why are they obsessed with that? And now that what's your name? Read a cause, be so random, and be see why they don't can't take the leave into that bitch. Or she is just, every one of these stories, man. It's the epitome of what I've been screaming about for years. Ever since we go back to the Michael Jackson Deal and the O.J. Deal and Aliani to all of those. Maybe just a bunch of crazy people, okay? You're insane. You're lunatics. You're grave robbers. There are on this dupting man like stink on the beeslee. He's just incredible. All over it. And then somebody, fact, is it like I'm supposed to care about this. John Edwards to appear at UM-Bus forced tracking janitors. Well, that's why you can't spell scum without UM. Because the janitors are on strike. Former Democratic Vice-Presidential Candy janitors will appear today in support of a strike by UM contract workers. David, on strike at the University since early March or early June, February. Well, you know what we're going to do? Bring all of them to legal aliens over to UM. Bring them into Gables and turn them all loose. That sound good? Yeah, the scab, anyway. Yeah, let all the scabs get loose there in the Gables, man. It worked for like 50, 50 cent an hour. Maybe even lower than that. Now, how do you like their maples? I don't like to honor it. Where's he? He strikes me as being as funny as a $46 bill. I don't like him at all. Plus he's a draw a drawling Yehoo, you know? I can't help it. I do admit it's one of my weak points. I try to be fair. Yeah, I'm a bigoted old, I'm a bigoted old, I'm a, they call me Bob, a bigoted old bastard. And just, I'm just not into drawling Yehoo's. I just have a thing about that. I don't like him. Well, current's burning. Yeah. He's one of me. Probably one of your neighbors up there in the Carolinas. Probably. Nothing to be fine if they get that lot of Carolinas. And now you go in about there. You can have some Carolinas by the way. It's all yours. It's all yours. It's all yours. WDQAM. Hello. All our people? WDQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neo. Yes, sir. It's 20. It's 20. It's 20. Yeah, I know. How about those same birds? Yeah. My team. Yeah. The game I'm, I'm darely, was tremendous. Yeah, the game I'm, well, and I noticed that Ken Hitchcock, for the Hitchcock, was pretty embarrassed after the game last night. They saw his post mortem after where he was pretty long in the tooth. Yeah, I wish I'd seen that game last night. I couldn't catch that one. Well, they kicked their ass. Don't stop. We're a hockey talk now. Who paid you to make this call? Guys across the street. I started talking hockey and sabotage the show. We haven't even got to come in the inside. I got my white line. We don't need that from that. You know, something I'm rooting for the Sabers too. And I just definitely yesterday. The first game, you know, you got to pick somebody to root for. And since I have both of my teams sucked wind. Right. I got to root for the Sabers. Hey. Hey. Oh, and last night, I had the Buffalo News. They showed, see because we only get the network thing on the NBC thing. So we don't get the regional one. Mm-hmm. But they showed the General Rets call of the winning call over time. And the first game it was sensation. He's being just great. He is awesome. I mean, he's no, he's no Dave Ann boring. But you can't do the best you can. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He put you the sleep Dave Ann boring. Yeah. He's pathetic. Totally. Totally. That is good as rich walls. But he's working on it. Listen, I grow mangoes in my backyard. Can I get nuclear weapons? Yes. Yep. Oh, right. George will send you out a couple right now as a matter of fact. All right. I think George and he may. I'll be get this. Okay. I'm a look for it. Okay. Send them some good stuff. Some good stuff. So, go on. He wayward wants a good stuff and George would like to have a little some leftover too. That's a good start. Sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How do you like to have a good gray bird? We love the Sabers. They're kicking ass. I think they're likely to be rough. He's having some tough times. His daughter's got like some kind of a brain thing. You know, but she's going to be all right again. And he's a good guy. I actually loved this show when he was the assistant coach with the panthers. He was on a him and Pat Riley. Our about the only two sport and of course, Doug McLean. My good buddy Doug McLean, who had the wisdom to hire your buddy Rimmer, get him out of town. That's the good news. I forgot to say to George. Haven't heard from Rimmer in a long time. Wow. That's why I'm in a good mood. Oh. WKOM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Why should he call a camp by many meals? Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Hey, I'm doing fine. Hey, I'm about about day from boring. This is where the he's been. Is been a broadcast at 6.1969? Is that right? I don't know. You're asking me. Well, I only did the S.V. games when you're on the internet. I know he did that because nobody would put him on the air. No, no, but he's been broadcasting for a long time. Now he's he's really bad. How could you think he's survival this year? Well, let me ask you something. You didn't hear me. Jack Rickhouse broadcast for the Cubs for 170 years. He's one of the worst I ever heard of. Oh, horrible. Okay. Yeah. I can do better. Well, there you go. Okay. Just answer your question. No, extra charge. Chris Christie in more. That's like the booster gave me that crap in a hockey game one time years ago. I was telling him how bad Chris Moore was. That's back in the day in the old Miami Arena. It's as well. Yeah, but he's working in the NHL. I said there's a lot of bad people working in the NHL. Okay. Oh, my god. You can a lot of bad people doing sports on here. Just because somebody got a job somewhere. Maybe they had some naked pictures like, uh, yeah. Or maybe like Robert's a creeper. If I told you once, I told you three times about history. What's up? Seven past eleven a QM at the melting pot. The fun do becomes more than just a meal. It's a memorable four-course dining experience where you can really dip into something different. And you're a wide variety of unique, on-trason, special melting pot dipping sauces. And there's nothing like going in there and dipping the good stuff. Imagine starting dinner with a melting pot. We now in cheese, fun do a serve with three different braids, granny's with apples and crisp veggies. Next you're choices, salads, all of the melting pot so made dressings. Antrason proved lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, cig and seasoned chicken pork, part of our mushrooms, duck and more cooked in oil or broth, whichever you like. And those melting pot dipping sauces are out of this world. See, back in the beginning when the melting pot started many, many moons ago, I think it's back when I was on Zeta. And I was talking melting pot. And it was very good, but they only had like a very limited menu and just a few things now they've expanded it and it's just out of this world. And for dessert to chocolate fondue is really special. Dip fresh fruit, sick your fruits in there, man. Strawberry is bananas, pineapple, cheesecake, brownies, topped off with tasty marshmallows, rolled in crushed Oreos and Graham crackers. Just stick them in that like melted chocolate, even right naegan would be impressed. And they also got not just the dark chocolate, they got the white chocolate too. So, so stick in the sweet little disambient ore, but your bludger goes zooming through the roof. The melting pot in four-glaternale, coral springs, book and worth time to reach Cooper City in Kendall. You can't beat it. And if so if you're tired of the same old pedestrian stuff, this is a great place to go out for a real treat. The melting pot dip it into something really different. This is a meal, Roger. This is five, 16, 15, 15. Play for me. Play for you. Play for me. Let me go, learn about Pharaoh. Hi. I'm David Samohn and I used this out of my business. Until I return touber? I'm looking to run your home from my world champion modeling and I don't like staring at Stinium when fonts picky putball players. To hide my heart said, not on a new stadium but my dreams are all attached, because because of that tight, so dark. Well, it's not gonna happen now. And it's all your fault, Hank. Oh, your fault. Ha ha. Some certain will be welcome this literators with flowers and dandy and a new city like San Antonio. Perceptive pink type and smoke and hot. If you don't want to marlin' anymore, I'll just take them home with me open myself to play a my own backyard. So put that in your lost column, Florida. And remember, there's nothing more important than life in the grab-out side area of Mano Manfort. The important for a home, for the marlin' for the home of Odieau. Ooh. Oh. If you get a lot of things, all right. If you Rogers on sportshold, I made the Odieau W2A. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This bit the worst thing it's all about. What do you think? It's in the running. So. Perfect. Perfect. Awesome. Awesome. Bottom tip. Bottom food. If you've got a problem, don't care about it. You may not have, or not gonna show you. Yeah. Oh. To the point. To the point. To the point. To the point. To the point. To the point. That's it. You look it up. You're a dad. That's a mint-lead. That's just one of those, I think. Very annoying. Well, when I think was big, it was played air. Even on stage, when we're playing classical music, they play that. Oh. Cored. Cored. And I think it was just horrible. I can hail. Oh. Please. Somebody help us. 560 were very phone call intensity, because we got to make our quarter from yesterday kind of like the FHP got to make our quota like the city of plantation there on the new high this road under the new palm trees or whatever those trees are in the media now as opposed to the old high this road with the losing all their business. WQA and hello. You know it's funny that you mentioned Chris Moron and Chris need a boron and I spoke shall be last week when the girl that won came on the radio I reached for the radio dial and I don't blame you. When across the street and oh yeah are oh and yeah. There they were just like in the good old days the boosters and Christina Moron. Oh my brother. Oh my brother. Oh my brother. Oh my brother. Okay. Getting Christina Moron's in depth analysis of the of the upcoming NFL draft. I proceed to dry off the road and crash my car. Oh now Chris Dean is an analyst huh? Yes he is. Oh I'm going to be the first time. You know one thing about the booster man he latches on to some of the boosters. I'm he you know we've got a lot of talent on a play by play side he's not a talk host I always said that he wanted to be on a station but he latches onto the biggest losers you know between the labastered and Christina Moron with that's all about. You know you were mentioned just you know being on searching the radio waves and having to choose between the guilt it wanted listening to that. Maybe that's why no sports radio is the way to go for the future. You're right. I'd rather have my hair set on fire and put out what a slut hammer. Okay. Good work pal. Don't do it again. That was good. See I told you if you take 40,000 calls man you get a gem and a rough like that one. Or hurt like in the lindi rough. And there's Mark Feld. I wonder where Nick Jones is. Well he's looking pretty old Mark. You're daughter didn't know. No. How did you do that? Just manure. Round. What do you say manure? I think he said. WQAM hello. He's ready for a QM management. WQAM hello. QAM. Hey. Yes sir. I was wondering if one more time since it's not going to be around much longer before Angelina has her baby if you could play that bit about the little baby inside of her belly. Oh yeah. That'd be great. Would it be great? He he has there. All I work on it. Oh it's Angelina's fetus talk. Oh well word from the other born child. That's Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt. Hello. I'm Brad Pitt. I'm a human being. Sorry. I'm a pain. My mouth is going to be great. I'm going to touch a huge piece of beans. Help. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm a man. You get up. I'm afraid I'll be in the child. I'm very sure. I'm very happy. I'm very happy to have a 50-minute chance and look in right now. That's what God looks like a troll. Can you imagine the bad luck? I've been very chill. I should find them. I'm a beautiful Christian Christian mother and you worry that you look in right skin. But anyway, my life is pretty successful. It's so delicious. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'm so happy to have a happy life. I'll see you in the future. I'll see you in the future. I'll see you in the future, on Nunnepreeken Shrek. Bye, bye. You have this witness to the official pre-birth Monologue from the Unborn Baby of Angelina, Joëlli and Brad Pitt.illy and quick. I'll see you in the future. P Oh, wait, I'm a drunken man. Hold on. Yeah, the defendant of the court. Look at that. It was in T.C. Black, no member. Just you. No, the honor of the day, Kayleigh, set a trial date for July 10th in this matter. Okay, that's the adduke of the cross team rape case. Okay. And again, what she said, I wrote it down just to make sure I get it right. Because yesterday my Alzheimer's kicked in. Plus I was suffering my QM allergies real bad. I'm coming back from vacation. But that the other stripper, she said, how can I, that's how we're going to do it. I can't find it. How can I spin this to my best advantage? That was exactly what she said. How can I spin this to my best advantage? In other words, getting off whatever charge she had pending against the herd, being the Alolye life that she probably is, or maybe, who knows? So, where's the credibility? Where's the beef? There are some things she's full of crap. So she just made it up and now she's embellishing it. Oh my god, how can they dare let these slime balls off? What they did to her? Oh, now they're showing the picture of this diver. You see this guy? And I'm gonna say, he hits the abort. Oh, all the things. Oh, no. They're going to show that how many thousand times today? About 30 men. Oh, man. I hate when that happens. Don't you? No, whatever. Wow. I hate when they're in K. I can't stand that. But there's Mrs. Limbaugh on there pretending to be like some objective year-in-list. Man, we used to like her a little bit. And now we hate her like poison because it probably rubbed off. This before the break. This is the most bizarre thing I gave you a little of this before the show today. Just like Claire Bell gave us a little of his BSB before the show. By the way, Josh, go in there and look at his ass. What? So I'm serious. How much do you want to do in? And then rant and rave and carry on and just start screaming and the waving your arms and Flop it around like crazy person. I'm gonna have to. Good. I think you said he made you good offer. No, we did. And this is over now. This is over now. This is over and above was on the table before. No, it's the same offer. It's a good offer. A different. No, I want you to get more. Tell Neil says, unless you get more, he's not coming into tomorrow. I need more. Really? Oh, don't go. I can't even handle that. I guess we're gonna have to do the break first because otherwise get way behind. But that thing with the diver hitting his head on the board. Oh, man. Why do they do that to us? What is wrong with new people that are seeing in? Let's see it again. This is a meal Roger. And again, this is 516. Neil, God. I have strong confidence in God and Russell. I hear the voices, but I'm the decideer. And I decide what is best and what best is God and Russell, who remains a secretary of defense. Well, me staying here. I'm not gonna jump them. I don't care what anyone says. I ain't gonna bump them. You want me to act and for screwing up our act. But I'm gonna keep them. We're staying on my track. I know I've kept changing who shoots his own buddies. I know that New Orleans is still pretty muddy. You say I'm a moron for a premodana, but I'm the commander. I do what I want. I'm the decideer. I don't have to think straight. I don't care to say you're not gonna stop me. I'm the decideer. I'm keeping money. I will decide and keep on dividing. The mindset final decision. And on Rumpspill is doing a fine job. Fine job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. You're going to hang in the hand of the man. You're going to blow your hand. If I get you the most important job in the country. I do. Look at all that, old man. We're getting your hand all red okay. We're still holding your hand. STREN<|zh|> AKS Lutter Let me tell you. catcher on standing room only seats. You can't really call those seats now, can you? Well, it says seats in quotation marks. Airbus has been quietly pitching the standing room only option to Asian carriers, though not if it's agreed to be a bit agreed to yet. Passengers in the standing section would be propped up against the padded backboard, come like a surfing in the air. How are the place with a harness to connect for two-seat proposal? But short of that option, carriers have been slipping another row or two of seats in the coach by using strong, related materials that allow for slimmer seat backs. The third seats theoretically could be used to give passengers more legroom, but in practice the airlines have been keeping them out of space between rows the same to accommodate additional rows. No words are much a grave robber, they want you a money. They're not going to even more legroom. The result is an additional six seats on a typical Boeing 737 for total 156 and as many as 12 new seats on a 757 for total 200. The development result from several factors higher fuel costs higher fuel costs may get difficult for carriers to turn a profit. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. You and your Saudi buddies, your bunk butt buddies, banned our bush and all-in-bid ladinsman at Fluadahir on 912. The new seat technology alone when used to add more places for passengers could add millions of additional annual annual revenue. The new designs also reduces seats weight bar to 15 pounds, helping fuel consumption. A typical seat in the economy class now weighs 7042 pounds. I got a good idea also. How about like not letting the real super fat people on the plane? I think they already started doing that. Charge an extra? Did they? They started charging by the pound. So once you take your shoes off and your socks, you go through that thing when they swing you and look at you naked, then you got to hop on the scale, okay? Right. So don't be like no that the crap food in the airport before you go through the security because they didn't even like paying extra. When the airlines trimming the size of the seats back in coats, they're installing seats as thick and heavy as ever in first-in business class, thank God, and going to be great lengths to promote them. That's because each passenger in such a seat can generate several times revenue because per week. Like you're a truly man, I'm paying for a lot of your slots out there. I don't fly no coach. Oh my god, the thought of that back there when in Pions, that'd be like going to woodbind and sitting around with all in slime balls that came out there on the TTC on the bus. Oh, just a small of it. A thousand and fifty sixty voices that even knew me yet. And we got ten fifteen. Aren't you excited? Medium. So then go think it's not ten fifteen because I go back to bed. I think I got meningitis. I think you're like stiff neck. You got meningitis. You got meningitis. I was saying meningitis, like one step away from old spices for us being really bad. No, no real man. Not even a make believe man. Like me uses meningitis. No real man. Oh, what I got. I think it's electric shavers. Oh, that's even worse. That's sure what it is. But the use of that green stuff here become a men and I. I quote velvers. I'm going to have no idea what that is. I quote velvers. Not that's okay actually. I quote velvers. I'm not sure what it is. It's green. Oh, green. It looks like it came out of the latrine. I say, I have no five sixty pound five sixty in the horizon. So if I sound a little off my feet, it's because I am in Georgia's like in real bad way. He's ready to make it. He's going to pass out of the floor. Yeah, that's not looking too good. Really? I'm looking at green sound too good. Don't be calling in six tomorrow that this is a build up for that because I just might not participate tomorrow either. That's what's take the day. Gosh, might have to use a show. No, we don't want to get the big bucks. That's right. What can we do? New deal going. That's right. Oh, I hate this song and I hate Dave Loggins too. Okay, this song? I, not only did I not like it, but then I heard it way too many times. Exactly. These come to Boston for springtime. No. I'm staying here with some friends. Yeah, let's meet at the, uh, what tells the, uh, my Quincy market? What do you say? They've been to the Quincy market? No, they've been to the city. It's some of that good childhood. Some of them great clam strips. Mmm, man. Good food and Boston man except the, uh, I'll say it again. I know a lot of people can pee over. I say it, but it's true. The Italian food and the North End. Highly, highly overrated. North End of a Boston's supposed to be really great at Italian food. Forget about it. Socks. And I've tried several of those different establishments. They're just, uh, not good. Nice good man. It's crap. You want really good at Italian food, well. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon's singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. QAM. You can go ahead and eat Canada. Yeah, there you go. I know it. It's me, my name, I can't. Very good, Palia. I know you can do it. I knew you could spit it out. And I'm sure wouldn't be the first time. Look at that full man. Is that thing with aphalachahonicobosher? Nothing. That is a doornal. Our goal is to take 4,000 calls to the, I guess they're probably can't do that guy to call it earlier. About his radio accident with Boogan, uh, Chris Moran. That was one of our stellar calls. That was good. I like the other gas prices guy best. The gas prices guy, the guy's probably going through. I'm just going through my exon. That's going to bring me a guy. If everybody just waits, his door is going. Where? Chain facts. I think I wonder about this phone now. Okay. Start out get a little bit nervous about this phone. WQAM, hello. We can all say please say. It puts back Quinn in the basket. Yeah. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound 5. Sistered neighborhoodizing singular wireless line. You ain't no Pat Quinn, Mr. Okay. I guarantee you that. You ain't no mighty Quinn. WQAM, hello. That's really interesting to get paid a million, and the half next year for not working. Yes, sir. I was, I want to call it. Are you talking about, uh, exon, making the record profit. That, uh, bushings number one contributor is campaigns. Uh, what's the prize, huh? It sounds like a lot of, how a burden is making money for a, uh, an alleged pipeline that never got built. It's nothing but a big ditch and they're making a hundred thousand dollars every second or something like that. That was, it just, it's unbelievable to know. Yeah, they're great. they seem to enjoy it. They like that pipeline deal that they were trying to push with the Taliban. That's right. Well, it's gonna be the Taliban. Remember we are supposedly all done within the week. We got rid of them. They killed a 4 Canadians over there in Afghanistan. Peacekeepers over the weekend for more dead because the Taliban are out of control again. Not the Canadians. Anything but the Canadian. Exactly. Anything but those dangerous Canadians. And according to the audience out there, man, they're dangerous. What's country represents the world's greatest threat today? 127 votes in USA, 460. They're in a league of their own. Iran, 169. I mean, Iran, 169. Got to say it right now. China 146, North Korea 106, Saudi Arabia 56, as in Q56. Maybe if we were some Saudi, people would like this better. And then we could start pumping effl. Are you doing it? I'll start. I hate this pool 25. Israel 24. Canada 21. Oh, the dangerous Canadians, man. Are you a Hozor's look out now? Iraq 15, Pakistan 3 and India 3. I say those packing Indians. Is there water kill each other? I'll have a good time. Right. Here's that story about federal immigration authorities arrested 1803. A few due to his other legal immigrants in Florida alone last week. The state's largest roundup in a single week, official say yesterday. The arrest included people convicted of sex offenses, child abuse cocaine trafficking and weapon violations and looking at people cross-eyed. The originally from police's countries, and most eventually will be deported, deported. You know, this whole thing about guest worker program, stop and think about that. guest worker, my ass, you know. What does that mean? We already had it first of all. It's wrong. Yes. Yes. It's a fancy, you know, dolled up name for letting people come illegally and then work and take people's jobs and provide for cheap labor for a bunch of grave robbers. That's all it is. Just another way of phrasing it. Of the 133 arrested, 130 were fugitives who already been ordered reported by an immigration judge. The remaining 53 were also illegal immigrants who have to be present on fugitives were taken into custody. They just have to be at a wrong place. 95 of those arrested in South Florida, 35 in Tampa, 30 in Jacksonville, about 30 men 23 in Orlando. The fugitive operations separate from another ice-led crackdown on employers who hire and harbor illegal immigrant. Those are one out of get the gas. That's right. All these employers that are hiring because they want cheap cheap cheap people. They want to pay a couple bucks more and we had to pay a little bit more for those goods. We sure as hell wouldn't be paying as much as we're paying for that gas. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. I just dropped the CD on the floor. I don't want to do that. It's bad. Oh, and there's a very lengthy article which I wouldn't dreamer reading this because I would take like till midnight. See more hers in the New Yorker would President Bush go to Wardestop, Tehran from getting the bomb. But I do have a couple of paragraphs here. I might just a little a minute. Can I do that? Please. I might do it with him. And there's Port Charlie Sheen. And then Tom Cruise says the birth was really very spiritual. Hey, Tom, get some help. You're crazy person. Oh, here it is to stir about Halliburton. That's why I was searching for. Did I just told the call or about? I know Ben Halliburton project an Iraq could cause nightmares from President Bush and vice president and Chanyev to the failed project. From page treatment is in New York Times. The article begins by describing Arby Inspector's view of a gargantuan trench, which was supposed to be a blimmering achievement in the US rebuilding of Iraq's oil infrastructure. That's where they were going to stick to the issue. The project called the Fatatopipline crossing had been a critical element of the 2.4 billion dollar no bid reconstruction contract that Halliburton subsidiary had won from the Army in 2003. The spot where about 15 pipelines crossed the Tigris River had been the main link between Iraq's rich northern oil fields and the export terminals and refunaries that could generate much need to gasoline heating fuel on revenue for the Iraqis. For all of those reasons the project's demise would seriously damage the American letter to restore the oil system and enable the country to pay for its own reconstruction. But the pipeline in Al-Fatat, Fatat, whatever it is, has a wider significance as a metaphor for the entire $45 billion we building effort in Iraq. Although the failures of that effort are routinely attributed to insurgent attacks that examination of the project shows that trouble decision making and executioner play equally important roles. The project went ahead despite warnings from experts that it could not succeed because the underground terrain was shattered and unstable kind of like our management, unstable. It continued chewing up astonishing amounts of cash when the predicted problems bothered to work down with a contract allowed cruise to charge as much as a hundred thousand dollars a day as they waited on standby. You got that hundred thousand dollars a day while the we're going to kind of hang in there now. This phasing needle Rogers. This is 560 QA. No! 15 Goldstein. But you can call me Calvee. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour. The one in the production comes the cutest little Arabs you've ever seen. Arifat Abdula, Jerusalem and Little Jericho 102 Palestinians. This time the wicked Purlabarak is trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy West Bay homes. It's one explosive situation after another with all those Palestinians scrambling for cover. Don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature. 102 Palestinians now showing and theaters everywhere. Can't wait, 12th of a day. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. Saturday, this Saturday is QA's NFL Draft Party with a mad dog at Hooray's in Pembroke Pines. Joined Jim Manage along with Joseph Gackie and a big O. For all your draft day cover, Joined us at the Hooray's in Pembroke Pines. QA's NFL Draft Party this Saturday starting at 10 a.m. Presented by Heinrichen. Heinrichen. So see more Hirsch writes in the Yorker, the Bush administration while publicly advocating diplomacy or to stop Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon. As increased time-destin activities inside Iran intensified planning for a possible major era attack. QA and former American military intelligence officials said that Air Force planning groups are growing up list of targets and teams of working combat troops have been ordered into Iran under cover. To collect targeting data to establish contact with any government ethnic minority groups. The officials say President Bush has determined to deny the Iranian regime the opportunity to begin a pilot program plan for the spring to enrich uranium. American and European intelligence agencies in the IAEA agree that Iran is in 10 and 10 on developing the capability to produce nuclear weapons. But there are widely different estimates of how long middle-taking weather diplomacy sanctions or military action is the best way to prevent it. Iran insists that its research is for peaceful use only in keeping with the nuclear non-polarforestation treaty and that it will not be the later de-turd. There's a wrong conviction among members of the U.S. military and the international community that President Bush's ultimate goal in the nuclear confrontation with Iran is regime change. Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmad-Ajad, say, I keep trying to pronounce Ahmad-Ajad whatever his name is, and it sounds the reality of the Holocaust and that Israel must be wiped off the map. Bush and others in the White House view of a potential aid off Hitler, a former senior intelligence official says, that's the thing they're using. They say, well, Iran gets strategic weapons and threatened another world war. And it's a one-former potentially off Hitler and the U.S. why not one Iran, right? Right. The balance. A government consultant with close ties, here's the best part. A government consultant with close ties to the civilian leadership in the Pentagon said that Bush is absolutely convinced that Iran is going to get the bomb if not stopped. He said that with the President's said, believes he must do what no democratic republican elected the future would have the courage to do, and that is saving Iran is going to be his legacy. Well, one former defense official who still deals with sensitive issues for the Bush administration says that the military planning was premised on a belief that a sustained bombing campaign in Iran would humiliate the religious leadership and lead the public to rise up and over through the government. He added, I was shocked when I heard an ask myself, what are they smoking? And it goes out of here. It's not a last time. See more Hirsch. Probably can't a sunny Hirsch? I'm sure. And crazy legs, Hirsch. 560, 560. Let's get those phones smoking, baby. What are they smoking? That's what they want to know, because we want some of it. And 560, the Verizon singular, why was lying? Can we come here with my any? Look at that thought man. I don't understand. Spastic when that format of leg cases up against that's going to kick us off again. Really weak this week. Well, of course, yesterday it was Bell South. He heard that the Terrible, that's song events. Well, that was Bell South. What about anything else? You know, in terms of what are we screwing up? Name it. Anything you can name. You're doing it. You're doing it, Joe. And we're waiting for this phone to grow like Spastic here. And we're waiting for this phone to grow like Spastic. There it is. There it goes. Although it's coming there. Just one out again. Two a.m. Hello. Yes sir. Follows that really. Yes. How you doing? Maybe you a judge will help me out. The movie in the 70s that was about a car. But everybody tried to stop and then dropped the crashing against the bulldozer. A car that everybody tried to stop. Right. The driver is on the car. I believe it was a call car. Part 54 were you. Yeah. Which one? I have no idea. I know. I know. Do you know what? I'll take it. George is going to put on this thinking. Nobody will call. So they will call it until it's okay. That should be your biggest problem. Car, I'm moving this to the 70s. The phone is flying a slash now. There was just for one second there. I thought we were right back to where we were going yesterday. It made me be. Bell South was going to like mess with us again. I think we had a su their ass is what I think. Oh, gee. That would be wrong somehow. Yeah. I'm saying they tried to do a talk show. The phone is our bread and butter. I mean, this is the meat and potatoes. The bread and butter. The whatever. The catch me out. And, you know, the worse basically whatever the hell they get their act together. Over there. Not so much, and of course, all the times that we've heard the Bell South people tinkering with it. You know, when I'm talking about over the years, when we hear that sound. It ain't a little bit. I think you were just being paranoid. No, I was not. I was absolutely not. They hate me like poisedly. I hate you. Do you think you're not. Do you think I'm right? I'm sure. WCWAM. Hello. Hey, it was for all right. Right. I'm telling where to look. WCWAM. Hello. Yes. Hey, Neil. Do you ever ask, uh, my go for a public and what he thinks about the whole Jewish bush thing? I don't know. Publicers. No, I don't know any Republicans. I don't know. Your public is good, man. No, right. They're fair. Anyways, right? No, okay. 560, 560. You're fair. I mean, Verizon's singular wireless line. WCWAM. Hey, Neil. How are you? I'm you talked about the story about the 76 year old guy in coconut creek that was arrested from personating a doctor. Yeah, he was, uh, that was on our website over the weekend. He was going house to house doing breast exams. Thank you. The craziest part of the story is that he convinced two women to let him into their apartment and then accept their restart of the examination. Then they realized he wasn't a doctor. Yeah, what a pair of boobs. Hey, man. I love you so. And the whole is a post. Hey, pal. Well, I all you guys out there at a board. Maybe not, you know, we got laid off or whatever. Or laid. Just go house to house and start to impress exams. We've been a little bit of a dirty 60 year old food. Actually, I stuff that story on their in the middle of your stories. I don't know if you've seen it. Or I talked about it, so. Did you? But you can write on the site. I just said it twice. I did. Yes. Why don't you pardon? I did. I remember you said it once. I didn't want to kiss you, Mr. Okay. I think a couple of men here are a while of the invocation because Josh would have no way. He wouldn't know where they were coming from. Would you? Of course. Yeah. No. I just because it had my email on it. That'd be the hint. That's yeah. That's okay. I did. Just shut it on the safe side. I knew you were doing a fine job and probably sending him way too many bedtime stories. Anyway, way too many. That was. Did you let you again? Actually, he was a rather chill. Really? Oh, wait. What is this? There's quite a few of them on there. That was Saturday. Well, I was to make up for Sunday they didn't send any. I was kind of shocked when I looked at that. Then I stood the ones from Monday and Josh got all paranoid and put the, well, anyway, you people are very lucky. You don't know how lucky you are. The prices were like a day ahead of time. We had stories about things that hadn't even happened yet. 5, 6, 7. Oh, I believe a little more oil on the market. Really a little more oil on the ground. A little more oil on your little oily buildup. Blasty buildup on your forehead. So the booster was on it with Christina Moran. Man, that's really sad. I feel so bad about that. Trailer. You know what they thought I say about this like, missing brick or something. It just, just something not there. I don't know what it is. Just like that this is nothing to the meds games. And I'm tired of hearing Josh courtists in Hanko, where both of them, media will sign it in. He made the wrong choice. Okay. I can't make choices for other people. But I'm just telling you right now, as somebody who's a long time person in this business and sports person, and whatever else, that's the wrong decision. Van. Spud a your crap. Somebody QAM. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, let's move to that guy. I was one of the no-baths called Vanishing Point. Vanishing Point? There you go. Thanks, Rod Pally. Yeah, you got it. Sam, were that quick or what? That was quick. I don't know what's happening now. Vanishing Point, never seen him. I hear it's about a guy that runs in with bulldozer. Yeah, but don't tell me hard ends. Oh. Did you see it? Yeah, that's all those card chase movies when I was a kid. Ah, time to rest. I know not for you. Come on, you QAM, hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The guy just said it. Vanishing Point was a name of that movie. Okay, thanks. I hear it was Vanishing Point. Is that what you heard? See now all of that we had like a million people calling it and tell us that. I hear it was Vanishing Point was over the guy was looking for it. I give these people good movies to watch. Like the man who wasn't there, the your cone brothers movie. And I don't care what you say. It's a fine movie. It's fine. It's fine. Is the right word for it. Okay, look. If you're looking for car chase scenes and adventure and high drama or movie. That's not it. Any movement on the part of the actress. Any side of life. Yeah. Well, that's the whole idea. He played that role. No. I know. I did man in a barber's outfit and basically he was. Yeah. And then, of course, later, it's very into the movie. He was a dead man in a different seat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6 to leave. Right. And singular white as lying. It is low Francis. We dormant. She's great. She could just be on it. Same thing. I would get a big kick out of it. She's just so good. The performance and raising Arizona might be. I've got to go on this day. What do you think? Would I like it? Yes. If you don't like it, you don't have a sense of humor. Well, I've got a great sense of humor. Look where I work. WQAM. Hello. Hello. We'll say my check showed up a day early yesterday. Nice going. Hi. Go. Hello. Next pay the again. Clarence. Hello. QAM. Hello. That's her. Oh, still? He's not both lines. He's got a cell phone at her. I see. Hello. Hello. You know, it's not that. A lot of people are just curious. And yeah, yeah, yeah, go back into the middle of the pivot position. Okay. So we are back into the pivot position. Take your pants down to your knees and cut the crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6 to the Verizon and SIGITOR wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I'm driving through downtown Miami. And it is all these signs. Like a park around full of police cars. They have like the Holy Security trailer. They're doing something called Operation Difference. I was hoping that Gary Chatton tried to ask you out yesterday evening to eat. Or we could, I really don't drive this through this part of town. Much of it. And I was wondering what was going on. They're taking away the immigrants, prostitution, drug dealers, there's a... I hear something. We from. Well, that's probably it to probably the illegal alien side hide until the coast is clear. All the illegal aliens are taking out of the South Florida. How many people are going to be left? About 30 men. Are we talking about? And it's just, just another excuse to go randomly through and start picking up the way through and start picking and choosing. Oh, we don't like the way you look. We don't like your last name. It's just ridiculous on the face of it. They screwed up for all these years. And now they're going to like make it right. There's no way to make it right. How are they going to be port 15, 20 million people? I keep saying 11 million. It's just a number they made up. You know, it's a little ball. How are they going to do that? Do what? The port 15 or 20 million people. First of all, who are they going to pick? Obviously only the ugly ones. Don't be toward anybody. All this good. Huh? Like I said, all of them. Well, no, no, no, no. I don't go along with that. Don't be deported. Anybody, let's real good. I'll even let you choose the women. How's that? All right. Okay. See, we just got a new immigration policy. All right. You look real good to us. We'll be the committee committee of three and we'll vote on it. If you look really, really hot, then you can stay for a while. Until we're done with you. And then you're out. Till you're well worn. Like that pivot man. A kid that was on a phone a little while ago. Probably taking a little breather. The woman is passing in at five, 60 WDQM Kim Bo Kamper. Forget about this silly stuff we're talking about. We got the important. We got the heat stuff from last night. Oh, yeah. And the icy hot sleeve. And then we got the NFL draft coming up. I think most got something up his sleeve. And then we got mad dog for the seven Curtis is seven to seven thirty. It gets only half hour because the Marlon games at the peak game seven thirty. Marlon's at the cup is at a five where they blew the game right down the toilet last night in the eighth inning. And it he came follows Marlon's baseball. What a poor Eddie. What do you ever do to deserve that? I think the only thing worse than that is following the panther games when you agree Josh. Yeah. Oh, what are they eating folks? That's the mystery. Don't tell us till we come back from the break. I bet you it's, um, I don't say it. How is it? No? Not melting pot again. Uh, John the Baker. Somebody that doesn't advertise on our show. Oh, don't tell us. What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long. And from what they're telling me man, it's already harder than he is. It's only the 25th of April. You've got months and months of heat and humidity. And if your conditioning is an in time shape, you're going to be schvitzing your brains out even if you don't know what that means. So how about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner, the five star Additionally, carrier infinity system. And to make things even better for you, you can get this fat with a system for more ice air and heat would have been taken care of track County area families for three generations. And as a carrier factory authorized either more skier and tees, you're 100% satisfaction. And their guarantee is backed by carrier the people invented air conditioning in the first place. And it not come up with this new carrier infinity system that actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted self for maximum efficiency. And as far as your corridor conditioner is concerned, to maintain maximum efficiency on at the old joint of Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club. To I see your that'll inspect into and up your system. You'll enjoy a party same day service if you have any problems and 10% off any needed repairs as well. All this all of these things were just 110 bucks a year. So what do you choose the two speed infinity system of pure on or peace of mind with a comfort club either way make the Royce choice. That's the smart way to go. Tell me old Neil told you call toll free Royce Air and Heat 1-800-3770-7075. 1-800-377075 make the smart choice the Royce choice. This is Neil Roger. What solid this is 516-815. Bitch coming up tonight on inside of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They came by their name rightly. They were the cops. The cool for slid by E.N.S. 3. Oh, E and good make it. But I'm a cold representative. Would you like to take a free test of your personality? Whoa, hold on. Just 500 questions. It will only take you three hours. I don't think so. Do you ever feel like you might like to be healthier or make more money? Oh, come on. Who doesn't ever thought of that? I see. So you're just satisfied with life. No, look. And there's a film presentation. No. I don't want to welcome to the church of Aspera. Take control of your life by doing exactly what we say. And to be as much of your money as you possibly can. I'm out of here. We have a runner. We have our runner. The cops run away. Run away. It's a big church. He's stopping. We're like a child. And I'm inside the line. Stop. She can't stop you. Go. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. There we go. There, it's a live. We have no rules to show theorie. We have no rules to show theorie. When you call the train you go a swimsuit meinen. 20 pass.LAUGHTER. If you've episode about that. Your story though. I've had to go on an engine Have you ever heard who you were when I was a girl? second because he was over there in a was it Brandon I was spent some time over there in Brandon probably a little bit too much probably stopped in at what's that place that place now the fast food joint over there oh my god every fast food joint that's ever been created I'm talking about with it that we don't have in South Florida with the oh oh hard so sorry well they're the crystal down here sonic it might be thinking of they have sonic in the Dunniton hardies hardies they don't have down here we don't have Harvey's though you got that here you don't have Tim Horton and you don't have Harvey's a you know I'm so much a Dunniton dad probably made his point about his sunspending too much time on the computer Penelis sheriff that if you say he shot at the monitor is the sun set nearby just like uh... fun reliable forty four year old Joseph Langham Dürfer was arrested yesterday of known as home on frances street in the lead is twenty two year old son Tim I keep in mind this is over at a west coast of Florida so it may sound a little bit old to be sure that your son's computer when he's twenty two called nine eleven saying he was dead were arguing his dad just shot at him the order Langham Dürfer reportedly told deputies he was mad that his son hadn't done the laundry was spending all this time playing games on the computer he told deputies that although he told his son he was going to shoot the computer that got accidentally fired was an accident and nobody got hurt set the computer oh not the bullet actually hit the wall about three feet from where the kid was sitting well twenty two the on man Langham Dürfer is now in the appell scottie jail charge with the one kind of attempted murder accused of trying to kill a son of the computer like that because he was watching too many videos don't just think it's a little bit too old twenty two to be playing too many video games huh yeah but it's right now I play video games but I said it's a little bit too old to be playing all them video games on there twenty two do something a little more productive okay brought their in like sign up for the apiece core brought their in protest in march in demonstrate and uh... something or go to casino and lose your ass who the hell was telling me so I better not say it don't want to get that sales department all been on the ship in the sea if you say anything it gives them a convenient excuses they don't need any excuses because they're already in it so not saying about certain uh... because you know sorry south lord of what i speak and that don't let me forget that's the heart of tomorrow is it going to be june or july but when we get in the slots going in those joints pop at all and hollywood greyhound danyah high line and golf stream those are the four we got a thousand ninety of ohsaw rates that even twelve thirty yet this this is a sign which you take this is a sign from god yeah that uh... actually got a slip moral you better not call in sick tomorrow you just on vacation we can't right no yeah but monday was a holiday that it's a because i'm planning on maybe coming to tomorrow but about it all the way and feeling about better i will get this morning i will show you we have a band but i didn't have a sore throat you know now all of a sudden i guess the bacon kinda clean that out boy there's nothing like uh... what nothing just doesn't sound a great well i mean it was good now what are you eating there from uh... i can't even i'm not from Tony's is it yeah oh why do we want to play him when we got to uh... john the baker you're gonna get you're going to get somebody really upset i'm telling you right now no no yeah all that i'm a stripping yeah i know 24 pass no we want to get a million calls on between now and two o'clock we're like uh... going for the genius book of records we've actually had a couple i made some sense that they were kind of cute worth it the other word couple okay calls and of course the usual drugs five six seven or five sixty pound member he was our former g m remember him drag read and pound five sixty on the horizon see the wireless lines i i know who's online six of my psychic powers i guarantee how much you out of bed about the keway and hello and you know i was born if you got a chance talk about all these idiots that are stopping in the middle of my amy's busy is interceptions because they want to try and make that you know that next life you know i was wondering if there was anything else we could do put beat them down you know to the two of the day i'm sure first i see somebody better read the bulldovo and i'm sure first that's the one of the long list of people who allowed to shoot they uh... you know interfere with your life if they represented thread or a danger to you just shoot him and you just to scrape off the road if any idea what he's talking about no need to see five six seven just destruction reaching for a little material which i i'm telling you that's when i'll retire is when i feel that finally somebody himself ordered got some material because obviously the uh... uh... don't but you'll be on the air long probably on the air till i croak that's what uh... your buddy Joe bell was saying this morning and you show us something okay beside your back oh yeah do a little something for us and then maybe we'll consider extending it besides somebody side by foot toward your butt he's just so out you know i'd normally had him summed up real well as i said he's so out of the loop that it's kind of scary out of the loop get him some fruit loops pollen l a member pollen l a who's always vaccinated he says that it was also a movie the seventies called the car would james brolin the driver was never visible and supposedly the car was possessed slash driven by a demon or barbers or stri-son if i remember i've been james brolin was also when the amity bill horror member right didn't see the amity bill who were yes out of the car i didn't like it if i remember correctly brolin was used a bulldozer destroy the car i think so that might have been a car with james brolin let's go with that was the one it was vanishing point two to one so far p s watch reclum and never for the hundred time over the weekend thanks to the great movie recommendation hey Paul and l a watch uh... the man who wasn't there with princess mid-dorman and billy buff thorton and james gandle fimi don't be a wini watch james gandle fimi in uh... the man who wasn't there and what's the other one the forgotten i got to see that for the i think you might uh... like you saw me sent it to yeah this is the d this is the db is got like twenty different ending zidia's way more than pick out which everyone would like to best i'd like one i mean that that's to me is just so ass and i you know the way we like writing a book with like ten different and so you can sell ten different versions of the only difference being uh... these people can't make it more money on it because it's still all on one db d and right and speaking of db ds i don't want to stir the pot uh... it's kind of a wood point anyway wasn't supposed to be me is it this time up uh... next month that to she was coming out with a new hd db d player to the heard because it was originally going to be April nanny of side of what is no db ds going to be put up until may so i should be uh... rush it you know so i guess it's coming up maybe in a couple weeks i think it was made twelve something like that i better keep my eye peeled man not a great dispersion keep your eye peeled boy and it is that would um... for that new hd dd d and then of course the i mean the movies that they said that were coming out on really suck you know like i had not thought that i saw that that man begins one you saw it yeah but i would i want to see that i don't want to see a period no i don't want to see any of the bad man movies no you don't because if you're a bad man fan and there's one that doesn't even have a robin and how can they have bad man without robin but think there's only one that does have a robin so like i said so where's the credibility and that's what it was and that's what it was the worst one of all what's of those movies have to do with that man it was just word that is pedophile that's why it was bird ward right every now and i see some of those old bad man reruns here on the like nickeludian channel or what those oldies channels you know they showed us a lot the old bad man right there was a great series never did get through that movie did you oh i forgot about that i still got it what's it well how can you get through it listen it's a movie with a movie just just bear through the uh... i'm not a part can i like fact you can i like it oh yeah so actually get through that really crap yes because they got these fake Batman and robin people on air fake uh... bird ward and fake uh... at a west and it's so it's not a wrist and so corny i mean you know the show was corny but corny and entertaining way apart of the movie i watch was corny and a very pondress way as kc would say really pondress so i decided to just fast forward to the left order to the get to the flashback parts the part where uh... robins were in the real tight tights right twenty nine past noon a q a a this is real robins to sell this is five sixteen two eight beyond this week on hb oh the gays of granos oh my god the choni what you do when if you get some work people i'm gonna get a pedicure that i'm gonna see broke back my whoop with a fifteen time because that's not gonna be in theaters forever and trust it hey you got a boy there you i needed a show to your grandmother that looks gorgeous thank you Tony you're so thoughtful the gays of granos you'll check it out i got my back here manicured into the shape of a ha lambda Iель Music Steve, it just ain't today morning of visual mutual, the Bam. Yeah, the Paul. Yeah. Well, through the 초. Yeah. What's the idea of the next pick onова? Probably acuase coming out, chapter 2, when I was plus. Do you predict clusters, S Staties? Come on up. Okay. Wait. How much is coming out of zero bottle? That maybe we showed. Man, they should have got some line up on there. Now, okay, between sunshine, what's your name? You're solely dead, and the space sky miles are Brian, the O'Brien twins, and Petal Brian, and then they got, Oh, she's not on now. They got the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, how did it have you, the, the, why? Why? Why not. Don't forget DHHHON. Well., nothing to say, I don't know. Mustang. Ben. có暗 Mad 철ne, Jim. Ben. 99 way ahead of the rest in fact I think I had almost almost the rest put together damn year I ran 189 China 162 I ran lots of bomb and we say you can't have it how do you like that you can't have it oh you want it here here's one you can't have it China 162 here's a bomb for you and here's another one North Korea 112 Saudi Arabia 65 well you better get on to them schmatha his man you better go watch turn had nine eleven again better watch it over and over I wouldn't be surprised if it's on my cable right now might be there it's making around like your godfather was there for a while good thing that Josh got to see godfather three and stop being influenced by your proper proper improper gander but there's a lord's in dog town is that any good pretty good escape oh that's what your buddy my buddy somebody think they're gonna put him in from from from the all of us the amel heresh oh he's in it he is a screamer anyway lords a dog town it says about a super kid turned skates you see that you know I saw the commercial for it I should see it as a skateboarder yeah and they finally at least shave all that schmooks off his chest anyway he looks oh yeah he looks okay for a screamer what else we got on digressy high that's the Canadian kids of we want venomous oh that's the story of across the street venomous they would do anything to hurt us uh... always that girls are strong medicine masterminds the stranger within the sounds very ominous don't it stranger within unscreened to be a blood murderous tendencies credit convince woman that he's her law all that's uh... the stranger within kich action and rich shorter oh well that's not the one what the hell was the name of that movie that's not the kich action was near that remember that one about the strings of the kid in the bathtub we just talk about that before vacations it's the same story line the same thought although that could wasn't murdering anybody is anybody getting a good that version kich action maybe i doubt it no why she doesn't get naked though i'll be damned tear on the beach i'm actually getting a good let's see what tear on the beach and commercial don't you know the day the earth stood still that's great movie come full of tyquando that's all uh... that that's all that's what i'm getting all what is that chronicling the life and achievements of alberto jica jaccomente it's the boy strings looking uh... creature danger on the air or that must be about to show okay so that's not my menu got some bits of a no-for-night on the level because i would play the audio the rest of the show these people need to go with it with the sound is about the sixty six on the pool they should be way up there near the top uh... i hit this pool twenty eight can't have a twenty seven of course very dangerous Canadians a israel twenty seven i rack fifteen pack of stands for in in geolony three since one thing there you don't have a whole bunch of packies and Indian people we don't know you do not and surely don't have anywhere near the number of oriental people that we have like here oh my goodness oh man i think we are like seventy five different china towns they've got all those remember i talked about all those herbal things they got the shark the tiger tooth and the tiger's right law and tiger balls uh... i don't know for his balls all these other things man caccamemia remedies caccamemia two by the way ancient chinese secret yellow keeping secret five six seven five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon secret of rattle slime uh... when the theft and conspiracy trout a former state school superintendent Linda Shrekow begins in the land in federal court this week in the mark would be the final chapter of the story of a history making politician went from a rising star in the republican party the facing decades in federal prison franco is accused of dealing more than six hundred grand in federal education money in part of paper a field can't by the way just you the story well as i've a case about the gun was constant who put his daughter for sale to get money for home improvements no i'll let's see together i don't know about a second boy it's an idea for you well one of those figures here uh... she's accused of stealing more than six hundred grand in federal education money apart to pay for a field campaign for governor facelift and a facelift duration of the begins today at the rich and be rustle federal building in the lander travel make the former august area teacher juridist most high-ranking elected official in decades to face such a serious charges it seems like every few years as a state lawmaker who bice the dust at university george of political science and shells block i wonder if he's can't change a block i hope not but in terms of a statewide officer she may well be the first release of first the law cendro block i'll call up at a james table on hope yeah go see him no more thank god now speaking of the celebrities actor charlie sheen over the weekend and i charges from his estranged wife actors in these Richards that he had been abusive well i'll teach her to marry a talk like him anyway when you think yeah denied charges he had been abusive toward her and their daughters and he had threatened to kill her i move forward to maintain my integrity and focus on my children she told the entertainment tonight co-anchor mark sign is what was named is interview for the paramount pictures program to be at equal twenty four ther was yesterday mr dammit on Friday sheen was ordered to keep at least two hundred feet away from merchants and their two young daughters after the abuse allegations were made of court papers the restrain orders the latest chapter in the storm marriage between you know will be was on the other day that was then and this is now didn't watch it because i seen it like eighty times you know who's in it all the all the punk actors there see time is how i'm i'm in the ester vests right um who's the one with the disunken in ice i don't know a crash effort not delivered and maddela and Tom Cruise i believe is in that too i was there that was when he was straight for everything was straight it was no the restraining orders the latest chapter in the storm marriage between sheen i just mentioned i could see me do ester vests his brother somehow a one-time playboy model actress Richard study five of all four to four so i'm in last December after less than three years of marriage sheen star of the cbs hit tv series two and a half men he's probably the half told entertainment tonight which is fighting is a heinous document efficient he's probably in it uh... those uh... famous heinous cofies i'm deeply said because this is clearly demonstrating a warning and willful attempt of what i describe as a radical and transparent smear campaign and clearly departure from sound same responsible co-parading sheen said or he sounds like a real like a lucky daddy like a real intellectual steady is uh... he's got his heart and a right place good liberal guy but he ever since the park i'll have to say that you know yeah i have to really watch that i said it to you tonight yeah no you don't have to watch it you do it the robber who all seen is the only in the i want to see it and a lot of it is good sheen was reacting to Richard's written declaration that she could no longer accept his abusive and threatening matter and must have him from the cycle of his views toward me and our children continued threats of violence and statement cities been a kill me Richard's is the only one entirely capable of putting these radical allegations out of republican consumption by children's who had sheen said Richard's also led sheen said it back to martin sheen abuse prescription drugs gambled compulsively frequented prostitutes and like to look at pornography on a minute our kind of guy is new this is five sixteen two a that's only twice as respected and it's re-dollar the down by the start of the summer but guess what they're close to that or even higher in some areas right now this down like it's going to be four hours this summer maybe i don't know is he some of the driving season just taking a road trip in an SUV's going to be an expensive proposition a strongly agree control dramatically hired it's a yes There you go. You're not rather heard of that. You're not rather heard of that. You're out there. Oh, right! But not too much of it. Come 47 at 5 or 60WQM. So anyway, speaking of well, I'll stand a celebrity thing. Okay, because they're all really boring to me. Speaking of movie star Tom Cruise, he was in Rome to promote his latest Blackbuster yesterday, but his main mission was to rush back home to his bride to be Kenny Holmes. Oh, you're fair! And, baby daughter and resume diaper duties. What was that name? I said about duty this morning. What's up with that? It's hard to help duty. It sounded like he's some gratuitous duty to me. How come he has a married diaper all year? Who, Hank? Yeah. Cruise told a news conference in Rome ahead of the world premiere of Mission Impossible 3 that he would cut short as European promotional tour. Also scheduled for Gay Perry, the city in which he and Holmes were engaged ten months ago. I mean, this whole thing, you know, do you buy it now? Oh, believe me? No. Where we did it? Yeah, there's a baby here, do you believe it? Oh, but nobody believes it. Even he doesn't believe it. It was everything we wanted to be and more, Cruise said that the birth last week of Surrey was really very spiritual. Uh, what if that was the Surrey with a fringe on top? The Hollywood A list of suggestions that he wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty. Oh, I mean, that would be the first time. Rectom. I changed your first he said. I changed that for all the time. I have to tell you why I love it. We have a whole system worked out. It's the B and B. She does the breastfeeding. I do the bumping and the burping and changing the diaper. That's teamwork is fun. She does the breast the business and he does the burping business. Cruise has two older children that he's adopted during his fake marriage to actress Nicole Kidman. 13 year old is a valiant 11 year old conner. Surrey was his first biological child. That's what it says here. I don't that's not for me. That's what it says here. Part of the film, Mission Impossible 3, was shot in Rome. The city where Cruise and Holmes don't entail. And she wrote at his time. Made first their Republican romance in late April 2005. Spamming for photographers that they David D. Don't tell a word. What's been a lot of tellers have actually judged never right there in the tanker? No, I did a good place. But I don't. I don't. Can you tell me where they are? Go in there and tell them that I said today. Love me. I bet you they remember me there. Don't tell us. Is that right? Who do I ask you? Don't tell them. Yeah. That's a long time ago. He's probably all sleep with the fishes now, you know? Like Luke Abrazzi, poor Luke a man. Very scary guy, but the problem with Luke is he sleeps with the fishes. Look for brush, he sleeps with the fishes. So I heard. How many votes have we got an 1154? We're going to over 1,200 day. During the show. What a feather in our camp, you know? Stick that in your pipe and smoke your choice. Yeah, you bitch. God, we hate you like poison. You're the impediment to our success. I think we ought to sue her personally. Okay. Yeah. I'm serious. I'm thinking of finding a multi-billion dollar lawsuit against US Fitch for impinging and liability to entertain the audience and have a good time here in enjoy my life. I'm probably cropped because of her. So if one of when I cropped, you're, I'm giving you the permission to serve. I'll accept it. We'll avenge your death. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 6, and leave. Verizon and SIGGETAWIRDLINE. George and I are both going to be out SIGGETAWIRD. I think Josh is going to have a hell of a show. Thinking given the all the details about the great new deal he just made with the Joe Bell. Corribal. You're going to do that? No, I'm good. And then you can probably read the whole fine print you new contract. Okay. Yeah. It's fine. Oh, we're fine. Speaking of that, I win. WC, you're in a race and you stay alive. Okay. Look at that. Wow. Somebody keep you way in. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're a big town of the godfather, right? Yeah. You should check out the Sicilian clan. Have you seen it? The one? The Sicilian clan. What word is this man saying? The Sicilian clan. Clarence. Clarence. Clarence. Clarence KLAN. Clarence. Clarence? Clarence. Clarence. Clarence. Okay. Speaking of Rome and Italy, Toledo. No, not Toledo, Italy, Toledo, Ohio. The body of Rome and can I do you know the story already? Because I don't want to like redo it. No. Well, you said you knew about it. Right. Father Robinson. Yes. The body of a Roman Catholic sister found slain in 1980 in a hospital chapel. It appeared to be destroyed and displayed in ritualistic fashion. Her arms and legs straight and no sign of blood. Well, something's got to be straight in there. A fellow non-testified yesterday at the murder trial of the priest accuser killing her. People don't usually die very straight. Especially in the church. Sister Phyllis and Jerole, president of Mercy Hospital. It's the time of the slain testified in the Attribut Reverend Gerald Robinson. He's accused of killing Sister Margaret and Paul. How do you like that? A murdering priest. I wonder if she's related to... Sister Mary Calford. Jesus. Sister Jerole testified without emotion and clip sentence and said her breakfast on the day before Easter 1980 was interrupted by a screaming that she traced to the hospital where she found two or three other sisters in the victim's body. After first impression she responded, the horror of it. I think it was the weirdness of it. And the fact that she needed to be saved and then the afterthought is why the kind of ritualistic kind of layout of a dead body once I learned she was dead. She was lying on the floor and I saw her blood. Her arms were straight. Her legs were straight. Sister Jerole testified. Robinson was not straight because he's a priest. By 60 it is accused of strangling and stabbing Sister Paul 71 in the Chapel at the hospital when they worked together. The priest presided at her funeral mass four days after her death. That's the greatest irony of all of this. He kills at many presides at her funeral mass. Sister Jerole testified that the victim and Robinson would have had regular contact daily arranging out Temple masses. She would have met him interacting with her every time they had a liturgy preparing for it. Setting up for it completing it. Sister Jerole testified. The prosecutor using a mannequin on the court and forward the jumper pulled up around the midsection, arrayed the arms and sister-girls direction to mimic how she found the victim. Oh God, can you imagine a priest in a mannequin in the courtroom? Oh my God. Wow, especially with a mannequin of an altar boy. The hands were closer to the side she testified and asked about the position of the head, sister-girls testified. All I remember is this falling in the face and there was no blood. The prosecutor apologized asked if the victim was gentle, or he was exposed. Yes, sister-girls said. Asked if the victim's breast were exposed, she was spotted. I don't remember that. It may have been a white cloth over that. I can't remember that. I would think she would remember. Prosecutors, despite a percent forensic, and scientific evidence and laying out their case against the priest, testimony during the first week of the trial and the Lucas County Common Face Court. A court will look at blood stains and wounds left by what prosecutors believe was the murder weapon a letter opener found in Robinson's room. The case will be heavily on forensic evidence because there were no witnesses to the crime and happened so long ago. The police have said the killing may have been some kind of ritualistic slaying because a evidence found in the chapel and because the nun's body was forced to look as though she had been sexually assaulted even though investigators say she wasn't. Well, what the hell do you know about sexually assaulted women anyway if you call that a woman? Now you have a lot more to this. But now what why did he do it? Oh, because she criticized him for cutting short. How dare you the Easter Mass? Right. Man, he said she said she shouldn't have done that and he said steps that step. You know, I actually, that one caller, I got to do a little repair work here. I got to put my whole button back on. What moment please? Uh, I'll see. Because I banged it so hard. There you go. Nice job. Thank you. And it lines are still, uh, the other is still there. 560, 560, 560, 560, and it Verizon, so you get a wireless line. But you know, you can talk until you're blue in the face. You know, this is what I was like to do. These people have been brainwashed and say we're little children like village A. Cramer said, and they're going to just keep going and going and subsidize the same crap. And there's nothing you can say. No, there's nothing you can say or do with a year, do do with the people. A lot of us are brainwashed to and we, uh, we use somehow had this strength. But most people are weak. Come, they're not like you guys strong. They're weak. Still a good art. You know, his voice. If it's 1%. They're out there. Never. Almar, Tina was voice in the godfather of the week. You're not talking about it. What the hell? That's right. I think that was really a cause of me. Oh, she likes like a man with no voice or she is really good. I'll tell you if you wonder why nobody watches MSNBC. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 62. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 10. 7. 8. 9. 9. 7. 8. 7. 8. 9. 11. 9. 7. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 8. 7. 9. 9. 7. 7. Stasato's hype, no chance I'd always show it to. I'd rather die with the graphics and yet... Why how have you known I'm a thing? My view from Brooklyn High is... I've been with high a very party but you... You're not high high! We and all this crap would blow. No way that if we had a fight that used to vibe would wanna hear a genetile and push it like that's graphics and yet... Stasato's story's story's about... Stasato's story's about... Stasato's story's about... Stasato's story's about... And so with you and me, for me, is much better since the 10 not-by. It's only right that I should get for sleep, but thanks. I think we might. Be happy, take care, then. Let's rest for a while. Have me to get there. What's happening now? No. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's up? What's going on?! Stop?! Hey! I'm the one being through the bank Wonderful, fellow youth who play am All right A fire of heat Lehrer,工作 and fire كلers Rather than sound free I'm gonna say the yesterday about love train by the O.J. is now is one of the most underrated songs of all time. I would put this in the same category. You don't think so? I like this song. I like this song. It sounds like a baby and a baby full of things he's crazy And I'm gonna dance and dance to the rest of the ring. I don't want my arms, my arms, my arms, my arms It goes and so I'm gonna go I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That is in Lighthouse. That was in Italy. They're smashed. What a shame. They're pretty good. At least I could saw. Maybe they're just a mediocre group with a good saw. I don't know. They're originally with loud fast rules. Really? Really? Where did you hear that? I made that up. Hold it right out of my arms. Hold it out of your ass. I think you're better now. I like trivia. Yeah. I do. I see what it's going to pass out to you. I don't want to hear no crap tomorrow. If I come in here in the morning. If I see bars on that thing. If I see the view is pulsing. That means you're not there. The nausea and the dizziness are coming in waves. Some waves. Yeah. Well, let's do the wave. Okay. For the marlins. We love the marlins. And when's the AC keep on thinking about it? Should keep you going through tomorrow. When's the we get out? Not all that early. But 145. We get a little reprieve there. Because it's a marlin cup day game. And of course the factor around central time. Even though they pay it. They pay it 120. But it's 220 our time. Well, I want my 50 minutes. Let's take it around the same time. All right. What do you say? We have Dave Van Boring do that. Now, alike paring and something to do. Be kidding. We about three times now. Well, our prince Martin was here. .. .. Which loads more people are going to have to help with a yes before they try to punish him. Like on 1997 100% .. .. .. .. .. .. Did a wacky different classic textiles? Yeah. .. Let's see what I might have for one. Alas! Listen! They just shot rich waltz up, man. They tell cancer, I might actually watch it and he or two balloway doubt it. What are we gonna do about this gas thing, man? What are we gonna do about it? But it's a good thing I've got no, it's over four bucks a gallon here, I'll tell you. Take me to your leader. I think he's like about a buck 10 a liter, which is like over four bucks a gallon, that's bad. Yeah. That is really bad. Now the good reason, no come to Canada with your stinkin' car because it cost too much for gas. Got some bad news, speaking of Getskis. Rabbi Emoishe Moses title bomb. The spiritual leader of the ultra-orthodox Jewish sect with tens of thousands of followers worldwide. Oh tens of thousands, man. Oh, guy yesterday he was 91. Oh, there's a picture of me here. He was the worldwide spiritual leader of tens of thousands of satmar house-seed him. The house-seed him, he's got the big head and the long very messy beard. The other night he had the fur hockey puck. Looking at that? No. The referee dora. No, he's got a big go. One of the big hats. Well, you can't really tell because you've always seen the big hat like a sombrero. Like a, maybe he was Mexican. Title bomb, Tidal boom, knee, rebe, or grand rabbi. The rebe? Well, what is that? Did I see an insurator rebe, or grand rabbi, of the satmar house-seed him died amongst sauna hospital, so community leader Isaac Abraham, who was probably close, kind of my grandfather Abraham Solomon. He entered the hospital, March 30th. Not third man. Oh, two minutes spinal cancer, other ailments. Well, he was 91 when you think by then he'd have some tourists to take it. The satmar said, 120,000 followers worldwide, according to social justice Samuel Halman, with large congregations in Brooklyn and the village of CuriosityOS, Joel, 45 miles northwest of New York City. You know, curious Joel? No. Curiosity killed him. Thousands of mourners crammed in a title bomb's Brooklyn synagogue last night waiting for his buddy to brought him to the main sanctuary. Thousands more congregated outside and police sent hundreds of officers to control the crowds. They were all going, boy. Boy. A barrel was immediately follow in CuriosityOS, Joel, under Jewish love that it must be buried as quickly as possible, especially my mother. Title bomb took over the issue of the satmar set because we don't bury him right away. Some of them are so far business. They have a habit of coming back. He took over leadership of the set from his uncle Rabbi Joel Tidal boom, who died in 79. He took the formal title of the Rebbe to follow in year. I had not, to this day, I never realized that the head Rabbi is really called the Rebbe. I thought that would be like that. I thought he learned something to do every day. Wow. May our Michael Bloomberg called title bomb a general soul who carried himself with toys and distinction. Could he use the shave but nevertheless, from the fires of the Holocaust, the Grand Rebbe, and his uncle performed a miracle here in New York, by rebuilding their community to match his glory days in Europe Bloomberg set. Lumbering. And of course, he's objective being the right wing to the area. Lies not in all that right wing. A little bit. Just enough to go. These satmar's emphasized tradition and adhered to a strict dress code, long skirts for women, long black coats, black hats, and long black beards for men. Mirages are arranged in married women, must keep their heads covered. This is starting to sound like they Muslims to me. Yeah, well, you know, anything you're people. I think it's the allergies, what's to get me. Maybe that's what you're ill in from. I don't know. That cavity your man is to spring allergies bad. Either that or maybe the, maybe I'll cut his like poison to the atmosphere. If we're all dying, the sec takes its name from the town of Satsumati and what is not Romania. title bomb was born in Romania. You know, he also has born Romania. I believe Bellalagosi wasn't it? Right. I think so. Google it. I escaped Nazi persecution during WW2, came to the US in 1946. The question of what was succeeded as a spiritual highway nobody said. He said, some old Getsky died in New York. Full of them. Did you rule a Bellalagosi? I'll do it. It's got dates here. I would recommend it would accept the fact that it's very pondressing. I was very same. I'll hungry. He was hungry. Yeah, I Romanian. Well, how do you like that? There is a place called Transylvania, right? There was no it's part of Romania. That's part of our, that's why I got confused. It's part of our Romania. It's not part of Hungary. Although the all the subsequent Dracula movies with all these other fakers, they were from Hungary. Conservative commentator Tony Snow, the likely replacement for a scum account is White House press secretary, played a small but pivotal backstage rule in uncovering the sex scandal, then early set the Clinton presidency. How you like that? Talk about for a vision. Snow who worked as a speechwriter for President Bush's father in the early 1990s if it was White House whistleblower, Linda Tripp to literary agent Lucian Goldberg later helped try to tease out Monica Lvinsky's detailed description of her affair with Bill Clinton, the devil with a blue dress on. Monica in summer of 96, no we'd stopped the Goldberg a long time friend, to go over it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha after tripp called him for hot writing you to tell a, to a tell all book about Clinton. Tony called and say do me a favor talk to our friend of mine who wants to write a book about the White House go over said Friday from a man ahead in apartment. Nothing's sinister I get these calls all the time. I don't even think he's on the head of book in her. Maybe something else in her but not a book. The Fox radio host and occasional rush limbaustand in meaning Tony snow. Uh, or no meaning who was that? Yeah, that's him. It came friends with trippling both work for the older bush. He's an occasional rush limbaustand and he's going to be the press secretary. Just tell you where Fox news was coming from is if there was any doubt, but just you know, trippling clerical worker who shared snow's conservative use remained at the White House after Clinton took office and snow left and yoddi adiada. In 1998 after the Winsky scandal broke snow used his syndicated newspaper comms to praise trips patriotism to denounce Clinton as a crew and a liar and publicized trips claims that Clinton spies were combing her garbage to justify tax audit. I like that. They're coming through a garbage. If you also had a very nice looking son, Linda Tripp. I just mentioned that in past see the things that I remember that sick of my mind. Yeah, that's all it is all right. Just ask me. I'll tell you. Sorry. It's all right. This Saturday is QM's NFL Draft Party. It's okay if you care about the NFL Draft, you're one of those people who has no life. I have no life. I mean, why is anybody? Well, we've got to fight out who the fish we're going to take. Okay. Whatever you say, just another good excuse to get the Wits and so go ahead and have a good time and let you Joshua show up there. You're going to be there? No, I'll be I'll be getting blitz to I'll have like a bar of a cute and how unusual. Well, just a regular one or just an honor of the draft day. Well, it's an excuse isn't it? You know, like a fourth of July. See almost every holiday now is just another excuse to get blitz or after you're out and by somebody present or both. I mean, fourth of July and Labor Day does anybody we need to care about independence and the fourth of July. Of course not. No way Jose and just to play it like in high elite, put a few people's eyes out with some firecrackers and give blitz and go out there in a Bobby Q and cook up seven at meat like really high temperature to make sure you get a good cancer from it. That's right. The same on Labor Day, right? That's right. Anybody care about Labor? We said maybe what's your name, Katie Holmes? Oh, I'm so I just nauseous from it. Yeah, I'm just nauseous period. Yeah. Oh, maybe that's what it is. I could be. Maybe you got the old Tomcat disease. Do you think of that? It's possible. Very positive. That's what we all got. We're suffering from Tomcat syndrome. We're going to switch between not to mention Brandyelina. Oh, I'm overwhelmed by between between the Duke lacrosse team and the chicken of Rubah and the Brandyelina and the Tomcat. We're just drowning in the sea of American crap. That's what's going on. We're just drowning in that. Oh, you can smell it. Back yesterday because last night my throat started like a little, a little iffy, you know, so I went out and I got some halve mentalipsity. The ones Sukho's whatever's got him. No, sand's a sand sugar. Right. I got first the first ingredient that goes like um, sorbitol or multiple of those. What I got over here. A soda type of laborers. Oh, man. Talk about a cleansing. It's the way the blood and the spirit. Because he throws like candy. You know, there's no sugar. And he's just just one after another after another. And all of a sudden, man, you get to a certain point. And that's it. Just it's just like death, I guess. You know what your body lets loose? Yeah, what did that sound like? You got it. Oh, that. That's it. No, I don't know. Don't start giving me a hint. One good one. There's a report. Shrift. One 13. How you spell it? At 5. 16. WC. We got Bo camp or coming along at 2 o'clock. Bo camp or that's his first anti-slime name. And then we got mad dog at 4. Curtis just very briefly. We don't want to overdo with him. In fact, if we hit our other, you can probably have guilty on it and say it because we don't like Curtis. We like guilty a lot. For years, I've been talking about a great way to shop for a mattress. And that's to make that one easy call 1-800 mattress. They deliver with a knee to our window. They have an eligible bed and consultant to talk to you and lots more. Here's another good reason to call them. The radio station yesterday got a press release from the New England branch at the Better Business Bureau, the BBB. And that's where the headquarters are located. The Better Business Bureau gave out their annual tour to excellence awards and dial a mattress for the third consecutive year. One of the again, the tour to excellence award. It was absolutely. And they went it on the basis of honesty, integrity and ethics in all markets. They serve for main all the way to Miami. So, while you probably know there are a lot of places you can buy mattress bedding storage departments to rest assured that when you buy in the smart way, this one easy may weigh with that one easy call. What do you say? Call 1-800 mattress and be speaking with a company can really trust. And they get all the top names in the business that unbeatable prices too. Seely, certa, Simmons, King Coel, Teppopitic, Stewards and Beninas, Foster 2. Check out mattress.com for all the styles and sizes and do what the smart folks, including yours truly have done for years, make that one easy call for the number one choice in bedding in the universe. Dialometrist, 1-800-MATTR-ES, leave off the last S-B-Cosit stands for Sensational Saving. This is New Rogers! This is 5-6-5-16-2-A-S. Oh, a lunso, you're so big. Not a son of a, yet, since over CAL Beet, I heard some problems onlaughter there. Here's what they have to say. Call a trailer for little bit. Subscribe home to all the number one toys in the world and enjoy them. Call a trailer for the next few支持ists to pass the tribute And now I've been ready to come out this in the lab. And I'm going to go through the mountain. Just to learn about the power they've engaged. And still one, both in the mountain and in the village. The ones that are smart will work for Walmart. We're going to have to say the secret to the city. I've got a terrible accident. So I'm going to kill my mother, so I'm going to kill my mother. We can't hold it. I'm having a good show. There's a deep love. She's going to work without a doubt. I've got a terrible accident. Both in the mountains are like a pain. There's a wonderful day. There's a nice little way. Or just a bucket of hours they've engaged. They can learn about the power they can do. Let's go, once a bucket of hours they can do. Soon the boat can be in your way, they're killed. Or maybe a witness to four new dogs. Drunking by our feet at the family. Oh! That's very good. Tell me right now. Yeah. That's very. I know, but if I'm not a child, I know the old job. He was the pivot. I mean, he was a big false set of fest. Really? When is that? Oh, later. And alternative rock band is joining with the music we ended non-profit group and an attempt to rally anti-war sentiments through music videos, going to raw story. I love that website raw story. It is so raw. Very good. Got some good stuff out there. See, it's all you. Just as true music, an actual group that used, and in fact, here's a song. Yeah, I see. Good job, boys. You've packed it up there. Good to see. And then talk about it. Oh! An actual group that uses music to catalyze youth interest in US politics has announced the contest in which Empress arrested some of the music video to accompany an anti-war song written by the indie rock band, Opt Critical. The band hopes to stir up anti-war sentiment using music. But it gets better start cranking and hits out pretty soon. Okay. And one another one of these. We are the world, you know, and you'll put several of them in the money in. On their website, the band they abused their own protests, video, shot an early financial cemetery. The video captures the funeral of Army Specialist Kendall Frederick, a Merlin native, who was killed in a ragt by Worldside Bomb. Opt Critical shot the video at early financial and livestocktober. And since been banned from making films of the cemetery. Opt Critical spokesman Craig Julessez, they've been encouraged by the upcoming release of Neil Young's in piece the president of them. He almost brought new life to the anti-war crowd. Of course he's Canadian, you know, that Neil Young. Other than Canadian troublemakers, he's brought new life to the anti-war crowd. He hopes that he groups contest will do the same. Opt Critical is offering 500 bucks for winners each and six categories. Rock alternative rock urban RB country and other. Music has power, Julessez. Powerful life. That's how we are. Like I'm like hurricane. I think the good song for the world would be. Yes, for the whole world, we're serious. I think the question is, can we get more, all the dead people? All the injured foreigners. This song is covered off with a blanket. I think we'll hire this. I think we'll hire this. I think we'll hire this. I think we'll hire this. What are you saying, New Canada? I heard that way too. Oh, that's a tragedy. Music has power, Julessez. Music should use the power to help bring about social changes. Leave a better world behind. They're like Bob Dylan. Look what he did, man. He didn't. All that folk music. That's right. All that could stop blowing in the wind. And don't think twice it's all right. That's what senior Wensetset. We hope it'll create a brush fire effect to get other people involved and help other people speak out. He added contest comes on the heels of a new year, a new Neil Young. And which is the country. Rock icon calls for president pushes impeachment. Young who has supported Bush in the past is the elements about empowering people, but given him a voice. To let who grew up as a military brat says there's a personal element of the campaign. His father supports the war right now is the riff between my dad and me who's a bushbacker. You let's say the main thing I see about the music is young kids listen to musicians more than listen to their parents. And when I was young I grew to my room and listen to our record. You know which one it was? That was the one. Over and over you. Breaking news, by the way, on CNN we got another tape. This one a video or an audio tape. I guess a video tape. That's two years ago. And there's a time in the time in the house. We're cow either. I haven't got him either. We haven't got Osama. We haven't got I'm in the time in whatever his name is. We don't have a mullable Omar. We don't have any of these. Yes. Moistab Al Abum was sub-Al Zakawi. Video of him. They're just flooding all over the place with this stuff. Now just kind of like to rub their noses in it. You know. We're still here. And we're causing real tourists and by the way thanks for inviting your rack. Thanks a lot. That's what they're saying. They said a card. It's easy to imagine that doctors don't get sick, but of course they do. And they serve at the same pitfalls as the rest of us will be entered the health care system. Speaking of Morris Kib. Don't go to the hospital. I'll go to outside. I sweet our two-lade. It requires almost a stroke of luck. I guess that's a plan. Words for a patient of whatever US hospital received precisely the right treatment for his or her problem. No more and no less. A stroke of luck. A landmark ran corporation study published in 2003 found that adults in the US received on average just 54.9% of recommended care for their conditions. Average blood sugar was not measured regularly for 24% of diabetes patients. More than half of all people would have potential didn't have their blood pressure on the control. A third of asthma patients eligible to get inhaled steroids didn't get them. Three bonds had them all. Seeing health care through the eyes of the physician may help us find our way to fix this in the system they need to be made for everybody. It's on the CNN. You would take doctors have a great advantage in knowing whom to see for their particular problem and once they do they can tap into the medical grapevine to find out who's got the best reputation and the most experience with a given procedure. It's happened to the grapevine. Would that be a good time to apply her to the grapevine by Ben Harper and or that is gay. They just have to hope that person isn't their colleague down the hall in case something goes wrong. It's a long son or website. It's also a hospital. Unless you're ready not to come out. Just don't go there. Because there's odds are a very good chance you won't. Now that's got to be Marvin Gaye, right? Yes it is. Marvin Gaye. Gaye. Yeah. I know you're supposed to let it keep running. I bet you won't do the wrong one. Up that quick. I'll show you how many, 70's these stacked up here. You fell. Oh, that's the one and I want to. You're about to play. You're the son of a bitch. Oh, I bet you won't do the wrong one. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. You're the son of a bitch. So let me say it again. If you didn't watch the movie standing in the shadows for more time, we don't want to. We don't like you too much. Pretty peo to about it. I don't think so. No use for you. Watch it. Watch it or else. And watch it and like it. Love it. 27 after one. The elves are currently video appeared on a radical Islamist website. What a keynote vell man. What an novelty. You know, South Florida's famous for its trade shows. There's boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows. Art fair is galore and more. If you are a trade show exhibitor, the only name you know is pub set. Pubset creates the absolute top of a lot of attention grabbing steelcress to risk from the competition trade to a place. Call right now at 9.5.4. 7.7.27.27.275 and pub set will get you set for success. When it comes to design, printing posters, vendors and especially trade to a place, pub set's been the very best for 14 years. Call them at 9.5.4.7.7.27.275 right on your wrist. 9.5.4.7.27.27.27.275 for pub set. From design to setup, pub set can handle all your trade show needs. Rest assured, pub set will separate you from the competition. Go look second rate because you only get one chance to look great. Pub sets this smart way to go. 9.5.4.7.27.275 or online is pub sets.com. For top-match design, print your graphics and displays, pub sets the way to do it. Look for my fantastic picture under building. You'll puke your guts out. Right along this year, how are we just going to commercial? Call pub set today. 9.5.4.7.7.27.275. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.16.28. Angrape is funny. Are you moving? Time to say goodbye to Barbara and the moon. And all the stories of both I and Joe's friends will go. She's going to the day she'll it through. She got a dump that because Mara's death is leaving a view. How long have I left her? Her memory is in your power. We'll find her, we'll get her quick. She'll take her home. We'll be out for a day. Mara, let's be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. We'll be together. Charlie, you know what's happening? Chris, please. We'll be together. Have you called Jerry yet? Twenty seven to two or five, sixty bots. Have you seen the newest spots with that thirsty bitch? We'll have enough. When he told me she was a scientist, I answered so many questions. I had it. That all fell in place. Hmm. You're fary. Speaking of New Orleans, This last week he revealed he recorded the new album title living with war and hopefully politically charged record would be released as soon as possible. Now, repeat's record says that fans will be able to buy the album as soon as next week. You're going to rush out and get it? No, wait and steal it. Is nearly young? Living with Warble Go On Sale as a digital download starting next Tuesday, May the 2nd. The record can also be heard streaming. A young's official website, beginning this Friday, for 28th. Repree Shkogsman, build Bentley told Reuters the label plans to get into the retail stores as soon after that as we can get a manufacturer. As soon after that, as well as whatever that was. Bentley added that Neil wants to sell them out there, that's Neil. Neil, good! As soon as possible, if you should arrive in Sturze between May 5 and 15, Mesh is already been made about to track. Let's see him peat the president. While other new songs that living with war include shock and awe, looking for a leader, the title track and an alcoholic recording of America, the beautiful featuring a 100 member choir which finishes off the 10 song album. I guess I'm going to have to go on and get it, right? It's been on the air over and over and over and over and over and over and said you just want a puke from it. In fact, young is already posted lyrics to six of the new songs on his site. He's also started at a blog listing news items, reviews and reactions to living with war. I've got a rap there, you're going to live in with that. We're going to get a 13-end of what's today during the show. Josh would have to write that on his armpit. Yeah, you think we can? 12-33. Like I said, 12-150 during the show today. Josh will have to write it on his desk. That's a mistake. I don't know, but I probably want to take a peek at least. No! No! What a child. Okay, let's take some causes. That's some more stuff here, but I don't, you know, enough is enough. Don't you think? Yeah, no. Yes, we get a little bit too fond of this for me. Just too much of this. Let's ease back into the way. Let's not overdoing it. Let's ease back into all these stupidize stories. Okay, because I've got first idea, I've got this men and jihadist, whoever I got. You want to think it is? What do you think it is? I think it's IBS to not the kind that you know anything about it is press part of it uh huh irritable body syndrome which you would laugh and say oh what's that? I don't know what I'm in the throes of right now it's part of the whole IBS syndrome irritable bowel syndrome is only part of irritable body syndrome where you get like non-specific like aches and pains and little nausea and stiff neck and sore over here and uh and then it comes and goes you know yeah well a little bit of my skill every now and I think it's the allergies I think there's something in the ear five six seven oh five sixty you know I don't have that you got that under cloud Newman I bet you do I have it somewhere here but if you think when I waste my time Diddle around for that you got it? Melee of a smash man under cloud Newman Don't abortion alpha d and we don't got that what a shame one of the herds so bad seventy q a m hell of hello not there line one market right down okay put it on your other cheek Mark it down at line one had a malfunction at the junction of the WQ a n hello Yes sir how are you excellent good good I'm gonna taste on the real quick that happened to me this morning I'm driving down to Astrid and Hollywood I'm gonna find miles an hour over the speed limit I get pulled over by Hollywood police officer Yeah and There you go and you approach my car and you says let me see your driver's license and registration So I just look at him when I go I'm gonna get a lot of money I'm gonna get a lot of money I'm gonna get a lot of money I'm gonna get a lot of money What about you Q a m hello Q a m Yeah, see somebody I want to tell you yes sir I got a news welcome for you another one speak up sir. I can you can barely hear you Sorry about that. Yeah me too I don't know the one of Bush's people ran for the hills The guy runs this small business association in point of my Bush in 2001 Yeah Took the same road as McClowon's gone out of there Yeah, so that's it Well, what do you mean that's it so what does that mean? I just I just get scared over the AP I guess he left Well I don't know I don't know the loudlaws I'm not stupid on an MP okay That's it, okay Scott McClowon's gone That's gonna stop a lot of problems and this one's gone That one's going Andy Card is gone He was a little bit bigger And that's gonna change a lot of things in it It'll be a lot of 80 yeah you'll see Oh, yeah all the son knows those pull numbers you know since Andy Card left how those pull numbers are just skyrocketing I'm all about to 32% right in fact when surprised me now that when Tony snow comes in there Do a snow job to the media it'll go up to a it goes zooming up to maybe like 2425% you'll see W to Q a M hello The grey one has a hp W to Q a M hello Hello Yes sir Oh, look at you you're right. They're doing the a two for today They're doing they got they're joined it's even they got their cell phones between their two each other's Heaps Oh man five six seven oh five sixy see well we don't have the phones work and you can't get that Rate new fresh entertainment like don't use to talk about oh yeah That's correct. You can't get the assignment off these calls man Nothing make you have a have a tremor in your back them between your cheeks W Q a M hello Q a M M M W Q a M hello Wow these are good W Q a M hello Oh Yeah Oh W Q a M hello Okay sir Listen you know my friend is having nuts for these emails and these joky emails And this moron called you this morning about this let's not buy gas at mobile and ex on and so on All this stuff that's fueled by these internet rumors so much different formation going through the internet Yeah And obviously we didn't know what he was talking about man and he we had a sum right in it That's how one of the other day about this fantastic order find underneath the rock you mountains Turns out it was a part of a solicitation of a penny stop but they don't put that in there They send it out like it's news But there's a website a George knows about a called notes dot com you can get on that website And there's no TES dot com and it's completely destroyed all of these internet hoaxes and rumors and phony emails That's a good news Okay, well, I said when I'm really in a coma I'll be sure and check that thing out got it sounds like this guy was sliding down a slippery snow Oh there is a wasn't a man there's an anti-policy An excess profit instead of record prizes at the pump and record profit She said yeah pumpers day we are renewing the call as we challenge our Republican colleagues to join us and helping to bring down the price of gasoline Before Memorial day we got oh yeah, hold your breath Nancy Yeah, well let's you know when I sell 20 till two and two I'm like a Kim Bo campers going to be really Intensive into a clock man a heat and the NFL draft and the NFL draft and the heat and of course those NHL play all Oh baby if you think you have termites in your home, and this is the talent here when I start really a tune and to go nuts You really ought to do the smart thing before your house is gone before it's a mess call ridid pest control today Free termite inspection ridid pest control uses that amazing orange or treatment the kill termites and their eggs 100% on contact I mean they're gone faster and even say Clara Bell if you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them You don't have to take your house either. No worrying about poison is gas no moving out of hotel stays No worrying about food or your pets in your health. All they do is they treat your home with this amazing orange oil And you don't have to leave it all in fact when they're done treating your property like I've been telling you for a long time Now the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. No mess no tense no BS So it's true if you have a termite problem or thinking might have one developing save your house right now call ridid pest control And find out about the amazing orange oil treatment the kill termites and their eggs on her percent on contact no tending No BS no games no kidding call right now for a free no obligation inspection 1 800 4 4 7 4 34 38 That's 1 800 4 4 7 4 34 8 be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck told you to call rid it at 1 800 4 4 7 43 48 This is a real rush this is by 16 2 8 Oh Buffalo Bell fuck Oh They bought he was just a legend Giant within retable strength and power with colossal arms monster his life and an enormous ego He's not just a legend but he is a giant a San Francisco giant coming soon from now go to Oh, it's a Oh He's born or chemically created is to play Maybe two ballpark do you Oh 147 13 go to a spigon of a very bonds and baseball don't forget get the cubs and Marlon any interest Tonight 7 30 pregame game time 805 from really feel see if the marlins can blow another one of the last night. That was bad I didn't see any but thank God, but it were had three nothing in the evening and next thing you know like just like that it was six three Chicago game over Footed in the lost column. I tell you what thing that they've been wearing he couldn't he couldn't hold your angels drive strap you know it's yours Huh who speak in a teflon remember I mentioned this before I found it on my pile But if you keep digging your piles long and if you find some really good crap Owners of teflon coded poss and pans in 15 states are seeking to have their cases combined in a five billion dollar class action lawsuit Play me do punk company field of this post possible health risk from using the non stick cookware and of course teeth allies made from Teflon yeah, I think that's why we're both illin. I think we ought to have a joint on joint at class action suit. Let's get our peace The lawsuits claim do punk continued to tell the government and consumers for years the teflon was safe even though It's own study showed the material could become toxic when he didn't have to fry an egg according to the Moyniaterny Kim bear who represents six planets from Iowa How to not to fry an egg like the sidewalks and Florida all year? What's a bit thinking it ever used teflon to fry eggs? US magistrates to less bremared in cigarette and hearing when US history judge Ronald Longstaff will rule on the request to Certify the cases as a class action DuPot attorney Adam Hufflick if Chicago said teflon's got a 40 year history of safe use and no cities exist that show them a two-year You become toxic not one study is shown that there's any harm to consumers. He said interview with the A and P The plaintiff's won't be seeking to show that anyone's been interviewed as a result of using teflon code of cookware Instead the case will likely set around do positive notify people will be possible health risks of using teflon code of products as in I'm dying I'm a here I guess that's a good reason to quit maybe I can just do my beef on my flavor way, right? Put a little tin foil on there. Huh, let me make sure that's what it is instead of like cooking on a tefel Try pan man. Oh, hello, I do use olio oliva Mm-hmm, and I look at a picture of Eli Wallachwell. I'm cooking up my beef with my first Milo curve sauce. Get finally olio oliva Oh, man, if he would have just if she'd have just gotten shot in the opening scene, he would eat in the economy right at the getto that movie would have been great And George Hamilton would have gone back to Ireland If the cases are certified as a class action, teflon players will be able to argue that they represent potentially millions of consumers of own and use teflon code of products And seek damages for them all including us. I'm pissed off man. I think I'm illin A judicial panel in February said US district court in the mornings is the place to hear the initial stages of the cases from California Colorado floor eda Illinois a whole bunch of other states Additional cases expected to be five a clean one in West Virginia next week even West Virginia even a cool miners just got other issues to worry about 560 560 pound five six in the Verizon cigarette arrival sign calls again and so good I think we gotta like end with a whole bunch so you like a little mini lightning round shirt a theory it a whole whole bunch of mine air Come any QAM hello That was good come any QAM hello Do you know that Yeah Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that pot is your getting a lot of work. Hopefully I know teflon on it Line nine. This'll be any junior probably QAM hello Yeah, any junior get the sock off the phone and do a little bit of verbal uh Yeah, linguistics a logistic something work on it. I guess you can combine pick up that cassette tape Ha ha The training tape yeah the 80 training tape WQAM hello 560 the Hollywood star was good enough okay, she must but you know don't know we're doing well They're really wound up aren't they? They're going to a frenzy not enough to be calling but really with the WQAM hello You don't have no respect for the Lord Hey WQAM hello That's a different man again QAM Hey Neil how you doing pretty good. I wanted to thank you I turned my father on you loose change to He's all yeah, the ball was public and we're saying he's going to be we think is over time That's a pretty good video. Okay. Yeah, okay. No problem. Thanks. No problem WQAM hello Hey Neil he was near right up the road before you talking about guys having the full between the start I expect that a south park with Oprah with the telephone between a leg. Okay, great well, we don't want to hear about it 5605 you talk college or a disc that he fills in like tomorrow or her tell him about Oprah with a phone between her Rectom legs. I know you really make me a copy better now We're not going to say I got to find it. I got to find somebody's got a cat. Well find it. Oh, yeah, you'll you'll let yourself really You'll need to even better than Tom Cruise in the closet. You know, it's it's right up there. Especially considering your love for Oprah It's pretty good man pretty funny. Okay. Well Jimmy a copy or else. All right. We also want to talk to you a carabelle. Make sure you go with the rules I'll always be ready to you guys again WQAM hello The government's getting closer to our bedroom. Did he stop carabiner? Then what do we do with the six toys? Yeah, we hit that on yesterday. So we talked about our length. It's on our website. I talked about yesterday. Here the callers with yesterday's news last week's news President Lincoln's got a aching troving headache president Kennedy don't get in that limo. You know Hitler in that mustache my god Yeah, it's an essentially soft-floated is like so so far into behind. It's just the yeah exactly John Lenin's got a headache too Okay, don't the You should use your co-you're supposed to be here. Will that been better? Yeah, what a day Hey Karen ever sandwiched you to come on. I'm going to give you no bad gas I got to admit I I shouldn't admit it. Why not ready again I like it. I like it. I like it. I'm not in their music. You know, actually she both of them actually he was my more deserving than she was I thought Right old dick He was kind of disturbing but never less. I saw that on biography several times. Why would you watch that several? I don't know there's something just morbidly fascinating about them. Plus she was a lot more she seemed a lot butcher and he was But then again, so this and Murray seems awfully butcher. She's got a whole bunch of kids. She's got a mustache. He got a mustache and a whole bunch of kids I talked about that lady with a mustache. It would buy mine. I can't like a whole day. Oh, and then the woman on that from that New Orleans lady remember that Mm-hmm. Maybe that's a new thing with dark folks. Okay, growing a mustache 153 at five 60s of a WCQA being outdoors a lot in South Florida means you need some comfortable shoes because you're gonna be one little and bouncing all over the place The only place you ought to take your feet is brandy shoes and pop at a beach because Brandy's is the best they carry major brands like Forshime echo Muffisto rockport, Hush puppy, new balance all the other big name brands and all sizes from men and women even carry widewoods and hard to find sizes for you freaks out there with your freaky feet Brandy's is the largest independent chewy tailor in all of South Florida When you see the selection of value and a great personal service you get a brandy's you understand I've been raving about them as the very best for years go see our friend Arnie. He'll make sure you get to write Fitting shoes at the right price every time and all like to the department stores where whatever style you pick out When you finally get witted on oh, they haven't got it in your size you can be damn sure You can bet even that carabels life on it that whatever you're looking for they got it in your size on a shelf When did slap on your fat feet at Brandy's the only thing they do is shoes So don't worry about size, selection service and of course ever about price Brandy shoes Brandy shoes the were 1290 North federal highway and pump it'll be between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side. You can't miss it open every day the week Monday through Saturday to line every Sunday till 5 in this week It's an extra rate time to buy rock ports at Brandy's save 10 to 20 bucks a pair of all great men's styles So be sure to get your rest in the brandy's this week or do your shoe shop and online at Brandy's shoes dot com This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 Five Five six Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Five Seven Five пять Five Eleven Nine pictured Bueno, Sh приб by whitebite.