Wow! Our REN Search for Shells! Oh wait! If you need something you need now! It sounds like a Flynn, a roxte cat Spell sniffers are mighty low on Wilder of bushes and mugs are guarding at outside Magic went cheap she pays for premium crowd at the Quick Camp only found the quiet for carbon fiber and she provides for pride Peel and What's right keep popping in a fold with pride Keeping in doubt Why is it so stagnation Let hear that in future All I remember happy people when we walked down If we already saved our job forever I've promised I'll be Carl Roe, I guess just couldn't pull off another mirror for it. Now it was on a bone. That's right. So anyway, it looks like Macaca was went down. Of course, it's probably going to have a recont there for a junior. It'll try to make up a bunch of dead people and do some people often stuff like that. But nearly lost to Webbiller's life. What are we going to do when we practice belief? At any rate in the course of 40, you've got a new gay governor. I will say this to people in Dave Barrett and Tom Beech, who are very heavily for Davis. They voted against Chris, but Chris wins of course. And John Hall, leader of the Rock Group Orleans, that recorded such hits, is still the one dance with me is when a stunning upset in his race for Congress and upset in New York. Nearly defeating Republican incumbent Sue Kelly, 51 to 49 percent. Still the one. I like that song. I'm trying to get going here, but you know. But one, I got it. I got somewhere. In fact, give me about 20, 30 minutes here. I'll find it. All views on the differences between the political and music journalists were recently profiled on editor and publisher online at one point. He had to start to be taken seriously by the presses of policy man. That's just another, you know, singer. The upset was more surprising as this contest was never on the national Democratic party's list and most likely picked up. Clay Shaw, bye-bye Clay, there's another one. Never even crossed my mind that we could to get rid of his ugly ass. Hall closed his victory speech by singing steamed bands and song, I am a patriot. New York musician played benefits for Hall's Toronto campaign, so he was still badly outspend by his opponent. Hall of Ranges and Anti-Workhanded, they was also an environmental activist, he was a key organizer of the Fabled No News Concern movie in 1979. I think like that, good old John Hall, he's still a one. You haven't got it yet? See? There it is. It was doing a big update. You know, my music library added some five seats. Well, that word that wasn't. Sure was. And he chatted all just before the last time. But there's a John Tester, there's the, in my 10 and you go boy like that. Now pop it up, I'm taking a hearing talk because he always does impersonate people talk of it, there's no. People, I don't know, I don't know. He's not talking, they got the CNN guy and all right, pop, pop, pop, pop. But my MSNBC and then a grotesque job. Unless you're in coverage last night, not that CNN is in a great chase, but blah, to the, they got up to a real rocky start and you think that Chris Matthews is expertise as politics. But they just technically, they couldn't get the, in the beginning, no graphics. So I guess they thought that seven o'clock it was going to be all over. You know, like, oh, here's, well, we don't have any votes from Virginia and well, what it was pretty weak. Although it was good to see Keith on there, but nevertheless, here's the pull from yesterday, how confident are you that all the votes will be counted honestly? Of course, there were lots of examples of Hanky Panky going, are all throughout today, but even Carl Roe van the, and the fixed machines, man, they couldn't do it. So it looks like they're evercredible, they hang on to Virginia and Montana. They'll have a 51-49 lead in the Senate and of course, they got a 32-va, they pick up 32 seats in the house, which means they got a margin of about 30 or some odd. How confident are you all of those would become, honestly, not very confident, 52, not at all, 547, skeptics and rightfully so. Some are confident, 288, very confident, 99. I don't give a Schmidt 58, 100% sure of 32, right, there's the, that must be the bush crowd, right? Right. I hate this pull only 14, 8.8. Wow, where's the last time we saw a number where they, oh, front of it like that. A fraction. Everybody's your vell was in this morning, our general manager. Who's it all? You didn't stop by the CS, you were down here and I said, yeah, I know, you have to stop by and see all of those we like to see and I said, don't hold your breath. I said, hold your breath, I'll just, you know, what, XL. So what was it that the beast ordered that Kenny's got no control over that morning's show? Yes, that's what he told me. I'm ready to say the whole thing. So I just want the audience to know that because we hope Kenny and Vodu very well, but nevertheless, but it wasn't the beast that told me. Was it the rumor period of the, oh, griefer? You make up names all day. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It was a rag. How's that? Oh, Greg Reed told you that's right. I see. He's a huge buddy. Yeah. Which of these do you care about most that's our pull today? We have 921, what will we get to a thousand and two chasing a land sale? You know, I'm the, I guess I should feel pretty happy after the election results came in a whole deal and all the stuff has been going on, but I don't feel any different. Do you? No. No. George finally got around to watch and Tristan and his old last night and I didn't like it. No, I didn't finish it. So didn't make it to the end. Well, I know. Finish it tonight. I have to, you have to look like James Franco American there had, like, you know, couple of extra sandwiches between that and Spider-Man. Yeah, well, he spent a lot of time with the shirt off. That's for sure. He did. All when he was wounded there. You know, I've got to watch it again. I better watch it again. 921 to go. It's which of these do you care about the most? Don't start with that's factory again, okay? It would two, but if just one, if the same Pete times or the money holder or any of the newspapers in the state of Florida, they so called MSM mainstream media would have picked up on the stories from the new times and all the other stuff about Charlie Christworth's well known to anybody who's ever gotten out of the house more than once, but they didn't do it. And so the people in Dave Brown and Palm Beach, along with the Democratic swell on the Antebbuscia sentiment, you know, they voted for Davis, but Chris Wind and so big deal. At least you're getting rid of fat as Jeff, that's the good thing. Bye-bye, Jeff. You fat as piece of turd. Good family, man. 922 votes. They care most about their income, 495. Sex life, a distance second to 112. Are you surprised at that or what? No. No. I hate this full 70, 7.5 percent. Well, you mama. Politics 43, politics. The National Football League 36. Now we're talking maybe on QAM. They care most about the National Football League more than their income, their sex life. Politics, my faith 34. My faith as in. Be a god. Iraq 23 and my health. We had a late edition. It's my bad. I should have had a lot of my yesterday. Only 9 so far, but it's zoomed up there as a good start. We just put it on there, right? Yes. A 13 already. See my health is going to go zoom in a close. So if you don't have your health, you have much. Is that right, George? Huh? No, I got that. You're a one. My health. That's all I got. Well, you got to think great here. That's not a good sign. Prima-Tradal. Great. AZipul results in the case that 58 percent of voters yesterday. Disapprove the way Bush is handling his job. That's the people who voted. See, they kept wondering whether it was this massive turnout because the people are pissed off. They're angry. They're disgusted. They're tired of this. Like they're stuck in a dead end. Anyway, 42 percent approved of the voters. That's down from a 52 percent approval in 2004. And 67 percent just before those 2002 midterm elections. 43 percent strongly to support the President's work more than double number of strong approvers, of course it's hard work. Intensity of 7 and 4 against by contrast was about equal in 2004. 33 percent strongly approved of the President's performance in 35 percent strongly disapproved and it goes on. The war in Iraq is a serious concern. Well, a dead law should be for Christ's sake. In the Asset Poles results, 57 percent of voters disapprove of the war while 41 percent approve. How can anybody approve? That's what I'd like to know. 41 percent approve? How can anybody approve? By the way, by a clay shop? And I think, honestly, it's not that they're going to be really clever there. That's your nigh run in the Mark Foley seat. For much fully vote for Joe, you know that. I mean, it was close, but they still lost. Approval of the war was higher, 51 percent in the 2004 election. 41 percent now strongly disapproved of the war up from 32 percent to years ago. Number one issue was corruption. Corruption was an important issue. Not the war in Iraq. Not the fact that Julie Roman is a jackass. That's he of course won again with overwhelming support from Republicans. A good advocate who didn't, they abandoned their guy, they are poker playing guy, and they voted for Julie Roman. 227, let's see. They've been seeing move it too fast. To 195 and House Democrats and their 13 still on decided. Democrats still controlled the House of Representatives for the first time in a dozen years, but the crucial question which part of your run the Senate hangs this morning on those next to neck contest in Montana and Virginia. Democratic challenges affect the four seats in the Senate according to CNN projections. Republicans would need to take just one or the two remaining committed versus to keep control, but I don't think they will. Democrats won in Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Missouri, and Ohio, as well as independent candidates, Bernie Sanders and Julie Roman who are expected to vote with the Democrats, so they count them at the total, you know. They count that. But in Montana, the race between Republican Senator Conrad, it burns in state Senator John Tester was too close to call. Tester got about 1,800 lead. If Tester wins, Democrats could secure control about winning in Virginia, where in battle Republican Senator George McCockowitz Allen, trailed as Democratic challenger Jim Webb by few of them, 6,000 votes out of more than 2,000, 3 million counted. How do you like that? Today's I have my repair check. It was fantastic. Yeah, I got the check. Not the check. It's those credit. It says. Under Virginia law, the apparent loser can request a re-concene. If the voter can request a re-concene after the votes have been certified at the margin of less than 1% of the total votes cast, if that happens to result in Virginia may not be clear for weeks. Webb declared victory early today, saying the votes are winner we won, but Allen wasn't backing down. The election continues, he said. He said, to many of them end people voted against me, and it's probably what he's thinking. To many of those McCockus. At any rate, so for the Democrats hanging out of Virginia and Montana, that would be quite a feather in their crab. And then we'll see what they got. Okay, that will see what they got. Yeah. All right. I'm holding the bill. We finally put the brakes on the busher machine on the big runway freight train or to disaster. But now let's see what the other guys got. What they bring to the table, is they say, what do you bring to the table? As you are Reynolds, you just say, what do you bring to the table? His answer, of course, was Bill Marshall. He went open up the mic, pot for him, and like, hold his hand. And I like kind of a daughter-in-law's school that he was. He always was very funny, you don't you? Yeah. Nine hundred and fifty two votes. I guess it was the same then as it is now, because you're involved with this show. He's a very violent, just like poisoned, got the tinctines. So it's hard, don't get too involved with this show because you're running around the hallway and people are always on the Neil Rodney show. They might be spitting blood near the wretched, you know what I'm saying? I thought they already do that. Yeah, I'm sure that they do that. Don't think he's the actual delts, yes. No, this is the real Rodgers, the real 560. There's a book I smell at the following, because of hate public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face, most of us will never be rich. Now, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing. But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare the sh** out of people, intimidate them, and give you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Needs a cash, rub a bank. Don't have enough money for fear, or the convenience store. They accept success, why are they? It's all free if you've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend, kill him. It's a simple solution, a life-conplexed promise. Why have to do is wait the 5-day sport, and happiness is just around the corner. Now, if you don't want to wait the 5-day suit cares, by the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative. They're working from south, and if you consider the population control, yes, and guns. They just might make your fans. 10-19-5-60, it's the American, and for way, it'd be an especially influrder. That's why, you know, Kenny and Vosmore were lamenting this, and, you know, lamenting is not the right word. There were question-in-V, the wise and the weird force might as well as violence go on, and the audio audio. Aren't you pleased that we have a sociologically-oriented morning show now? Or if I knew that's what it was going to be, then I'd make a choice. Anyway, Doug Thompson and Kevin Hill, before we get to all of this, you know, numbers and all the stuff of the crap. Doug Thompson says, and the horse they wrote in on, American voters and president George W. D. Vosmore is getting a thug-scalery public and party as strong message Tuesday. It wasn't subtle, it wasn't polite, and it wasn't subject to interpretation. It said, go to hell, go directly to hell. Do not pass, go to not collect $200. Democrats need to entertain a 15-seats-to-reagan control of the house, to file tennis to one certain, but Democrats predict at least 33 seats more than double what they need, and that gives incoming speaker the house-nancy policy to Vosmore. He need to give W. D. Vosmore's goons the screwing they so were so deserved. Well, he's got a couple of expressions in this story that I can't even come close to reading. Granded the Senate is in play, but Democrats hold on the slum leads in both Virginia and Montana and wins. They're given control of that chamber as well. Leaving Bush in the boys wondering if anyone got the number of the truck that moved them down. Bush has a Republicans' deserve to get run down. They step willingly out in front of that arm rushing semi-called vote anger over the box-worn Iraq and the cesspool of corruption at rule their party. Sesspool. As it pulls short of ass majority of voters really pissed off of a Bush's erected block, holy corruption and broken promises of Republican Party, and the deterioration of individual and civil rights. Two years ago, those who viewed terrorism as a major majority of the Republicans 90% of their votes, this done is to evenly be between Republicans and Democrats. Two years ago, evangelicals gave the GOP 95% yesterday 33% of the religious rights voted Democrat. Oh my God. How I can. If you had an R after your name, you became an endangered species. Or like in Shavey, I learned the liberal Republican in Jim Leach and Iowa, moderate. We're left flattened on the road of political growth. Now, what is this? This facts. I mean, there's a lot of things I could put on this pool, but that's not the idea. Could you please put my children on the pool? I was like a podet on there. My family, my children, my spouse, my, yes. Yeah, me, I'm me, or yeah, me, my mama. See, when I say, pull like that, when I say, which of these you care about the most, I am being selective, obviously for a reason, you know. Anyway, a duck Thompson says, if he had an R after your name, you became an endangered species, even like in Shavey, it would have a liberal Republican, and Jim Leach and Iowa moderate were left flattened on the road of political ruin. Left flattened on the road. And Tennessee Republicans one way because they showed no shame, and openly appealing to the latent racism that resides in their base, taken down her or for by stereotyping him as some sex-craised black man chasing by women. In Virginia, the racism of the old South came home to keep Georgetown in the race where he traveled to credit children, Jim Webb by a razor-thin margin, and race headed for an almost sure recount. Same for Montana where he can still find enough ignorant redness to vote for a corrupt racist like Tom Radburns to keep the race close and under side of one of some came up this morning. But in most of the country where people voted with their heads and said to their prejudices, the Republicans could not sway the outcome with money, attack ads, and sleazy campaign tactics, voters took the first step back to take back control of their country. As we head into the daylight of Wednesday, the only two questions remaining are the fate of a two out of stiff and temper Republican racist named Burns and Allen. I've ever burned some Allen, don't you? It's I do, that's coming. Both of these dinosaurs often campaigned as fully cowboys decked out of their hats and boots and stride horses. How appropriate because the message delivered by voters on two days that typed that softening's with and the horse you wrote in on. I mean, I'd like that. Yeah. Pot uses relying on home delivery as this this story, this pack, you know, sent in? That is at the first page. In a city where you can get you, just about anything delivered to your door groceries, directly in Chinese food this is New York. Pot smokers are increasingly ordering to take out marijuana from drug rings that operate with remarkable corporate sales attention to customer satisfaction drug. Then he had to trip the library guy. I think it's only fair and polite. In other words, it's called the tip line, tell you what if somebody's delivering by weed at the House they're going to get a big tip. of other wise law-binding professionals in the york are having their pot delivered to their homes instead of visiting drugdance or hanging out on street corners God forbid. Among the leagions of home delivery customers is Chris, a 37 year old salesman in Manhattan. Chris, he's got the good stuff. He doesn't owe Chris. Oh, I'll try it. Among the leagions he got, that was a pager number, gets a return call from a cheeredest bachelor who takes his order for potent strains of where are you winy? Potence strains. Heavy duty Schmidt. When there are a couple hours of all-gramgler remains, sometimes a moonlighting actor or chef arrives at the doorstep of his Manhattan apartment, carrying weed neatly packaged in small plants to containers. These are very nice discrete people said Chris is both of the associate of press on commission, only his first name being used for obvious reasons. There is an unspoken trust. It's better than going to some street corner and getting ripped off or killed at it. The phenomenon isn't new. It's long been the case around the country that does enough money in the right connections. Good. Get cocaine around the drugs. Discreetly, they've lived right to their door and their face of business. But experts say, home delivery has been growing in popularity. Thanks to a shooter corporate style of dealing design to put customers at ease and avoid domestic turf wars associated with other drugs. Pleasant dealing. It's certainly been the trend of the past 10 years in urban areas that have become gentrified, said Rick Curtis, and that's a quality of professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice who specializes in the drug culture like George does. The corporate model and its profit potential were demonstrated lately last year when the DEA announced that they had taken down a highly sophisticated organization dubbed the cartoon network. DEA has been interested in 12 people after using wire taps and surveillance to making undercover buys. In the co-zomb, but I don't have the rest of it nor do I wanted it anyway. Don't send me any more. I is pretty interesting crap right there. Sure. So I have to look at Frances College George of the years. Look at the number of the take-oners. They'll have it back. Look at that. 997 votes. Well, when we get to a thousand-on bail and run on out, we're going to go out in the streets and dance and celebrate. I'm not excited. Yes it is. It's interesting. You look at the difference in the way the media covers these things in terms of headlines. Here's the headline that the Toronto started, a Angry Voters punished Bush. Doesn't say well, see you. We're trying to figure out what it was that motivated the idea. Angry Voters punished Bush. That's what it says. Big headline on the front page of the Toronto star. That's right. People are pissed off. They've had enough. They've had enough Bush. Enough of the BS. You can't spell Bush without the BS. You don't understand that. The threat is like he can't spell U.M. I'm sorry. That's in bad case today. I'm not supposed to do that. You have to have a little more respect. Sure. Yeah. Well, I know. You have to be all whipped up and tears have to well up in your eyes. Go. Oh, it's easy. They're killing people. 26 past 10 at 5.60. WDQAAM. If you're a... So, gee Gordon, Lydia, they don't come anywhere. Then Neo Rogers. You're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you're a... you you're a... you're... you, but you're both... ...you, of all, you're, I'm, or you, I'm all, you, and all along, you hide and seek-, where are many unpleasant words? and love for just one, if it was you, if if it is. true, and is that God, are you aны? who alleges for you to settle in with the love of your love that be Katie's Lord conditioned awake to true love for me who imitating yourself? who ex regardingplete love for you as Ноary and woe-active regards to my love, if you know what complex of love that's what sense of it award, if it's evil, that love. that love to seria group, that is intended to own law,책 for all cooks, stupid for aegu, and every I'm a me, your The open is waiting We just fall over in to meet thelusion Show to no end We stand for and try Or may you feel thanks Oh Lord, help me Call me Christ Father man You still won't be in You know, maybe it's got a simple idea every dawn on you. Who? Booker, Brian? Thanks goodness, we had all those very respectable people on last night, all night long, like Tom Delay, you know, and that fact, Bill, but I know it was gambling problem. But I think Ben was on a phone with his bookie, betting on all the races as they, I think we were going on on CNN. So I think about the medium man, Epham, Epham is the simplest junior, they just, prophetic. Anyway, before we get back to a mischrist and all the other stuff there, the university might be defensive tackle, Brian Petta, was shot and killed. Am I saying his name right Josh? I believe it's Petta. Petta. But were you sounding it out or something? Were shot and killed in the parking lot of his Kindle apartment last night around an hour free, left UM's practice field, school official said. The employees were called to be seen in the machining at the Colony apartments, 93-15 southwest, 77th Avenue at about 730-line site when officers arrived, they found the victim dead of a gunshot at one. The details of what led to the shooting are not clear, but Petta, 22, was fond of his residence, AEWM's for a said. This is a sensitive real-time academic investigation, said they'd play spokesman Roy Rowland. He said, homicide investigators were expected to be at the scene all night. Rowland said he couldn't come in, who police think might be involved. And I may have heard of director Paul V said, right now we're just gathering ourselves and just trying to pull ourselves together. Not bad enough, they lose all the games, they had that big brawl with FIU and it gets a bunch of guys suspended, but now we get a player dead. Petta, a 640 and 80 pound defensive tackle, had started every game this year, but one, recording 26 trackels and two stacks. A product of money central senior high school, Petta was majoring in criminology. Wow, criminology. And was close to receiving his degree the second, I'm here, he was well respected among his teammates and considered a vocal leader. This is the second time he went to his been shot this year. On July 21st, Junior Safety Willie Cooper was shot at a botox, and he looked at that. Right, so he was not in the ass during what was thought to have been in the attempted robbery of the South Miami home, he and fellow safety, Brandon Merrow, whether in Missy Barrian, more are running. Cooper's injury was a flesh wound, he returned to the team in less than a week. I mean, no, we're suspecting football players going to be shot in the ass and like, you know, lay out, right? Right. In 1996, you have a linebacker. Marlon Barnes was found bludgeoned at the long of his girlfriend, Tam Manika Lumpkins, and his cruel-gable apartment, where Tam Manika? No. In 2003, former safety, Al Blades was killed in the car accident about a year after former Miami linebacker Chris Campbell, 21, who had just completed his eligibility with her against also that in the crash. What about Benny Blades? Yeah, Ruben Blades. Now, what's that, what's his name? We've got that Brian. Brian Blades. Brian Blades. And Benny Blades. Who are the brothers? Yeah, right? Yes. I guess that's too long ago. It's old news. Old source. You are the night. What's there, Ruben? Fight. We don't want to be playing that now. That would be very insensitive and very bad taste. And our morning guys get very pissed off of me for doing that. So I'm not going to do it. Don't do it. So anyway, Clarence is calling me shots in the morning show where you could have pulled me because it's a show, you know. So a poor Kenny, they bring him in there and basically like Ruben's in all along, they guarantee this figure right off the bat. How his hands and his legs together and they said, well, I go on there and get some numbers for us Kenny through a real entertaining morning show. And by the way, here's a lung head of a camber to work with. I'm out like him. He's a good guy, but man, he is. Anyway, getting back to the important stuff. Okay, I don't want to get involved these other day, parts. Let's see, the schedule today we got the mad dog to the fourth thank God that dumbass didn't miss the plane again. That's what Josh said. The mad dog to the fourth, the power hour with the Humper and the mad dog between four and five, I'm sure they're going to be talking a lot about the election results. Comfort the bank at Lanning Center, the Inter-Center. Now, what do meant the bank at Lanning Center is that the Inter-Center? Yeah, yes. Between five and seven solo and then we got Panther, Pegra, 7-Falk, Panther's host are Rangers at 7-309, and any camp in hockey games, Rangers are pretty emotional, for the inconsistency of the name. Let's get some people out there for the Panther game for a while now. I'm so sick and tired and turning on the old few. See, all those people disguised as empty green seats, my God, just a piece of empty seats. Really embarrassing. What is that? What's his name that they got walled in Ohio? The wine. He's the wine. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He was going to lose. He checked with his wine and he was riding. Thank you. Voders elected Charlie Christ this day's 44th Governor Tuesday in the first gay governor that we know of. Hending him a victory over Democratic rival Jim Davis in the most expensive one of the most vitriolic campaigns in Florida history. Christ the Attorney General will take office during an odd world ceremony January 2th. They come in the first group of public in the 16 other geopolitics since the 1870s. Wow. Florida's a Republican state baby, although mischolary, a made danger. Yeah, no, I'm acceptable. If Joe Nagarland would have won that seat, if the Republicans would have held a seat, even though you know, I would be happy and Joe for what mischolary done, but nevertheless. You know, we were to party for a scandalous, grotesque. Anyway, in his victory speech at the Svanky Renaissance of Illinois Resort in Gallup, Chris gave special thanks to God and his parents, but also said that Davis for his spirit and honorable campaign. Right. Tonight we all come together as one, Chris said, wouldn't be the first time. Not as Republicans in the Democrats have been dependent, but as one, as Florida is each Florida will have a voice in all we do, and I will serve every Florida with all my heart, she said, he said. Christopher, victory round 11, 20 last night shortly after Davis of five term congressman from Tampa called him to conceive the race. Although Chris is expected to continue many of fan-ass Governor Bush's policies and including education reforms that favor private school vouchers and tax cuts, he'll likely take a more popular smother at approach to running state government. He lead with a legislature that remains solidly under control with conservative Republicans, Redneck Yahoo's, but has made it clear his governing style will be driven list by ideology. Davis spent the evening with his running-made, derailed zones, their wives' families and supporters in the three bedrooms suite, why is there why his families and supporters in the three bedrooms suit watching the return for his this from the Sun's Senate, his wife, my ass. Their wives' families and supporters, this is just pathetic, is what it is. So Davis meant the evening answer. I thought it said the mischrist. See, I'm getting all emotional about that, just pisses me off at the media. Once again, they cover up for certain people and some other people in just the door flies wide open. And of course, keep in mind that the same Pete times in the Yamami Hill also had the, they had those emails and they sat on them too, the Mark Foley ones. So evidently they just never met a Republican meeting like all the same Pete times, supposedly very progressive newspaper, supposedly, but then again everything is relative and authority. And I'm going to be there got some relatives. Not that it makes any difference that mischrist is gay, but the fact that he's a liar in a hypocrite in the phony and campaigns against all those issues, that might have been a sum interest to some people, they said the one who read the new Times magazine and the ones who listen to the show all ten of them. Although we got a thousand 55 votes on the pool, I'd better say that Joel is tearing his guts out. Who are the adopters play this weekend, right? The chiefs. Oh yeah, they're talking like they got a chance in that game, no chance. Where's that feeling, Kansas City? Police thought, yeah. Oh boy. This goes to various Mr. Team Bus last week, right off of it. And who the how did the Patriots play this week? Hopefully, you like some Mr. with a blind for crying out loud. After having to play the Colesia that was unfortunate, bad scheduling baby, really bad scheduling. Time like what we got on this station, bad scheduling. Now actually, I think we finally got everything. And Joel sounded like he was skishing around, you know, like on a fishing expedition. Yeah, I mean, you know, I'm improving. What was he using for bait? He was he was probing. He was like, you know, sounded to me like he was fishing. I have a no problem. The check shows up on time even early every day. The bonus check showed up like with a heartbeat. They had a donkey bringing to the house. I mean, everything is great. Life couldn't possibly be better. Except maybe hit in that 160 $6,000 jackfire wood, but one of those good $1 dollar machines or maybe when then 36 million in the allotten. So the busy highway is moving to the 효ers speed, up middle. So everything from there was bivesawia to the creditedional in the same old house. Uh, the recession is so old-fashioned against the rail system. Take the kiss in the hall, we can now be blind It's been difficult, I wonder if that extra children who were all we could stand in one There's baby back, baby the daddy is bent on God, you thought it was the result He was in fact like an over-do my very book He was too bad, it's baby back He thinks that the time of years a little boy crook And so he won't be beating And he thought that the deal was coming With an option he won't stand in Baby back is not the definition Of adoption but still he won't be beating I knew it was a kid in one All I think is that every time He had a better life with a material girl I think giving it really turkey and feather World, but he won't stand in fact But not a better kid or self-booker that's irony Because bad, he won't stand in fact He thinks that the time of years a little boy crook And he thought that the time of years a little boy crook God, he thought it was the result He said, it was burning, it's burning, it's burning I can't receive it Make me show hands that why the kid is innocent He's got me one bit of a fudge Oh yeah, that's it, that's where it ends I just said it puts a little paper in my machines Say it, just relax, don't get all panicking it Well, cause you want to Me? Thousands, seventy-four hosts on the pool I'm not looking, and I just can't find the dancing The final numbers in Tennessee Cause if I'm up being a lot closer And look like it was going to be Looks like Corcorca was going to be like uncorca big win And then I've foreclosed in And last thing I've seen before I went to bed was Four, there's only a few percentage points left I know Corcorca won in Tennessee Thanks to those race-baiting ads, the nevertheless Just did not be a lot easier to find some of this stuff But it's not, you know? It ought to be Set up voters put the exclamation point on a long An negative campaign last night by repeating In 2016, you and Comet U.S. representatives Clay Shaw for a larger nail And setting the Democrat Rung Comet Congress in his place by by Clay Shaw, you old, You old, tired, you old, tired He's a tired, that's what I've been told Rung is accomplishing the impossible And the impossible is that Rung is being Clay Shaw on Broward County said U.S. represented a Bobby Wester or a Democrat A Boko, two kinds of orders at the embassy Sweets in Boko, the room erupted in cheers Climbing the state senator from Boko said The war in Iraq had become the dominant issue for Borders and they prom and the Grower Palm Beach County District The work rate had lost interest in Washington Leaving it opening for a client to offer new approaches To old way of doing business and trying to get Clay Shaw's head on a Boko's ass That has absolutely by far been the biggest issue We said the war in Iraq is huge Borders also said of the war Dr. Yusuf Hamuth 62 for a lawyer in the United States The Democratic voted for Republican Charlie Chris for Governor And Republican Broward County Commissioner Jim Scott He said he voted for Sean the pass but climb on a support Tuesday It's just Iraq, Iraq, Iraq, Homo Said the president needs to get the message Said about message you know like Joey Zaza Climbs can't paint called for a different strategy on the war But it's not even happening surefire solutions Climbs said the national anti-republican mood feud is kind of the sea What we're hearing from is with people as they want to change They can't take no mole, we can't take no mole bush No mole lies no more BS no more dead people See that's the one thing you know what I'm saying It's kind of like a bittersweet thing because It's not going to bring in there's dead people back It's not going to restore the limits any of these main people Whose lives were turned upside down or destroyed or erased all together Based on a bunch of lies it might stop some more from happening They might Align notice that Chris Matthews was like putting how we deemed feet to the floor They're about you know a rockin' that what we need to do And we have a plan and how we was bad but we know like that It was kind of bugging me like Chris Matthews kind of bugging And boy by an actual scandal the force of resignation of a 12 year income In political neophyte Tim Mahoney Capitalized on the frustrations of a conservative electric yesterday To become the first Democrat elected in the photo 16th congressional district And at least three decades long time After lead wobbled back and forth from March of the night We're probably going to join the ground concluded just before 11pm Not enough people punched fully The margin was well within the number of hosts cast for on affiliate of candidate Any Ross It's been a roller coaster moaning folks supporters last night at the Jesuit of the Beach Resort As they sipped champagne I love this country and I love Florida a lot of the people in the 16th he loves everybody He called Negro on a class act and thank his wife Terry and daughter Bailey Negro on a statement from Stuart Watch results from a home and later joined supporters together The Hutchinson Island Maryette Beach Resort and Marina He's the next congressman Negro instead of Mahoney in the series the opportunity to serve We came in we gave the people competitive race but a week for the boot put about In Martin County Negro on one is home base by about 12 points Mahoney won the destroying showing in places such as Charlotte County Where about 25% of voters are registered democratic but nearly half the ballots cast were from Mahoney The race for one of the states largest and most rural districts turned from a snoozer into a bruiser five weeks ago On former US representative of Miss Foley suddenly resounding ground was picked as the GOP replacement candidate Poor Miss Foley man out of control he is foley That was the problem For his hormones rule his brain that was the problem man raging fact And careless and stupid So many symbols and pull and For the first time that it does New Year's Democrats old majority of all the nations governorship after taking plenty of 36 races all across the country Including victories and states like Ohio Pennsylvania Colorado It'll be crucially 2008 presidential race and I know you're not going to want to hear this you didn't watch him this tough last night Because you're watching a Tristan and his old right, but I still want to hear it Well Not gonna look what I have to say though Oh Cause Hillary one is unbelievable You know we knew she was winning like her those who run away Oh there, but don't say that I'm telling you Except in speech in bubble with a bat and he was a party and she was good We're dumb I don't like her, but I'm telling you she was good Well, I mean I could give you some other son in advance, but she made a great not a great But I mean a good acceptance speech and she was a Charleston can you do the Charleston I feel like the Republican party is not my party anymore Joan Domix 75 So after voting me in parma heights near Cleveland Democratic representatives had strengthened became Ohio's first Democratic governor since 1986 Routing Republican children the anxious Ken Blackwell Who Democrats criticized for his role in overseeing me 2004 presidential elected in the secretary state Is that interesting how Ken Blackwell was on a ballot and got walled in Ohio and how cats and heris his earlier counterpart with fixed in votes in Florida In 2000 I see was on the ballot and got walled by Bill Nostime me and she got want It's time for a change that the buzzwords said Cindy Munn mush rush That's her name mush rush. Oh my god, are you serious? Cindy mush rush 54 a stay at home mom from suburban Columbus Ten states had open seats because of retirement's terminal at 10 in the case of Alaska failure by the incumbent to win the primary Democrats won six of those also have undevelopable seats in Iowa, Michigan or gone and Wisconsin And Massachusetts former civil rights prosecutor and Democrat deval Patrick became the state's first black governor And then he's in second to be elected he also ended in the 20 year Republican grip on the governor's office and Massachusetts in New York Elements Spencer who could be your nice president the crusading attorney general will have a crackdown on Wall Street practice This captured the state records 69 percent of the whole known as way to becoming the first Democratic governor since 1990 Spits his margin be former governor Maria Cuomo's mark of 64.6 percent in 1986. He followed all these numbers good In Colorado, which is voted Republican last year presidential elections former Denver district attorney Bill Ritter One perhaps one of the most bitter races complete with an FBI investigation into one of many attack ads The Democratic campaign said the information that Edwards accused him being soft on the league limits came from a restriction federal database And in Maryland Baltimore, Mayor Martin O'Malley on seeing Republican governor Robert Orlick in a very close race Justice has been appointed four years ago from his association with Bush he suffered for it yesterday good he suffered let him suffer then as she suffers now For as now was it left him suffer now as she suffered that whatever the police said Remember that in what movie in the godfather. No, I don't remember that. Oh Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha do you don't I don't When John Coral the only was which one was that I Don't must be three which only so there was a very big no was not it was the very beginning of the first one What is wrong with you man even Josh remembers that They'd be here like an animal. Oh that she kept around. Yeah, but then suffer don't you remember? Okay, and he was busy here and then Coral you're gonna work this up for like she suffered. That's not way. Yeah, no, that's not what I'm like that Let's end over now. It is not all right 1100 votes on the pull by the way. We are kicking big fat smelly slimy ass This is the Neil Roger show Who's a fucking boy Don't listen to a story that a preacher named the accused have taken that then heaven days sex Just when you thought he was a super right just dude out comes stories and Saturday Bad things that is gay escort snorting that Well the first thing you know old Ted to hit the grave and again love while he was loving it He said big forgiveness and trapped in me. He's been crying say you sinned and ignored it's not for seeing All right, praise the Lord past the ammunition. It's a level one in five 60 W Q m man dog It's two and then we got all at the tower hour and the hour with a shower and all another sports stuff 117 votes. We got the pants of the internet any interest now Which of these things you care about most 117 votes? I am really pleased his punch My income five hundred sixty five I can go along with that and I'll resolve my checks yours up here between we since all right Care about and one kind of leads to the other In other words if you're a suffer you can't get ladies that what you're trying to say I don't think so the way you would want to be not in this state not in this city Well Josh and the thing is making too much money and he's the ever again little action there on the side on Upside down yeah upside down. Well there you go. He's a yuffster My income five sixty five my six life 246 those are the two runaway leaders. I mean You know money in sex other than that when he's aiming right what a lot of sounds good in I 36 million I hate this pull 87 7.7 percent what you know we hate you two my health 72 pounds 45 my faith 38 in this even proud of ours my faith the Lord Jesus I'll make sure footballing 30 or three 38 which is like a religion see those are tied and I think it's rightfully so And Iraq only 26 I mean who cares about Iraq is a lot of dead people over there A lot of schmothers probably smells real bad there with think when you think I I imagine not a carcasses After he didn't close race Senate candidate here all for junior lost the first race of his career to Bob Corker For congratulated Corker and thank the voters it's gonna see for giving him the opportunity to run on the election these moments are moments You can either shrink from or grow from said for junior Who likes white chicks For what do you laugh at about nothing stories that For city was gonna pray for strength to go and be a better person. He also went he likes us some ass man He wants to get lead Zero for junior and just because he's got like a little bit of a sun tan there What's wrong with that and right away? They appeal all-name red next Tennessee Oh, there's a darky line one of the you know, mess with him white chicks with our white girls, you know Let's go string them up Ford city was gonna pray for strength to go and be a better person. He also asked his supporters if the Peabody hotel Memphis not to get angry about that defeat and it was very close so it was 50 what a 48 percent just a three point loss Last those late late polls showing Corker was like 13 points said remember that crap We know is bogus. Oh, there is a but last night. McCocker was really on a cliffhanger. This was an up your as McCocker with Fony Balloni 51 a 48 percent So he's asking for strength to go to be a better person and stick with his own kind and not the be That's right. I'm hot white to check stuff like that Like what's your name that blonde your favorite Scarlett Johansson? Yeah, you sure that he didn't know when it's gonna be on the way. I can't wait So I checked the progress during the break. I'll check the progress of my word. Okay Because you can have you're definitely having this week and sitting even forget about Tristan and his old What's even like Josh like it? Okay. I like it pretty good. I'm so was great and it's good Haven't gotten to the big decapitation that you already told me about Speaking about injured soldiers returning from Iraq I've brought back a super bug that has been linked with outbreaks in NHS hospitals where they've been treated a health minister's confirmed Well, this is from the abrid independent The links between casualties brought back from rack and outbreak to the outbreaks in the NHS because alarm within the health service And led to renewed demands for more dedicated words for Britain's armed forces to enable wounded soldiers to be isolated more effectively They bring in back super bugs From Iraq All right, we help protect agencies. He deserves NHS hospitals to step up their infection control measures as reasonably I'm afraid to be afraid of a straight-of-be super bug as Cin O. S. Cin O. Bacter Baha'i Which is resistant to many types of antibiotics. I think that's something to do with the aerial moment A multi-resistant strain of abominion. I known as the tea strain has been isolated from casualties returning to the UK from Iraq The health minister Andy Burman said may comments written answer He said the exam sources infection happened identified but US casualties between the America also been found to be carrying the same super bug The tea strain. They're straining it Experts in microbiology who were studying the links between the infection those wounded the racks in an injured soldier Software of coffee infection interact may across the large outbreak of the super bug and an intensive care unit in NHS hospital and Southeast England I'll stay away from those birds. I'll give it to the schmits and your books at twits And you're orders when you watch And let's move with that essentially whatever else on next point That the Those British affectations brand they're all like a specified. They all like yeah, okay. They are I love it Yeah, oh yeah, I Can't you one thing Jonathan we smile is I love him. They reported that the super bug was also found in two hospitals in the Midlands and soldiers have been injured while serving in Iraq the HPA said last night It was caught the tea strains survived in soil and sand and warm climate such as Iraq I'd like that another rack attack another reason why not that just it's just mind boggling And then of course all these hundreds all these talking heads well I know the public is saying I'm message here. We're not ready sure which message is what the most upset about I mean what what does it take you know and if this wouldn't happen at least as much as it did last night This turn about out of inches nauseous speaking of nauseous Brittany Spears foul sort of horse Too late she's filed the if she's tainted goods now her taint what's used to be Britney Spears is filed a petition for divorce from Kevin Feater line TMZ that's that RC Fartsy Webbed house is say yeah, right TMC obtained the legal papers filed in LA County Superior Court yesterday setting irreconcilable differences from this slime ball that she Amiri her her high school sweetheart. Oh man Interpetition spirit's asked for both legal and physical custody of the couple's two children one year old Sean Preston Two-month-old jaden James with people I'm getting reasonable visitation rights numbers like once every 10 years As for money sources tell TMZ the couple of married October 2004 as an ironclad pre-nup not surprisingly Spears is waving her right to spouses support She's also asking the judge to make each party pay the run attorney fees Spears gives the data separation as yesterday the same day She flooded her incredible revamped physique during a surprise appearance on the letterman show Surges tell TMZ there was no single reason for Britney pulling the plug rather was a string of events. You pull the string Spears is hired powerhouse celebrity divorce lawyer Laura Wasserv who has wrapped the number celebrities including Angelina Jolie Nick La Chay and keep her settled in Nick Who squeeze that bitch where we die and could squeeze out of her ass and We're told raise with this food and Ryan Philippe asked while sir is that filthy as well To represent both of them and there split the loss of the client for personal reasons Yeah, maybe he takes it with maybe he's like Tony Dorsid or said maybe he's like Ryan Philippe now Philip. Well, I just said it pronounced it. Philippe. Yeah, Philippe my ass. What is Ryan Philippe? He's Filipino. I don't think so Let me know if I go Philippe nor the man Maybe he's put a different stand on an air damn. Well, you hate resour this one in the first place with him I understand why she's ugly. No What was a lot of that going around I'll tell you that I don't hate her. I just consider her ugly Yeah, and what she makes a grimacey faces that's scary even ugly or I never really paid that much attention to resour this phone I didn't go to school with a kid named Bob with a spoon in high school He was a lot prettier than she is California doctors accused of taking hundreds of photographs of different patients while they were unconscious and semi nude at his clinic in Dublin, California I guess they were he was Dublin is pleasure a $1 million rest of our spinach for Dr Tony she you who's also looking I guess the other they dropped the other shoe Huh? What are all these stupid things that you're saying? I don't know I'm getting you know that I was a lesson Huh too much less in coverage last night hour after hour and I just can't believe they were watching Tristan and his own cinema scene lesson return Well, because I knew that any good choice there wouldn't be anything definitive until way later anyway Then I fell asleep. Definitive yeah definitively Like a one-way dollar rest was finished. It's been knocked through shoe was also accused essentially battling two men in his home She was in private practice in Dublin, California where he's practicing I'm worried disappeared after the warm position of 30s believe he's left the San Francisco Bay area A search of shoes home turned up about 450 digital photographs of 19 male patients who were unconscious and I'm dressed in medical examination rooms Only two of the patients total wrapped have been positive rat identified police be saying You can imagine how shocked they were when we showed them naked pictures of themselves that will please Sergeant for Walters said Police were alerted the shoe after two men said they woke up at his home last August with no memory of the previous night That's probably just for the better, you know The men said they had drinks with shoe he allegedly drugged the two men and raped one of them Walters told the San Francisco Chronicle what a pre-vert The men were taken to the hospital where they tested positive for a drug that's commonly prescribed for anxiety But can cause memory impairment and confusion it was a ball of confusion Also one of the men was found who have been sexually assaulted Police said one of the men had known shoe for years, but the other just met him on the night they led to attack picked him up some fluency Fag bar no doubt The Chronicle reported that the men said they first met you at his home with plans to meet friends and open an Emoryville for an evening out in San Francisco, but after having two drinks each at arriving at chooseome They lost all memory for the rest of the night When this is told us they made it to open an memory bill, but the two men were too far out of it to continue on to San Francisco Walter said it's believed that shoe grew back to was so mafra all of that when the men woke up to following one of them It became suspicious and then they went to a hospital for examination And the doctors said hey, he had been inside the rectum to the long look And God will know is what kind of trash trash is going to find in there. I mean 1154 votes on a poll. You don't have to like give me that bird kind of cackle. You know I mean It's it's it's it's it's the day after lesson day. It's a WW would by Wednesday Don't forget to change that poll to set the noon short takes all Short stuff right that's it No What if he voted yesterday after in Lincoln Vote from the other side Core for 51 and 440 what a shame. It's a damn good thing. They put those race baiting ads on their or Corker I'm just got his ass whipped Yo, what up is this kid that Kevin pedaling? I'm a daddy again I can say no one hit wonder take that music Anyway, I sure know a lot of the notice Kevin Bird aligns so I'd create my own condoms introducing Petaliner Edeline is a different their condoms that chicks wear because I believe for his control like pretty much everything else in life is a woman's response to doing And better lineers are built by my pleasure just like a chicken with Arizona She tell you why girl friends Igniting other whenever you sleep with that some moment to go down the nearest road store and pick up a package Better line And make sure they pick up something each starving oh and some beer and Renacable video game They call a funny one of him and I'm more than glad to do it myself because he's got no talent He's got no peace of crap, but nevertheless in trailer trash, but he was doing her when she was doable number one and number two I think they'll get 10 million out of that pre-nob deal no he's enviable based on those things right especially when you consider that he's got you know no talent no low-key snows bad right trailer trash He won the lottery Or speed of the lottery. I think that 30 cz million sounds like the number tonight. I'll send you card one of these days Sank you guard the smirkling chimp rights gym weapon John tester are the winners What he says well, I are but you know Pretty pretty tense pretty tight really tight Jim Levin John tester one initial count of Virginia in Montana. It's clear and indisputable that they deserve the same presumption of victory The George W. Bush received in 2000 There are the winners until conclusively proven otherwise by every method accounting and court review possible We have winners in Virginia and Montana. He says the quickness whether George Allen and Tom Red Burns There's burns in Allen again Can petition the courts and the electoral process within their states to change those outcomes? As it stands the Levin tester leads are conclusive They will not be overtaken in the regular count the vote count shows that they've been elected as the new senators from their states Of course Allen and Burns can spare their states to grief and hassle of a recap I believe those are the kind of words used against gore and 2000 and I haven't even gotten to the constitutional crisis If they gracefully accept the will of the people I will be consistent here and said that if the states allow for weak kinds of terms of results of the elections They should definitely get one. I believe in counting all the votes We've done that already in web and tester have one, but there's a little harm in double checking if state law provides for it But what is clear is that there are winners and blues is money challenge that vote that is there right? It rounds and Burns want to choose to accept that they've lost instead and by our graciously I'm sure no one would argue that was set of fine examples of civility Oh whoever accused Senator McCockowitz of being civil Wow Little McCockowitz is going down what a shame and an interesting part of it is he was ahead all night long Right until he has in and he got good right in the ass end 117 to be votes on the pool Why not to put on there? I Yeah, that was so sad Which of these do care about most this is I and that's another good reason to take calls is because even when we had a poll like this That was close. I would say we're not taking any more suggestions This is a limited that said this is the choice we're giving you know I got one for the poll. Hi, yeah Those were the days weren't there. There's really simulating I got one for the poll days. Oh our pool building and then of course we had Both of these boring. Yeah, that one. Yeah 117 to 73 votes which of these you care about most my income 583 my six life 255 and George says they go hand in the black land in hand My health rate 92 I hit this poll 88 politics 48 my faith 40 the National Football 39 and Iraq 28 I will say this I don't agree with it Because back when I was a shupper my early days in the market I was getting a lot more action back in those days that I have been a young like now All this minute we're getting way more action when we were younger people when we were younger That's right young and hung in full of fun and Still it takes a little bit of money I send back in those days it did you right? Cuz you got a carous for a while before you can not you know, whatever you know What are the situations you might be? Speaking of Sanky Spanky the career of a rising young Iranian actor has been left in tatters by the widespread distribution of a private film showing her having sex Police are investigating the woman who has not been officially named for a suspected breach of Iran strict morality laws For bidding sex outside marriage unmarried people of Bertha law are subject to punishment by Lashin Investigators have also asked interfold to arrest and extra that the woman's male partner who is talk to a fled do buy The man is suspected of distributing the explicit film which may have been shot using a camcorder with the woman's consent If convicted he faces up to three years in jail and a six thousand pound fine However the biggest impact could be on his partners. He's a two burgeoning screen career The actress is in her mid 20s appeared destined to land more roles in TV dramas and Iran's small but lively film industry after her rule in a pocket or so Popper But the stigma of sexual scale dynamics that unlikely stringent Islamic rules to include even cursory touching between men and women in Iranian productions While foreign programs and films are rigorously censored for a listed interagender contact Prohib include even cursory touching Got it. I got it. You put out tight even above the bra Even above below around the side right down there by the right dough. Yes They've come at the film is willing to be two years old of began circulating as a DVD on some websites a few weeks ago Titulating a public star of the celebrity gossip common in the western media the Iranians are titillated It came to the attention the morals police who are charged with enforcing Iran's Islamic laws the morals police all right Police said they've not established a motor for the film's distribution to rents the prosecutor Said feed a side eat more tazva more visavi as early as special investigation Said that's what they say Terence police chief regular general. I'm not gonna be these names so reporters at the film's part just unclean Talk about Brittany again. Yeah, actually cleaned up a rack of it. I did not see you. I'm letting them because I know what's down and everything, but you know Yeah, I know tame what it used to be now the tent again. What is you know Scarlett's after she can start it with a well, I don't know I know see how it ever in the movie the character that she was playing with sugar in Iran Now who she married to is she married Scarlett's her handsome she dates, but she's not married She dates, but she's number one Just the way you said that was so kind of like yeah, yeah, yeah, wasn't it? She dates, but she's not on the you know whether she dates watch he dates who she dates. I'm stalking her Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised and when you see this movie you'll be you'll be watching so stockings. I mean we were in One For over your head If you see so Collins and break in the window It's not what I remember those days. I thought I'd mean they hurricane days while I mean this is a tragedy with this kid getting killed in him, but never and you notice how Kenny and Bob were like it sounded like on the edge of Breakdown, you know seven that rejoined yeah, I was kind of to think about that I mean granted although there was another story about another guy who got shot 25 and it said it wasn't related to the shooting of the football And they don't know who done it and he's dead and he was 25 and just got shot on the street and Right down there in South Florida and I hear them talking about that because he wasn't a football player again See when somebody of note somebody who's got some kind of notoriety because they were John Kerry celebrity or whatever when they get shot and killed It's really a tragedy, you know But like when Joe Smith from down the street when he gets shot and killed or somebody that nobody ever heard of well, oh gee, that's too bad And Where we're going for lunch, you know stuff like that 1196 we're gonna we're gonna bust through a 13 we're gonna bust way through today It's a big day and I think that's because the audience is all whipped up and fired up because of that big election yesterday Don't you think that's got something to do with it? Oh, no, sounds pretty good though, don't make sure Yeah, that's what I'm thinking just like that And the even better news is that thanks to Duff and me I could have said all of these guys I want that again. Don't do that to them again. I could have said that that would have been lie first of all Now what about Josh you ready for another word tougher to ice cream. Oh, yeah come and Friday I'm ready. Yeah, but I'm ready. They've came in and said they are good friends from Jackson's in the Dania I want to bring in some more ice cream and also the weaning man is coming back with those foot long premium. I'll be hot dogs So make some room Sit on the dumpper for a few hours tomorrow probably in Thursday and then by Friday more you'll be ready You're open up a big vacant spot to fill with in premium winners and of course Tubbs and Tubbs a fantastic chance and I came with all that boopy stuff on it. Oh hot fudge and butter Scott See I Okay difference now does my game difference because it's Wednesday. I I have no eating plan. I have no eating in my future I'm also of course we need lucky early and we're like a big get a good my sheen mind I was thinking I really ought to play the mega box even though it's a sucker game because they're all connected I'll be different because you know but the The jackpot on that thing the progress of is 2.6 million You know what he said And there's why would you play a machine where the most you could win on is 160 6000 that's almost never gonna happen anyway and When you can play one word again It may never happen but at least you're shooting for something for weird you understand old and 2.6 million Yeah, and again just like with that love night. I'd say you guys a little some You're your sweet But we know that In fact, I think what I was gonna do is I would send a check to a chicken egg and then let him to be at up among you three guys Whatever way he sees So best now I stood this is real rockers isn't what you really like 60 It's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger You know what I'm seeing Make you O Wands No, they never say Still waiting for the earbuds, those hear the tonne Shut down, fucking voice Wastingros Riching for the fall, she said, I'm dead again. And how they're claiming that there's a tough horse to play, what they know. And what she does is that is again. And once they are seen, they're seen. And when they're seen, they're seen. They get over the field, that's tough and roses we know in their beds. All bright, waiting over here can go to the home. Looking for a man who lost about me. And how many say that it's a fall of the day, what for some? And remind the breeze. You're folks don't know the reason. But nothing is too easy. But roses they can't teach us don't fit. What does it matter? When they call up me and shadow, I hate you never listen to your words. The way they know where he can go, how to do. Just the bottom that I'm using and I'm ready to. How they're claiming that it's a tough horse to play. They can't wait for his son. And how they're explaining that he's so tough, close to play. They can't wait for his son. And remind the breeze, man, where is it moved? What are sunny roses very good yet? A sunny up yours. Come on, everyone votes on the pool. That's how many kinky freedmen got? 14? Kinky freedmen decided to design lightly and politically into our run for Texas. But you have Texas a choice that fears she didn't embrace it for you until it's the quarter's last night. After his independent effort to once see if we're probably going to come and come and come and a Rick Perry failed it. The 62 year of off and entertainer never looked for it. But if not, the long-awaited face against Perry, democrat Chris Bell and Carol Keaton's stray horn, the Republican state controller who ran as an independent, all of them finished ahead of kinky. And we're up against three very professional machines, he said, they made a difficult from the beginning. We were jiffsy on a pirate ship. When these machines crank up, they're very hard to stop. He said, kind of like the ones that would buy when they cranky, they're hard to stop those machines. Friedman hoped to reprise Jesse Ventura's surprise Minnesota for 38 years ago. He used a number of Ventura's campaign officials and brought to former pro wrestling protections to campaign with him. He also elisted a number of his friends in entertainment. Jimmy but it will enough and lie, I love it, to raise money for him, but it wasn't enough. We had no money, he said we had nothing but musicians, musicians and amateurs in our campaign. Friedman who wrote books like, kill two birds and get stone, and songs like they make and use like Jesus anymore. Couldn't over-app love that. The game makes and use like Jesus anymore. Jesus Christ. All right. Couldn't over come the financial and logistical cloud of the two major parties, which he compared to the crips and blood street gangs. One of the problems of the two party systems is that this gives us the two guys twice they said last night. We get a text of the choice that's time at least the choice was there, but that again the text and said, no, no thanks, Kiki. We can get on the ballot. Friedman had two months to his year to collect signatures of at least 45,000 post voters who didn't vote in the March primary, although he turned in nearly four times that number. To raise money, he sold t-shirts and gimme cats to tell a foot-talk Kiki Friedman talking action figure and bumper stickers sounding, Kiki for governor why to hell not. As the campaign he did Friedman stumbled, wrong criticism for referring to Katrina refugees in Houston, many of them black as crackheads and thugs responsible for a jumping crime in the state's largest city. Is that a two-toured race to another hit when audio tape surfaced for more than two-deck-abled comedy, but at least he made racially charged remarks. Friedman explained it this satire, but civil rights leaders know this were offended. I think that hurt as he said, I think that was an effective Schmier campaign. He needed to move beyond funny one line, it isn't taking more serious approach to the issues of Thomas Myers and political science university at Professor at Baylor. What I say at Political Science Professor at Baylor, but that wasn't Friedman, we even last night began his final remarks at Schultz-Garten, they asked in deer hall, Kambus 700 cowboy hat and jeez wearing supporters with a joke, denying he had sex with a male masseuse. I don't think the average voter protection is considered him to be a serious contender. No. If he wasn't Friedman for his 20 years ago he lost a bit for the justice of peace and curvil, not far from his ranch where he organized the rescue group for animals and were as parents for four years when a summer camp for kids. That is a freezeback memories of alcohol steaming. And that is a dozen. Who is always running for a share or for running for this and running for his life. Of course he couldn't run too fast. I'm a fat Jew for our business. I've actually run as a lot faster now, especially the bill collectors come to see him. Whatever happened to us. We were going to find any traces of him. We heard reports, but I haven't in the long time. It's like what? Well, we were reports to make it over the last door, but he was getting better. I know he was a lot of some weight and got right out of all these things. Look at that. We got 1, 2, 3, 4 again today. That's 2 days and we got 1, 2, 3, 4. That's a good old man. That's a really good old man. I have no idea why, but 244 votes. Even George Campbell, he's that. Unbelievable. Although some of us did change the employers today in a very timely fashion. Yeah, some of us like me, like yours truly. We even ended up all alone. Old and fat is iron. Hey listen, I don't really care. You know that. If I care that would have chewed your ass and ugly piece, I know. I still told how it is. I'm sure. We're 236, like I said, 236 votes. Why don't you put on there on my family and my dog and my dog? My canary and my bird. Oh boy. You know, I just don't understand it. There's so many things, but you know, don't ask any questions. Just take the paycheck on payday and enjoy life. That's my advice. That's father and needle passing along some good, 5-way advice. Just take your money and have a great time. Don't be squinting too much about it. Don't be building a whole bunch of it up to leave so much of scoundrels. I want to go to a glamour when you croak, as what George says. Then what you're always telling me all the time. Spending it every time. Go to one by a lose 50, 100,000 staff. No one have a helper good time doing. Stop wasting. Stop wasting. Stop wasting. Good job. We're here in a set of fours. We're at the same 60. You ain't. Okay. Fucking go. But you. Baby, my dog. You're the boss. You're the boss of fame. Take me one home and let's just say you're the only. Baby, my dog. Let the best of men. And you met your uncle, Sean and father and yet. But George first of all, you're the one with you, wake up. Suppose open fire at people and the sun. When they say you're not the whith of me, go. See you home, baby. You won't be here, my dog. Roger, wait a minute. So I'll see you with golden cake you breath. Hey. First of all, the moon is five, sixty, nobody can. I'm Josh, give us some bad information. The dolphins and Kansas City Chiefs is a home game, Mr. Peter. Well, I have the team right. And the jets are playing the Patriots in the Foxbroll on Sunday. And the box play Monday night and Carol, are you a friend? Nothing can be fired, they can be beaten back to Carolina, the box. That's Josh's team, the box and he wants to know what they suck and he's embarrassed but who cares? You know, this child is business about what my team is better in your team. That's for guys who are like, compare a weaning line for the locker room stuff like that. You know, or out in the public parks, where were they just comparing? Childish. Is that like, I'm a lot of people awfully childish? A lot. 257 was on the pool, I'm not going to read that pool too much because then they had to say childish. Shut up. Don't be childish, Neil. Don't be childish. Be childish. Be childish. But don't be childish. Girl, open. Do you wish? I'm going to be a good candidate to have one of the best candidates and record numbers on the game. Let's be in victory fund celebrated its unprecedented success and a French released and obtained by raw story and it was really raw. By the way, they're already saying it's going to appeal for the recount in Virginia, but I don't know because I just read a story on raw story. This is that they can't do it until like 10 days after the election or whatever. It's going to be a long slip. We come to those Virginia votes and then of course a bunch of dead people to come out all of voters from a cockawits. Anyway, getting back to this story, if we please can, 67 victory indoors candidates were elected to federal state and local offices with some winning historic races that make them the first openly gay or lesbian candidates ever elected in their state's legislative bodies, the political action community declared, and this is even without counting this crisp. This still, of course, very deep in the cause of things to be MSM, the so-called mainstream media. Chuck Wolf CEO for the victory fund called the tipping point election for openly gay candidates were proving that qualified well prepared candidates mixed with committed donors means gayism as means can move from having a stake in policy to actually making policy will set in the press release. There's no reason to sit on the sidelines with our fingers crossed or our legs either any more for that matter. Patricia Todd will represent district 54 in the Alabama State House. She's the first openly gay person ever elected to any office in the state. Kathy Webb will represent district 37 the Arkansas state House, the first openly gay person ever elected in the office in Arkansas. Henry Fernandez will want to see the Lawrence Township School board makes him the first openly gay person ever elected when he office in Indiana, Alma Canford who represent district 80 in the Oklahoma state House. Wow, is the first openly gay person ever elected to Oklahoma State Legislature? Charlie Justice or Joe Linger? Charlie Justice. Is not what we had yesterday on election day we had some jolly doggoers. Joe Linger says the represent district 10 in Missouri State Senate. Joe Linger is the first openly gay state senator in Missouri history. Ed Murray, Laura, represents district 43 in Washington State Senate. Murray former state representative is the first openly gay state senator in Washington history. Matt McCoy. It comes to first openly gay candidate ever elected the Iowa legislature. He's a city state senator. He came out during his last term. Hey Charlie, come out wherever you are governor like you fully fact. Can't teach you the one to see them. The Howard County Commission in Florida beating in a pointy of governor jab bush. How do you like that? You go, can. You go, girl. Jamie Peterson becomes a third consecutive openly. Chris will be elected district 43 in the Washington state House. And Judge Virginia Linder will join Reeves Kistler on the Oregon Supreme Court. Making it the first day ever to have two openly gay Supreme Court judges. According to the winner results. How do you like that? The public was striking back with a vengeance pissed off and fired up man. They had it. Even a third of the Genski is a third of the evangelicals voted for Democrats yesterday. That is shocking. I wonder who it may be partly responsible for that. Come and listen to us. We're told that. And they may be mispoiling my dance. I'm going to do that too. Let's go on Mark. X-Marx this spot. Right on the pages. That's the one. Come on with 60 to be both man. We have got a real serious shot at 14 today. Don't you think? Absolutely. I don't. Absolutely. What do you care? I don't. If you don't say that you care if you're alive for me, then I'm not going to get to that ice cream on fire. I'll have muffler cancel it. I'll go. I'll have to do better than that. What do you mean by that? I don't have a bar of stretch. Go. Jackson is like five blocks from my house. Oh. Yeah. Like that chance you're going there, right? And we haven't paid for it. I don't need to be eaten. Ice cream is delicious and electable as it is as you know. So now that you don't want it, I'm going to ask. Josh, I believe what you don't need you to. All right. I'll take all the extra tips. Yeah. He's going to want to stare from cores and I want to lose it. Yeah. He's going to take home all of you won't eat. He's going to take the top of it. Top is in top of ice cream. Well, he's getting top of the anywhere. That's what I'm here. Josh? Yeah. Bigger the house. He wants to be the humber when he grows up. Oh, and did you tell Hank yesterday that I'm worried about him and I wish he would lose an ounce? I didn't see him. I'm like, I wanted to talk to him. If I told you what I'd wait on this. Oh, I knew this. You would puke up yesterday's breakfast. I'm telling you that right now. That was better start to set in that money. Oh, yeah. That's right. That's right. I could put away like 50 bucks for all of my good post-friends. Good night. Like, yeah, well, a reasonable amount. And then just spend the rest of what I got. Lower it all. Have a good time. Israel will not target Iran's nuclear facilities, which the Jewish states is. Are used to secretly develop an atomic bomb. A senior U.S. official says. Israel will not target Iran's nuclear facilities because of the synthesis of problem of the entire world, the official told AFP. Israel understands the only way to defuse the nuclear system. The only way to defuse the nuclear crisis is to defy the nuclear system. It's through diplomatic channels. Prime Minister Ahu Omar, who's crazy that a bedbug, will meet George W. Bush, who we already know is much crazy that a bedbug. And Washington, next week, for talks with her expected to focus on Iran's controversial nuclear program. Israel, why the considered mid-the-middle-year sole is under clear nuclear weapons power. Consider as Iran its chief foe pointed calls from President Masmoud Ahmadinejad to like to do a state of Afamat and to like their butt. Iran denies its seeking development atomic weapon. It's an important part of the system. It's a completely impermanent program. It's proven that it's generated electricity. That's right. For your father, for your father, Iranians. They're all worried about the soap opera stars. She was doing it. She was touching it guy. Oh, it's just amazing. You know, something everybody's internal. They're all superstitions. They're all hockest, pocuses. Leave people. Don't sit around making fun of people just because they're stupid and act like barberians. Right? Why not? Well, I'm being sarcastic. I go with one you want. I know. I know. People are here for workers. He jobs in workers. Oh my god, there's so many of them. Here you will. You trust all of it. All the heck here. Turbans, beenies. Perpeller beenies. Yeah. Pointy hats. How about like that? Nice cowboy hat that the center of Macaca which wears. Uh-huh. He's sportin' one man. And I'm confused. I'm a serial for a junior. He's sportin' one. Yeah. Can't be treated words one too. Which of these do you care about the most we asked today? And this is a limited, you know, just a few of these disconnected things. Okay? Just probing. 1273. My income is 614. 48 almost half of the people are more consider about they're going to come in anything else. And that's on this pool. I'm going to share they care about their family and their loved ones and their pung-dog. Yeah, kitty can. You know what I'm sure? My sex life, 274. My health, 126. You know what's how my health has gone zooming up? I forgot yesterday. It was my oversight, my bad. A lot of the first things I said to you are just morning and you said dumbass was better put my health on there. Remember that? So I put your health right on there. And he put my health on there. And my health is important to 126 people out there. It's also important that Joe Bell, who is probing this morning, was he? About 400 years of extension on my deal. Don't worry, Joe, I'm not going anywhere. As long as you're well, the send us big checks. Just keep saying all the checks I like it. Because it gives me the luxury going out there to would mind and punch my gut, sir. Like that day, I told you I found out about the ratings. I got the email from my close friend, Clarence. And you guys were never wondering the summer. And I'm sitting there to mention. All of a sudden, there was no pressure, no more. And I could have lost my ass, Dante. And still, I had that nice big bonus coming to more than cover it. Right. It's like winning with a machine you didn't even put any money in. Right. That's correct. It's like the one in my team went off. I'll tell you. I hate this pool. I hate George. I hate to spill my money. 3.7.2 percent. Politics 50. My faith's 45. All the Lord is where it's at. The Lord, my Lord and Savior. And all this other crap. The God voleschmit. The National Football League 42, which, like I said, is a little easier under its own. And Iraq only 29. I mean, I'm not saying they don't care about Iraq, but it's like they're not high and they're floating pool. 277, D 195 of R in the House as of the moment. But that's Zulis. So that's like a 32 seed age for the Democrats right now. I think there's still a few too close to call. What was that I don't have to? 2.271.0. How many did that? No, it's a, come on now. It's 4.222. It's like 13 still out at a 4.35. Listen, you know everyone of these people members are kind of with my name, shoes size, you know them all. That's right. Well, there's, there was a, there was a, grown chest, Judd Scalé on there. I mean, you went duck hunting with Cheney yesterday. Fuck. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for John K. Please help me. Thank you. One of the broad. Make no mistake. This president is someone who walks into a singles bar and says, Hi. Do I come here often? What? Where's that dirty hazard? You know, has heard his whole path? Here's so fast. He asked, this week, to come out with a drinkable donut because he's too lazy to chew. He is so fast. He only has a few more pounds to go before he can get the automatic doors that roll more to opening. The Republicans have always been in favor of global warming. Once they found out a hybrid hooker goes much further than a regular hooker. They say in the next election, there'll be a woman president, Hillary or Condyde. You know who will win that election. That person in a landslide. Thank you. Good night. So see a panic or water? Scary. Call up to at 560, WQM is your big noon to one hour. Come on, Randy, vote for the poll man. There's that Nancy Pelosi. She's all over the place today, man. She's got her gavala. She's going to bang some ass. She is from San Francisco. Hey, right. So Montana looks like it's widening a little bit with us. Final trickle come in and look like burns is like a little bit for the behind anyone. And he said it burns. So if I mean we can count that one pretty safe. Yeah. So that makes 50 if you count that to independence. 30 Democrats. So the worst it could be even if Virginia got over turn, which I doubt. But if it did. If they make up a bunch of only Fc ballads for a macoccal. And then we finish 50 and then you got Dick Cheney. He would be the signing vote. What a gross test thought that is. So let's like I said, hope that macoccal would stay in the behind. Here's a fashion question right. RJS call on a smirking chimney. I think we've have a canoe mastermind of those deceptive. Pre-election phone calls in Virginia is a winter or an autumn. That could determine whether he goes with the blue jumpsuit or the orange one. There are some good signs on the democracy protection front. Democrats have been getting over their timidity about electoral fraud issues. As Nancy Pelosi leads the rhetorical charge to make sure that there's an honest count. My main fear has been that satisfaction over democratic victory might lead to indifference about the GOP's systematic subversion of democracy. Hopefully that won't be the case. Move on.org is offering 250 grand for a new material evidence leading to a felony conviction. For an organized effort of partisan voter suppression or electronic voting fraud. Prediction of GOP will have a private detective to scour the country for any sign of democratic fraud. And when they don't find anything, we'll do not pay fully conservative outrage or two. You know what a name Mickey Mouse is something like that. I know Mickey. It won't be a better if they do the public is wise of the deterrence and is set up. The new Congress will hopefully press them out or even have much of the mainstream media can't bring itself to acknowledge the widespread use of harassing robocalls by Republicans as a vote suppression tactic. Guess what? It looks like there'll be some indictments on the phones sabotage front. The FBI is already looking into it in Virginia. It says, Yeah, this one says here. I've been done by someone. This one could catch up with the GOP to inaccurate sample ballots describing Republican Governor Robert Erlick Jr. and Senate candidate Michael Esteele is Democrats. We're handed out to voters at least for polling sites in Prince George's county yesterday morning. Lowland com people were brought in from nearby states to hand out these misleading documents. I hope somebody's got the license numbers of the vehicles that brought them since there's a good likely that they were used in the commission of a felony. The purpose in these various acts is seriously misread the public mood. Neither the general public nor the Congress are elected or forgiven to forget the ongoing theft of democracy. The way they did in 2002 and 2004 no matter what the puns try telling them the thing. The trickle of indictments that followed the O4 outrageous may well become a flood this time around. There's one reason why the FBI is jumping on the Virginia case. They know that his slow response has been a brain heat from Capitol Hill. Another reason why the acting may well be the simple fact that they respected rule of law on the pharmacy the constitution. They're going to fight the law but the law is going to win. I bet you got that. I fought the law by Bobby Fuller. Sure. Come right up. Oh man. That was a memory of this match. That one had wonder all the way. I think they had the nice semelze. I'll check it out. Fuller brush man. I think they did. Let me look at my book about all of it. There it is. On a orange label. Some obscure label. What happened to you guy? No. We just stopped. Yeah. You can't keep it. It's yours again. It's a moment ticket. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. No. That's it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. No. So we need. Bobby Fuller for. Vort on October 22nd, 43 in V-town Texas. That mysteriously has a association in Los Angeles on 1786 in the age of 22. Rod singer guitar is Bobby Fuller. His group of good is brother Randy. He played the bass. Jim Rees guitar. And D Wayne Quiraco on drums. Quiraco. Oh. I thought the law reached number nine on a chart was on a surfer. He was, love is made of fool you. He was the other chart reaching. Written by buddy. High is matter. Most thing was the label. Must hang records. But he didn't have no other hit. That was it. One hit wonder. And then he died all of a sudden mysteriously from ask 68 or something like that. Somebody fixed his ass. And when can I get back to this. They've gone a fight the law, but the law's going to win. It says here. Contest of these integral, which is our sweeping The country is a resoundary public and led voting machines. What's the eboduras are all behind bars. The next step will be to roll back the legalized disenfranchisement of the primarily poor minority voters done the name of voter fraud. Despite the fact that the government couldn't find any significant evidence of individuals without ID voting fraudually, the GOP has led the charge to require ID at the polling place. Since drivers licenses are the primary form of ID, that effectively disenfranchises many of the working poor who don't drive and don't have the time to run to get alternative forms of ID. And a commonly pleasing trialized zone is twist. At least 2 GOP lawmakers are difficulty voting as a result of these requirements. And this story is more Stephen King than trialized zone, but that's just because of the protagonist identity. I live in California for got my wallet when I went to vote surprise. No problem. The evidence of voter fraud in my state he says. Let's hope the new Democratic Congress barring some on foreseen coup makes the preservation of our democratic rights a major initiative. Anything less than that would be an abandonment of our fight of disabilities. And now for the nostalgia of us among you, we offer delays in storm and of great moments in Republican history. A quote, I'm John Bolton. I'm from the Bushcheney campaign and I'm here to stop the vote counting. Said the poll workers counting ballots in Florida in 2000. How do you like that? I'm here not to count the vote. I'm here to stop the count. Is it with a Renfield sense anyone to stop the count? No, he liked the count. 133 votes and it's only $1.09. Man, we're off to some kind of cataclysmic unbelievable thing coming. You know what? I had you shut off there. Oh, that's right. I think that was a Freudian slip. You want to say calling you a fat tag. Are you said that? Okay. I thought John said. I was here that I was off the area. Well, one thing about the Israelis, they give me a little piece of reassuring news even though we don't believe it. And then all of a sudden you find out is really our tellery shells killed 18 civilians in town in Northern Gaza today. The deadliest strike in the territory in four years, probably 10 of Stimian officials are witnesses said. We saw lanes. We saw hands. We saw hands scattered in the streets said a top how my 22 in Vait Hamoon, a town of the Northern Gaza strip that's been launching ground for Palestinian militants, rocket attacks on Israel. The strike through condemnation across Europe and the Middle East today, with the European Union expressing profound shock and international Muslim who calling it a war crime. It's rated defense minister, Amir Perritz ordered investigation in a health to shelling in Gaza until it's completion of Prime Minister's war for said, some of the dead were killed in bed. A shell struck seven houses, others rushed outside finding no safety. 13 members of Waterston family were killed and the dead included seven children and four women, residents and the Palestinian, the health ministry said. Palestinian President Moshmood Abbas described the killings as a horrible and ugly massacre and told a news conference that while he condemned rocket attacks on Israel, they didn't justify such harsh military action. Are you cracking him damn knuckles again? No, I'm not. Knuckles, Rod Rege is on the other end. I'm sorting out big stack of taxes I'm going to send you. A big stack? Yeah, well the machine had run out of paper. Yeah. So the ship has put the paper back in a whole bunch of them spewed out. Oh no. Anything interesting? We're doing nothing. Not a one of them. And there's a whole thing here. Yeah, I mean, informative. I'll let you sit. Thank you for being sure. Provocative. Maybe this is directly funny. Maybe. Ah, no. Anyway, so that's what's going on with the the Getskis again. And I'm at least. The Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews and the ragheads and the men. You know, those people just like the thing with the election yesterday. I know there are a lot of pissed off people. We had a big turnout. But most people are just one of those. They're just leading me alone and don't kill anybody. That's all. Just leave us all alone for Christ's sake. For us a few bucks, few bones. Some ice cream. Well, I speak of that national deli proud to present the first annual big dog eating contest at Jackson's ice cream on November 18th and 8pm. Featuring fort long, premium, all these big dogs. National deli. So to bring to something in winners Friday and the whole of Tubbs and Tubbs of that great Jackson's ice cream. We're talking about it. You need like to lost some top top top, I never bless you. I mean, he don't need it, but he'll eat it. I'll like me, two Tubbs of it. Like me, I'm a Tubb. Not like the Humper though, but you know who the Almighty Talk. I'm as fat as a count. I'm sitting here. I'm not like, you know, pick it on. I'm just what she'd lose an ounce. Lose a little something. Okay, here's the first of these big facts is coming through. Oh, and I think it's like puke and out. Although I don't have to worry about running out of paper. Gary says, in regard to hacking democracies, a subject. Gary says, I'm a lawyer listening to this follow-up for years. I've never called with facts from time to time. You're the best happy-related birthday and surely don't retire. I'm never retiring, Gary. I need to catch. So, you need to a bunch of, uh, I'm sure you've seen this before, but I was tail-serving after following lesson results when I came across hacking democracy. Like most people I never realized the corruption under handedness that goes on in elections. While watching Man of the Year with Robin Williams, I realized it was out there. But until I saw hacking democracy, then it hit the home of the lessons of 2000, 2004, we're still right under our noses. I've been telling you that for four years, Gary, we need to wake up and out of these electronic companies safety license out of the hands of the electric. It's easy pick-ins for those who have the money and the desire to steal equipment. That's what Gary says. Good point, Gary. And we'll cut the crap. Oh, what do you send to me here, Mom? What are you talking about? I could craft that a little bit because of the break. The savory break and sift through it. Easy, simple time. The promise to do nothing all the time. And we need to support 20560. And we should make him track a lunch to watch boobs and button biting. Absolutely. I suppose to boost effort at Patrick's day. And too much surprise, this custom game. He met the soldiers in the late and get away. And she did the blame to sit down who's saying that I have. We're up to pie in my room. Hey, I got that. We're not the ones who are tired. We're not the ones who are tired. We're not the ones who are tired. What's going on with this stuff? I'm not that tired. We're not the pie in my room. These things are good for self-driving. And I'm sure that's a great reason. To support the young man, he's not the one who's going to be proud of this. So, for the best of his best, he's earned his E. And hello, Bertron. We wish he send in our kids to the job. And the feeling of what's in his support and scar. And the events, they just said, this must be the reason why I'm not. They really need the old school education squad. We're up to pie in my room. Hey, I got that. Here's not the one who's going to play pie. What's going on with this stuff? I got that. We're up to pie in my room. Boy, the old school school is going to do some many big things. You know, it's hard work. It's hard work. You can find those just hard work. And the dollar hard work. I see them to teach these things how hard it is. Yeah, I can always have been there. The press conference they want to talk to there is some kind of a speech or something like Oh, yeah. And we lost and let me shake your hand and whatever. Here's a letter to the editor and the money here. Oh, that's somebody facts to me. These 80,000 facts to you. I'll go through every single letter by the way. All these facts is. That's good. That's about half of the ones that came in. Really? You have to do the other half the way. Well, when are these going all since yesterday? No, we're like right now in the past half hour, however long the way. The machine was out of paper. Totally. Molly, right, man. Anyway, Jim, how are my many rights to the hero? He says 10, 10, hagard has been forced to expose publicly something that many people consider personal. I think most people homosexual or heterosexual, pity him and his family incentivize with their struggle. Oh, ah. But to be really think that Hagrid is alone, religion is encouraged people a lot of themselves now. There's about their sexuality from the 10 they were children. Some of the scenes he pressed him with someone such as Hagrid was undoubtedly done a lot of good in his life. He had to come to this before he was able to honestly confront himself. There's only sadness here, right, Jim. He didn't confront anything. The fact is that he was outed by his hustler. And that's what it wore down to. Plus the hustler had the tapes. Yeah, I feel sorry, I feel sorry for all the suckers that keep subsidizing these phony bolognies, all these hustlers, these pillars of bullcrap. But nevertheless, don't fly swimming in the hero right. So if he still alive, hagini. G-string Fridays in a monstine and medical center operating room question mark. Sherry Hayes and Sherry D'Arabans and Stooden, the student interns at Sinai from Barry University's Cartier of Angular Perfusion program. Say hard surgeon doctor, Rogerio Cateo, try to coax them to drop their scrubs and show their G-strings. According to a date count lawsuit, for a few minutes to step to run hard lung machines. You can get sued for that now. Hey, sir, he fires his Cateo, private women in the OR to show their undies during an October 3rd by-pass surgery. Hayes wrote down the rams of accident of this unprofessional conduct in her clinical observation report and told her very instructions as the lawsuit filed by attorney Scott Verran. Robinson, 27, says Cario, badgerder, I wonder if he's kind of Leo Cateo, this is go kid. Was he just go kid or was Leo Cateo, he signed kid? They taught him what sports again? The Cisco kid, what is wrong with you, man? You ever saw the Pancho in Cisco and T-heo? Get out of here. You know, I don't know, Cisco kid. I don't know, the son says go kid by war. Robinson, 27, says Cario, badgerder and a showing him or a panties during a June O4 surgery. Cario pulled on his pants and continued to talk Robinson until she finally gave in. Robinson also says Perfue, he has paid her a tagious, made a vulgar and loop proposition that was attended to the poor panties down for Cario. G-Stream Fridays, and I hear your fuller crab, because we've talked about the Cisco kid many times in a past. I think a person named, of course, is a, you know, I've never seen a list. Go kid. Go kid. Why? Because you'll see it. You'll see the pictures. Is it all yet? Is Cisco and Pancho and whatever? Believe me, trust me. You Google it and you'll be all over like, think on Greg. G-Stream Fridays continued in the 2005 with Cario saying, come on ladies in our day. It is the string competition Hayes alleges. To refuse to go along was recommended on several of her grade sheet reports. Cario 40, it says he doesn't remember the woman or G-Stream Fridays, but it's routine to try to de-stress off where you were in personnel. He says. These stress rhymes with undress. We do so many jokes in the OR. We tease the OR for a realization that does we call competition to the color of scrubs. Press the students this interpreted. Or there may be some people to scrumble with their grade. Although he doesn't evaluate those students. Both of them graduated, made to that may, oh, five. Robinson now works in a pharmaceutical company. Layout Hayes moved up state says co-counsel Anthony Russo Jr. Now, on site I spoke to him and Kathleen Dorkowski says the hospital learned some inappropriate behavior last year and took immediate and deliberate action. We would rest if she would doctor Cario and stop it. Our culture is one of caring and respect. We don't condone anything. Does it for these values? She may be saying Kathleen. They doorkowski. Very spokesman, Mike Lateman, says the university is not aware of the suit. Circuit judge Jose Rodriguez is the case. Oh, God. What are your people know about? Oh, it's an S. Sure. That's a daddy's name. Oh, it ends with an S. Oh, hmm. Baker 13. 38 votes on the pool. We got to get to 14. Oh, my. I wish you could probably aim for 15 when you think John 15 will be. Now, 14. 14 times that let's not overshoot. You know what I'm saying? Should for this guy be like a dinner Cries wanted to win every election yesterday. We're in the just looking for a little bit too much. They should be real satisfied with what they got. Especially with what they're offering. When you think, yes. Yes. What are they offering? Although司 will look like a script that the title will be. Fleursby would go up with Florida was a pushing a police officer and resisting arrest in downtown Orlando police now is Tim and pepper spray before they can handcuff him. The fric is began about 2.45 an AM outside the M.C. sweet so tell on Pine Street where Senator Nelson Elm is victory party after defeating Republican challenger Catherine Harris by a margin of 60 to 38. Oh, a very nice gas on tight one. And the auction too. There was a report of a fight when police arrived here in Grand Nelson's companion Kimberly Baxter, appeared to be passed out and sunk over on a corner of Pine Street, Magnolia Avenue. It was apparent that the defendant Charles Roy de Nelson was not capable of making an informed decision concerning Ms. Baxter's medical condition. The officer wrote, describing Nelson is wreaking a booze, storing his speech unable to stand upright. Well, he's celebrating that he's winning it. Sure. That's good enough for a Jimmy and his family. It's good enough for the Nelson plan. Who quite frankly are very boring anyway. When the officer radio headquarters went ambulance, they said it was trying to pick up and then drag Baxter's body across the sidewalk into the hotel. It was trying to slipper into the hotel. Told by the officer to put Baxter down, the Senator signed a drop-around the sidewalk for a head came within about two inches of striking the middle base of the traffic control signal. The officer then told the Senator said, believe the area. Charles Roy de Nelson responded to the report said, by shutting the officer and telling him, no, you need to leave. In the moment the follow the police officer performed a tactic on the defendant coming in Ozey, face-paint, plant, face-clans. In which the 200 pound five-foot non-systems that was forced to the ground to report shows, however, the Senator suddenly rolled on his back, continued to find the officer while the crowd gathered began shouting. I called for emergency assistance. He obviously wrote the deployed two to three-second burst of pepper spray to his face that a fellow wrote over on his stomach and I handcuffed him. Pepper spray, I wonder for his cloud pepper spray. Baxter's condition cannot be learned this morning. The Senator suddenly released from jail after posting bail of a $1,000 on the felony charge of battery on law enforcement officer, 100 bucks on a charge of your short-lain intoxication, and 100 bucks on resisting arrest of our violence. I like that. Bill Nelson, boy, Rio, very low key quiet almost coma inducing individuals. Let me see my coma toast to you. He's very boring, very wooden-moody. Wow, wouldn't you know it. But his son is making up for it though. He's just a wild child. This a little bit too much experience in this celebration. 26 past noon and five, 60, every two-way mad dog coming up into a plant. 13, I've been 42 votes on the full. I think we got the 14-lick. Fourteen, we got 14-lick. That's what Dennis Foley said. Only 14. He said this 14-lick. Start, lick him. Let me tell you about drug concerts, man. I have no four-skinned. Look in brassulations, get a life. So I don't know where it is about a little 4aa season without outstanding old heroes. Two-fight hops. Tire this. Metal, damaged arm, they just blew up me the wrong way. And my son McNam все fent limit and everything<|tl|> Jahrens decreasing send them to Shut. How are we hate you C Herm through through new week and through the molostins in most vulnerable sickness Supplements auntil ... How are we hate you? We don't catch her right now on the ground. We got she must have over one double bar. One key step, one of the crimes he could use to grab on, and send her news. Oh, oh, tell her he hates you. Some crazy boys, she kicks a big fat smelly ass in New York yesterday, and she's one by like, she almost 70% of the vote I believe. And Jordan is still unimpressed. Oh, no, I'm unimpressed. I'm scared. Very scared. Be afraid. Be afraid. Bob Geiger writes, send it results are the harshest slap I'd bush to which we say. Oh, rock. Good. Jane Hanksr says it best at fire dog lake this morning, as she weighs in with his gym. The most powerful woman in the US history, two words guaranteed to reduce any windmelt to a puddle of tea, speaker Pelosi. Seven majority of leader Harry Weed has a nice rain to do it as well. And while the stunning Democratic takeover for the House representatives is absolutely huge, and globally. The biggest repeatings aged in judge derivative voice they've seen, Carl Waffen, they'll hold corrupt secret agenda is what will be a glorious 51 to 49 democratic majority in the Senate. Simply looking at nominations made by the executive rank illustrates the enormity of the filtering mechanism that the Senate of the Supposed Represent Huffings will change, now the Congress is on for chamber, we're no longer simply taking everything coming out of the White House and allowing it to pass like a hot knife through Butter. The incredibly yielded vised apulmanage on Bolton to be a merciless chief diplomat that if the UN would have been killed quickly, with an Democratic majority instead of being blocked by filibuster, which all of a sudden, the Bush defined Congress in the Staling Bolton and a recess appointment. On the U.S. Supreme Court, senior associate justice John Paul Stevens is 86, raising likelihood that Bush is summing his nine impeaps. Would be in a position of appointing yet another African servant judge to replace the liberal-linear Stevens. How is that for a thought to make you lose your lunch? The Democrats controlling the Senate's judiciary committee and the progress of any Supreme Court nominee to be forward to Senate, and 51 Democrats awaiting any Bush pick if he or she should reach a full vote. Bush will be neutered in any attempt to push the high court even farther than the right. The sauce will apply to federal judges, which receive a fraction as much attention as the Supreme Court nominees, but also to directly impact the quality and character of the American legal system. Democrats will also control committees, which runs a huge file out on the Senate and thousands committee, in particular, which will be accepted in Democrats' stubborn, worse, fine-border Wisconsin, raising how on a regular basis, and spent the majority of lives who years asleep at this switch, and turning a blind eye to Bush and Trinity doing constitution-busting things like spying on Americans without required warrants. With sleepy pad Roberts at the helm, the intelligence committee has decided that an overwhelming body of evidence that Americans were lied to and lied in the Iraq War wasn't where he even talking about, and that taking seriously the recommendation of the nine-loven commission might interfere with the committee members' daily golf date at the Neocom Country Club. With Democratic wind by GM Web and John Sester and Virginia in Montana, and watch for the GOP elections, seeing the mechanism to kick in the high gear on those victories, the Senate can awaken from its long Republican slumber and actually begin paying attention to the nonsense coming out of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Wow, advice and consent oversight. How are those for some wild concepts? It says. While concepts, maybe, is there some area of the Neocangest? 1366 on a poll. I think we ought to shoot from 15. Don't you? You can do it. Let's shoot for 15 minutes. Chuck and West Palm says, happy birthday. Well, thank you Chuck, better late than ever. I'm one of the thousands of those in your cars and never get counted. It says, oops, it was your very topic. That is a good topic. You listen to the car and never get counted in your, well, what does that mean? I mean, if you get a diary, if you're listening to the driving still lights that up, I don't know what you mean, Chuck. He doesn't. He says, I'm in a WWE 2-bedroom yesterday who has two purple hearts. He told me he went to the vet hospital in West Palm Beach. They have two floors blocked off with their rack patients, as you said. It is absolutely unbelievable. Unbelievable. And unacceptable. Okay, thanks Chuck. You sure had not on straight. It all straightened up. Josie Lambe's page to an uponbe's post. Why? Josie's still up there in Palm Beach. He still run stuff for the inquirer or whether your tambo is weathered. That would say. I would have happened at Josie Lambe. How come Josie Lambe was an all over the, uh, Miss, uh, fully, uh, christening? Hmm? Teacher told him, but gay quiz back in closet, right? Josie Lambe then has page two in the Palm Beach post. Today? He says, just what is it that they're teaching in the Palm Beach is stayed the Benjamin school these days. A while respected educator with the Providence Statutory was given the old. Don't do it again. After handling his nine hometown students, home room students, a quiz about home and sexuality that included this question. How do you know that you're truly hit a residual if you ever had a gay experience? That's it. You gay people always say. Yeah, how do you know you won't like it? Hmm? If you don't try it. Like like Susie, you know? Yeah. I know. What? I don't mind. No Susie. That's fine. I don't mind. I just like how to want no heterosexual sex. By all of you teach you a diversity director, Maurice Dolberg, gave the quiz to juniors, eight boys in a girl, during a discussion about sexual diversity. I'm told that Dolberg got the idea and the transformative recently diversity conference and the services, Josie. Also on the 12 question essay, quiz, how can you give a truly satisfying relationship with someone of the opposite sex? How can you have a truly satisfying relationship with someone of the opposite sex? Even all the obvious physical and emotional differences. And is it possible that you are heterosexual because you fear the same sex? Sounds like a leading on here to me, quite. Sounds like a mischolic kind of exam. Uh-huh. This was a mistake said head of school Eugene Gross and it won't happen again. I found out about your heterosexual because you fear the same sex. Sounds like a leading on here to me, quite. Sounds like a mischolic kind of exam. This was a mistake said head of school Eugene Gross and it won't happen again. I found out about this to a complaint. None of us is perfect. I discussed this with Mr. Dolberg. He's a tremendous asset to this school and has my full support. A source at the school, which came to North County and Palm Beach parents with enough Dolberg jumped on 17 grand from one high school year. Said two of Dolberg's students brought up a quiz with another teacher who then went to Gross and said, Gross. School officials try to get all test copies back, but one stuff passed them. School officials try to get all test copies back, but one slipped through their fingers. Benjamin teaches me twice a week with a home-to-home room kid and discuss a wide range of topics from politics to dating to peer-first year to sports. Dolberg is also the school's wrestling coach. Uh-huh. Then at that. Uh-huh. The quiz was, wasn't supposed to be great and wasn't information gathering. It was not as great as it is. It was designed to be self-reversed by a pro-focaine. You get an effort. We're great. Yeah. I get an effort. I'm not a home-to-home. It's timing was partly because of the reason congressional paid scandal and the announcement that the disgrace for more US representative Mark Foli is gay. Said parent advisory board member Beth Kirsten. It's the first I've heard about this, but I'll look into what doesn't sound right. The school refused to make Dolberg available for an interview. So it's not to open anymore. It's to work in a month or two. Public criticism is what schools folks will even say. There you go. How do you know you're not gay if you don't feel this shot? You've never done nothing. You're not straight if you don't feel this shot. I don't even know. Yeah. You know. You know what you're saying? We all know just some people can't admit it. That's correct. Just like five and ten there. That's right. That's right. If you'll so sorry for him and his family and the conference. I listen to a story about returning to the kids. I'm taking that then heaven day said. So just when you thought he was a superwet just dude out came to stories and sounded pretty crude. Bad things, that is. Getting his court. Sorten that. Well the first thing you know old head to hit the credit. Then again love while he was rubbing it. They said they'd forget this ad. Drop to you knees and cry say you sinned and ignore him. I'll write. The biggest name. So this tell us if this is real. Roger's. For Shwitio 5-6-2-2-3. And we talk about. Take the defense and prepare to feel your love. You're not sad. And you're not old by the public. I know. I know. I know. I know. So do we keep this thing in your today. Run your念. Run your에서도. Show it to 부드�ate the centuries of truth. Foto lans elbow wel a horrible word of force. Forty feet. Sithan Sobs In New World for flare down. Fuxels käven handicap. Holy body. Greg, you're our state-w Perhaps, you're right. Ah! Sealed heaven. So, please watch our sing-a world. We will come to the next meeting, no one better as we're back to Big Gets. We've heard of the last goal and it's no longer 40. Number 7 of five, she said, it doesn't matter if they're sending you guys a little swim, right? That's what they change. He says, those swims. They're with them. 1385 are pulled, but we're going to go for 1500. We can't do it by two o'clock, and if we do, man, go to the next two o'clock, and we're going to go for Geltia. Yeah, that would be like, yeah, and the voltage is all that comes pouring in. I got to admit something to you, which I really don't have to, but I will anyway, because I'm too honest for my own good, okay? Because I know that you're going to just rip me in as, but that's good, because I need that. On the food side. Oh, yeah. Well, I've just got my pants on, and I also had my shirt on here a moment ago, and I just went to the closet and the room that sure wasn't up. Always crowded. Charlie Christ was in there. Yeah. I said, it's okay. He won. He's still in there. And I took that shirt off that I put on, which is one of my favorite shirts as a matter of fact, I like it a lot, but I can't wear it, because I said back down here with my shirt on, and it was too tight. Oh, boy. See, I'd have to say that. I'm worth them, and how about me, too? That's when I start cutting the crap, it's on my clothes start to not fit. So, I just got me a loose shirt, not as nice of you, but I've never lost it, so who the hell cares, I ain't a bad shirt? You're on it, Louisiana says, I don't know if you brought this up, but Julie women is against who the push to the American people. He's the latest version of Ralph Mader, because the leader of his pension for voting with the Republican Party, the Democrats nominated a medley month of run for Senate Lieberman who is the, above, above, above, above Bernie Sanders, the Vermont is an independent book considered Democrat and the caucus, and himself calls himself a socialist Democrat. So, right now, I look 50, 50, and Lieberman keeps voting with his head up, is that? Okay, what do you want to do? What is that? All about cheese, for God. Whoo! What a bunch of nonsense. Anyway, chipperize, it would appear that whether you like it or not, and we like it, the American voting public, which would include not just a few Republicans who are pissed off and fired up about not just the war, but the Republican propensity for corruption and destroying the constitution of this great country of ours. They're pissed off and fired up, and we saw that. That's when you get a big turnout when people are pissed off. Or, I would also imagine you might get a big turnout if people are like real happy, you know, if they like what's going on? Like what's going on? Yeah. They like Bubba. Come on. And he was there with his wife, your girlfriend last night, but I want to mention that I think I needed all of a sudden. I do. It says, you can present all the Bush machine power points to like. The American voters have spoken and we ain't done yet. The direction this country has taken for the last 12 years, where the House and Senate had just effing rubber stamp or stumbling block, depending on who is in office, will not come to order with more partisan point of view. Access to one side of demo or red state point of view, but a more simple is governing body, really listen to the people when they scream about setting aside habeas corpus, one of the most defining parts of our great constitution. So a dictator type person can make unbelievable decisions without any text and bounces, game over, says, yeah, game over. All right, yes. He's very delicious to us, we are. He's all with them fired up to a frenzy. He's using himself. 13, every 91 votes on a poll which means will be over 14 by the top of the hour. I think 15 is within our grasp. We can grasp it. We can grab it. We chow and grasp the grab ring or reach out and grab grab the best thing. I told you today, there's sometimes I'm sitting there or would buy and I have a feeling I'd like to reach out and grab the best thing, but I'm not doing that. Do you ever have that feeling all the time? I must be getting worse. I told you this couple of weeks ago, as you get older, you get worse. Not, you know, people think, oh, as you get older, you lose your eye all at the horning there's not no one's worse. Yeah, so far I haven't noticed anything. No, no, no, it's not at all. In fact, you see somebody really, really good walk by and just want to reach out and grab the nearest, you know, like, yeah, after one and I checked. Can you reach out? So, what's that made of? Can that be felt? Hmm. Oh, there you go at the Mark Holy seven again. Hmm. Although I sent to myself quietly because that's, you know, probably a better idea. Here's the fact that says I was, well, that sounds like they're chaining up. I was listening to Matthews in Obermann last night and of course I saw this and I, I don't actually know that. I already thought about how he was growing Howard Jean and trying to make it look to him just like, you know, and then he had Bill Fist on there and he had this hit up Bill's ass. Wow, wow, it's better. It was sad. But then that's the Chris Matthews. He likes politics, you know, politics and his brother runs for office and all those other crap. He's a jerk. He's a real sad jerk, Chris Matthews. Keep the Obermanns all they got and of course, what's his name? Mr. Hurt, which you finally discovered. Who's that? Oh, no, I remember. I'm surprised that the, you finally, after all this time, I've been, I've been related to his face to memory. He's good. He's a great, broadcast. Very well spoken. Yeah, he's got a great voice and he's like, human looking and he's good on TV and good on NBC radio and when we're 1395 and a full, come on. Let's go, step over 14, I've been before Rungshel starts talking. He had Bob Woodward. When he's stepping down, how do you like that? He's a watergate from Woodward and Bernstein. He's building step in down. He's talking about this tense relationship with the Secretary of Defense, and the record of his leaders within the military, within the Pentagon, also with his commanders there on the ground in a rock. And now, even with the President coming forward and a number of other military leaders, still active in the military saying that they support the Secretary of Defense, the feeling was. And it's Bush's coming on and here you start with, must you do by nothing? They're under a lot of pressure, maybe. Lot of pressure. So let's get Rungshel here. Let's do nail his ass and long overdue, by the way. Speaking of horses' asses, UK scientists have applied for a permission to create embryos by accusing human DNA with colleagues. You see, if people were listening to this show, all the stuff that happens during the four hours that were on every day, I mean, I realize it's got nothing to do with sports. But, you know, they'd have to wait till they came home from the worker whatever to find out about Rungshel's out. He's out stepping down, resigning. Not that he's being fired, you understand? He's resigning now. He's tired. Just like George Tenon, he didn't get fired. He resigned for personal. It's been more time with his family, hiding under the bed. UK scientists have applied for permission to create embryos by accusing human DNA with colleagues. You're going to feel so bad next time you have a state, if you want to walk. No. Researchers from Newcastle University in King College, London, have asked the human fertilization in embryology authority for a three-year license. Well, I could probably get one from the state of Florida, and I ought to go to do is email it. The application. I'll give you six-year license in Florida. The hybrid human bovine embryos have been used for stem cell research, and would not be allowed to develop for more than a few days. The critic says it's unethical and potentially dangerous. Liberal Democrat MP, Dr. Evan Harris, a member of the Common Science Technology Solar Committee, says, if human benefit can be derived by perfecting therapeutic cloning techniques or from research and the sexually derived stem cell, then it would actually be a moral preventive just because of a yuck factor. Well, there's a guy with a cow head. Yuck. There's a cow a day a human head. There's a guy with an assuck or cow. The stem cell research is one of the most promising areas of medical science. Of course, stem cells are the body's mastery cells in five-day old embryos are packed with them, each with a potential to turn any into any tissue in the body. It is disability with scientists want a harness to treat diseases like Parkinson's disease strokes, diabetes Alzheimer's disease, to do that they need them access to thousands of embryos for research. The problem is that human-axeal research are insured supply and will obtain a woman have to undergo surgery. That's why scientists want to use cow zags as a substitute. It would insert human DNA into a cow zag which has said it's genetic material removed and then it created an embryo by the same technique that produced a dolly of the sheep. It would never be something. Oh, high dolly? Hello dolly. The result of the embryo would be 99.9% human thing. The only robot element would be DNA outside the nucleus of the cell. Now, there was a cell or human might have a tail, though. It would detectively be a chimera chimera chimera. A mix of two distinct species into one. A chimera? You could say that. What you said. What do you mean? I can say it. I don't want to say it. It literally would act butchering out for us as it is. I've heard it said every way that it kind of happens. I've heard it for my life. Let's say, chimera. Chimera. Chimera. I'm going to Google it during the break. You know, you're asked for my tail. The embryo needs to extract stem cells from the embryo when it takes days old before destroying it. The quality and viability stem cells would then be checked to see if the technique had worked. It was called a genetic mix and pumpkin pie. What's that song? Peaches, apples, peaches, hard or hard. Yeah, you know, genetic mix. Also on a orange label. The scientists also planned to examine the way the cells are reprogrammed after fusion. Oh, that was quick. Let's take a look at that. Apple peaches and pumpkin pie, maybe that's right. Scientists also planned to examine the way the cells are reprogrammed after fusion. They are useful processes that can replicate in the laboratory. A chimera. Chimera. Lead research your doctor, allow Armstrong said, if we can learn from the egg, how to make embryo and stem cells without having to use an animal egg at all, then someday we be able to cure diseases like Parkinson's or better still, some of the age related diseases which are creating such a burnout society. Dr. Stephen Minger from King's College London said, the current state that technology has said literally hundreds of human eggs from the young women will be required to generate the single human embryonic stem cell line. Therefore, we consider it more appropriate to use non-human eggs from livestock as a surrogate. We feel that the development of disease specific human embryonic stem cell lines from individual suffering from genetic forms of neurodegenerative disorders will stimulate both basic research and the development of non-efficient treaties horrific brain diseases. Wow. Donny Remstrel, you're out, baby. You've had it. It came for the remainder of his term. And why counts of official senior administration officials very consistently have said they believe that the president would see this as some sort of signal of failure, not only internationally to allies overseas, but also to the American people. Well, that's it. The same thing around us though, that we said in the Clay Shrawl last night. Hi, bye. No, this is not a tomb. It's the one to two hours. Good, pretty old five, 60. You know, it's quite a game last weekend. No, we'll be able to honor the death. And we'll be able to make a move this month. We'll be able to make a move this month. I wonder if you might sit when you're game once in a while. Then we'll be blessed down here, right? Yeah, let's go to bed. You know, there was a time and ready on the sports was relegated to just a minute or so of the five or six o'clock news. You know, I can't remember the report. We're all that we're going to do. I don't really know. Well, that was back in the day. Radio stations were format. It's a vintage and all the gifts. I wouldn't know about them. Yeah, I mean, they're doing, but in terms of sports, I mean, that we're blessed. Yes, they're a bit. So, uh, has the kids? Uh, I ain't got those gifts at all, where we'll... Oh, that's right. Hey, if I do repeat this haven't told you. Hey, listen, I got a user's trailer for a minute. Your mind, hold it on. No, not at all. Thanks. You're what we call the business, uh, a holdover. Yeah, I guess a holdover. So you won't mind if I... Right. Okay, I'll be right back. We'll be back with more of the Neo Roger show after Part Two of our sports home when we joined on 5JUK's 888. Oh, I know. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. I know. But we're... We're... We're... We're... We're... We're... We're... We're... Still there? Yeah. I'm outside of sports, there's really nothing else going on. Yeah, I mean, no. Nothing else exists as an out of stock. I mean, nothing. Nothing else could be of any concern. Yeah. The pumpy here inside our little box. Yeah, yeah. But I have to admit that you have a terrible position. Well, that's just a girl. Actually, uh, you know, why they didn't know? We, uh, really can talk about that. Well, I can have a day, uh. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, what do you eat this morning? I did that to your brother, Galbi. Oh, how do you like your brother? He's very stupid. Yeah. You know, I got a little frame in your coffee, huh? See? I got a little frame in your coffee, huh? I got a little frame. I got a little frame. That's a sports lab. Oh, that's a way, that's a whole... Yeah. Oh, uh, I should get this. I'll show you. Hold on a second, okay? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we back with more of the new Raging Show. That's a part 3. About a sport home only joined. Let's go home, Radio. 5, 60, 2, 8, uh... Okay. Okay. No problem, folks. 5, 5. Still there? That was a coach. Oh, okay. So, we've got a lot of work to do. Okay. 5, 5. Still there? Yeah. That was a coach. Oh, yeah. Okay. So, tell me something. Yeah. When you say the word coach, you just can't say coach. Right? Yeah. We say coach. That's big, and reverence. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You like some gay coach, be a five of the positions. Yeah. Because right, all about the game, right? I, it's a win. I want to kiss. Yeah. You're lips. Do. And I want to prevent your favorite lips. Yeah. Yeah. And our hearts. Well, fly. Oh, way. It's not again. I love. I love. I love. Oh, first time in the end, where's what we need him? Oh, we're back already, huh? That was typical of our little video. He's only one of six. Yeah, we're not too happy about those long, rejoins, parents. And there's time in which it's all in the game. And there's a lot of different modules. You know. Did it? I think. I don't know. I'm not going to look at how much I'm not going to look at that. I'm not going to look at how much I'm looking at him. Can't do it. Swayley, run me as a step-in-down or expect you to buy your dog. And the group has expected to provide recommendations on a way forward. There he is. Great. Can't so-you'd an hour. They said me's extending his leg really much a week. The election has changed many things in Washington, but there's not change in my fundamental responsibility. There's still a bosom and the dame is plunder. Steve Wright. That's correct. South Dakota voters yesterday firmly rejected a law ban in nearly all abortions, but supporters of the measure of how to continue pushing to further restrict abortion in the state. With 91% of the state's precincts reporting 55% of post-the abortion ban, a 45% be supporting it. The yesterday's vote ended a heated campaign that the draw-and-extensive national attention while dividing the state's medical and religious communities campaign spending trying to sway voters toward an early $4 million. How many people live in South Dakota? About 10? About 30 men? Yeah, they get them mad lines. The South Dakota campaign for healthy families, the group of the fourth measure on a ballot, called the bills of the media, victory for reproductive rights. I think most importantly, it sends a strong message to our legislators that Kate Luby, South Dakota State Director of Plan Parenthood, South Dakota and Savannah enough abortion legislation, and off-orbidate the state's vote. Okay enough, as they say in China. 1425 votes, I think we have one, a halabish object, a 15. Okay, we have one, a primer director of the CIA, a sexist and a university. It's confirmed by the Senate. Bob will bring more than 25 years of national security experience and a stellar reputation as an effective leader with a stand judge, because that Buffalo Bob is going to be room-cell security. Sure, sure. Thanks for asking us from both political parties and roads from an entry-level employee and the CIA to become the director of Central Intelligence. Okay. During a service at the CIA and at the National Securities, Rumsfield and I agreed it was time for a change. You know, there was a rumor you're fired. Delpium meet the challenges and opportunities are country faces during the next two years. Yeah. He is serving as a member of the Baker-Hamleted Commission. He's a steady solid leader who can help make the necessary adjustments in our approach to meet our current challenges. I will have more to say about Secretary Rumsfield and Bob Gates later. Bob Gates, oh, there you go. Bob Gates. I wonder if he's given the Bill Gates, I'm sure he's not. Chimera. Ballet measures to ban same-sex marriage were winning in 7 of 8 states, ladies. Today was voters' Arizona post to be the first in the nation to turn down such a measure. No, that? No. The measures all constitutional amendments still in the marriage to hetero-riciations in ban said the must-have-partnership's past in Virginia, South Carolina, Tennessee, and we're winning in Colorado. South Dakota was constant in Idaho. A proposal that created domestic partnerships in Colorado, appeared headed to defeat. We've just 45% of the vote, but more than half the states, precincts to be part of the result. Well, this stuff is sure coming off, but you slow, it's for a crying out loud. That's right. That's how it was. The most came at the end of a campaign season marked by important developments in the arena. It was the same-sex marriage and gay politics. On October 25, I know about Ted Hagrin, about New Jersey, and gay rights advocates called a perfect winner. Arizona where a ban was trading 48 to 52%, with 95% of the precincts. We're putting a big win. Symbolically, it's as important as the Massachusetts marriages, the season said, Joe Salomonasey, President of the Human Rights Campaign, a national gay rights group. Well, there you go. Miss Chris King, go to Arizona, marry his boyfriend or somebody, his Mary Mary. Very, very. Well, I just can't wait for you to get this movie. I think you're going to be smitten with Man's Point. Yes, but that's one of the final flux I've seen in a long time. That's why I'd be feeling about it. I'm all stoked. Are you? Yep. See, the worst thing that will happen now is you'll get it. And he's like, uh, this was okay. Hey, even the island, which, uh, which sucked a high heaven wasn't so bad just because Scarlet was running around in it. Oh, we're going to see the people versus Larry Flanagh, what are how many of you four let awards are going to be in this movie? Oh, luckily it's not coming through. What the hell was that? Oh, are you getting ready? Yeah. There's the pool for guys to look at. See, well, I'm just looking just in case to see if that's on again right now. Because it was on last night again, match point. But nevertheless, we don't want to. We don't want to get sidetracked here. We have enough, enough dilly downing with that, uh, QM rejoin bit. I think what we ought to do is, which I thought was very funny with it. It is great. And I think what we ought to do is after every break we'll play that instead of the rejoin. It'll take time. Yeah, four minutes every time. Here's a fashion credit. I apologize if, uh, I've already mentioned this. You already submitted and listed. If not, then please check out these Canadians going on here in Florida. And it's in Katherine Harris's oldest, is a 13. Can you believe 11,000 less people vote for their congressional seats in for the governor or senator? That's how the voting turned out. Unbelievable, so Fred always here, huh? And then here's the article about it. So as a recon battle is brewing, fittingly, in Katherine Harris's old seat, we're voting shortfall on buggy electronic voting machines is calling election results in the doubt. Republican Vroom B. Cannon was tamed to a 360-8 vote as over Democrat Christine Jennings for the 13th congressional district early this morning. All the be candid declared victory just before one o'clock in the morning. The race is in margin kept Jennings from conceding defeat, and we'll turn it with automatic recap. The results were loaded with controversies nearly 13% of all ballots cast in Sarasota didn't include any choice for Congress. That difference in scattered reports is difficult. Finding the race on Sarasota's touchscreen ballots, race concerns about under votes in the race. Supervisor elections Kathy Denford explained why 8 to 10,000 fewer people voted in the congressional race than other high-profile races for governor attorney general U.S. Senate, but she said nothing mechanical went wrong where the company's 4.7 million dollar touchscreen voting machine system. Throughout the day, voters complained that touchscreen voting machines were not ready to three votes for Jennings properly. Jennings campaign held a midday press conference to one of the problems widespread. Already democratic Democrats were calling it lower some of the democratic national committee to weigh on the potential voting issues. In Sarasota County, with all but one precinct reporting, 87,797 people voted for Bill Nelson, Katherine Harris, or another candidate for U.S. Senate, and the governor's race between Kristen Davis, 87,6778 County residents voted. Only 76,549 voted for Jennings or B. Cannon in comparison to about 3,000 more people voted in the Sarasota public hospital board election. But a similar under vote was never court and other counties that voted in the district of the district. But there you go. Katherine Harris had her fine finger with it. You know there was some hanky spanky. Had enough to make her race with Bill Nelson even remotely closed, but never to less. Right? Absolutely. Anywhere that piece is involved, you know it's going to be some real hanky spanky man. Good to see her go down, so to speak. 14 and between I vote Senate, pull we need 71 votes in 47 minutes. That's us in two minutes. We can do it. You know, we're constantly changing tactics. Yeah, we know the sad. You know what we're going to do now? What? No, I mean actually they have been doing it for a long time, but they're going to do it more blatantly like in every neighborhood from Costa coast because they're not too happy with a result of last isolation. Kill some people. Oh, that. Speak of that, you know, all I sense a traumatic experience just as we're in Troyer. There's a little bit of the word even loves the old rotters. Run, spell. Do we have to give you a picture? Are your days over because it is a pretty rocky strip? Run, spell. You do have to explain what they did. They've got it with money. They've got it with money. You make a big human pyramid. I think it's done a wacky. What they did to the back teeth? Now is the link just now that you feel free to catch my thread of from our boys. They made a great job. But putting them in a gap. Don't you want them to bear you with their kids a bad way? Run, spell. You're so kind of watching the new rip. Run, spell. You're going to have to give you a big clip. Run, kill you with their kids. Let me run. I've got democracy these days. Tonight we arrive in an open place. 1457 votes on a poll today. We're going to make 1500 by the top of the RLDM while 1-0-Y. We're getting reports in all kinds of mud slinging and stuff if we don't get to 1500. 1439 we need 61 and 40 minutes. That should be 1 1 1 1 1 a minute. So just look at your watch and give a half of it a reotherman. Which of these you hear about the most? My income, 6773, almost half, 46.7% income, money, money, money, money, give it a money honey. My 6 life 302, my health 172, I hate this pool low 3 7.1% kind of a modest. That's not too bad. Not bad at all. 2658, my faith 50, my faith in the Lord, my faith in God. 2658, my faith 50, the National Football League 50. See my faith in the NFL. I can't separate. Because the NFL is more than a sport. It's a religion. You understand that George? You get it? Oh, I do. I do now. And Iraq 31. You better get it. You better get with the program. You never be on that morning. Sure, with Kenny and Bo. 1443. So who's already this morning that Kenny is pissed off because then we'll learn to do whatever he wants? I didn't say that it was pissed off. I know. I just made that up. But you just relax. No. Just like you probably made up the whole story anyway. Yeah, well, I did. Sure, style. Now, who was the mole? Who was in the door? Was it Robert? I'm not telling. It was the beast. I know damn well was the beast. It was Greg. Uh-huh. Two-way, you already admitted it was the beast. I thought the beast was not not showing more. Is that it? So he wasn't even there this morning. No. Oh, then I know for sure what it is. Yeah, yeah. He's got a little moth like a toy with a brain to match. And a personality to match to a real smitty personality. I know you won't pass the virus. You're there and I'm here. So you have to keep on. I open up a mouth. People stop telling me stuff. And then where would we be? Oh, get out of here. That's what they want. They take you to the stuff because they know you'll tell them to me and I'll put it on the air. Yeah, but they don't want to own it. You know what I mean? Well, how about if they buy it? I think you're a vodka-rendit. Daniel or Taga wins. Civilization is we know ends. Rice well in burger. I wonder if he's kind of bobber. Former San Anissely, the Daniel or Taga, a period of one the Nikarag one presidential election. And he was in happy. Why? Who else? And who knows why exactly the West Hill simultaneously feed a member in south of the border elections and the Pauhanos countries resett us for doing so. These are rhetorical questions. Or Taga first came to power in 1979 after outsting Anissely of Samoza, the US spectator who's family had run a garage with since the mid 1930s. It was part of a ruling junta till 1985 when he was elected president. In 1990 he lost the presidency to a former junta colleague of the elected Samoro. During the entire tenure of his leadership the Reagan administration funded an armed group of Pauhanosadled rug smugglers known as the countries and likened by Reagan to the founding fathers of the West who are apparently in Reagan's mind also a bunch of swamp, red, dope dealing thugs working to find a country that had been established on the years earlier. But that's another story. His history includes whether solid allegations of corruption, allegations of sexual abuse or misstep daughter, and two more failed presidential bids which sounds to me a lot like a good handful or more Republican court congressional figures. He's also a former Marxist which narrows the similarities considerably with perhaps not entirely. Regardless of something of a mystery why probably corrupt possibly abusive and certainly power hungry politician in a small and entirely powerless country should abuse this degree of angst, aroused this degree of angst among his like-minded brethren of the north. But aroused it he does and not only among conservative Steve Clemens of foreign policy, Juan Cate, postpartisan New American foundation and proprietor of the widely-wired Washington note is of something of a tizzy but or a or take his success and the winning US influence in central America, South America and around the globe. He writes when I was in Germany recently I spoke before the FTP foreign policy parliamentary group chaired by Werner Hoyer in the Bundesstaug. One of Hoyer's key concerns has been nicker odd one in the selection and he's down there now attempting to support the other guy. But what Hoyer and many others who've watched these elections have reported is that America's not only weaker in the eyes of Latin American citizens but that citizens are motivated to actually help roll back American power. Like for Skyn, roll it back. As one German politician told me it's remarkable that our take is bouncing back without a super power sponsor competing with America. That's what's troubling. The opposition of American interest is winning in many places and there's no global rival. When the mistake of American power was erected in Iraq and President Bush showed our military financial limits, ally staff counting on us much and enemies have moved their agenda forward. I'm picking on Clemens here. It says because he's elected candidate for a second or third tier state department position in the next democratic administration and he says, blanket is a blind mural on a dark night. I like that expression. I think the blanket is a blind mural on a dark night. That's great. Okay. Some point we'll look at the incident order in detail. But Vernal let's focus on the bewildered injury of a man who can't understand why. After more than a century of nonstop US-Metalian South and Central America, often including support for the most barbarous regimes in the hemisphere, many citizens are sick of a stereotype of us already. And it goes on. It's on our website because I was a long-saw and answer about Daniel Ortega. Which I thought he played for the effects. So the Secretary of Rome's failed. Yeah, he plays to the clubs. Might as well he got nothing else to do in there much to lose his anyhow. 1456, what are your thoughts? What are your thoughts and dessert? Cute. It's a good movie. And I mentioned nobody has seen that. You and me. The dry sea pin. I still got it. You know why it's in? I don't know. Thanks. I about the mannequin. I'll bring it. No. I'll bring it. Now I don't know. Would you think that movie is too slow for a judge? I don't know. It seems fine. It seems up his alley. It's, you know, got weirdness. Yeah. I think that's why I want you to up his alley. Now the fact of the matter is it's kind of interesting because he likes Christian and his oldly never say anything about being slow. Maybe he just said that because he didn't want you to ripen it. I love when you guys read a diagram out my movie taste. Yeah. That's what we did. We're not diagram anything. We're just analyzing it. And it seems to me that you like Christian and his old. You're the one that taught me into watching in the first place. Yeah. Yeah. Josh, I'll be with you. But you're right. He says man. He says, I rang those really hot in that movie. And I said, yeah. And now we'll say this. He did look better in that movie than the other ones. But it has movies go at the lights fighter man and Spider-Man too a lot better. Yeah. Well, they all say drag. Like, just an end of his oldy seems to be so far. Now, did you think it dragged? Josh? Yeah. It was a little bit slow. See, I didn't think it was slow because it took me half the movie to figure out who was slicing up whom you're because they had all the armor on. Right. Well, that was all fine when you know, it started out just finding there or fighting and everything. And then it's, it got bogged down in the bog somewhere. Oh. I'm actually a scarlatio handsetwooder been even a gotten bogged down. 14 59 in the pool. We got 41 we need in 33 minutes. I think it's, I think it's a given. We're tabulating the votes. Those who may think that the elections over and of course they're having the recon virginia and it's not happening yet, but they will because that McCock was just thinking of throwing the towel. Thank you. Great evening. Well, 35 I should do my best. We got 14 out of the 72 votes on the pool. We need 20 inch or 15 out of it. I might just need to want to you guys thought we'd get to 15 today. You were the time was dreaming. I thought I was a loose man I didn't care, but nevertheless you can do that. Josh, there's, he cares. Not a lot. He cares more than you do, which is very little. But even just like a little bit. Just enough. Just, he cares enough to set this very best. Anyway, we can't think. Let's see if we got like any new votes if they counted like two or four more votes. Senator George Allen's political career hung by a thread today and as Democrats, you and Web time victory, though fewer than 8,000 votes separated the two and we counted virtually certain. The votes are in and we won Web said, though there were still votes to count. With 99% of pre-since reporting, Web had 1 million, 170,000 by 160, 4 votes or 49.6% to Allen McCockowitz's votes. 1,6627,717 or 49.3% difference of 3-tents of 1%. A final count, including all absentee balances expected later today, a copper which is hanging by a thread. There are no automatic recounts in Virginia, but state law allows a candidate who finishes a half percentage point or less behind to request a recount paid for by state local governments. With the margin greater than, but less the greater than that, but less than 1 percentage point, the training candidate can still seek a recap, but as to pay the cost of the results of one change. It's like a challenge in a football game in the NFL. You lose your time out. Either way, a week count could not begin until after the state board of ed election certifies the results in November 27, the losing candidates got 10 days after that to request a recount. You following this? No. They can't begin the recount until after the state board of ed election certifies the results, which is November 27, which is about three weeks away. Then the losing candidates got 10 days after that to formally request a recount. So this thing could go, well, you know about those election counts that go on. We go home, do we know? Both parties have teams of time to monitor and intervene in the event of a recount and anticipating the process could stretch in the next month. The full web plan that three McCockowitz serves as supporters to watch carefully as their mainly returns were counted. The counting will continue through the night. We'll continue tomorrow. I know you'll all be like Eagles and Hawks watching is everyone of these votes are counted McCockowitz said. A former governor once popular for abolishing parole, Allen and once been expected to cruise to a second term this year as the warm off the race, 2008 presidential run. I don't think he can count on two big of a McCock of all. His solid conservative credentials and his sunny persona invited comparisons with the other group, Ronald Reagan. In late July, Allen led by 16 points in the year's first independence state live pool. Then came August 11th and they all pointed out SRC Darth, the 20 year old Virginia board man of Indian descent working as a webcam paint volunteer and introduced him at all by Raleigh as McCocka and of skewer racial slurred that the notes are genus of monkeys. A genus. He's not a genus. Sirato was tracking Allen across the state video taping his public appearances as his video rounds McCockus the moment. They came a major national story and was risked for comedians and table talk shows. Then of course once we found out that his mother was Jewish, that's when the McCockowitz thing came. Who started a McCockowitz? Maybe was the case. Let's say it was you. No. No. Senator Keith Obermann. Allen eventually apologized to Sidarth but not until the comment already for Oak widespread scoring by then. The political damage was done and more was to come. In mid September, Allen bristle that a report from making a spursion about his religion when he asked the debate whether his mother was Jewish, your mama. The next day, Allen 54 was raised Christian confirmed that his material grandparents were Jews but said his mother revealed the secret to Moli and August. Right. The secret. Then came out of season from some former football teammates from the University of Virginia that Allen had commonly used a six letter effort against black people that begins with N. Allen did not ever use in the word of the teammates came forward to rebought the claims. Yeah, you say it all the time. You bigoted Yahoo. Oh yeah. As web tie Allen, the president for him, the deadly US occupations, the bracket Allen battle back. He accused Web of denigrating women in 1979 magazine, Art. Toby crying admission of women of the Naval Academy. Allen later tried to portray sexual depictions and webs six by selling more novels as the meaning to women and pornographic and all these things. Web and Naval Academy graduate and decadent to be an adventurer service as a Navy secretary under Reagan, bitterly opposed the war in Iraq and switched to the Democratic Party. You go Jim, we got it. Jamie says we got it. Jamie says we got it. Extra, left me just wanted to barfe all over my shoes. You'll be pleased to know I have a nice little more comfortable loser sure don't know. That's good. All the buttons are button buttons. Yeah, you don't want to strain those buttons. Well, if you quit eating all that ice cream and food, don't forget Friday, the ice cream coming in and the audience just invited to come in and cheer. 14 70 and I bet you that was a really great year. 14 70. I wonder back in the day, you think that they like used to celebrate new years with we have probably out of Google and find out about new year celebrations. Okay, you know what I mean? No. In other words, they made such a big deal. Commercialized and made some drama. I mean, obviously not commercialized. But you know, we'll say everything's commercialized these days. Yeah. I mean, I mean, 14 70 and I wonder if they would have like the big car show was probably on on New Year's Eve. I think it's used to get drunk even back in the old days. I'm sure they're sitting around and I'm sharing ways forward that we will come up with commonality that we're a common ground. Maybe common ground. Here's the great night and now. Right. I think so too. We got mad dog at two. We got to power hour with Humphrey and the mad dog between four and five. Five o'clock. You got Humphrey from the Bank Atlantic Center and in pants and people with seven the pants and so on. The Ranger 730. Sob by the world-selling of education. Are you seeing your on Q.A.M. I don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in Iraq. There's no national guard at now. Don't go. Don't go. It's the work of my internship that's your rating's inside. How? Well, I don't know. I sure you're what I think asked and I was to you and how. You get five somebody put it up to fill my baking pants. What an easy. Right now, James, I'm gonna be coming back. I'm sorry, fix everything. I look worried about it. Come to me. If you want to know what I'll say if I'm shut that transmit into the loudening. Why? That's easy. Show them. Oh, you need a small one. Don't go to the fire. Oh, you need a small one. I don't have that much. Oh, you need a little girl. Oh, you need a little girl. I'm sorry. I'm here about three times when we got you today. Come on. Right now, my rating's inside of doubt in this day. I'll make you have the rebounding go on with it. James, come on. And we do. Ah, hold your hand and shout. Now take it. Hold your hand and shout. Hold your hand and shout. Hold your hand and shout. Hold your hand and shout. Hold your hand and shout. Yes. Hold it. Why did you call me? Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. Maybe those were business days. Remember, Mary, hopped in those of the days. We did not have been two, that before. Fourteen ninety, man. I think that was WBT and buta B4T 90. I could be wrong. I bet you that's not on the or any more either. And on Apple Records, I believe speaking to people. I don't have a label here. Why not? Double BT Radio, 1490 located in Batavia, New York, and vice-genre proves they're programming schedule, upcoming Squirtle Broadcast. How do you like that? That was my first job in Radio WBT in Batavia, New York. Is that exciting or what? Not really. What? No? No. Listen live. Click here. Listen to what you want at BT Live Sports Broadcast. All right, your hometown station in beautiful Batavia. Come up Batavia down. Raise track. You've been here for many times. Just this morning. Wow. Anyway, we got 1492. Look at that. The Jewish Shader, Christ of Oklahoma, see how clean he's a fella. 1492, we're going to make that 15-member. Got 11 minutes to go for eight votes. Even Josh thinks we can do that. Even George, who couldn't give a crap a less than we can do. The new chief of the FBI's criminal division, which is swamped with public corruption cases, says the Bureau is ramping up its ability. By the way, if he tuned in late, Rumsdale's out. Bob Gates is going to be his replacement. He's been chosen by the Dumbleditester. Bob Gates and his brother V Gates. The new chief of the FBI criminal division, which is swamped with public corruption cases, says the Bureau is ramping up its ability to catch crooked politicians and might run an undercover sting on Congress. Long overdue. Stingness. Assistant FBI director James Burrow's called Bureau's public corruption program, a sleeping jar that we've awoken. And predict the nature we'll see continued emphasis in that area for many, many, many years to come. Three, many. See, when they say three, many, many, many, many, many, many in my age, and I'm not going to be ramped with the third part. You know what I mean? And probably you won't either. Maybe Josh, if you think Josh, I'll remember us when he's old and get gray. I know it will. Well, we're like deep in the ground, you know, and the worms have beaten up our carcasses. Carcasses. He's an old man. He'll be telling the kids stories about us. Really? Yeah. Yeah, my ears are burning already. And so is my. Oh, right. Yeah. Right, though, man. So much evidence of wrongling and surfacing in the nation's capital adverse recently committed to letting a four, 15 to 20 member public corruption squad to the FBI's Washington office. In the past year, former Republican representative is Duke Gunning, Amin Bob, Nae of Freedom of the Corruption Charges, FBI agent, turned investigating about it, does not the members of Congress, including as many as three senators. The Justice Department's also expected to begin seeking a government soon after a massive FBI investigation in the Alaska legislature. Hmm, let's all go with Johnny Horton or Thorolaska, but he's been dead a long time. He was the Johnny Horton. What else do you do besides nor Thorolaska? The foul of dual means. No. Watch him right. This is the only thing I've got by him in my computer here. I'll begin. Damn, an alien in the name of the name of the May of 1941, the Lord had just begun. The chairman of the FBI, the biggest shield, then that's the biggest gun. And the mayor is more close to the past, the ship, the members say. I'll soon be disloyal. The text were gunned. Now, the truth is, the tail of the police, that's all you've done by Johnny Horton. You don't have north to Alaska. I love north to Alaska, but I have to work on that. I'll be damned. Anyway, conditions weren't for a citywood and bucket or giganomic cover, sting like the famed Amscam operation in late 70s. It was you a senator in six house members of the weed on camera to take bribe from FBI, since posing as Arab sheaks, like the sheak of Arab be. Arab sheaks, then Shmatah is man. The bushes end have been live and just keep that in mind. Just keep saying it over and over. What Charlie Wrangler was saying? But troops and homes, way. I think more than anything else is the boat that took place yesterday that should send the message to the president. No president can possibly say, no president can possibly possibly say no president can possibly I love Charlie Wrangler. But boy, he's a little on the incoherent side of time. 1495, we got eight minutes and we need five votes for 1500. This will be a day that will live and inform me even more so many states election day more so than the sever 71941 and the volume of pro harbour more so than the sever 17th 1976 when I came out on the air on WKAT. I've a two remember that not no. That was Josh even born in? No. That's best. See that is that's it. How old I am? I'm talking about crap that I was doing on the air before this pump was even born dumb ass over there. Wow I said you have to let me imagine that. Thank you. Thanks for1524气. Well that's what you economic. You get to the stage of many manycemos. You have to act. A lot of day for 20 but happy moments. It's already 20 61 from get to send you 150 människor. It really depends on am. I've got to wish you a bit of a kind ofросing. It is not the only 1 Millionaire of allежities you will have. Movement something like this. Good evening. Care to blame teenage voice High Pro住 Who's feeling thussed up again... ...yeah, yeah. We look all the way to take us todegree home. At the roof of the floor, our house could only build many worries. They would have stayed chaste. But I encouraged them all to make their way home. He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the mountain, He goes to the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to get to power, He goes to his tower, He goes towards田 ft s止pt. Go to Mahaazm Jibe, He goes to the right face. Close you don't want to場 near the sea, If you would help! You are far and far and back, No, occasionally. You go to the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain, He goes to the corner of the mountain,