This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. I hope you can tell your pants, you don't like Adam and she if they have some requests you just say, No, and then tell Roma kids, and tell them management, you want nobody listen to your show. But you're on from tendin' to, and when your shift is through, tell George you can relax and slow some weed. And then go tell Joe Bell, that he can go to hell, even almost makes you this great green. You're the don't play a part, the sound of a part, I don't think George would understand. Because if you play a part, the sound of a part, you'll be in trouble with the busy plan. You're fairly. Don't play a part. It's a 10-0-1. I don't want to bore the audience with crap, although we should be talking about heavy intensive, but that dollar will afford you man, quit playing it. You don't play dollars anyway. That's the biggest sucker bet in the whole place. I do when I feel confident. You do what play dollars? Yeah. It's a sucker bet. I get a we myself off of that. Actually Saturday I was so desperate, I started wandering around and would buy different things. I found something called sparkling 7s. Did you hear that? Is that better than the lazy 7s? No, no, it's not the new of that. It's similar. And hit 500 bucks on it. Didn't even have any idea what they were all about to be honest with you. So losing proposition man, they just want our money. Let's face it. Hey, we got a big chaque day today because according to Daniel Abastin, the Harold, this is the biggest day in heat history. Aren't you excited about that? I can cure less in fact, wait till we get to our pole. You think the Sun Sentinel pole was negative to yesterday. Of course, that's our crowd, you know. And that's what they would be saying around the building. Well that's Neil's audience. That's a anti sports crowd here. Right. That must be the Sun Sentinel audience too, huh? Don't forget to join us to Sam to do from 2 to 4 with that. And then 10 to 2 tonight with any kid. QM's White Hot Heat headquarters located the case of the day in Miami. I mean, I do only problem with that being that with any kick and understand guilty's part of it. Well, let's say that he could blow an out again tonight, which would be a course disaster. Right. There wouldn't exactly be White Hot. If any kids there, they're like getting blown out by 18 or 25 or something like that. You know what I'm saying? No, they wouldn't. Then you can drink a lot of those extra, uh, to kilos, whatever those things are. I'm not going to do that. What? I'm not going into that. I'm not going to get, this is what they do all the time. They've been playing this game for ever since I've been there. I'm probably long before that. They continue trying to get us to do these commercials for plague. And this is part of the QM sales approach. Oh, if you give us a bunch of money, look, you've got 75,000 mentions on the air. All that crap, you know, it's just it's the biggest fraud. I have ever been involved in. I'm not participating. Okay. If you want to put fraudulent stuff on your, you go right ahead. Because that's what we specialize in fraud. In fact, all places become a fraud. At any rate, your president speaking of fraud, he's in a racer right now. I surprised, I was it. Not that it's a publicity stunt you understand. The president perhaps has a period. What is now the temporary US embassy in Baghdad? Why have officials called? Oh, yeah. Very ex-savare setting. He's meeting newly named Prime Minister Nuri Amaliki to discuss the next steps in the trouble three year old. A dramatic move, it's his here in the AP article, a dramatic move by voice traveling to violence, Rattle Baghdad, less than a week after the death of Abu Musaab al-Zahkawi. You know, I got the picture of Zahkawi again in this thing here. Okay. Now, I want you to keep in mind to keep showing me what it remains there that were bulldozed. Kind of like often one corner there, but they said that it looked a crater after they dropped a two-fameter and keep in mind that building was concrete and steel this house. They dropped two-fameter ponds and there was nothing but rubble. You know, there was like a few pieces of towel and stuff left behind. And yet when you looked at him and the fact that he lived for like almost an hour after they somehow magically got a monitor, he knew the call had bad. Although I still point out to you that circling his head is a big puddle of blood. So probably got squished, you know? Yeah. But he lived for 52 minutes. And he said, and they said, they actually made a little bit of a move and not a big move, maybe about quarter of an inch on the stretcher, or maybe they just tried to drop them. I mean, if they dropped a two-fameter ponds on your house, do you think there would be any enough remnants of you left behind that they would even recognize who it was? Probably not. Well, I don't want to be skeptical of anything like that. Landing it back that airport bush transfer to a helicopter for the six-meter ride and they heavily fortified green zone. One has officials in the helicopter ride, posed the greatest risk for the prison. But he's easiest to find. They showed him on here on the top of him head shaking hands with his Maliki guy, I wonder, where they found that stooge. And meanwhile Bush was greeted by another day of violence in Iraq. What a surprise. Doesn'ts of people were killed or wounded today and explosions in the Northern Orel city of Kyrr Cook and eight bodies were found in Western Baghdad. It was Bush's second trip to Baghdad. Less than three years, he all recall. He visited the troops Thanksgiving 2003. That trip was also kept a secret. Remember that when he took a med rubbery turkey? Oh yeah. It was pretty best up there in the fatigue and everything. Yes, that's correct. Well, I was busy with probably fresh from my, you know, I'm making a accomplish. I'm getting Bush fatigue myself when he came right down to it. I'm sure that the world is. Here's the pull from yesterday speaking of people that were really tired of. Oh, more bad news today. Carl Rojo, whom he charged. George sent me the Bush's brain movie, which I hadn't seen yet. So I watched it last night. It would my luck the first thing I see the first story I see this morning when I get up. Carl Rojo won't be charged. Are you talking about evil doors? Isn't it surprising to you that in high school he was a class nerd? No, that's surprising not. Let me just look at him. Is there something he reminds me of Robert Greeper? You're not ever far off. Yeah. Now I say the two of them are not two peas in a pod. They don't come no creepier than those two. Anyway, the woman I despise most that was our pod yesterday, 1430 votes. And colder, there's nobody even close to that bitch. And who'd want to be? Man, Culver, she had 721 votes over 50% of the total vote, 50.4%. Condor, Leisure, 177. Hillary, 130. That's not a good sign. Hillary. Oprah, 88. My XY56. I hate this full 57. Nancy Grace, 41, friend. Barbara Bush has 31. Rosie O'Donnell, 26. Joyce, 26. Todd with Rosie. Ever seen the two of them together? Actually, you know, I can't stand Rosie, but compared to Joyce, I love that Rosie, I might even go on their fat cruise with her to the Bahamas. Star Jones, 19. My mother-in-law, 18. We did cause before, 18. We apologize for putting cross beyond their belated. That was my bad. Oh, and you see the big move now at MSNBC, Dan Abrams, who's got an ego bigger than the whole universe. He's the man who man in charge. Seven people are going to start watching her? No. You know, yesterday, because I, you know, channel surf late in the afternoon to see what that was going on. And they had some broad on there doing his show, which is your reason I can't watch you. Because it can't stand him. He's an idiot. Who thinks he knows everything? And she was shouting. And I realized what was going on. I thought maybe they eliminated his show because they can't constantly shut up the show's on there. And she was shouting, though. And today, in Baghdad, I thought, what is wrong with you, honey? And then she goes into this report. And here's MSNBC's Eddie Adam, Eddie Magnus. And I know that it's Eddie Magnus. And she called her Eddie Magnus, because she was, yeah, it was pretty embarrassing. But then they came back to the very ass and with his breathless announcement that then Abrams is going to be the new head man, the head hongcho. He's not going to be on the air no more than God. He's going to be in charge of MSNBC. He's going to straighten out that ship. Read it cause me 14, Felishu fly 13, and Barbara Wallaw. When we left the show, she had two o'clock. She had three votes and that's all she got. That's kind of surprising to me. Yeah, I thought you'd do a little better than that one. I thought you'd do a lot better than that one. She's nauseating. She had a PC effect. If I guess America likes people with speed speed effects, I'll look at Brokehall. He did the news there for about 80 years with a bad speed effect. Couldn't speak a lick. Now today's pool, this is getting right down on it. Okay. I don't want to pee on your parade and of course the beast is all whipped up about, now you go to Omaha? I am going to Omaha. I know it. Even there before though. Yes, I wouldn't miss that trip. A lot of drugs out there. I'll tell you that. Really? I said, we may not be the best team in Omaha. This is not one of the years they won. That probably won 80. I said, I'll guarantee where they only team out here with two drug dealers. He wouldn't do a happy about that. I mean, he didn't like get upset with me, but he got upset with the equipment manager. I figured what his name was. Some other like Mike Rosenthall, another twerp. I wasn't supposed to know that there were guys smoking weed. I mean, let's do a big deal with stuff like that. At least they went to in the woods that we know of. Hey, if you can hit the ball. That's right. Hit the ball, hit it far. Mount Pat. Oh, there is your president now. Oh, that was back from the attorney day. That's footage. I think we'll have to do a joys here in a second. How much do you care about the Miami Heat? That's our full question today. 900 or two votes. I think we got a shot in a thousand of a day, Josh. It's in the bag, man. I know two. It's we're in the bag. We have to bag, man. I don't give a Schmidt. 34. 38.1%. Actually, this result is not that different from the one in the Sun Sentinel for yesterday, which inspired me to do this. It's a proof of point. Not that the name by your pay in the attention to me. By the way, I was a little shocked at that. And what? I didn't think that I thought actually more people did care about it. They don't. What did I tell you yesterday? Do I need to tell you the same thing again today? The NBA. I mean, I can't compare with the NHL. I mean, most people have used to have come on a street court right now, and so I thought I wouldn't know who you forget to score from my snide. They wouldn't even know who the hell was planned. It was playing. Man, nothing to be fine. I've been to lose the Carolina. Edmonton was a terrible game. Edmonton's done to join out. Now they're going down. They're down three games to one, and they're going down. So there's no comparison there. But I would say next to that. No, I take that back. You don't want to listen to that? What? The World Cup. We'll take you try to jam down everybody's throat. Nobody in America cares about the freaking World Cup. Maybe like 15 people who have no life. There, there nobody gives a crap about the World Cup. Nobody likes soccer. It's boring. Both pop, let's put the world. Maybe, come to second. We'll talk about in America. We've got, uh, who is this again, Korea and Togo? The question is, did he prevent a clear, bill scoring challenge in number 7? Oh, yeah, I think it's a penalty shot. Nine, number 14 votes. Would you, uh, can that crap? Nine, four, 10. You know, if you're going to turn this into, uh, the worst team, hm, with those awful cards and drop-ins, so you're going to be out of their real fast. Okay, I'm just telling you right now. We can handle it. Just me and Josh. We can handle it just fine. Nine, number 14 votes. And that nice thing you'd be putting Robert Grypher in there. That's that point I go back to bed. I don't give a Schmidt about the 38.2%. I'll watch some and read the result. 279, 30.5%. Big fan will watch every playoff game, 172, 18.4%. So if you add those two together, the second one and that one, you got 48%. Which leads to the other 52%. I'll read about the scores, but won't watch 110.9. That, that, those people didn't say are very interested that I can go to watch the game, right? Yeah, I mean, I mean, I'm going to score. I mean, I'll read it. I'm going to score. Find us. Huh? It's the final. You know, don't care. I hate this pool only a 13, 1.4%. For a sense, what they like to pull, they just don't really care that much about the heat except for that 19%. Just one. And of course, keep in mind of those 19% how many of those are front running foams. About 19%. I mean, and you even saw the icy sleeves spot. I believe you guys saw this morning. Man, we're all whipped up about, I'm going to have me a whole bunch of them to kill the drinks right now. About 10.45, I'll be on the floor. If you have a business, you need to get customers away from the competition. And here's the perfect business partner for you. Pub said printing and design. Pub said can design and print everything you need in your arsenal. Just look at the display booth they made about me at the bottom of our website, right? The bottom of the page where it belongs. Or see even more of their phenomenal work at Pub said SF.com. Pub said can print everything from your business cards to banners, post-use through their specialty trade show booths and displays. Pub said design and printing the very best for over 14 years and they can handle it all in the house. Call 9.54, 7.7.272.7.275. How about those hurricanes, man? I'm talking the Carolina Hurricanes. 9.54.77.275. Very Etsy for yourself on their website. Pub said SF.com. Look, you're best to get those new customers. It's your business and it's Pub said business to make you look great. Call 9.54. 7.7.272.7. 275 or go to their website. Pub said SF.com. And don't forget to look for my gross, disgusting picture on their building on this. See how it? Just know the commercial. Choose the very best Pub said printing and design. Call 9.54. 7.72. 75. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. But he have a heart or a liver? No. Now you are older. You still have your hand. And your arch die broke. I heard you was splitting up with every o' white. It's another day in our life. Last year's outrage was 63. Time to add one more. Let's have a party for Pomegranate. How is 64? 8. 7. We won the two. I'd like to say these words. To add me perfect to you. Do in the Beatles once the big news. John and George are gone. George against the jungle, choppedly didn't survive. Good old wringo, he's the life. Watch the world bust. Hold it some weed. And jab pan on top. The white doesn't need you. The boy is a plea you. And you're 64. 20 seconds and five 60 WQA in. Now let's take a look at that schedule. We had Goli at the cash of the day to the staff. Every single day the rest of the week he got put up with that. Mad dog at four and then you got the Marlin game. Marlin's hosting the braves. Any interest in that? No. You're the hopper talking about the stadium plans. Many got the stadium plans out there. Any interest in that? No. Anybody want to pony up a few bucks for this stadium? No. No. Come on. And then we got any cave catch of the day. And then the rewind right after the game. Heat rewind. What is that? You know the recap of the game. Welcome Hank at this schedule there with that big round table at panel. We got it. Five thirty on a mad dog show. I don't have any such information. We had to like we had to have a committee to find out who the hell they are. Who he can's were playing at the baseball last night. Well that's could you even believe me. Didn't believe he was what when I told you they were playing old Miss. Well, but tell you know, what was the final score last night? 14 to nine. No, I was asking you. I was asking him. I don't want to. I want to see. What? The seven nothing game before that. Oh, the day before. Well, almost must be pretty bad then. I don't even know. I haven't really followed any of it. And I could hear less. In fact, if I had a Tuesday between World Cup, the heat and hurricane baseball this year, I think I'd probably blow my brains out. Is what I would do. I noticed that heat rewind after the game. I mean, so it's a post game show. Yeah. How do you have a post game show when we don't carry the game? I don't understand that. How do we how we have a post game show? We don't have the game. First of all, the game is on television. Anybody who's not going to the game and the interesting thing is that you watch and television, aren't they? Right. So right after the game, they're going to want to call up Eddie Kaye and talk about it. Man, the old paper might be over. It reminds me of the Chris Moran show after the Panther games. Remember that you'll fade the thing that they finally stopped doing very well. Was it a cat week? Or something? Whatever the hell was. Now, the same three cars every single after you begin. They'd be on the way home of calling in from the car. And two new orky kind of guys. And that was it. It's kind of like Richie from Boris had net crowd. But nevertheless, I'm glad it's keeping some people off the streets. We want to take a lot of calls today because yesterday, believe it or not, we had a sensational. I'm like just put most of this crap away. Otherwise, you like this one story advertising magazine and quoted a killer stuff. I like that story. That sounds like they do. And how about your boy Ben Rothle's burger, man? You know, just the other day, it was reading that story about a London Johnson once had a zero forward play to much football without a helmet, which of course was true. Because Ford made Ben the dumbest man ever to walk in the White House. Much less new president, but just even to walk in there. And I've been Rothle's burger and speaking of dumb people that were showing this morning, Bradshaw, Terry Bradshaw was on here and they were using all the clip of him warning him. Don't do it. Don't do it. You could, you know, weren't they? And of course, they changed a lot in Pennsylvania, so it wasn't breaking the law. Thanks. Thanks God. Just breaking his head. Just breaking his head. And his nose. Mr. Speaker, Steve Erskotter, back Ben Rothle's burger is in serious, but stable condition, following a morning motorcycle accident yesterday. Seven hours of surgery yesterday. So far, we've been encouraged by the early reports from the medical team in Mercy Hospital. Steve, as president, Art Rumi said, I'm sure Ben knows that we're praying for his complete recovery. And we're pretty pissed off about it too, is what he was thinking. I mean, like dumb, huh? Millions and millions of dollars on a line here. And this smuck is, you know, he's got to show everybody how much he is. Is that really what it's all about? I guess. Five six seven. Let's get these whole smoke and maybe five six seven. Oh, five six to you. Wait till I collect the late catches up in about a half an hour. Can only hold five. Just and he Verizon and singular one. So we can only hope there is good as yesterday. Then you think yesterday was kind of like special. I thought it was extraordinary. It was something. We may not be able to duplicate that again today. WQAM. Hello. Deal. Yes. I'm sorry. So much. Hey, Neil. I'm a freak on those maps. You were looking at the maps yesterday. And I've got the ultimate one. You've got to check out. Yeah. Go to N.O.A. You know, Google know it. Yeah. And I'll be there on there with you real quick. And is you get on the arc? Yeah. Absolutely. And from that homepage right there. No, no, no, no, no. You want me to do it right now? Okay. Well, all right. Well, go to the null home page and then on the right. It's got. Okay. I'm on it. Okay. All right. Cool. I'm taking a good right word. It's not going anywhere. Okay. There's people looking here. What are you looking at? There's about Marciano naked again on Panama City Beach. All right. Now, the far right side N.O.A. Sad Light images. Yeah. A lot of pop. Okay. You're going to love this. And then on the middle right image loop, go down the water vapor. Why are you doing that? It's so funny. The Joshua Stinkers. I can't believe when I wake up in the middle of night. I'm sitting there humming and singing these damn bits. Man drives me out of my mind. Well, what what how is that? That's the one. Yeah. That's awesome. When it's all red and blowing up, you don't believe it. Look like shit. Oh, but it's still smart. Man is bizarre, man. That's a great one. See if that looks smart. You'll love that when the hurricanes are coming and everything is unbelievable. Looks like we're cutting a meal streamer. And I mean, time there's any hurricane. And it's just never developed beyond that. They got everybody all whipped up. And, uh, dry shells made any marinaries yesterday. No, not at all. It's like how the day though. I said that yesterday. I'm putting it off till the day. There, it's a breaky part with great too. I like that. Okay. Good luck. You're probably going to get a bad ass fire. Maybe it would change the name of that. You think? And not a breakage. Don't bring. Yeah, you're right. So that's not it. That's a different one. Ooh, this better not have no hard sounds. But the beast is going to get his fat ass fire. Oh, that's right. He can't get fire. He sleeps at the ground. I don't think this is gonna be fire. What was that? I was a raspberry. Oh. I was just, uh, the beast, uh, his chair squeaked a little bit. Is that what it was? The beast just cut, uh, some bad cheese man. The whole building is going to be evacuated by noon. Yeah, I, I just knew. Let's get creeper in here. Okay, just make fun of them for four hours. No, don't leave me. Please. Don't let him anywhere near there. Do not let that man anywhere. And if you don't have naked pictures of Clarence doing, uh, somebody. Duff. 27 past 10 at five, 60 WQM. Hey, it's Father's Day on Sunday. And we all know what Dad's like to do on their big day. And when they're done doing that, I don't want to have no more energy. Let them in like the east. So it's time to call the Melling Pod. Make your reservation for Father's Day this Sunday. The Melling Pod is a fondue restaurant. A vision of their famous cheese and chocolates. They serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads. Just like yours. Hardly enthrased from Santa Cat filet. Mignon de Black and Shrimp. Teriyaki Sirloin, pork lobster and lots more. The Melling Podsers, Sirius Food for Sirius appetites. Nobody ever leased the Melling Pod hungry or water. They're just like the beast, water's every day. With a big smile on your face. They have an award-winning mindless to boot. And don't forget the Melling Pod's famous desserts. guaranteed to put a big smile on Dad's push. So make that call that they invite to add a different to something really different at the Melling Pod restaurant near you. For all you know, maybe Dad loves dipping into something different. It's a full four-course gift for Dad from you. And don't forget to tell me he'll set you by. There's a Melling Pod in Kendall, Cooper City, uh, Coral Springs, North Miami Beach, Boca and for Stigius for Latter Day. This is Meele Rodriguez, Ross Solid Mells. This is by 162 might say half-day review. The Ruggers are the sports old lady, Oh, don't worry you say that. On the Day of the logo number 6136 who has explained. actually conductivity is i really T So stand and confuse instead of meals, you really are a dish. Is that how you show your name? Well originally I was going to call myself Trish Above. I remember this. Ooh! Well I'm wearing a black horse atop with a pink suit to your mini and black side eyes. You look like a horse. More like a sport-hole queen. You think I'm the assier of this. I don't think I'm the assier. I mean, let's face it. The horse sports in tense of radio king is very very cool. And she's like, well there's nothing wrong with that. So wait, how long can this be with you? We haven't been playing for a thousand. I just think that how she can throw a pass wearing a boa. Wow, James, there's no more Jewish court. If actually they couldn't get kitty Carlisle of the Carlisle of the Carlisle group. Yeah, that's it. With Frank Carlucci and Tom Poussi. Oh, now, when you hand up and down my leg, is I dream of shit? Oh, I don't understand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 27 people love it. If you like that, we're gonna have more of a coming up with you this afternoon. I wonder if the beast is responsible for him being on every day. You making the schedules out now? Get up and do it with it. Oh. I was right when I said we're not gonna do pretty gay yesterday. Take a look at that full man. Are these lines working actually? Oh, yeah, they're working. You can never be too sure. I think, huh? I think we're in coma mode today. Fives are just in the comode. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Terrible Tuesday. Is that what it is? Town 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless lines. Why'd how senior adviser Carl Rob is been told by special counsel, Patrick Fitzgerald. Then he will not be charged in the CIA league case. According to Rosalaya Robert Luskin, right on the heels of my watching Bush's brain. Getting really all bent out of shape and even more pissed off than usual about this lunatic. This Robert Creeper clone. In difference to the pending case, we will not make any further statements about the subject matter of the investigation, Austin Senator Riddle statement today. We believe the special counsel's decision should put an end to the baseless speculation about Mr. Rose conduct as shameless and grotesque as it is. Of course. 978 votes. I think we've got a pretty good shot in the thousand. I don't think we've got a shot at too many calls today though. W2, KUAM, hello. W2, KUAM, hello. Come on, Ayo. Yes, sir. Listen, I just want to, I love you, sir, but I think you owe Joe Ford in the policy. He's a dumbest man that ever walked into the White House to run the White House. Joe Ford and Ward 9 didn't say to run. But until George Bush. Okay, thank you. I almost saw on my chair when he said Joe Ford was the guy. I got that news for it. That'd be a pretty good contest. You know, Joe Ford is like, Albert Weinstein compared to the piece of crap we got in the night. Albert Weinstein? Yeah. Yeah. How I did school with Albert Weinstein. He was a moron too. What is with his father name? Man, this is pretty weak. You think everybody's out of town? I don't know. I don't know what it is. What's that? I almost forgot. They're watching, uh... Watching Korean, uh, Togo, man. That's gotta be. It's gotta be the World Cup. We sure can't compete with that. They're excited for the weekend. Those holidays are all getting those, uh, tickulous. That's what it is. They're all getting whipped up for a nice, uh, full-neighbologna game. I'll abandon my good jumpists. I'd have to get a shaper read as well. And of course, if they do lose tonight, which would be a disaster. It would be down three nothing in the series, which would be a footage of death wish. Then you'll see them start jumping off that bandwagon real fast, man. Just like those dingo birds used to fly off most butt. W-Oh, don't totally. W-Oh, for Senator Now. Nah, good, uh... Uh, well, I'd say you want to think if we're down to him, or in big trouble. W-Oh, yes, sir. Uh, speaker. Oh, good. I'm on the radio. Yeah. Sounds just like you. Yeah. I named my Min Pint after your dog. Tiny. Yeah. So I did that in your honor. I just want to let you know that. Right. Okay. How old is it? How old is it? Eight months. Okay. Here's the next best suggestion. Okay. Put it in the microwave on slow cook. Mania. You know what that guys really trying to say? I have no lot. That's exactly right. You know this morning I went back to that one website again that I discovered by So yesterday about Rob Marciano the weather dude on CNN. Anything better? Okay. You know something I could sit here from now until midnight tomorrow night and not Finish reading all of those idiotic entries on here. I don't get that. I never until this moment. I never realized that's where that many disparate lifeless people out there. Well now you know it's just it's staggering. It's just amazing. You see somebody on television. Okay fine. This one looks good. This one is okay. This one there got the hotstour or whatever. But just sitting there and bat in of course then they're shouting at each other back and forth. Well you don't know Rob Marciano and Anderson Cooper can't be gay. Who cares? I mean if that's your biggest problem and you've got to be pretty good. Yeah and you're talking about one site. I mean they do this for movies. Right. So never really like that crap. And I keep in mind. I mean this is a pretty marginal. You know it's not like somebody who's really well known. Right. Oh a time what's his name? Matt Damon's wife had a baby. Gay. No and see there you go again. Matt and Luciana their parents are their first daughter. A baby girl is a Bella the first child. Are you trying to say that Matt Damon and everybody do is gay. That's not true. Next to be saying Tom Cruises gay. Is that a deraille and Henry Wincler? W2AM. Hey Neil. A quick question. Yeah. That's the black and yellow god source site before he took the 30 year city. You use them a little bit. It is so powerful to buy that anywhere. I don't know. Do you think we got any left around Miguel? Miguel's not there. Hey Miguel. Yeah. We got him. So how's this guy going to get him? Is he got a common girl? Yeah. Try to call the station. Call the station. Call Miguel Escobar and see if he answers the phone. He probably won't take the call. 560560. That went over like Hiroshima man. It's how bad that whole about 30 thing was. Thanks a lot. You clown man. You do fair. God. Didn't want to do it. Did I. I told you it was going to go over like halivari and Siberia. Didn't go over to big. And went any part of it. And one of the reasons being that almost all of those bits were on previous CDs anyway. Yeah. Right? So how much do you know how cheap this group is anyway? Think we're going to cough up 20 bucks to get just the honor of the 30th anniversary. And they could give a crap less about that. They don't care. Obviously not. No, they don't. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Is this new? Sounds like me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. About Gerald Ford. LBJ said the Gerald Ford played football. He was long about a helmet. Yeah. He does. He's a great up there with the. That's what I just got to say before. That's where he came in the conversation. Get out of here. Did that what I exactly what I just said? Yeah. I feel like I heard that before. He said he played too much football without a helmet. That was yesterday. We had it was in the story about to dump people and about after your loads of buck. But I mean anybody knows that. It's been around more than five minutes. And I don't care what anybody says. His stupid is this more on us. We got in there now. Gerald Ford was like, what do we believe me? He was a congressman from Michigan for 35 years. He had every introduced one piece of legislation in 35 years. He was an easy and more on. And then the other thing they said about him is he couldn't walk in chew gum at the same time because that one time he stumbled coming off the plane, come off at Air Force One and he damn your brook is neck. Couldn't walk in chew gum at the same time. That was your old Ford. I mean your president now man. He's in the bad dad. He's in Iraq. Another surprise to visit by your president. Hopefully he'll stay there. I'm sure he'll be flowers. Yeah. And no. Don't start now. Be very careful. Unless you want somebody knocking at that door because I know where you're going. We got 987 votes. If you want the secret service knocking on the door just keep going right ahead. Josh Curtis, by the way, is the one opening up a big mouth. 990 symbols. Well I think we're going to make a thousand by the top of the hour that we can go home. That we can go take care of our big pregame parties for a second. That game tonight. Or how many other people watch the M in Carolina game? How many people in South Florida do you think watch the hockey game last night? 10. But third man. And believe me, if even if they're hockey fans, if they didn't watch it, it was a smart move. Like I said in Godfather. Test you was always this smart. I was a smart move. Remember that? Yes. Hey, if you're a cigar smoker and like to kick back with a good fat one like the beast is morning noon the night, then be he a cigar's by Tony Barhani is for you. Give a smoker a big fat cigar. Or kiddin' yeah. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking to a fat stuff. Of course. Have you? Yeah. Well good. These are the finds cigars that made with first grade tobacco process in age 10 years, but he is a real motix cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fish and out of cigar and cider and a 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavor well balanced full body liquor wagons cigars got earthy hits a dark roast coffee, truppets, bison pepper flavors. Also be sure to try their be here to say the hottest release of cigar and last ten months. They'd say it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of cigar and cider. It's a big powerful cigar made with a blastier lungs out with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with the visual spice and a note of chargwood. If you want to save yourself some cash, save yourself 40% off and all big heists of cars, when you call me sure and tell them that Neil Rogers told you to call you say 40% call him toll free 1 835 be here. That's 1 800 35 B.A. H.I.A. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A.S. How like Neil's Paul? Real American A. H. Real American A. H. We salute you Mr. Guy who still thinks Bush is doing a good job. Mr. Guy is simple things for just a week. You come you to work with us smile on your face as you pay three dollars in seventy eight cents a gallon and adjust the plastic Jesus on your debtor. Bush is approval ratings are at an all-time low but you don't care. You're a red stator and broke back mountain never played a theater near you. Don't watch probably there's no such thing as global warming. No sinners in New Orleans cup of day deserve and yes the earth was created in seven days. So what I rank is a noble fight and by going one day we'll find those nasty weapons of mass destruction. So we salute you Mr. Guy who still thinks Bush is doing a good job. Your gas cusling has to be your two points of children and your ignorance. You are a ring American A. That's a good ten forty six there's my good friend Susan candy out of your clear water beach Alberta was gone. It's still a win is below the look at all on people in the water man. I'm looking people running around. Oh there's Rob Marciano naked. I beg your pardon. He's in a little light guard tower there. No he's not on there just said that to get everybody all these queens all with up. Oh speaking of queens in a striking post at age magazine leading magazine for the advertising community. His ass got the author and coder to kill herself. Very in the article a humorous attack on the mainstream media was the following quote. Would it kill you got the author and coder to do is all a favor and kill yourself. After a recent rabbit Lee hit rabbit Lee hit full foaming at the mouth subhuman today show appearance. In which he reiterated her assertion at nine eleven widows are enjoying her husband's death. Even her former supporters began to fantasize about how much nicer the world would be if it were coderless. No more man's cold. I look at that thing up those boxes up there on the weatherman that one looks a whole lot more wild and goosey than the one around the know a thing. You know I've never seen the today show and I'm starting to like that Matt Lauer because now he's been in it with her and Tommy Cruz. Yeah you won't like him. No. Ryan Lee and the Washington blade. I wonder that is that is in a blade. I'm sure this right this conservative queen is such a drag another anchor shot. Well good let's read it because obviously the calls are going to be today what they were yesterday. You know you can never go back in this market it just never happens twice in a row. When you get all whipped up in enthusiasm and so that's like wow that is one over here. You know I mean yeah because yesterday was pretty heavy duty man. They were like really into it and today well of course today like you said they're all they're getting all whipped up for the nice. Oh yeah they don't want to spend their energy on me. I wasted when you can get all whipped up about tonight's big game man. Yeah and of course that soccer game that's on now in a marlin game there's always another game you know it. So how much is the beast how much is the most ever one on the wheel of fortune what it's a highest thing you ever got in the online. On the line without the wheel right we get to wheel we was for pansies okay. Why else to play it but for the wheel you know you're here in India. So I think it was $2700 how can you get $2700 on the line with what kind of 2500 or something. There's no combination that gives you either one of those things okay. Listen man you deal with your machine I'll deal with mine. Yeah. I think I'm going to stick with my machine after you're talking about you. Are you talking about a quarter's now on dollars but I was on quarters. Quarters you got 12 out of just maybe you could what's uh I don't see how you can do that. No you can't. You can't get that. The most you could get uh 4000 of the 1000 bucks on the line of quarters. You're not talking to some novice now you're not talking to Robert Greeper okay. Who's gonna lay down on her for and you know said come on through though. What? It is true. No it's not. That was the most you could. The most you can get is 4000 online okay if it's 4000 quarters it's a thousand dollars. Unless you want a jackpot if you want a progressive jackpot but you didn't win that. No you've been talking about that for weeks if you had. So you didn't even know what you've got you know you're just you're all over the place. You probably even played a stupid pansy double diamond ones instead of the five times ones. No I never did that come on. No don't do that. I do play monopoly that's quite a good game. I can't figure that one out yet I'm a little too stupid for that I guess. But the reason I didn't play it was like nickels I thought I'm an athlete my sheen it. And I refuel's but it was a nickel machine you think you got like me's gonna play nickels. Although you can play like like 80 or 100 at a play so you really play in like a lot. You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying it. How does that work monopoly? It's the same concept as will fortune when you let when you get them an athlete they go around the board and it just keeps going man. It just keeps giving you money. Just keep some giving you money. Okay, I'll try to find one of those machines it just keeps on giving me money. Anyway Ryan Lee writes this conservative queen is such a drag. We don't want you to bog down with these slot machine things out because the worst thing you folks could ever do is get hooked on a bad machine. Don't be a schmuck like me and sit there, you know play in the same machine feeding it and feeding it and feeding it and feeding it. And then you look around and it's all as he recognizes every face all the same losers but then sad look on their face feeding the same hungry machines mind don't do it. Ryan Lee writes don't say someone from our community meaning gay goes off and does the most stupid or vile things imaginable and then people in the majority use such episodes is evidence that all gay people are subhuman oddities. Gainman seems to disproportionately rank among the upper echelons of merchous most notorious serial killers John Wayne Gacy and Rukunann and Wayne Williams and when it comes to tackless acts of violence tasteless, none turns more people stomachs than Jeffrey Domors buffet. Then there were those routine reports of George Michael getting busted or some gay guy winning a million dollars on TV and then serving four years in federal prison for not paying taxes. In reality of course most killers and cheats are heterosexual all gay people aren't pervert or homocidal but it still troubles me when one of us gets the public spotlight and goes out of his way to prove how a moral and sick we can be. That's why I'm so upset that the gutter tramp turned arch conservator political commentator and colder. I mean she is family isn't she? With such a pronounced Adam's apple and soothing veritone voice, I was assumed she was a pre-op trans sexual. Thank God she isn't really because she would be a true insult to every transgender transgender American. She's about as feminine as a linebacker for the Fulton County prison football team and if God is making female faces like quarters these days Well, let's just say that even our mortgage led to be gay. As if her nose job didn't do the job, quoted decided to again beg for attention recently by saying some immature and vicious things about several widows Alas there husbands during the man love and terrorist attacks. He she said something about the he he she. He he he said something about the wives enjoying the profits and platform they receive from their husbands dead or some cracked out statement like that. To be honest, I'm surprised that so much outrage about what Coder said like his her brain dead means heard a verbal attacks on people is something new. Someone finding quarter attractive that would be new. This is a person up to elevate a BJ in an impeachable offense to a built sentence presidency. Who wrote a second say the whole word because you'll dump it. Who wrote an entire book that said the homophobic anti-commonist crusader Joseph McCarthy was misunderstood. Thanks to liberal history teachers in the media and who thinks anyone doesn't kiss George W. Bush's ass is unpaid periodic. Fortunately for us, Coder has an obsessive hatred of well everything. As such he hates herself and does not identify as a drag queen and so people won't let Mark community for her ridiculous ran. It seems like there was a time in the 90s when folks like Coder Jerry Fawwell, Pat Robertson. People will make millions of dollars slandering the morality of others. We're right to the other way to being marginalized in American disclosure. This mist at American discourse dismissed as the wackos that they are. But thanks to things like Fox News president Bush and America's visual hatred of gay people, their voices are more prominent than ever, both on TV and that's a policy making table. Lyle's do think such a fuss was made over Janet Jackson's word-world malfunction, or while the words condom and sexually can't be said in public schools HIV curricula. It's a relief to know that they're standing on their last leg making one more desperate attempt to keep intolerance alive. Every time Coder advocates boyly immigrant babies, maybe more people will see how perverted the rest of the world view is. Maybe you got a boy-man Coder, what do you say? Can you imagine the stench would come from that? It's pretty good article from a gay guy. Yeah, 2020 votes on the poll. We got 10, 2020, baby. WBZ, 10, that's 103. Let's 10, 20, KDK. See if the beast was on top of things he'd have jumped right in there with WBZ. 10, 30 men. Radio 103, WBZ. Well, they gave me a raise station before you were born. How much do you care about the mommy he we got a thousand and 20 votes already? I don't give a Schmidt. I'll see every 91, 38, 23 percent. They do not care. That was my vote. I couldn't care less. I'm not going to pretend to have an interest now. To be a funny bandwagon's number. They don't need one more funny bandwagon's number. You got more than enough. I'll watch some and read the result. Three of our names. That's about 30. About 30 men. I'll watch some and read the result. Big fan will watch every playoff game, 199, 19.5 percent. I'll ride. They're on the edge of their seed waiting for tonight because they know if they lose their done. They're dead meat. I'll read about the scores but won't watch. 109, that's another 10 and a half percent. If you had that one with the first one, you got almost 50 percent. I hate this pull only 13, 1.2 percent. Generally speaking, they like this pull. Just like I think it was 47 percent of the sentinel pull yesterday that either didn't care or just wouldn't watch. We just read the score. They're very indifferent or couldn't care less. There were a lot of votes too. How many votes were there? Like the 76 hundred. We got a thousand and 22 and we got almost 50 percent of our regulatory crowd. Either don't care at all or they might check the score out. That's about it. We'll watch. How do you like that, huh? As opposed to some people, they think that the whole all-as-out floated is waiting man. They're just sitting on the edge of their seat. When they're finger deep inside their rectum, nose. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and they've arrived in Singapore. It's lying. Very, very weak phone action here today. Aren't you amazed after yesterday? It's probably because the beast is there. It's my fault. W2AM, hello. We're going to intimidate. We're intimidating. We're intimidating. W2AM, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. I just come back from Niagara Falls. I just saw on the Canadian side, then. So, I'll pause you. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. And I took the ride also to Toronto on the second which in the subway over there, which I didn't know about the subway, whatever. But they have beautiful mall in there. You took a ride to Toronto on the subway from Niagara Falls? No, no, no. I took it to Toronto. Oh, I see. My first ride on the subway. But for people telling everybody that Canadians are rude, they're in that step. I do want to. Whoever said that, they're telling about French Canadians. That's a different breed man. So, a whole different deal. Okay. Well, anyway, I want to as a fall there is beautiful. Yeah. So, I've never seen and went to the casino where you're talking about. And my wife lost the dog, maybe 40, 50 bucks a sol. Wow. That wasn't fun. I know, I said that in what you lose the split. We had a great time up there. I just want to determine if anybody hasn't gone as a very, very beautiful side. It's a breathtaking. Yes, it is. Okay. You can lose real bad as it would place two of your young. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. And if you had a fall, you and Niagara Falls is really great. You're right. Be sure to love that. You really would. You go nuts there. Come on out to go. Why don't you go on your honeymoon there. Where are you going? A cruise. You're set to. You're going to have to go back to the first place. 10, 50, 75, 60, 60, 50, 25, 60, 50, 20, 100, I've been telling for years. I've got to interject something right now. And then something to do with you or with any of that. We have reached a point. And I know I could just write out the rest of this week. I got vacation next week. I got to summer schedule for all summer long up until, after labor day after that. So I could just keep my mouth shut. But we have reached a point. I don't know if it's only on this show. This sales, I don't know what's going back on it with this new sales guy. We don't copy, I'll say it again. If you say the word copied in, he runs out of the building and goes up and down 440 and screaming like a child. These are crazy people, okay? It doesn't change. Nothing is happening here, okay? Nothing is happening. I feel like Bellevue Brian, you know, the guy says, the medications don't work, you're like that, you know? Something's got to start happening, baby. Something's got to, let's get ticked by talent there, baby. You know what I'm saying? This is God. Is it just me? No, it's not just you. No, I mean, something's got to give you. You've got to come up with some copy, man. You people back there in that sales department. You've got to start doing something. I mean, our copy on this radio station is state of the last year's saltine crackers, okay? That's how bad it is. You know, there's a little crackles that you put in, there's a little oyster crackles you put in the clam chowder? Yeah. Some of the ones that made 40 years ago are in better condition than our copy on this station. Something has to happen. Somebody's got to rattle somebody's cage, okay? Somebody's got to run up and down the hall, screaming, whaddling, screaming like a maniac, okay? That's it. To wakie fasties up. For years, I've been telling you called dialometrist when the old mattress wears out in his lumpy and bumpy and crappy. Call 1-800 mattress to live within a two hour window. They have an eligible bed and console is going to take care of it. And they have prices there on beatable all year round. If you thought dialing 1-800 mattress on the phone was easy, check out their website, MacPherson.com. Chop on the web anytime they were night with product details, prices and photos. You can check out online or call to place your order in schedule delivery. If factory-direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during their so-called big sales, plus dialometrist gives you 12 months financing too, a combination that's unbeatable. dialometrist offers a complete line of silly, surd a cane coil, stirrens a bit and is fostered, 10-perpidic instruments too. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get unbeatable prices. And like I've been telling you for years, the best in customer service too. That's why dialometrist is ranked numeral uno. I have been using them for years, I guarantee you, I'm back to the Beast Life on at your love. Call 1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for STAYL. This is Neil Roger. This is 5-16-2-8. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your blame. Any questions? You say the one that gets married? Let me give you some advice. If you want to be a heart of mother, let's go, light, always take a Jewish one. They don't wipe out from the back of the door, so don't worry. Go, dip, dip, dip, dip. Yeah, that's shit, that's American, dude. If you want to be a heart of mother, let's take a light, always take a Jewish one. They don't wipe out from the back of the door, so don't worry. I love you, the pollution never gets married. I'm gonna get a Jew. You wish why there's not a curse. I can't take them anything worse. All she ever wants to do is shop. Take your credit card and you'll dust up. Show us your interest that all in six. She only cares about your bitch. You are never gonna get laid. You'll be threatened but come to think you may. If you want to be a heart of mother, let's take a light, always take a Jewish one. They don't wipe out from the back of the door, so don't worry. Go, dip, dip. Yeah, that's shit, that's American, dude. If you want to be a heart of mother, let's take a light, always take a Jewish one. They don't wipe out from the back of the door, so don't worry. You should never marry a Jew. When you're hunting on this finely-threw, they're opportunities never gonna do. You only cares about your bitch. And I'd up to date about what's down there. You are gonna feel like a smuck, because you're never gonna get to. But now how it feels to be, if you're an elite, friends and set up a suit. If you want to be a heart of mother, let's take a light, always take a Jewish one. They don't wipe out from the back of the door, so don't worry. Go, dip, dip. Yeah, that's shit, that's American, dude. If you want to be a heart of mother, let's take a light, always take a Jewish one. They don't wipe out from the back of the door, so don't worry. Don't do, you should never marry a Jew. Hey, it's 11.05 at 5.60W to QM or just warming up for the nice big gay baby. The Marlin game, Marlin's in the braves. Oh, I never thought about that. Do you ever stop and think about how desperate that's gonna be? So, for maybe a smattering of braves, friends. I mean, with a big heat, the game number 3 coming up tonight, a must-win game, Daniel Abbas, you're in the hero, says it's the biggest game in a history of mankind. I mean, it's not gonna be any more desperate than it is. Usually, that's a good point, but at least a big good excuse anyway. Right. Got a thousand and forty-four hosts on the full. We don't need any excuses on it. We are job is done. Our work is done. Your work is not done out there on it, because the phones are dead as a door nail that they're in. And this is embarrassing. Had the beast come in and take a look at this and it probably report back to his buddy there, you know, Robert. 560560, Tom 560, he Verizon, Siggit, a wireless line. WDQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, that's hurricane. I didn't do much for it on air. Pretty much blue. Yeah. But the British petroleum is open on Hollywood Boulevard, and I hope you're here. Yeah. That was a good call. That was informative, man. Let's take a list of all the places that aren't closed because of the hurricane that wasn't never happened. Alberto, huh? Alberto Vio 5. Look at this, Paul, man. I think we even caught up with it late. It is dead as a door nail. I'm really disappointed, bitterly. You don't think that even it retards when away for the holidays, do you? Yes, I'm a time. It'll go really. Only pray. 560560, Tom 560, Verizon, Siggit, a wireless line. Today, just they won't let you screw off, man. After, yes, they have to. Oh, I got this great Stephen Hawking story. Oh, yeah. Yep. He says that we're going to have to go out of this world. Going to have to find other places to live because we're destroying the planet. What's that light just doing? I just lost it. Oh, there it is. Hawking says, human must go in a space. And then we can all sign like him. I'm like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Like that. Hey, I got an idea. Let's put Stephen Hawking on from 2 to 4. What do you say? Okay. We can call the Hawking a Chinatown show. Nobody QAM hello. Hey, hey, how you doing? Okay, pali. Hey, you're going to pray for the gebsers. Got no comment on 10, 10. WQAM hello. How are you? Yes, sir. Deal. You've talked about the data of what you were thinking of any musical. Was it swell? No. No. He was a great watch too. Yeah, he was. And the fact that in Fuckie doing set the same Hello. Yeah. Okay, great. See, I totally get some good ones in there. How about Bobby Hunter's how she's doing? How she be doing? And tug boyed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 and they drive into get a wireless line. WQAM hello. QAM with a red no print. Way up loud. Yes. I got an idea. I do a listen. I think of the tower half of my knees. Big booze high down here. Big way that nothing. There's nothing going on up there. Everybody is going jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. WQAM. Hello. Yes. This is off to Steve. I'm sitting on the side of the road here. I want to see something about your pole. And I'll wait for this check. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. They're going better. I want to. They took a little while to get the motivated. They've this probably spent a lot energy last night at the big soccer parties. You know, celebrating the waste loss to the Czech Republic. Well, I'm going to tell you something. You talk about, well, I'm not sure which is more boring. The hockey game between Caroline and the oilers last night. That was coma inducing was just pathetic. It was so bad that they had Kelly Rudy came on with about 10 minutes left in the third period to tell us all that Edmonton wasn't going to tie up the game. They were done last night. They just didn't. So they decided to blow out a piece of wood, but sometimes it just sparkling out a piece of wood. Besides that, it's an end. Okay. The choice of things. But any lady in the sense of fines of having any energy, and they weren't kind of and they didn't say does it work? That was worse or the US celebrations are released in the soccer game. I was wondering if you might play the bit of with Bush being in the green zone, the old bit about the United States turning over control of the green zone to the Iraqis and they're saying like hey, stick around for what you're hurry. Oh yeah, I know what you're talking about but you think it would have been a fine day. I can't know the name of that. I know what he's talking about. Just vaguely. He doesn't. How many QAM hello? Yes sir. QAM. QAM. QAM. Okay, I got a little something here. You got it. You got it. You got it. I got it. And that. Yeah, that'd be good. Yes. Ah. You're right. Oh boy. Don't be in a big green eye. Listen, this is just a little bit of a green eye. This is just a beginning baby. Ah, this is only the beginning. I want you to go out in a hallway and just start screaming. Yeah, I'm suffering from Joe Bell disease. I'm suffering from burnout. Not QAM burnout. Not radio burnout. I got Joe Bell burnout. What's that like? It's like nothing ever had before. It's worse than like leprosy. It's just it's horrendous. What is it? It's like a nightmare. It's like you're in a can't break in out and cold sweats all the time. Like this guy is a course. He handed the keys to the kingdom over to the beast and his boyfriend there. So we'll be okay. You know, his boyfriend that handsome young man. That's right. Now you should tell the beast about that. Huh? You didn't hear that? No. After this big summit meeting there on Friday of which came absolutely nothing of course with Norma Kent and Joe Bell and your buddy Clarence your boyfriend, your partner in crime. So I get the call for the report on a leader in the afternoon from Norma. And one of the first things he has to tell me is that, well, he met Clarence for the first time. He's a very handsome young man. Oh, yes. Even you who used to sleep with him, even you. See, he's doubled over and when he was doubled over man. So I tried to fold up a bowling ball. Yeah. Yeah. And you wonder why I'm depressed and frustrated. This is my age. This is my life. The rest of my career is hinging in the hands of this queen. You're fair, Norma. He makes those people right in about Rob Marciano like pale and at least Rob looks good. Anyway, you know, from a certain angle, from a distance. That's the upshot of the meeting. Okay. That's what came out of this big summit. Is that, Pernus is a handsome young man. Think about it. I think there'd be those people would say even you are a handsome young man compared to that. You know, compared to whatever that is. Oh, good gravy. He said something about that too, but I can't repeat it. 1113 at 5.60 WQM. Hey, if you want to take good care of your Tussies man, make sure you buy your shoes at a place where you're going to give you the best selection. And make sure you get a perfect fit every time. We're talking of course about Brandy shoes in Pompah, Robeach. Brandy's carries all your major brands that you know and love and want. Like floor shim and echo, new balance, no fist or rock poured hush puppies. And terms about the name brands and all sizes for men and women with fathers day coming up this Sunday. What a great gift idea that will be for dad too. Go into Brandy's and pick out a pick up pair. Go see our good buddy Arnie, who makes sure you get the right to finish shoes for your feed or dads or whoever's at might be at the right price every time. Brandy's only sells shoes, not pop up coaches, not vibrate or something you have to worry about. Is going in there and getting a great deal. Size selection and service you've always count on Brandy's. There were 12 9 new or federal highway in Pompah, but it'll be between Atlantic and Copa down the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day, 7 days a week for your shopping convenience Monday through Saturday, still 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week is a great week to shop for fathers day of Brandy's. Save up to 40 bucks a pair on rock poured floor shine and new balance men's shoes. And get a free gift with purchase too, so what's not to like. Be sure to get in there and do your fathers day shopping at Brandy's or you can shop right online at Brandy's shoes. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. It's transferred sovereignty to an interim Iraqi government two days earlier than anticipated. Here now is the excerpt from the official proceedings. This is an amazing day in the history of two countries. Let's go now. The United States and Iraq. That's you on me. What are we doing here? Chief Justice, my de-vamood. And now, here you go. Here you go. What's this key? It's all yours. What's all mine? You give me a car? No, no. Iraq. It's under your control. We're at it. No, wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's too early. You got two days left and then I was going to talk to you about that. I think we should put you back. Well, no, we figure since we should get it. We'll head a schedule. We're going to get going. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I don't even have shoes. I don't have no police. There's no cars. They got a throw to rocks. We're going to nothing. We're going to get out of the green zone. No, no, no, no. Go for the green zone. What do you mean? Take a deep breath. Relax. I understand. Or why? Like, actually, the nice place. It's not there. It's the only two days. It's the difference. It's too much. It's too much. No, I was like, we're going to get it. Wait a minute. Don't go. We're not ready. We are not ready. I don't own a fair of shoes. Maddie, you're very funny. We're going to get caught. No, no, no, no. It's not too much. We're not ready. You can come in. Bomb after my country and give me the keys and say it's all yours. But it's all coming together. It's all coming together. They should have me in the road. The people are happy now that Tom is gone. No, no, no. I wonder's happy? Look at that kid over there. He's having smile on over there. And if you're president, you're a sea love. They love me, love me, love me, love me. They don't love. Surely, you need my kids one between the eyes. It's over. Well, that's why I'm leaving. I, I, I, I, I, I've heard my foot. I can walk. Well, I talk about a recipe. The interim prime minister, E.L. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I Okay, You stay of me, okay? Okay, okay, okay, okay. Forget all day. Your footsteps. Don't seek me, organize it. Bl . Don't seek me. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. How do you be? You're standing here, on the roof of the night, believe it.mani myself, proceed to come. number and I would just want to be a pretty good sweep calls there we did tell me that was there. Had a couple of good ones. Had a couple of fabulous ones. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 and the Verizon and the Singular Wireless Line. It's really something man between the Alzar Cowey thing and our Bush shows up and Iraq and you'll see that Democrats will once again blow it in the American public. We're just dumber than dirt getting sucked in again. Just keep lying to us in line. It was just how same thing you, you're why. Propagated you want. We love it. There's the polls already starting to twist and turn a little bit and I'll just have a crap. All has to find, of course, Carl Robe gets off of it. All has his fine handwriting underneath it. WDQLAM Hello. 2AM. Hello. Oh. Does Neil Rogers? Yes sir. Neil, you're feeling burnt out. Have you been your parton? John Barnes, I'll call him another one. Ready to do me. Yeah, okay. Come into QAM Hello. I'm just burnt out on Joe Bell. I just sent him an email. QAM Hello. I had to do it. I did it with suicide. I do have a nice patio here on the 9th floor. QAM Hello. I need that. Yeah, good. QAM Hello. QAM. Neil God? Yes sir. I just want you to know that it's raining in Fort Myers and we can hear you on the way to you. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Yeah. Sounds like you're waiting. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well that's right when it rains again. Here's on the west coast. Maybe that bitch Joyce can hear us today. That bitch that's slut. I've not just piece of turd. That was a good article. Well, we'll get it. They don't want to use the word but it rhymes with what they do on 4th down in football. The nominal. That was really sensational. That's you, Joyce. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Neil. Yes. Good to please say a prayer for you. WQAM Hello. Hey, maybe that cop again. Yeah, that sounds like Steve the cop. Maybe finally caught that chick. And it's great when they got their gizmos all wound up and ready to go. It's fabulous. It just tremendous. I have no right. WQAM Hello. These are the same people by the way. Who's been most of the day on the Rob Marcy and a website. QAM. Playing. Playing. WQAM Hello. Neil. I guess that would be dead bird. Wouldn't. Yes. They're good morning. The other day I was watching. Loot dubs. Guess who was on there. Our old friend Randy Rolls. Yeah. She wouldn't get any of us. She wouldn't get anybody to chance to say anything. She wouldn't. She wouldn't. She had all the answers. She's an expert on all of the people. She's the Raven Raven. Right. I can't believe that. I tried to call her one day to tell her when she was on your station. She was born. She didn't come out to be an expert about world and country affairs. Now she knows everything there is to know just after. That is correct. What happened to her? What do you mean what happened there? I guess you must have seen her, huh? 560, 50560. She had a very handsome lady like the clearance. And Tom 560. I noticed the way to be splurged at that when I reported that to him. Just blurted it right out of just. Yeah. He's gone. I thought by the way Tommy's going to put him in the handle. Well, he probably put him over the edge. You probably have to go for therapy now. Oh, so we got Tommy back again today. It's kind of like mix and match. Right. I just sent an email to Joe Bell. I was response to his insipid email. I got yesterday. And I said I'd never really been a very suicidal person. But between him and clearance they're starting to change my whole attitude about that. WCWM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. You're talking about Melalukas the other day. I know the whole story of the Melalukas in Florida. Well, whoever caught him in ought to be shot. The same people I brought in for you. Just like the people I brought to Boofo Toes at you to tell you Miami. His name was Napoleon Bonaparte Brouard. Uh-huh. And his idea was to drain the Everglades and build houses there. But he's seated the Everglades of Melalukas. He can, he would suck up for the water and he could do that. He would have been a kid to miss the Brouard. I used to work with him, too. That was beautiful. 26 times. You wanted it. You got it, man. Hey, you got it. They're starting to get really good. Oh, yeah. This is even better in yesterday. Wow. We told Georgia to get back next week. Boy, we're building up to a crescendo from here. I have a feeling. I could be wrong. But I'm thinking so. We just practice in for George. Hey, if you love Boating and who the hell doesn't want to get out on the wall? You're really otter. But don't do it to stupid way by spending a lot of money to buy a boat and then have to go through all the maintenance and grief. Do it to a smart way by renting one from Club Notico. Just call him at 1-800-BOLRENT and they'll take care of all the hassle for you. 1-800-BOLRENT. You'll be amazed at how easy they make having a boat is. There's no docking cost, no expensive upheep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation and what we should have got a good, a little bit of a scarier today. Almost the first to regain the season. When the boat from Club Notico is totally stressed free and really affordable too, you don't have to really respond. But if you want to go right ahead. Call 1-800-BOLRENT. No get into boat ready. Club Notico is a for you. No cleaning up either because guess what they take care of that as well. And Club Notico hears the way it works. You just top on your boat. Go ahead and have a great time when you've done important with the dock it off and walk away and let them take care of all the rest. Club Notico. 1-800-BOLRENT. From unlimited boat and to pay as you go from small boats to yachts. It's Club Notico. Call 1-800-BOLRENT. Let's Club Notico take our plan to fit your needs and your budget. Get on the water today. The hassle free the inexpensive way with Club Notico. 1-800-BOLRENT. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. Powered David's A-bit. Straight down, Zhao. Where the month was going to hang from trees and trees and joves. You're not so full of station poles. You've handled raining all. Now as north, there are lines and poles. Rallings of big city and open. That's where the bees leaves had to go. We're galley, Riley Jones. 1-800-BOLRENT. Heels who he can. Shake your hand like a friend. And quickly walk away. Yes, they had Joe's. Go to 5-6-Os with ratings in the toilet mode to get those. Plaming for cold moans and order and controls. And then so galley, Riley Jones. Above you were ran in the no-fila's mode. Go and hear his white moths. Gives Galley his own Joe. He'll make the big change. Every no rain. It's worse or the same. He has him gone of David. Or goes on the air at two. Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a four. Grandfather's actually lost for a radio. The G.M. 5-6-Os. Drawling, Riley Jones. It's 11-800-BOLRENT. He likes that. It's only 11-32. 11-800-BOLRENT. So he said we done enough work for one day. Ground break. Pussy's fantastic. Calls that we've had so far. Too bad Tommy missed some of these last few minutes. Last one was pretty good about Napoleon Bonaparte. He was good. 5-6-7-05-60. 5-6-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11 11-11-11-11-11-11-22-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-12-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-mos-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-11-12-15-9-11-11-11-11 the last one to start about the 2004 stolen presidential election. Yeah. What? I don't understand why only a handful of Democrats spoke up. What? What's the negative opinion? Can you ask you to ask the President, did you see Fahrenheit 911? Of course. Okay. Did you remember to see when the black caucus was asking for one member of the Senate to sign the resolution? Asking for a recount of the vote and investigation? I know. I saw the vote. There wasn't one senator. The ball's to sign on and support the black caucus. Okay. Kennedy, not John Kerry, not Russ Fyngel, not Al Gore, not anybody. But what did they have to lose me? I left it on trying to get the angle. I'm trying to get them. I don't know. Why they wouldn't speak up. I mean, they wouldn't be able to even offer me a few. I don't know. It's maybe also a no-back question. I don't think that's excuse me at all. Although, to remember the way Kerry, I'm the day after the election and I already asked him a question about Ohio and about the exit pulling. And he chose to as usual, Wimpa, because that's especially when it's out he whimps out. He had all his balls back and Vietnam and then when he came home from the war, open up a big mouth and told the truth about it. And then since then, they like to be bald him. What is packed for Kennedy on there? Have a good one, Patrick. We got a big game tonight, Pat. Maybe you can break some of them, Ticquila deals. Don't forget our White Hot Heat Headquarters at the Ketch of the Amyme. We got Gildi in town two to four. No! And it became tonight, it tended to, of course, if the heat are losing at that point, it might not be too much of a celebration. I don't think they'll lose tonight. I don't think so. No, you know something maybe they will. No, how's that soccer match coming? Maybe at the World Cup between Togo and Korea. Oh, they must be in halftime. At under 21 level, we've got coaches in our system and can. Okay, good. That's great. Let's get right on it. WQAM, hello. Hey, how you doing, Pally? Okay, sir. Two things. Number one, I've been attuned to many blockbuster movies this year with my son. And it was X-Men and it was this other one with the mission of possible free. And you don't know, is that really enjoying the movie? There's so much computer generation now that you don't even know ever since the nature came out. What's really happening if they're acting or they're putting them in a screen and everything's generated. What do you think about that? Even they'd go and back. The godfather was amazing. This was like one on one. You're standing there. I mean, not even the bullet scenes were like computer generated. This was unbelievable. Yeah. Okay. What do you think? Yeah, I thought what he was thinking about that. I don't. You know what I think? I think that should be his worst problem. Good point. That's an old saying my mother used to say that it allowed to be your worst problem. I would agree with that. In fact, boy, it could be worse. You could have your bill. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, or you could have Chris Jones. I'm not much at time and there's a lot about that copy situation. You can some good new copy in there in the production every day. Because, we're sure not. Staler than last year's halvah. Old, stale, unacceptable. That's what it is. I want you to go down the halvah right now. I want you to take a cherry bomb and stick it right in Chris Jones's. That's him. Okay. And then run run run run. What? Or maybe just stick a dynamite would do. And then run like hell. Come on. You two way in. Hello. That's what they need somebody to light a fire under their ass. Yes, sir. Yeah, I need you to play for me. The park in the godfather. Where Michael and Fred. Bring that out of here. The same guy again. I need you to play for me in a godfather. Get out of here. Go play part cheesy. Okay. Double EQA and hello. Listen, he'll order. Yes. You have to run to movie man by dog. It's a must. You know good film. Get with it, man. He's telling me to get with it. Excellent. Okay. Man, vice. 5605. 6th. I think I see that. When Tom 560 and they've rising and singular. I'm so told you. Yeah, I heard that part. That was the signal. 2 AM. Hello. Not great. God. WQAM. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. It's an honor and a pleasure to speak to you on this day. A hundred of you daughters waiting. Well, maybe. Maybe my son. How about the revolving door slot? They work for cheap. What does that mean? What will I would you speak and say? The revolving door slot. They work for cash. Right? That's the way to get a free meal today. Yeah. That is all. Okay. You want to translate that for me? Now just keep on going. To be evolving door slot. They work for cheap. Okay. Maybe that's why I tell the is on it. Maybe he's got some kind of a deal. They've got to pay him anyway. So they... I have no idea. I mean, why would anybody? Well, actually, he has any hearing. Put that on the ear. I don't know. He's on every day the rest of the week. Today, he's on tomorrow. He's on Thursday. He's on Friday. But they got a plan. Let me ask you. They got a plan. But if you got any better ideas, though, before they tell you what their plan is, I want to say to Dave Johnson and Friday, there's an old scam with the track. All these guys wander around these dead beasts. I know who's going to win this race. Tell me who it is now. Let's know if you're right. And they go around like all these different or I got a better one than that. They go like to, there's eight horses in the race. And they go like to eight different people. I know who's going to win the race. If you buy me a $2 ticket on the winner, I'll tell you who it is. Now, tell you the one and it goes somebody else and then they'll tell them the two. And then they wind up with two hour winds again and every horse in the race. And then, of course, the favorite winds in phase like 360. So really wasn't worth the effort, you know. Right. 120 votes. No, you don't know. You're not a track person. You know about the race. I don't think nothing about the food. And you know what? You're a lot better off. You're right about that. Don't get started with this gambling crap, old man. That's a bad way to go. That's another problem. And then you know, this is one of his gambling. It's like a disease. Have this discussion so many times over the last eight and a half years. Is it a sports station? Is it a gambling station? There's a big difference. Okay. I'm actually involved games. I don't have a bed on the ballgame. You know, I got enough problems on machines to wood by. I don't have to worry about betting on ball games. And betting on soccer matches. Crap like that. Fitting on hurricane baseball. I mean, we're talking real sickly generates man. I tease when the jets and I tucked it off. And I don't even know where I roll a language they're speaking. that means not really I don't even know what that means I have to ask Hank if he's I don't want to know what it means I don't want to ask him if he's getting in on that the member that's storm betting some of the yeah yeah that's right they were talking about the yesterday the odds of the hurricane how many they're gonna be where's it gonna hit and how many people are gonna croak and how many blue roofs are gonna be in your neighborhood you know they got the morning lawn odds on that although obviously they made it that's a new format something to think about you of this is the. maybe the Wild socialist. the completely Oh you can tell your fans you don't like Adam and see if they have some requests you just say yo and then tell mama 10 to tell them management if you want nobody message with your show. So don't pretend to and when you're just just true tell George you can relax and some leave and then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell even almost makes you the scraper. Don't play up part the sound of a fart I don't think George would understand because if you play up part the sound of a fart you'll be in trouble with the crazy plan. Oh it's 147 god forbid I hear that George has got this big strap on device is the room where I'm here. Yeah where to hear that. Around town. I heard that Joe is well at any rate looking at that next hour. A role designed by the EPA to keep groundwater clean your oil drilling sites and other construction zones was loosened after the White House official rejected it and made complaints by energy companies that it was true restrictive and after well connected Texas oil executive appeal to White House senior advisor Carl Roe the new rule which took effect yesterday came after years of intense industry pressure including core battles and behind the scenes agency loving but environmentalist vowed that the fight was not over. Distributing internal White House documents that they said portrayed the new rule as a political playoff in an industry long line with a Republican party in George W. In 2002 Texas oilman and longtime Republican activist Ernest Angelo wrote letter to Roe complaining that an early version of the rule was causing many in the oil industry to open a spread doubt system of electing Republicans who wind up with this type of stupidity. Roe responded by forwarding the letter to top White House environmental advisors and scrolling a handwritten note directing an aid to talk to those advisors to get a response ASAP. Roe's later wrote to Angela was sure that there was a keen awareness within the administration of addressing not only environmental issues but also the economic energy and small business impacts of the rule. Environmentalist pointed to the role correspondence as evidence that the Bush White House more than others has mixed politics with policy decisions that are traditionally left to scientists and career regulators at the time, Roe over saw the White House political office and was directing strategy for the 2002 midterm elections. Angela had been mayor of Midland Texas when Bush ran an oil firm there is also a long time honey partner of Roe's. The two men first worked together when Angela managed Ronald Reagan's nineteen eighty to campaign in Texas for prison. Well there you go, more and more to say, man, nothing happened, man. Just throw your arms up in here. That's all you can do. It's drink some of that thick yellow throw your arms up in here and say, screw it. That's all. Dan Netanyahu and vote a part for our. I think the guy had a good point. He has to all up. Nobody said. Yep. 560560 pound five 60 level rise in singular white as lying. We got Goli at catch the day at two. Any interest? WQAM. Hello. Oh, and he helped me for a second. Turn your my radio off. Thank you. Yes sir. In our singing that this I think the station made a mistake. Get last week and not putting that previous or in the exact amount. Oh yeah. No, don't leave. You hear me out. They were more than the money California. And another very good and lastly would add a lot to. That would be a different for I am a little rips. But then you just move people around. I mean from that to the prize and hang to the five to say. Well, what are you talking about? You use we ought to put them on in the morning permanently. Is that what you're saying? I think that if they worked out I think give them a drop. Well, what do you mean if they worked out they never want to be. I know. I don't know what happened. I was anxious actually to listen. Yeah. Because I thought of that they you know. So in other words, you're suggesting that the solution to our programming goes into QAIM is to put big stock and unless they listen, visor on in the morning and running drive. I think it's possible. I don't know. It's possible that $1,000 bills are going to fall out of the sky and in your backyard and a half an hour. I don't think it's going to happen. I don't either. But I just thought that. Yeah. Okay. That's that idea. Wow. 560560 pound five 60 leave a rise and see you to write a line. How do you like that? Another programming expert out there. I'll at least this guy had an idea. Right. At least the anesthesia. Yeah, I wasn't a good one. But no, that's correct. At least it's a start. How many QAIM? Hello. It's a start part two. 560560 that's our last call. Not even noon yet and they're out of material. That pathetic or one. Yeah, that's pretty bad. The moment different from yesterday, man. Yesterday, we're ready, willing and able. Today. Uh-huh. 560560 pound five 60 leave a rise and see you to a wireless line. What's it, and what thing George is going to do on next week? All week long. Hope you enjoyed your good lots of talk about it. I hope you had a lot of talk about it. Yeah. I hope he has a lot to talk about. Yeah. And tie. Don't leave Tommy out of your question. Yeah, man, I'll be here. I'll be around. Sure. Are you QAIM? Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Good. What do the QAIM is about this? How do you keep saying, Lee's in. Lee's in. Come on, you women. Stop saying. What's in the bottom of your business? Do you think is that? Do you not, uh, you get the power to see you power. So tomorrow, do we go? And says you can't say hello. You, you've been like, go on. You have the following if you just follow the road. She says, now. Yeah. And no, I'm just saying the two, the two, I, I, I, I like you. Wow. So that's a bullet and joyous destroying WQAIM. And Joe Bell is a willing, co-conspirator and clerics is up there and both of their asked. That is correct. You've got it. Wasn't that a very perspicacious guy? He's a regular. He's a cry. So even the listeners are aware of what's going on. Now we're learning today. And what would you like me to do about it, sir? Okay. Would you like me to play a bevy of fart sounds now? Would that make you feel like emancipated? These people have come along. They are strangling. They are destroying. They are butchering butchering. What is left of this radio station? They're butchering this show. They're butchering what we can play, what we can say, what we can do. And Norma can't. His response is our clerics is a very handsome young man. And you wonder why I'm kind of playing whaddling out there in my underwear, under where I'm at the ninth of my little line for a balcony and just taking a little dive off the edge. You wonder why I would have told what even ever crossed my mind? These are not radio people. These are not even business people. These are crazy people is what they are. Through it and I don't care if anybody, you know, you have to say a word, but anybody who would try to compare the environment, the situation, the atmosphere, the whole ambiance, the ratings, I mean you name it. What's happening at QM right now? But even like six months to be year ago, it's like the difference between Sirloin steak and elephant poop. And believe me, if the Sirloin steak ain't on the table right now. Because if it is, it smells very strange to me. Yeah. You follow what I'm saying? Yeah? I hear you. We've got a totally different environment now and responses, but you don't your life me, oh, you guys like me, come on. That's our new GM, don't your life me, I'd be like me so far. Well, if I had to play those sounds, I'd let you know. Let me have it in 43 votes on a poll man. We got that, we got a real response on a poll today. That's the important stuff. The big response is 38 and a half percent couldn't give a flying crap less about the heat. How do you like that? But thank your pipe and smoke a big fat one. WDQAM, hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. Let me visit you. Sir. I knew I got a volume. Surprise that you even have, don't camp in your room. In my mind. How you slept, Mr. Attorney? Yeah. I'm not trying to say what to do, but back in the old days, you got what to been gone, just like the birds. Just like anybody else was in doing what you told them to do. Yeah. Maybe it's time for somebody else. I thought you just said you were new listener. 30 year listener. Oh, 30 year listener. Say it's off all. Okay. Well, I changed it around this little bit. 30 years. Yeah, no one's out. Okay. Bye bye, Norma. Yeah, that guy's right. I keep saying that and I don't do it because I'm a weak sister. You know, I should say goodbye to that sister. That guy's right. When you agree, give him the boot and you're out in Norma. You're accomplishing nothing. Okay, I mean, when I'm waiting for the results of this hour-long meeting that's supposed to be a sum of meaning to address some of the many, many issues that I have with this current regime we got and the response to the first thing I'm hearing is, well, basically two things, two things. Number one, parents is a very handsome young man, which believed me. I mean, that's just, you know, a tribute to bad eyesight and the desperate queen. And number two, he's going to be sending, he advises them. He puts them on notice. He's going to be sending them the letter this week that he knows they're not going to pay any attention to. Now, can you get much butcher than that? Oh, no. No, you can't get much more macho than that. I guarantee a condor, leisure is a lot more butcher to that. I guarantee a man-colder is a lot more macho than that. I was going to say mispudges even more macho than that, but that would be getting a little over the top. Bye-bye Norma. Get out of my life. You loser, you idiot. You quiz-ling-and. You fairie. You know, sometimes it's the things you can't see that really are bad for you and South Florida for 28 years. Dry concepts are simply the best at making your carpet look like brand new. I've used them myself for over 21 years. They never let you down. When you dry clean your carpets, you really can. With dry concepts, you can clean the day and entertain the night. It's not just a slogan. It's for true. Carpets stay clean to longer with no sticky residue left behind. And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, you know that they're doing a lot of things right for a long time. Let me remind you that dry concepts also are the experts in water damage restoration. Keep that in mind during hurricane and storm season under way as in this moment. Certified technicians get to live a mold zone in minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your own business dry within 24-70 to hours it's guaranteed. The top of it all off, dry concepts as they did the Ariana rug cleaning plant. The only one in town on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area rugs looking brand new. To do yourself a big favor, called dry concepts today. They'll do a phenomenal job. I'm even the most hopeless looking carpets that make them look like you have brand new laid right on your floor. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-507-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN-RUN and dry concepts. The next is Neil Rodgers. This is 5.62 pesos. And this portion of the Neil Rodgers in 12-0 an hour is brought to you by the ledger 12. One two three four five six seven eight nine eleven twill. So like this is a pizza. All for me. And then the two four five six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six five six six two out curled up many other teams and two two one tombs Roy Ha cutting quarters anybody ready for that oh five six seven six six one five six six eight six six seven five six six six fifth five six seven five six six strength two seven two nine five six six six six six six nine nine eight seven six six six seven five nine five fifth seven five six six nine six seven five six five five six five six six six nine six six six seven six ten six six six six seven six six six six with bricks number double over six seven two five six six six six seven five six six six six minus one five six six seven eight Six seven five seven two five six five six six six seven five seven five six six six six six seven wireless lines kind of a really a tug of war today with a sonny isn't it I'm this phone talking to and I won't let's say finally get going man's been pretty much fabulous when you wouldn't be the word you'd use no that really what would the word be you'd use I'm not let's say that word indescribable and I know how about that one that's it 1160 votes on a poll we're gonna have over 1,200 by one o'clock holy moly rat man this is a tumultuous response that's why then I call on your busy online what do you think yeah that's it tapping it out somebody q a m hello q a m heat headquarters yes I do it okay I'm the son of seducing about and culture can we put it on the border I'm the two little people are sending all over to our rock and she can read to the tree okay five six seven oh five sixty one of why we don't have any lady covers cause there aren't any and pong five sixties always the same always the same I feel like the somebody is turn a clock back and we got back to mr. Broward and or no even beyond that showly spedaburg and herb similar on the old k t days point counterpoint even cross fair went off the omsen good she's always got that same tone of hysteria in her voice you know I'm sure she means well but unfortunately the end result is like well you have some bad end results yes and that's where that was coming from right on the hind end come in q a m hello yeah they keep going lose but we need to be speaking about our excuses for the dolphin this year okay a call upon the sports chosen callman five six seven oh five sixty maybe danceies call peppers you think there could be it or Ricky's in Toronto oh I see them I smell them I don't know maybe that was a big split he was smoking ice melt they could have been it probably yeah they might have been it I smelted five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty knee Verizon singular wireless line how about those Carolina Hurrie Cains man let's get hockey intensive what do you say that across the line of set of and board makes it no there you go there's some ancient orders in the bro ones huh with old Bob cool before we came to see now there's some leaves TV how much of the what's Raptors TV got on there or the chef's whiskey show who I didn't have no choice for a ski the first two I actually five for a job and if you just tell you how old mighty I'm like he was I had a quinceon is mouth or something five six seven oh for something pound five six knee Verizon singular wireless line thirty q a m hello q a m w q a m hello yes yes speaking easy thing is just to go all the way through and then just give it a bit that point because I understand twelve times and tell me what kind of cell phone you got to have a full man fantastic the best let's do some spots for them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty knee Verizon singular wireless line w q a m hello hey me or how are you doing okay sir I got a plan I don't know how good it is but rich people now let us get that doesn't have to do with the extent that it's a visitor no it has to do with getting rid of choice yeah okay I'm just a perfect way such a perm headling and so forth I've lost my needle right so that's a lawsuit in ten dollars every listener and start a class actually lost you yeah and they ten dollars will pay to the attorneys uh-huh about it about the real attorneys is opposed to normal can how about like a real attorney yeah we're not gonna send letter if we not gonna send letters to them twenty two things that he tells me advancing those that are gonna pay attention to you can understand that a class action lost to ten fifteen twenty thousand dollars yeah yeah okay all right now great idea and these people gonna send ten fifteen twenty cent no I mean you saw that one we have that that fiasco with that uh- did we ever get a final number on that it was a two-in-bursting even mentioned I don't think we even got a 30 grand on that deal no we probably didn't and we never got a final number yeah every time I asked Miguel for it he's like the guy has in contact with me no I think the guy loves the country would do whatever can't you got I wouldn't do it wouldn't surprise me that whole thing was a scam for beginning to end of his zaster kind of what's going on now in general I said like force failure you know it's like guaranteed failure WQA and that's why still can these people they were all processed three yes sir I think that the probability that quantum or the I think they've been murdered me what do you think yeah right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular right as line WQA M hello okay hey are they ever you got talking about it will fix the one you said was good Samsung's what I got the Samsung what's the call the LP or LP or LP or this is in 246 okay good luck you pay you love it the hump or got the same one he loves it that's the best one going man don't get those I don't want to I don't want to tell you what to do but that's just my personal advice I love my set up my HD and you'll be pleased to know that all those NBA games are on HD and a hockey game last night was on the HD and a soccer game right now I could go in the other room and watch the soccer game on HD I just might just might do it well to keep you here because I know the audio what do you know no so that same game who the other is I can tell by the similar it's the spikes it's Switzerland against somebody because I can see by the uh... shfights not sparse that was earlier to go which parts this is shfights it would be nice of that I see I don't want to see the replay I'm not interested it wasn't exciting the first time it was sticking his leg out there in a trip in the guy let's see what ever was the ball way down purely just did a header back to midfiel switcherland in France oh shfights in brought you well baby yeah no one though no no okay as it no god man that's a good and does that tell you a lot about what's wrong with the world this is the most popular so called sport in the world to me this isn't even a sport this is just uh... nonsense stuff in nonsense and so based on people getting like drugs if I in little Portugal here tonight to go after that mention yesterday they had all the Portuguese because they wonder again that day and so a little Portugal into water they had like uh... almost riots and people got bloody the were pictures in the newspaper on a front page and all these civilized people are but boy they went under their country wins a soccer game they're all going to be made for thought about man is that what it's all about so that it's if you're if the soccer team that represents your country wins what what does that say about you does that make you some kind of a mince because you're your soccer team one that make you some kind of somebody special for a sense from some ten-tenth world country that nobody gives a crap about time i just don't get it w q a m hello a happy how happy are you for the wizard ray wany uh... yeah i'm happy for him i'm not happy for keralina but i'm happy for him absolutely i have to agree with you and uh... had a good and call him as well they weren't good enough for us yeah i'm happy for ray hello at his name on a standly cup after tomorrow night awesome okay thanks right me hold on maybe a send me a few bucks he's good guy i good buddy ray wany and his wife uh... Brigitte i told i took them to roots christ one i'd not tell you that yeah you did before long-mail lots of a coz you on the big spender and of course the rumors were there too but uh... uh... not the big spender anywhere there's a free meal there are always were the rumors again you noticed that word i was in past tense don't see them no more than their Columbus and thank goodness when they come up here they know better than father me and five six seven five six and this not in the free loaders you know as more than happy to buy dinner for ray all the way handshake with the right ones i think it was making three million year but nothing to be fined and to be in k and he hates it in keralina by the but he i'm sure he's real is it's he that's it there's a in every dark cloud is a silver lining just keep that in mind this keeps in it for yourself pretty soon you believe it it's like this joe bell christian thing you know this joe bell joe's current thing maybe i'll just mess something good is going to happen you believe it uh... i hope i hope yeah i was asking tami not you optimistic man i have the same response yeah mom just a couple of real pansies thirty q a m hello w q a m i'm pretty countercrawian counter hello and you're are you okay now i'm watching all this i still don't think the democrats have been a winner in the number i think i'm going to blow it man i can just smell it now i can see the carol roe handwriting all over this thing alzer kawi and i'll bushers up in a rack today with a surprise visit and uh... you can just smell it man there's one there's there's not even smart enough to play some of the republicans there are game one example i got the senate say wire tapping i i want to give up the phone right i don't think it's back on will speak the street safer in the stack of a take away some of your done right and back up is at the end already to the fighting for you uh... isn't that what the republicans have been doing with the other issues democrats are impotent man they're just uh... they're a death waste your dinner accident way in the happen pathetic you know them are going to be pathetic i still don't think they're going to do it pray for us all you know okay i'll say a book for you palio k from afar say a brahma for me we got steven harpur baby cash is all of all of it at roeville not face charges in the plane case carol roving mania who's the manipulating all this stuff and i'm sure that the bush trip to a rack is a surprise for today and he's taken hands with almeriki there and all these other guys in the meantime in the meantime little what they're not reporting very much on it all in the matter of fact it was on the website story that i read about all the violence again and back that in all around a rack today all they murder and bloodshed and bombings and stuff that's going on all around did not talk about that but it's yours of willson clean i'd be just file footage of that i mean he'd never give up him say something i don't want to hit him say none twelve minutes past no like i say gornish talfa man enjoy your life that's all you can do because the fascist to take it over you know we were more life goes in cycles and we had the nazis in in europe in the uh... thirty's and forty's and now we went now sixty seven years and we got the nazis back all over the world although they did finally wise up in Italy they got rid of their nazi burlascony but nevertheless what's that what's that to do with a press of post-auret eleven hundred eighty votes dial eleven eighty wHA and rochester all right horrible station boring there's bob turn around whtm you know that one of them went to high school i think it was before used to go away ratches to your amirks hockey tickets on the air if you'd like to send in a postcard that's pretty cool and several times i actually want amirks hockey tickets that's probably because there were a lot of people listening there were probably not a peon actually the amirks did pretty well is still around the rochester amirks how do you like that i guarantee they probably draw almost as well as the of panthers if they had this bigger arena they do okay how much do you care about the mimey heat eleven hundred and uh... looking i won't have over twelve hundred by the bottom of the star this is shocking to me this is flaggasting isn't it i'd say so yeah the fact that we even have this many people left listening after all the obstructions and the uh... it's it's not a fact if this was a hotly game it'd be called pennilies every ten seconds for obstruction obstruction hooking obstruction uh... screwing it up obstruction isn't it there's joe bill on the penalty box with with joys he's got that big good device out again put your pants back on joe cut it out eleven eighty six votes how much do you care about the heat i don't give it for a hundred and fifty four thirty eight point two percent while maybe it's not as wide-eyed as we think it is how much some in the result three hundred and sixty thirty point three percent it's a little over dot thirty man i can seem like two enthusiastic big fan i want every pay off game twenty thirty five nineteen point eight percent okay i read about the scores but we want to know if i'm twenty one that's another ten percent so well almost you know so this is the way this is evening out now it's almost exactly like a son sent a boy yesterday yeah because the number of indifference or don't care people was like about forty seven percent members that was almost half right in ours right now if you had those two gets forty eight point four percent and i hate this pool sixteen one point three percent very few so they like it man they like it a lot and the poll two finally a TV experience like no other comcast digital cable with on the man is easy to use and let's you take fewer control over whole new level with comcast on demand TV is on your terms because you can choose to show on your schedule and possibly why to whatever you want and for limited time you can get connected to comcast digital cable age beyond demand for just thirty four ninety nine a month for your first three months why is TV so much better with on demand for starters you can watch over three thousand female business shows whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is ready to start when you say so the programming including free movies kids shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it you sure can't get all this with satellite so this that this today possibly the alley Sally and get six seven's about five hundred fifteen bus plus on demand to go to your own TV schedule that's to all on demand is free with comcast digital so pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you're a man's without it call to in order comcast digital cable and HBO with the power of on demand for only thirty four ninety nine a month free first three months and date call three oh five comcast and in nine five four comcast call today for full details don't forget certain restrictions apply this is new Roger watch solid this is five seventeen gold sold I'm just saying like a throat shankling But I haven't done nothing like that for years So good man, I'm getting a higher I've got my share of your songs here to go For a shot we still have said I'd go that shankling But I can't touch the roads for this track alone You see a moment that I come in my way free to radio I work for a tough day and I think it's over that You did still good, I'll be your son with later I fight for any kind of power that will play me fast I bet you push that in the off Okay that's good enough I usually step on your last part, didn't do that time though Like that baseline Fine one pass note if you are and we got guilty of two Speaking of this A consumer advocacy group, a suit the operator of Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant To try to force it to stop frying foods and artery clogging fat Just look at the window there, that's the one by you because we don't have a window Bullpen, look at the window, what's right next door there? Nice kernel You can almost smell the fat Can you? Yes, when you walk outside, you can smell the grease That's the first time you could smell the fat in our building since Josh Friedman was there Can you leave me his eye never noticed that? Of course I used to get out of the real fast, you know I didn't hang him long enough to sniff it That was not a good aroma The Center for Science in the Public Interest in the suit father against Yomat Brands Inc In the Superior Court for the District of Columbia said some KFC meals were Starlingly high and artery clogging trans fat from the partially high graduated oils used for frying Not just high but starlingly high CSPI's executive director Michael Jacobs and said it was hard to avoid trans fat at KFC Then other fast food restaurants Trans fat is almost everywhere in his menu he be seen I've frying in such a dangerous oil KFC is making its unsuspective consumers arteries extra crispy All right Well, I mean you set out in the crowd you can probably think of like rubber bands They're so extra crispy the suit seats to force the KFC changed the stuff cooking with trans fat or clearly worn customers about the health hazard KFC does not properly warn the scopes we've been talking to consumers that they're eating food I didn't prepare it with the worst oil available the roofs in a legal complaint The roof has to court the switch to a healthier frying oil if that's ruled out the group has to court to require signs of KFC outlets saying KFC fried chicken and certain other foods contain Trans fat which promotes heart disease how about a scholar crossbow and sounds good? Fair enough. KFC spokesman was not immediately available for comment they're hiding in the kitchen CSPI said a typical three-piece combo meal with an extra crispy chicken drumstick To us to crispy thighs potato wedges in a biscuit contain 15 grams of trans fat 15 grams. Oh my god. Yeah, health experts exist minimizing trans fat consumption as much as possible Research shows it raises LDL or bad cholesterol or lowering HDL the good stuff Last week number three was Burger Chain Wendy's said it was significantly cut trans fat from its menu by switching to a new blend of corn and soil for oil for french fries and breaded chicken items McDonald's vowed in 2002 we will transfer from his french fries to us, but they're still thinking about having them so yet young brands based in Louisville Also operates the pizza hot and Taco Bell fast food chains. How do you like that? KFC you're killing us man. You're making our arteries extra crispy like people know that they don't have anything on the menu that they don't know that are you all right? You think before people go through the drive through their they're adding up they got a little calculated there Ad enough how many grams of trans fat to get from the kernel you really believe that definitely not full of crap 1215 votes are we am I ahead of swimming I can't believe it and why do you believe it well, what's going on with this? I guess maybe they're sending a message here, but of course it's gonna fall on the affairs because where there's no sense there's no feeling Maybe the message is to both of these so-called sports stations that they're a little bit too intensive for their taste, okay? There's too many other things going on man we got the red hot marlins. They took two out three in San Diego, which I know nobody's talking about that Have it and they're actually like over twenty wins now, aren't they? I think they have like 23 twenty two or three I think yeah man They got a shot at sixty wins. Well, okay, care it. Wait, but about 55 Got a shot at it and we got the big world cup going on to hold right to the world as I'll whip up into a frenzy about and we got that abunidad all the way to the Name is that terrorist tennis player that beat Roger Federer on Sunday. I'll kind of sports stuff going on man And these people are so many times understand it's the first time they made it to the finals And there's nothing else going on and nobody cares about the marlins and it's a horse ball town. I understand all these things And a lot of people are sick and everybody had the first almost hurricane yesterday and we just barely are into hurricane season on the calendar I understand all these things They depressed and peored about it, but they're sure not call us today man. We got to keep probing and I sure hope it's not going to be that way for George all summer long emotional he gets yeah, he'll start smoking a big fat one right in the middle of the show 1226 at five sixty wke oh yesterday show remember how kept sin was his zooming on buying a dead. Yeah, but not the same today today I feel like we've been sitting here for about 75 hours. Don't you? Even Tommy and there was only been there a short time he feels like he's been in there for a month Good god, let's move that clock alarm man move it along just like in a soccer match. They keep the clock running keep it running baby Hey, if you're a cigar small for speaking of lighting up and like to kick back with a good premium brand then the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you These hard to find cigars are made with first great tobacco processed nature duct of ten years But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small bags hard to find tobacco But he had gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fish never cigar and cider and nine pole more rating by smoke magazine This rich flavor well balanced full body nickel-rock one cigars got earthy hits a dark rose coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors Also be sure to try that we had to say the host release of our last ten months That is still gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider. It's a powerful cigar man. It'll tear your kishki's out with complex dose of leather earth and pepper They're finished as long and full body with initial spice and a note of charred wood If you want to save 40% off the price of all your be here cigars when you call just some old neorogatory call and they'll laugh their ass off and not 40% off the price call 1-800 35 But here that's 1-800 35 VA H I A Woo We see the story now finish all about you To the end of us we know a nice whole view Look at the price is what we're getting screwed Somebody did something that was too We're getting down to the exclamation We're making a funny violation We got one still on probation Tabi suit, don't be gasin' run Just hangin' on the course again, I'll do your body Don't want to come to pass and run If you're a post-personal body, Joe That's two today That's two minutes of a business of PS, you know? 12.32 at 5.60 WCN, he hasn't reached five of these anyway So they're making a difference like that set of like 50 He doesn't deal well with bad news, you know? Maybe he'll call you I hope not Join WQM to set the known from 2-4 with Gully Gully I have the one And any KM 2M is why he'd hit quarters in the case of the day in my medie care After the Emarling game tonight, Marlins and Braves Any interest in that one, man? 5.6705.60 Let's start with another heavy duty run a call here I'm sure there'll be great There to be great, like Glenn's heard of the Harlow guy from Orlando Every time I mention that I've talked to George about that 400 times over the years And every time I mention it's like the first time Like he doesn't know what I'm talking about Yeah, he always mentions his best friend Who's that? Because he had a hair-lift best friend That's right, that's what his best friend was like a Jamaican guy That's just his best dealer 5.6705.60 pound five six and he's a rising ticket of one The guy that's over the barber shop Or on the corner there by the sub shop Yeah, tell me QA and hello Naily, yes sir Love the show I know that I don't care about the heat And I don't care about soccer I know it's not a day's going slow But I have something I like to play for you for about 30 seconds Okay Well what is it? It's Bob Pritz It's one Bob Pritz last year Bob Pritz? Okay Okay Alright Here's a go And tell me the story about casting based on the make-rolls He wrote a lot of the reports, the broadcasting Open the menu and I'll give you your comments Okay, let's record and a close-up down One bow on the right And I'll be honest with you It's getting to I want one big, small bow pop Do the left shoulder And do it Go Okay, I think it's enough for that Good to hear Bob Pritz's voice off speed though A little bit spread up there Sound like Bob Pritz on speed 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Tom 5, 60 on the horizon when they hit a home run Rosie Rose went ahead like a little piece of glass And like a little mallet like a hammer Is that right? This true story And he would like crack the glass to make the sound effect But no window lamp, many hear it comes Which I realized is not nearly as exciting as up and away Oh, no, why do you gotta go there? What do you mean while I go to go there? He just played the great Bob Pritz because he's very, very bad He's boring, that's why You know, I realize you can't say anything But the fact is everybody knows that Everybody heard that call in the Marlon's win in the world serious and he announced it like he was like somebody just had an egg fart You know, he has some really good calls as well Why haven't heard those? I must have missed those You know, you're defending the indefensible Okay, he is boring, he is absolutely Bad ass boring, just like the rich wall sky Is something like a 10 year old kid trying to do a ball game But then again in South Florida, you know, how many people actually have heard Great broadcast, isn't any sport, you know? Let's say heard Mr. Weaver 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Well, you don't like any broadcasts or it's common today That's the loan, what are you talking about? Give me one In what sport? Whatever you want It's somebody who's like a younger person That's okay Well, we back to this again, I asked you and you couldn't give me anybody What are you told me? Somebody who's going to be legendary to name somebody who's legendary Yeah, an image and somebody that was going to be famous remembered I like how I tip Kerry, he's okay He's not great, he's not his granddad He's certainly not even his dad, but he's pretty good He's so good, he's so good, he's okay He's okay, he's gonna be legendary He's a good guy, he's a good guy He's a good guy, he's a good guy He's a good guy, he's a good guy He's dad was legendary, jackbuck, very good Joel Buck is just another voice, he sounds a little like table Brian Who sounds a little bit like him, who sounds a little bit like They all sound the same, they're cookie cutter people, you know And I still say, boasts you should have taken the job as the voice of the man That was a bad mistake, see, I mean, you know, you're a hard ass Because you work with your job all the time and it rubbed off I guess You don't want to admit it If you were given the opportunity to be the voice of the Marlins Would you say no? Assuming you could do it, which I have you Assuming you had that ability, would you turn it down? Well, I don't know, I mean if I had to say if you were with your boyfriend I'm gonna make believe talk station, that's got a point one share there And he afternoon is that your idea of like a great broadcasting career Maybe he likes, maybe he wants every six months Somebody will hear you on ESPN to win a national game My god, what is it? Take the convinced people, yeah? 560560, pound five, 60, the Verizon signal virus line WDQAM hello Yeah, when it comes back, when it's no coming back baby WQAM hello Yeah, you know? Yeah, I ate it Okay Oh, that was it, that was his material WQAM hello Yeah, it was a car loan I'm making a pardon Well, was it? I didn't know what he said, you heard what he said? No Oh, that's super really good It was quick and was our last call I think I made good a music here 560560, both going to be a long hot summer Go remind me Man, you guys are really going to be in for it They survival of the human race depends on its ability to find new homes elsewhere in the universe Because there's an increasing risk that it is accessible to spread the Earth Warbon-owned scientists, Steve and a hawking said today It's enough to make you want to play a Steve and a hawking bit Isn't it? Yes it is You probably never read any of this work Like his book, through each of the universe But you might have seen his cameo appearance on the Simpsons Now for one night only Stand up comedy at its best Light is a chicken glass the road Because the third stand in its DNA told it to That's right Okay, that is right The British astrophysicist told a news conference in Hong Kong And humans could have a permanent base on the moon in 20 years And a colleague on Mars in the next 40 years We won't find anywhere as nice and zirith unless we go to another star system Either Hawking Or ride to a rock star as well Come here today Take it for his lecture planned for tomorrow we're sold out He ended up if humans can avoid killing themselves in the next 100 years They should have space settlement second Continue without support from Earth It's important for the human race to spread out into space for the survival of the species Hawking said Life on Earth is at the ever increasing risk of being wiped out by disaster Unlike rubbing like that here a QA and by disaster Such a sudden global warming, nuclear war, genetically engineered virus Rather dangerous we haven't thought of yet Hawking said he's teaming up for this daughter And he's talking about the universe and the same age range as the Harry Potter books It's a story for children He said explains the wonders of the universe Do you want to get that? He's Hawking it He's Hawking it Five six seven, oh five I'm going to give these numbers one more time Then I'm going to play music and play all my favorite oldies What? What are you laughing about? That's a lot wrong with that I'm trying to get over this the last vestiges of this A little raspagot And these people they just they just do not do not into it And then that brought yeah, when it was the last time we had a lady call her before her About six months ago Yeah, and it's the same old and I don't know what that six months ago call probably was her God, she gives me shi-pokies that brought Guys me nuts Twenty-two one and five sixty WM for years I've been telling you to call one a hundred Manfrist whenever you need a bed Ah, they can deliver it with any two hour window that you want they have no double bed and consultants How do you like this frog? What did that? Mmm, magenta And they can deliver that mattress with an eight hour window that you pick If you thought down on me out diving one eight hundred mattress on the phone was easy check out mattress dot com Chop out the web anytime they were night with product details prices and photos You can check out online or call to place your order and schedule delivery Get factory direct prices lower than the chains doors even during these so-called big sales Plus you get 12 months financing Battle mattress has the complete line of all the top means Seely, sir, a king coil Simmons temper peatic and students in foster he would do when you call 1-800 mattress You get to lowest prices on the best brands down a mattress right number one in the world of customer satisfaction I've been using them for years Oh my god another one only this time I'll for a violet So if you want to sleep like a baby is starting as soon as tonight make that call right now call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES leave off the last S because it stands for saliva This is real rubbish This is 5.62 pages It's big If I have a child I'd find six old WQN I'm a T-G-L-I I'm a T-G-L-I And I said when it is I'm speaking into the US survey and does make my home and don't you have a lip I don't need insurance or work for low-face I see border agents and I run away I-I-I-I I'm an illegal Latino I-I-I-I I'm faster than speedy-gones at it I'll bring my wife on my children and then I'll have a B-S-Dow with 12 million friends Subinit and try to find us and when they catch and be for the sweet stick back again I-I-I-I-I We're all in the middle of that dinner I-I-I-I-I From the nurse, good job girls I beat him out of a smuggling scheme To try to attain the American dream I want all the things that I see and achieve The free talk then they don't get nothing on me I-I-I-I I-I-I-I-I I-I-I-I From the-447 at 56th WDQAM I mean, to give you an example Remember you had your little controversy over your contract deal And whether you were going to be doing the FM or doing this or whatever Remember that? Yeah, how could I forget about it? I would have been a meeting to resolve the conclusion of that deal Okay? As opposed to that meeting was Norma Camp and Miss Bell and whoever else Okay? Clarence And after the meeting was over, you of course had a call in Norma because she wasn't calling you She took a Zine off defending a pot people in court And you called her up and the first thing she said he was about, I got to say, Clarence is a handsome young man But what would you response me? And would you feel like just a total sense of like, I give up like that? Um, I would be a... Bath shop? Yeah, I'm amazed. Just totally demoralized. Like what's the use, you know? Like like, uh, Santino said in the garf, the pop-head janko Look what I got. Remember that? Yes, I do. Well, I think it's the same. My name and it is my flutchianna bosan Are the parents of a baby girl is a Bella They're first child, the actress publishes said yesterday, are you excited about this? Not really. And you said she's a beast, is that correct? I know I did not say that. I said she ain't much. But then again, it looks like everything you're missing. Well, ask Brittany about that. She'll tell you. And my son, it's a little clip Brittany was being interviewed on somewhere. And she's crying, wherever people, don't they understand where people And she's squirting the tears. Oh, brother. Squirting? Yeah. Give me a break. Mother and baby, everyone is wonderful. Fine. I'll tell you what the baby was born. Sunday in Miami. Ah, hospital. You ready for that? Okay. It's a Miami native to kid. A couple of married December 9th in New York City during a private ceremony. Attended by the bride's daughter, Alexa. It was the first, uh, uh, then seven from a previous marriage. It was the first marriage for Damon 35. A lot of people have said, hey, him and Ben Affleck. But of course, that's ridiculous. Does anybody really believe that? Uh-huh. They've been shared a best-screen writing Oscar would then Affleck for 1997's Goodwill Hunting. Both Damon and Affleck started in the movie. Actually, I wouldn't take Affleck where he started it. He was like, he was like an afflitha in that movie. He was like a night-dame and Robin Williams. Hmm. And it was very bad by the way, bad movie. Damon's screen credits also include roles in saving private Ryan. That's how to administer Ripley. Oceans 11, the born Adam, the and Seriana. His upcoming films include Oceans 13 and the board, ultimatum. That's what we need to do here at QM. The QM ultimatum. That's what we need to lay down. You don't think? Let's get it. It's good. It's good. Tomy to do it. Tomy's the man. Yeah. No? Yeah. I'm going to fetch you. I'm going to fetch it directly to you. And you're going to march down a hall there and you're going to knock on every door and give them more four men. Or you're going to give them an ultimatum. They're going to run. Huh? They'll really listen to me. That's right. Oh yeah. Big strapping. I always 170 pounds. 75. Get out. I don't want to go to the studio. I want to go through that again. I don't believe it. You think he weighs 175 pounds? Actually, I love to 170-8. I'm going to eat in the light. I don't know why you'd lie. You're sitting there looking at him, aren't you? Yeah. He's tall too. He's a stream being man. I can't go over that heat. Good. I'm just a little piece of information here for you. Thank you. 5-6-7-05-60. Some people like a piece of information. Some people like a piece of pie. So you're dating? Or like a pizza pie? Yeah, like who I'm dating? That was that guy's good. That's always the same thing. There's the one guy with my wardrobe and these were about my wardrobe. Then the guy about whom I tell us who you're dating. Yeah. Like what is that? Just pathetic. And that's because these people have no material. I think you might want to write it down in the log. But today's the day they finally ran out. Not a good news for the rest of the week. Wait on us today. Yeah. Well, we needed that in the most. And when my flim is acting up again here today, why don't we need that in the morning? And they never come through for it. Ever. Just like that. The big anniversary thing. Not turned man. No one over really big. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. Listen. I don't know if I can get any website. I've checked it for it's time stories over the weekend. I've been in my theater. My favorite or the week. I picked up a British rag. Baggedy in the other day. And the school article on Galaway saying that he'd be more early just the fight. I've done it when it had the fascinated of where he did you see it. Yeah, that's from the police ago. Why did I say that? I don't, I keep my head moved out of the sand. So you know, I don't really say that. I think that's why I've been in a listen up real quick. You know, I don't know. You said they're there. Dad and I hang along back on the afternoon. Yes. And I was just saying that for your station. I know I'm a program director. But you know, maybe guys ought to put something on in the morning. I guess that that clap station on the 790. If you get worse ratings, that can really dull the station. If they should get ready to go, they're not. Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's take a lot of morning drive. I hope we get a worse rating. And then you can see that an opposite of the station is or it's not a problem. They get guilty off the air. If he's a, we're all ready to do that. We're already doing that. Here, they had a 0.5 and the three o'clock hour in last book. Okay, we, we had a 0.5. I think he had you at, I'm not a program director. Yeah. Let's play program director today. Go ahead. What would you do Tommy? What do you want to have on the station? Huh? I put George on in the morning. George is a little coma inducing for you. He's got a low key for morning show. Yeah. To each his. Huh? To each his own. Yeah. Yeah. You're talking Tommy's a new TV. Yeah. You're on this damn shut crap man. They're killing us. You can feel it. I'm glad Tommy's in there lately because he's been there a long time. You can smell it, man. When this station gets one and two and even has numbers in the middle of the the daytime, I got fractions. I got like a zero in front of it. That's got to tell you right there. You've got to be some kind of a, a numisco. Not to say hey man, we better do something. We better get off our ass. These people like like they're either, I just emailed the jailbell. I said like we're stuck in neutral. Maybe reverse. Wait a minute. Again. Not being that second one. Okay. Why do you want me to send another one? Do you got to do? Hey, at least it gets to the bottom of my system. You know? It is the most frustrating experience. I've been in this business. I've worked for every kind of people. I've worked for people. I had great respect for. I've been working for people. I had no respect for. I worked for people. I thought we're like really brilliant. Radio people like the Casper. I worked for people. I thought we're like more ons like Stanley Cohen. But I have never encountered anything as frustrating as this. And the excuses always, well, Joyce, this enjoys that. And you know what I say, Joyce, you. That's what I would say. Joyce, you get off the dime, baby. Get off your dead ass. Do something. Even. It's like the last guy said. Even. Something ridiculous on. Which is most of what we got on anyway. We got that. I mean, is that the sound you want to wake up every morning? By the way, I just want to throw out there a bunch of people are sending stories over. Yeah. Like the facts. We're all set. We don't need these stories about what? Just crap. I got stories. Now I got to put that away. You're using the little center of reach. I'm so happy I can barely speak. I got this damn frog back. The boofo toe is back. Feel fine. But I got like a little scratch in there. You know, it's just a little flim. Maybe it's a big tumor. We can only hope. 5.670560. Yeah. Take program director. Who do you folks want on the morning? I mean, a humper does not belong on the morning. It was a bad mistake. He's not a morning guy. I got an idea. Let's put Ira on in the morning. What he laughed about. He's already on the station about 15 hours a day. Maybe him and Gold even don't stop there. I say the biggest way to start on the road to recovery for WQM hitman. Hitman. I mean, I'm not talking about Joyce. You know, the handsome young man? That's where we need to start right there. The handsome young man. I'll be willing to pay for it, man. Power him. I'd be real real nervous. The next time I started my car. 1256 and 562 WQM lobster fest is back every Friday through Sunday. It em'll coast the best Chinese buffet in South Florida with three locations for you. Sunrise, tempered pines and sunny out's beach. And this week it's a perfect time to bring day to the em'll coast to celebrate five days day. And we'll be able to take that out there. Take that out for that special dinner this weekend to the em'll coast over a hundred different items are featured on the em'll coast the Faye. So, time all. Start out with six gourmet soups and go for the work. Stay grilled the order just the way you love it. Han car prime rib. There's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad and shrimp bar. You won't know what to eat next at the em'll coast. And there dessert bars fantastic too during the weekend on the weekends even more so. Because on the weekends they have the 40 inch chocolate fountain. It'll make your mouth water as you hand it your strawberries marshmallow cheesecake. I'll do a decadent treats in loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a fantastic feast at the em'll coast. I guarantee you will waddle out of there. And unlike certain other places that we won't mention, they use only healthy cholesterol, Faye canola oil and never any MST. So it's good for ya and it'll fill you up like crazy. Bring the whole family and day to the em'll coast real soon. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 for five days day reservations at the em'll coach on e's buffet. 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22. This is Neil Rogers. Who the big goes ace five 16 2 8. Oh boy it's the one to two hour. You must be very very quiet. When colds and allergies had your knees and pass it just feeling like a plugged up rabbit hole. Rabbit will win. We each for the double barrel relief of suitify like a shotgun in tilt form. Suitified hunts down nuts. Huffers sign is problem. There you are. Take that congestion and that host nasal drip. So whether it's cold season allergies season or rabbit season. Kill the web. Kill the web. It reach for suitify. It'll blow away a lessly cold analogy symptom. Come up rain 9 votes. We're going to have 1300 before you can shake your lands tail man. A food reporters bag containing video and audio recording equipment. Honey and oyster shell and seasoning rub. I'm sorry. A food reporters bag containing video and audio recording equipment. Honey and oyster shell and seasoning rub was blamed for pounding officials to close. Tally and asses airport for three hours and evacuates at terminally yesterday. The configuration of the electronic urine organic material looks suspicious. When TSA officers view it through equipment used to scare it scan carry on luggage. So Tally has to pull his officers David McCrainie. Something in the kid this was not your typical bag and they pressed the alarm. It's like winning lottery but a lot of you don't want to win. Todd Coleman, food editor for it said who are magazine whatever that is, was detainability to release after the bag was removed from the terminal. And a robot opened to disclose its contents. I was afraid they were going to blow my bag up Coleman said it would blow my story up. Coleman to come to tell the house he to visit his parents who lived there and do a story on the food of nearby Apalachicola florters oyster capital. Did you know that? I did not. I never knew that. The Apalachicola area is also famous for Tupolo honey that Coleman had in his bag. It's Tupolo honey. The airport we opened about 10 o'clock and all incoming alcohol and flights resumed. He was released but missed his flight. Explosives are organic in nature but rarely trigger and alarm because cleaners can tell x-rays can from x-rays that it's food, paper or some other harmless material. In this case the positioning of the honey electronic ear and batteries looked like parts of an Improvised an IEDO. Johnson said the bomb squad was alerted the airport trapped down after only five screeners Examiner's X-ray images and all came to the same conclusion. A robot placed a bag in a portable containment tank and was taken with isolated location for their examination. Coleman said I started a word I was going to get a cue to something I didn't do like a Hitchcock movie. I almost got punished for being a food writer. That will teach you to be put on all that crap in your sack man. Have a clean sack when you go to the airport. At least you can do. Others you're probably going to throw it away or rack with Maliki, Abalamaki whatever that guy's name is. That's my day. 560560. Let's get about 4,000 calls on this last hour. What do you say to make up for lost time? Word. And it kind of like really lay in back on us today. It's locking off and pound five 60 and the Verizon SIGGETER by the SRI. How many QAM hello? Yes sir. About yesterday's full. About yesterday's full? Yes sir. Yeah. I've been here day of Connor on there. For bushing before. For what? For people that we I hate you. Okay. Thank you. And that was it. 560560, pon five 60 on the Verizon SIGGETER, wireless line. What's wrong with saying today? Oh, Connor. She sure is how it worked better than what we got in there now. My God. Because he wasn't some kind of fascista. You know, maybe that's what they can't add to the poll and they've seized up. What do you mean by that? I'll take it once and we got like almost I bet you if I refer to it now we got 13 hundred votes. 1299. Oh my God. If Robert Grews is voted in there. I bet you're Robert likes. You probably shares the same icy sleeve. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Tell you after you got. QAM. Oh hey hello. QAM. Wow. Come on. He need you to pull up. Take I know? roll over. You know, case. Okay. Why? Because she's got I didn't have a red hair like you do. What about? some nice to meet? Yeah, it'll look so bad on the phone. I'll show dirty cases. pound five sixty and the singular and the horizon and all these other wireless lines i'd like to have a fresh enough to go to thirteen or more or maybe more what do you say thirteen or one let's hear it all right pretend you're five in smoke a man w q a n hello yeah i was a four for next grade at six the okay grade that's yesterday uh... yeah you back in your time machine mine you run the wrong machine w q a m hello okay sir all the jenoc on the but two weeks ago there's a bit of problems on uh... and it's a tv show also and they were trying to uh... just a fire and the event that we had to uh... up on my own with uh... nuclear bombs that everybody was up on arms is a fact that we wouldn't have been a so these gigantic atomic bomb two and so the real guys if we're doing it so bad and i was a man's i think it's that they're for hours and colors of coal in and try to justify the fact that we're going to do some of these country but it's far away from the bomb right they'll be there there's money part i would say they would be lightly killed that's correct and he would be a pretty good sense and they've got to make it like to ask paliates and miracle i did five six seven oh five sixty believe me if i had a call and pound five six in the horizon singing a right a slime a little bomb to be lightly killed you know like alzarkou a day they dropped two big five hundred pounders on a house man all concrete and uh... steel and it was nothing but rubble there man it just barney rubble do you know do you see all those uh... for sure you did yeah i saw the explosion they showed the explosion and yet he came out of there like in one piece that didn't forget about the blood on the head and the bloody nose man and it did and a little bit of ruse they put on his one sheet there they put her i mean uh... a little blood bomb up on his cheek sure come in to you a m hello hi yes sir i want to say something about apolachicola yeah yeah because he'll just know about apolachicola being the oyster capital of florida i want to tell a little bit about it yeah such is why well for example you can go to apolachicola which is by the way on the apolachicola bay yeah uh... which where there are huge oyster beds uh... you and you can literally buy bush ol' bad uh... oysters right out of the water well i'll be there you go right ahead never good time okay i don't like oysters thirteen ever six votes maybe start about mountain oyster you think that's what it is go pick some and go to the airport five six seven and don't forget the honey and pound five sixty and the horizon singular wireless line i think maybe we get a certain of them a little bit nice to this they start to come alive a little bit it's a little bit maybe it's a little bit they're a little bit slow maybe if we got back to that cross over one of these days you think that's going to happen or no i say let's cross a hangback over the afternoon where belongs good guilty on air in a i don't have you like that programming suggestion and you know it's coming from across the street and don't forget the dick stock ten Leslie this and dick stock ten Leslie visser and go to all my god how can you top that uh each or hard outjold uh fine bird seventy q a m hello there's one of the castle on low q show keep up the good work uh... man he was good w q a m hello me oh yes sir i fall in yeah good and don't get up w q a m hello no yes sir whatever happened to that girl you had the fact that the car up there in Michigan yeah i she's told the back seat uh never got to the back seat schmock get the story right idiot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty matter fact i'm not really into uh hanky panky in the car with anybody when you come right down with a little uncomfortable what does it's time it's place like high school and you get that high school when you got no place to go and you can't afford a motel and stuff like that yeah doing all the acrobatics in the back seat i understand w q a m hello hey Neil yeah all the only thing i want to say about that guy who uh had the food in his air is uh two k food in his area yeah get the on a junior yeah w q a m hello oh hey so i just put it in my pipe and i she looked hey hey hey what day we believe part of that i don't think it was your pipe though yeah we know where you put it i don't know it took him so long but uh they're fire is good see they're all whipped up now thirteen i would in thirteen votes on a poll all of that crawl roe was relieved yeah he ought to be relieved of his presence on the face of the earth slimy load down conniving piece of turd how much do you care about the heat that's our poll question today that won't get you slid right off the seat right in the current's his left hey curds next time you start your car you're going to be here in some real strange sounds okay and you don't have to probably gonna be what's that farting farting sounds i don't give you a minute about the heat 560-385 percent but this is given if i'm a response i'll watch some and read the result 390-30 percent not too enthusiastic right around i'll turn the end percent big fan will watch every playoff game look at that 265 over 20 percent twenty point one percent we got the heat fans on the bad wagon now i'll read about the score as well watch though 132-10 percent yeah that's a 38 and a 48 and a half percent well i say in sunset on yesterday 47 see that our scientific poll and i hate this poll only 20 1.5 percent of over thirteen of votes only 20 heat this poll they like it they love it and if you're up to a window where friends you are not about the heat because quite frankly i couldn't care less but be sure and join qm today from 2-4 i would gildy and tend to 2 with any care at least after the morning came tonight and qm's wide hot heat headquarters at the catch of the day in Miami and catch it this is real rubbish this is 560-2-8 but people go Take it up a fake road without a fair chat You don't be by the smell, we can't wear it back Hey, boy! Hey, boy! Hey, boy! Hey, boy! Girl, just abandoning fat ass She'd rather leave the ball better That damn cheek you should know But you're the only one who's just getting the ball Oh, what the world? Oh, what the world? Hey, what the world? That damn little world Hey! Hey! 1, 18, 5, 60, W, D, F, here's a fast from Alan, one of our chronic factors, listers, and keywest Since thanks for another great year of listening, we're getting out of this hell of hole for annual three months stay in Vancouver Here you in the fall Well if I survived that long-time, I have a great day of life I'm jealous, that's nice Yeah, that's a good place I'm gonna stay in Vancouver Three months to the Vancouver is supposed to be in that hell hole Like he says By the way, would you like here by the response to my emails to your leader? Oh, you already got one? That wasn't a question, I said, well you like here the response Oh yes, no Okay, and there won't be any He doesn't respond, he's like an emotional cripple He doesn't take them to the other things as well Well, I might take them a while, you know? No, no, it doesn't happen, believe me And what is he gonna respond? God, don't engage or something, something like that Police have arrested a man, they said he used the tassel cab as he'd get away Car when he fled a while, Kobe a bank robbery yesterday Then stopped off for lunch Diamond can't drive over an age Joseph said he's been nearly a half hour With the man who police said they believed Rob the bank Joseph said he had no idea the man was using to get to a while, Kobe At 10th Avenue and 14th terrace so he could rob it Joseph said he had a nice conversation with the man after he picked the man up from a wind Dixie rob the corridor from the bank around 1pm He walked into the bank around 120 yesterday Winner for the teller and said I need some money So the teller naturally gave him a withdrawal slip He said no, I need some money so he wrote on the withdrawal slip I need $10,000, I have a gun, you have 30 second About 30 minutes, I've looked into bill shorts of the nine police department The teller handed over two grand and the driver walked over a waiting cab Well, that's bad, the asker sent you a cell for two Yeah, what happened? I don't know how much money there was but it was a little shopping bag Fold into his pocket Joseph said Joseph then took the robbery Says, back to dogma restaurant, a hot dog restaurant at 71st street in this game The man told Joseph the way to see ordered some food You ordered a two milkshakes and a barbecue chicken wrap and a chicken wrap Oh for me he gave me a hundred dollar bill And basically he was in a restaurant He said a restaurant and a play of dogma restaurant Well, she went to that restaurant, she went to that restaurant She went to that restaurant, screaming and they called her scream and me me With the charge, the change from the $100 bill, the man took the cab driver Well, that was darn nice, I'm around five p.m. I might be placed opposite spot of the robbery suspect Dave Jobson, 45, walking out of a hotel Just on the street from dogma restaurant trying to hit another cab Maybe we'll go back to the bank again Mark proved it Well, we did catch up with Mr. Jobson, he already had spent a few hundred dollars That will a marina of the mommy pulleys He was arrested charged with strong arm robbery A company said he didn't really have a gun at the time As he had told the bank teller Over the weekend, another bank robber on South Beach Use the cab as a good way car That was also caught It's going around man, it's the instinctive do Catch your cab, rob a bank Grab a weiner, couple of milkshakes Let's be in a shaking, important moment There's your present, he's in Iraq The American people are incredibly grateful he said For what? For all the dead soldiers, for all the dead Iraqis For all the lies, the American people are incredibly grateful Right 1334 votes, for over-shared grateful for that The calls have been pretty weak, but the website is exploding Hasn't it been? Yeah We're on record pace Yeah, we're really on 560, 560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line 13QAM hello Hey Neil Yeah Funny that you think Dave's been boring as boring But you think a droid threat or he gives us not Yeah You're actually endorsed to a transregust To a drug we guys do play by play baseball You think you think he played? Loss Take a hike, Dave's boyfriend Here's the 3 and 1 Inconaci on hits at a ton To that, no doubt about this one Up, up and away Back into the bleachers Two run home That's a person he was citing call Atomic could have found a better one That's boring Up, up and away So I was at a fifth dimension man He's weak Two angels was good and they screwed him over big time They screwed him over so they could hang out a table Brian and they labeled Brian to run and screw him back And went to ESPN That was the court organization's predecessor Is that was John Henry am I right? Yes, you're right Well, he deserved to get screwed back He's a crap WQAM hello I'm the agent at Baby Yeah, good, have a good time WQAM hello QAM QAM Oh, it's all new Yeah What's the deal man? Hey, the cops you gotta go through for a paycheck And he's right Yeah WQAM hello On second start I'm sorry about that Uh, Colors, you call back was pretty much right No, you've changed You speak for the people Yeah I think your words would do that I understand it's frustrating But I want to appreciate that The caller couple calls back What are you talking about? What caller was that Ah, maybe if I'm far back I'm sorry, sorry, half our back He was saying that you changed There was something Joy's got on you And you wanted to get rid of joy To whatever way You didn't say anything He didn't say anything like that at all It's not that I mean, I'm sorry I'm sorry But you have changed You used to think your words meant something There were little people I got to look up to you To fight for us And I think a part of you died with tiny Yeah, oh, here we go with a tiny guy again Oh, man, he must be looking straight down again Oh, he wouldn't find this Huh? Don't know, what did I tell you before? What did I tell you before? They're all one-note charles They don't all tank God to pay the same note But it's always the same one A US foreman, the lines are lit up right now They're smoking Well, let's even take your line line line It's always special, 2 AM I know it We have an earthenman long time It's the Eddie guy You know something they Eddie would be an improvement WC, let's put Eddie on here for a couple hours 2 AM, hello And Cushroom, model WC, William, hello And the model and the party didn't even open Oh, we didn't even come up Yeah, hehehehe Thanks Dave, there's your boy Joanezel No, that's the event boring No, you're gonna tell me you didn't like Joanezel Joanezel was just 5, though, Dave will run him as better But, um, yeah Dave old Brian is a cookie cutter piece of crap Is what he is That's, no And he said, you know what? He was the Clarence of baseball bro casting He did to Joanezel Exactly what Clarence did to Duff Stab him in the back Joanezel's got more personality in one finger than Dave will Brian will ever have it as an entire future body So he's just a sterile voice He's nothing And we thought the reason you all whipped up about him is because he's a, because he's got your brain moist Anybody who's on SPN Anybody who's ever been on ESPN I automatically A great sportscaster Or met him personally So did I head him on my show on IOD One day he's got an eagle bigger than you, God then then your ass Isn't it an eagle he's got a sense of humor What does that mean? He's funny and he has a personality Yeah And I don't know what he did for you to get all sour on him But he, he's stabilizing the back is what he did I don't like back stabbers Like Clarence I even, you admit a Clarence stabbed Duffin the back Yeah Of course he did I don't know about all that Yeah, what do you mean you don't know about it? Come on, cut that up That would be such a pansy, okay? You don't know about it You don't know about it Tommy knows about it Tommy's writing a book about it That's right Tommy knows all about Duff's back Welcome He stays just far away from it as he can K There you go See there you go again Can't outstop The same He just liked the colors man Ha ha ha That's such an abandon 26 past one at five sixty WKM It's a 13th of June It's a 13th of June Mom No wonder It's lucky 13 is what it is See? No, I don't Now who's going to be on there with us tomorrow Not the beast again Is he going to be on there again tomorrow I don't know Tommy, you're going to be in here tomorrow I'll be here all week No If you want, you're coming Since what is in my call When did I ever have anything to say about who's going to be in here Yeah So full of crap Sorry Yeah Like I don't want to get into it I'm going to see if I got a response to my emails You had from your leader from your, well he's got more important things to do You know he's got he's got a massage preferences feet That's part of the deal you know Because parents after all is a handsome young man 26 past one at five sixty WKM If you think you have termites in your home, you need to call Ritted pest control to the free termite inspection Ritted pest control uses that amazing orange or treatment that kills termites And their legs Autoperson contact They're gone fast and then you can say Joe Bell is useless If you have termites is the best possibility to get rid of them And clueless You don't have to take your house and make the whole neighborhood look like the Bartman Bailey folks just came to town Don't have to worry about poison is gas moving out Staying in hotels or motels They don't have to worry about food or pets in your health Because the folks in Ritted pest control Treat your house with this amazing orange oil You have to leave it all even hang around In fact, when they're done treating your property They're going through up behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days It's true they just deluxe oranges or house If you have a termite problem called Ritted pest control right now And find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their legs 100% on contact No tenning, no games, no BS, no kidding Call right now for free no obligation inspection 1-800-447-4348 That's 1-800-447-4348 Be sure and tell them that Todd Rack who's a hell of a guy I told you to call 1-800-447-4348 This is a meal Roger This is 5.62.80 You're kidding, you're my hand Where life goes like, oh, that's fine The god of God that I've made two people around me today Now it's a classic set of re-use things up Only a real good for a guy It's a piece of shit Now we're repeating the chive And the drick is going to be an endized The massive knockout is dead I'll be quick Jerry yoke Oh baby I'll be left without a Jerry Jerry If he's a big piece Oh baby I need a little girl that's even sped If he's just a pest kid Now it's a one bounce out of room And a pit that is super down way Now the thing often stops Don't take me to something I'll get around the pit to pray I've got a 17-9 bounce out of the arena She's going to fight now, he's probably the devil that God, baby Over-the-coronality of the charity He's been busy since the start They've been shining to build it in a special place Go! How about employment? Well, we'll go now Now what's the day easy door And we'll go away To display in precious immensely with smile In gifts of pity, looking at all my sight I'm a back to you, find the shining ground at the leg line, and act my comic journal to preserve it, washing it with all the rain. Don't all be here. I work for my literary charity, dear people. Don't all be here, I'm the shuffling people and all this people. Don't be here, dear people. First and go into the University of the Philippines. Oh, baby. Jesus, I'm the back to you. I know I told you it's going to be there in Thursday. He has a long memory. Ruth Chris coming in with the stakes on Thursday. That's right. So there you go. You can, uh, make your life on. I'll be there in Thursday. And maybe I'll come on down and just some of that great food. Okay, and I'll drop a big load right on to somebody's desk. No, no. Oh, for me. Drop a gigantic load on a couple of people's desk. I'll save up over the next couple of days in some Seren Ram. 1356 votes, man. That is impressive. You've had to admit that. That's unbelievable. I mean, we did really start with a pretty high total because I think I changed a pool to about I don't know, five 30s they have to noon, but even so. And almost 40% of the audience, as far as, uh, all last stuff is concerned, even the ICs leave they don't want. They don't want to part of that stuff. And I don't blame you. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. I was just, just my observation. Yes. It seems like the station has lost the little bit of flavor. Have you since they let, uh, Mo Howard leave? Oh, yeah. Now that's what I mean. That was the term point. He was a far cry better than what they have on their now. Yeah. I mean, it's too, too, too, too far is just pathetic. Well, I would agree with both those statements. At least we knew what we were going to have on the air anyway. Sure. And he was good for some luck. Yeah. That's correct. No, bring back Mo Howard to the David. A little bit too late for that, man. The cats out there are bag. Okay, see. Yeah, that would double do it. Yeah, there were some flavor lost. No, no, no. Well, I mean, we have a bad flavor in a building as far as a hostility, but as far as on the air, it made for a little bit of, you know, like, but in sound of building. And again, that's actually the, that should have been like lighting off a big signal light, lighting a flare for everybody in a building for this new way, Jean neck came in. Because the one thing you never do is you don't, you don't knock somebody off of there. I mean, unless they just absolutely trash in a place. You don't take somebody off. Unless you got something to replace him with. You know what I'm saying? That's generally, however. That's the way the video business works. I'm amazed that this guy, this year, he'll be all as ever even been inside a radio station. I used to turn loosely. Of course, he was a kiss. He was kissing it, you know, country kiss. I mean, what the hell did they do? But crank out the nose picking hits, you know. But he doesn't understand. He doesn't get it. At all. And tomorrow is the 14th of June. Today is the 13th unlucky 13 for us. The 13th of June, and there's still the one you'll, but a beat by the boop. But I'm not, but I'm not, but I'm not, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not like that. Like that. Like that too. A little bit of that. How can either one of you believe that? It's a, it's shocking. That is the word. So if you're on the instinct that I'm like in a little carried away or get melodramatic or overdue with it, you're wrong, man. You people are, are nuts if you believe that. They, they haven't got a clue. And if they do have a clue, they just, they can't make it happen. Remember the song, a dialogue by Chicago? We can make it happen. Yeah. They can't make it happen. In fact, we're going to read recorded. We can't make it happen. W2AM, hello. Hey. There. Jack, yes sir. Jack, hand quarters. Great. Hey, please don't stop with this. There are most stuff that do it though, shit. Oh shit. Yeah. What am I talking about? You have to persevere, baby. You're a person. You have to persevere, baby. You have to persevere, baby. You have to persevere, baby. You have to persevere. You have to persevere. You have to persevere. You have to persevere. That was good. That was a golden moment. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We just keep plugging away, man. Plug it away. I think Tommy and Josh are going to do the show tomorrow. Yeah. You're taking a vacation today. I'm going to lay out. I'm going to lay out. Taking a sick day. That sick of your bill. W1, who is respond? Q, A, M, hello. Hello. Yes. Can I? Is this meal? Yes, it is. Oh, wow. Hi. I can't tell you what differently. This isn't even the pain in the escalated to cold earlier. Nope. I was actually just calling to say that I still think you're great. I mean, my parents have been listening to you for forever and I've been. For a hundred years. Well, my parents, like, probably something new to Florida. Wow. And me, I'm 20. So I guess. You're 20? Yeah. You're 20. You're listening to the show. Oh, God. I love you. You're. I am. I just wanted to ask you two questions. Sure. Who makes up those songs? Like those parody songs? Who makes them up? Yeah. I mean, they're like the funniest part of the show beside you. Like, it's not me. Old chicken act. Volca bride is a lot of them. Chicken act. That's, that's a good. The other one. Can you say that you very nice? Can I say it? You're very. That one. Yes. I love that. Me too. See you. All right. See you in that young. She's great. What are I saying? What an idea. Maybe you're old with a sense of humor. And she wants to hear you're fairie. And loves chicken egg. Maybe with griminous. Not too much chicken fat though. Scrape the ass come off the chicken fat. Oh, can't say it. We can say that. You know, the reaction of Tommy was it yesterday. I guess it was. Yeah. See how time flies. Now this show today has really been like 400 hour marathon. But when a guy said the S flag were and we, I dumped it. And you, you've got the realization that we can't even say that. I think that's finally opened up your eyes, your ears, and maybe even your rectum, all your body parts to just how chillin. Things have gotten now under the juice and this current regime. This, this finalist regime. Because you, I mean, let's face it. Even a child knows that there's certainly nothing actionable about that word about the deep bag about any of these words. You know. Am I right? No, yeah. Absolutely right. Is it even debatable? And then this is the kind of lawyer I got who's busy looking at curses, crotch or whatever he's looking at. Hey, you're worried about curses or handsome. And he's going to send them a letter. We even though they're going to ignore it. You know, the guy that called me for his right. I got to grow my pair back. That's what I had to do. I'm squeezing right there. They're still there. Little old and saggy, but they're still there. When there's Ralph Marciano, no wonder I was, see that? I didn't even know he was on her. I'm squeezing. All right. Rob. Like, like any of you are going to be like doing Rob Marciano, right? I mean, what, why do people crazy or what, huh? You got a chance of doing Rocky Marciano because he can't get away. You know? I know what you can. I go to the Bar and Naples. They go to Bar and Naples and Gabe Bar and Naples and maybe Joyce will be there. That's like a bitch. And there's Rob, the wind is blowing. But it's being pushed in from the sea. He's in Cedar Cave. Are you a fags I've had to want to get a hold of Rob? No. We have another high tide that's going to come out. Oh, no. And that'll bring even more. Well, he sure opens his mouth of liability talks. You know, makes those strange expressions. The problem is, Gary, you kind of see the wind is still gusty here. The wind is blowing a lot, you know? I won't tell what's I just saying. I got to find somebody's going to go to bat. You know, I got to get a dh. Final real got there. It's going to like put the foot down and say having these silly ass, simply meeting. Oh, well, geez. Can't you do this and can't do a stat to win that? And right, Clarence, you sure got a nice package. Whatever now. I mean, what is that? Mencing's factory is what that is. Okay. And up with a missing factory. Go out and pick up a few more runaways and leave Clarence alone. Okay. Who do I want to touch that anyway? Good God. You know what's the beast just saying? He just lost it when I said that. And he heard about that. And that's a true story. You know. Oh, my God. The truth is finally coming to the surface man. The truth is finally coming out. Gary says probably jealousy. The beast Robert Greeper and Clarence man. They're joined at the lip. The evil triumvirate. The Trinity broadcast executive. Now forget about that Jan and Paul Crochman. We got Trinity broadcasting right here. Joy and that, but that's not the trend. There's two different trillies. Joy's joy and Clarence. But Clarence is the pivot man in both of them. You notice the common thread he's always the pivot man. Yeah. 140. To another, got this dark and plucking guy in Stein Hatchy. I remember what that's all about. Who that wants to see him where we can see Rob Marcy and Oregon. And again, I don't want to start like what the racial thing you understand that. Yes, you do. No, I do not. It's just that this guy is not particularly interesting to look at. I don't understand why. Because he's ugly. That's why. Okay. He's ugly. He's ugly. Well, that's why the cameras like 20 years. That's a good part of camera. Like a long distance shot. Like the shooting from the moon. As opposed to Rob Marcy and it, the camera is like right on his shirt. Right on the front of his shirt. Hey, speak of that. If you love the finer things in life. Then you love Stogies. My name is Quintessential Sagar Shop in Kendall. With South Florida's largest Sagar. Stogies in Kendall is sure to have all your favorites. Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of Sagar's to choose from all your favorite brands that waiting for you to let up, including Arturo Fuente, Padrn, Maddy Crystal, Romeo and Juliette and lots more. That copy we had yesterday, man. That was copy from hell. I hope that you find that cragance. Tell him to stick it where the moon don't shine. Also, what's still easy to find a large selection of pinnors cigars. It closes out prices. As well as the steering hard to find that you won't find no place else. Come in to Stogies today and you're a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world. And be sure to join Stogies every Friday for their wine tasting from 5 to 8 pm. Featuring some of the most delicious burdoes at France has to offer. You'll find Stogies at 116-12 North Kendall Drive. They're open every day, seven days a week. In columned reserve of boxy favorites cigars. 305-598-9820. No forget when you go into Stogies, say hi to Marion the girls. Sandra and Yany and get you a free cigar today. Just some Neil Sammy Bioncei. And give you a free one. And a cigar too. Stogies cigars 116-12 North Kendall Drive call 304-12. 5-98-9820. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-18. We're at Robert's Conqueror Gate. The goal they will do when you're still resting or too. And make people feel concerned or say, The life's pain. I just want all my friends that visit me. For Stoggo, I have no life without my faith. Yay, yay, yay, yay. You know what life's to keep from saying you're jail-based. Go away from me and touch your own faith. And I don't understand all the messy things they say. And I try to complain that they're in my place. But don't all I can do is I might name my age and say, But they'll guess me everything and try to not change. And my faith is so lay-y. I'm not going to say my faith. Robert, that UC marketing baby didn't help her jail. 149, 11 before. So we got guilty coming up. We're going to be talking about those Stanley Cup playoffs, isn't it? Yes, he is. You think? Not. What to hear this? Some students are using a new ringtone to get messages in class. I made teachers can't even hear the ring. You heard about this? It sounds like vibrate to me. It would. The ringtone is too high pitched to be heard by most adults. With high school students can get text messages alerts without the teacher knowing. The phenomenon is known as aging ear. Or you know what? Most used to suffer from aging rear. It's known as age. That's why he was always picking in finger berries. Right, though. So, I'm not going to say that. But you stop. Phenomenal is known as aging ear. Or loss of the ability to hear higher frequency sounds. It happens to many people as they get older. What? One of your teachers said a colleague played the ring for classroom or first graders. All the kids could hear it while the adults couldn't hear a damn thing. How do you like that? Here's another thing you learned today. First we got oysters in Appalachicaola. And now we got ringtones in the classroom. Of the ringtones has been off technology that was originally meant to repel teens. It's security company developed a ton of tough stores in oil, youths, wood, and front-re stores while leaving adults on the affected. How do you like that? It was originally meant to repel teens and those sneaky bastards that they are now they're using it to their own sneaky advantage. Tell you what's bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line. No food today, though. No, I brought in a broadened food today. On a water time, he sounded a little bit of a bad amount of shit. If you're going to expect him to sit there, a high paid guy like him, you're going to have to lease feed him all week. I mean, Ruth Chris on Thursday, they'll think you're of that, but don't rest on your laurels. Don't worry, man. I eat pretty much every day. Me too. Third, in fact, I'm going to start eating. I'm going to start for a speed. I think I'm going to come to suicide by jumping off the balcony at 9-4. That's not a good idea. Do you want to know why? Was that, for a sample you've done, you might change your mind. You should go higher. Give her a thing about that. No, no, seriously, I change your mind on a way down. But with eating yourself to death, man, can you imagine? God. 1378 votes. That's what you're doing to me, Joe Bellow, okay. You're putting me in a state of sausages, baby. You want me out? I'm going to kill somebody. Me not be myself. I'm going to kill somebody. 1378 votes. How much do you care about the mommy heat? I don't give a Schmidt 533. 38.6%. I'll watch somewhere to resolve four or eight. Kind of look warm. I'm a big fan. I'll watch every playoff game 280, 20.3%. That means I got a lot to more games to watch. I'll read about the score as the won't watch 136 and I hit this full 21. So if you add the 38.6 to the 9.8, you got something. 47. Look at that. Right around 48%. And in a sunset it was 47. You can't get statistically much tighter than that, can you? Not really. It's all crowded. They just don't care about it. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I nailed Rick's little fellow and I. You know the normal. Yeah sure this. How you doing? Yeah. What? And what about Rick? Rick's fellow and I. And what's not? How you doing? WQAM Hello. You're a fake. No kidding. WQAM Hello. I want to take a present one. WQAM Hello. What are you going to bring back? More. Please answer me. What are you going to bring back? Hello? You're going to bring it back? One and a where? All right. Haha. All right. Alrighty. I think we hit the magic spot. The breakfast is meal rosers. This is 5.628. Alright. This is G. Gordon Liddy. And they don't come any worse than new Rogers. It's 30 a day, plus gas. Well, I ran into Lincoln. Gasser, credit, I drove up in the hill. You want me shirts? And recall how it happened, well it's gone on. This still gives me chid. And what a widow followed my map of Stahlhouse and St. St. St. was shot to see. Sidon on her front porch was, and deleted your land. Yeah, and I love, and I love, and I love. Well, I walk up like a new her. And why know you? And I saw her hesitate. Tony, bup the coal upon, started working, and four her. And there was too many. But her in my car and roll the windows down Now she works my queen and Who am I made her cry? Who's the stupid crow? And I've got Angelina, you mean? In my basement? I've been to space, and I think I'll keep her there with me And charge her ring And I can't win, why won't she don't mind And I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement And it's a fan set How wonderful life is when Angelina Joly in my basement What's the need for her to? Watch against the bread and pull her man in But I bet you give your message And help me To have Angelina Joly locked down in your basement Oh, my God Oh, God, that's not true Oh, that's true That's true That's true That's true That's true