In fact, I IT BOOOOOL Or she thinks we need? Who had you know of watching?! Wilmer world Another ambulance is coming to save The badges will be Seals are not that easy To a home to a lady Stuff without this madness As you must back who say We should say, boy We should say, boy So, how are you and me, if you, boy What you have to say, boy We should say, boy A badge is to me What you have to say, boy I'm both I'm both I'm dying of an ass Ten more days people will wreck anybody here I'll be by even track, okay, just chicken It's a 10-0-1, but it talks fast Right, we've got those hurry keys Baby and if they win today We've got the pregame, hurry key and warm up with the beast at 1130 And then the keys and Clemson Atlanta at the ACC Tournament And if my me wins, they play Duke tomorrow at the same time Let's hear it, for those keys Come on, let's go, 400 points today, easy In fact, that game inspired me to do that pool today Mark Kown, and it does not have to be a sportsman Because obviously a lot of you hate sports like sports Like sports like sports like George, but he probably still hates somebody And I'd pool, do you want for anybody? I told you, I put Bob Jones University on there Oh, that's right, Bob Jones University He wants to like about them How does he do it? Yeah Oh, man, what's the difference He wants to get with it Who is the US living politician you most admire? We did a good pool yesterday, by the way George That's right, that's right See, I left it a nice pool there, Bob tell you Well, it was a fact that's exactly the, oh brother Do you ever have a thing, hello, yeah I've never had a root canal, I guess that's the worst What people say, that's what they say And there was no pain, I got a great dentist here Even the injection in the needle with the anesthetic Not the use of this a nasty sting You know, you look like shake your rope or I should write into your bow Yeah, but there was no pain And it was also no pain during the just incessant drilling On a half a minute, there was my head there in the foam solution Yeah, that's right, that's what it felt and sounded like I mean, you couldn't feel it, but you were head to the old A bit of your brain And he stuck a bunch of pins in there And he put a couple of needles and pins Who was the US living politician you admire Most we asked 1792 Bill Clinton, 580 Nobody even closed to Bubba Let's bring a back Come on Forget about the ice princess, let's bring him back None, they're all quirks 399 To me, Carter 123, good old jima John McCain 95, Barack Obama 64 And Russ find gold 64, there's a good ticket for you A Jew and a dark guy Howard Dean 63, really Julie Annie 57, how's sad Dennis, the sentence 55, he did pretty well for a little guy I hate this pull 50, George W. Bush 47, 2.6% of you people out there ought to be horseware Jesus, God, the politician you most admire is this lying sack of crap With blood on his hands all the way was armpits Man, Al Gore 38, 10 Kennedy 38 And that's quite a commentary that there more people in the audience who have admire George W. Bush has opposed Al Gore 10 Kennedy RL21, RL21, John Murtha 18, oh you guys must have added that He added the, uh, comparable Hillary Clinton 18, Dick Cheney 14, the 1014 That I dick Ali, it's 5, oh, it's 5, oh it's America, they like their waffles but they don't like waffles You like waffles? Yes, I did, especially Belson waffles Let's see, what are we going to do today? Join QM, the van from noon to two and they will be all Told you, this is the last one though, and told for this series We'll be noon to two, the grand opening of advanced auto parts, located in 1925 North East Second Avenue in Miami, step by to win prizes, set up to win a $1,000 advanced auto parts shopping Spring and pick up your about three man Not third man, see these in T-shirts, 20 bucks a pop, but benefit at the event of head rescue before Lord of the, FYI, Miguel says I will not be calling George with updates Thank you, why? I mean just because the ball game will be on, we won't be here Sounds like Nick pick it to me, when you say yes indeed Okay, well plus there probably won't be anything up there anyway Well it's our location, 1925, North East Second Avenue Miami Sounds like our crowd, and just like that one the other day Although I don't think it makes a difference where we go, the way things are going We couldn't even get a thousand there at Shaanah, Sheldon station, Barrett University Right And of course, Josh Curtis came up with another 40 bucks at Bernie Co. Sir's stay Coach, you have an Ion on Tuesday night, 40 bucks Here are the guys who stopped by with his credit card, went home and bought one online immediately Well so let's assume maybe in fact maybe we've got a whole bunch of them Maybe he's going to spend like 500 bucks Well here's the whole total of including the online, not the day, but we got 14,395 But, and today's Thursday, so I don't know, is that good or bad? I guess it's not too bad if I was going to be 50,000. I got a shot. It's not too bad. That's right. Now here's today's poll, and not a lot of the big Keynes game, which we hope Like crazy that they win because if they do we get another short show tomorrow They make a real short way for me. Although I'd be honest with you, I would have rather been on the year yesterday than to Dennis. Yeah, well. And then after there was even a slightest bit of pain, there's a difference between pain and discomfort, okay? Right, and you talk about discomfort, man. And they put this like, I don't know if it looked like a cotton block on the other side of your mouth to keep it wide open, you know? I never had that. It's a rubber block. Is that what it is? Yeah. I thought it was the red rubber ball, they stuff in Joyce's mouth, the same one. But anyway, so they stuff that in there, and you're like, you know, you're a prisoner. You're a prisoner in the assistant, keeps reaching in with that thing to, oh, brother. It's a racking torture. What college are you university? Do you just fies the most? That's our fine poll question today. We got 563 votes. Now it could be a sports thing, but it doesn't have to be. Just like you would that aim, what is it? Or rather. Or is it? Well, how about a rubber university? Okay. Let's get that on there right away. I almost said, anal. I know. Notre Dame 166 is, that's who I voted for. Dispies their sports teams and spite of Brady Quinn. I despise the university. I despised touchdown Jesus. I despise the whole mentality with that thing, you know? And I despise the fact that NBC gives one college team a, it's so network. To show you how the religionists are running a whole universe. How come Michigan State doesn't have its own freaking network? How come Michigan don't have a network, right? Like I'm a TCU don't have its own network, right? Notre Dame, well screw you guys. Okay. Screw Brady Quinn. Well, Notre Dame 166 University of Miami 91. Are the interesting thing to me is the Hurray Cains beat the Gators and FSU and even Bob Jones at least so far by a good margin. They got a respectable second 91, hate them, Cains. And I think for a lot of the same reasons, with Notre Dame. You know, the whole Blue Nose crowd, they're run that place in Donut Shaleelie, who's as spending her time as president of the university. Tell them, jocks, don't leave school and go to the pros. Stick around. We need to, if we need to do it some more ball games, you know? This exactly what you'd expect the president of that university to be doing spend it in her time with. Gators, the university of Florida does 64 Gators. Bob Jones University 59, FSU 59. The Seminoles. I think that would have been higher once upon a time, but I would feel sorry for them. At least so much to be. Especially that Maddie Bowdoin. He's had so many personal tragedies, including the birth of his son years ago. Terry Bowdoin. None 33. See, that to me, you know what that is? That's really boring. Can't you, I mean, are you really that boring 33 of you that work up a list? Yes. Some intense dislike for, you know, anything. Yeah. Oh, how is say 29? I hate this pool 24. That's the old I hate the pool crowd. Yeah, 11. Harvard 9. Music is 8. Old Maddie, I'm going to be happy with that. Texas 7. Michigan State 5. Well, that's pretty enough to bet. USC 5. Penn State 3. And, uh, uh, and all, oral Roberts 2 and UCLA 2. Why would anybody hate USC or UCR? Well, USC, maybe because they went too many championships and different sports. And so did UCLA. Even Josh members when UCLA was the basketball. They were the, uh, while at, huh? For a while. Not anymore. Well, a long time ago. Once upon a time in America. Here's a cute story to get us started today. And, of course, you folks at the, the cause will be taken. We'll interspersed between the stuff because we only got an hour 20 minutes left. Let's stop real fast. With the, if there's university or college on there that we did mention 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 10, 10, 10 or less on anyway or not, whatever. And, argue in over a toilet paper, overflowed into a fight, sending one more tell made to the hospital another to jail. The maids had C.S.A. Motor Lodge in North Charleston. That South Carolina, of course. Armed themselves with a plunger and mop. After accusing each other of taking toilet paper for each other's training cart. Nor Charleston police said. Delores Smith, 47 is charged with assault and battery of a high-negvated nature. A maids just read, said her bail at 5 grand. The argument began about 940 last Thursday morning in the motels laundry room. The 52 year old maid wounded in a scuffle said Smith grabbed a mop and mop and hit her on the arms. She was taken to a hospital with minor injuries. Smith said she would defend herself from her co-workers plunger. How about you, Joyce? Give her some pointers on how to do that. How to plug? No, the old apple in the mouth. That's her stuff. I felt just like Joyce yesterday. Would you say, what is it a rubber thing? It is a rubber block. It's a rubber block. Stick in your mouth while they're like that. Yeah. And it's just drilling the pressure and it feels like your brain's going to pop right out of your head. Tell me who I am. Hello. Who am? Yes. Speaking. Oh, no. You could add James Madison to that. That's I believe that Jerry Farwell's college up there near Virginia Tennessee in that area there. Very short. James Madison is Jerry Falwell's. Scott thought it was Liberty Baptist the church and the college. You know what I have to say? That's what it is. I apologize. Neil. That's okay. I'm sorry. It's a bunch of a right wing going. That's okay. What a okay. Thanks, pal. James Madison, our fourth president, Schreymon, you sir. James, remember, dolly, hello, dolly Madison, huh? I know my president's baby. I don't know anything else. I know two things. I know my harness racing drivers and my president's nothing else. Although I do know my hockey deals. Let's see. We got guilty on after the ballgame. Thank goodness. Good timing for one. Some estate. You two to full. Because even though there's. Oh, and if there was 15,096, the Panthers killed out of a six to last night. The 15 part is right. In fact, if you look on the NHL dot com for the attendance, they've got zero. Which I think is closer than 15 thousand. There was nobody there. But anyway, today is the NHL trade deadline to the staff known a few minor things are going on. The big one, the only big one so far. Josie theater. Lovely guy. He goes from the Canadians to Colorado for David Abisher. I'm shocked at that. It anyway, nobody cares. So just keep moving right along. 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQM. Everybody's going to be gathered around the hot stove in the rating day for the NHL trade deadline. If lawlessness, big is the NFL freaking drag. We're lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security. Comcast high speed internet leaves the SL in the dust. And today you can get on board for only 9.95 for two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than the SL15. And up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Whether you're downloading music watching, screaming video, playing online games, or maybe even watching Osama or more into OJ. Or just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get this instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Grapsity, radio, plus and up to 7 personal email accounts just in a few. And you also get macrophies security tools included so you can rest assured your internet experience will always be safe and secure. So what you're waiting for is start doing a lot more faster than ever before. Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months. And you wonder how if you're got along without it. And date call 305 Comcast in Broward 9.54 Comcast. This is a new Roger. This is 51628. That Richard reminds me of my mother. This is the story of I don't want my week, don't take on it too. She put the Senate opposition she's got to be said to her. Her name is Bill, ran the country in 1992. She loved it as it is too. She works in a new world being a gamble. Call me again about living at Broward's house castle. In four years she'll have a new election to attack her. With all your ability run to the Catholic safe. With all your ability run. Now go for it and send that a clear answer. She wins with innocent error. Baby, you've made my bubble back baby to help with it. I'll tell you what. Let her run and he can run things again. He can throw off us again. Anyway, Liberty is right. Liberty College is your head just to Google it. I'm sure you did too. No. You didn't? I'll take a word for it. I'll take a word for it. Liberty College is a Jerry Falwell. In Lynch, Virginia, underlined a Lynch part. He's the Lynch pin of the right wing religion. Anyway, Congress appears where on ports deal. Congress said it's first shot across President Bush's bow yesterday. As the House of Prophecies Committee voted it was very close. They voted 62 to block a controversial deal that would allow to do by a ports world to operate some terminals at US ports. 62 against and only two in favor. The men was inserted into emergency supplemental funding bill for military actions in Iraq and Afghanistan. They've also includes about 19 billion disastrous systems for the Gulf Coast and the American hurricanes could train in Rita. The whole house could vote on the measure as early as next week. The committee's approval was bipartisan. Democrat represented Jim or Anna Virginia and Republican Jim Colby. Whereas on the cast, the only no votes. How do you like that? No. That was it. Only two out of 64. Not too good. Things ain't looking to do it in Chuck Schumer's right now. I'm the Senate. But they would, but they're having a, having a cow about it. And speaking of things now, I, everybody didn't have time to go over the, if you click on and there's a story on our website today. Abraham, off-house, humanity fair. By the way, I'm sure you must have talked yesterday about the, how we found Osama, your mama. Oh, yeah, I'll do it. Video, though. You didn't mention it? No. I don't know what I'm saying. We found Osama. He's morphed in the OG. Oh, that Osama. No, no, I have a different thing. No, no. What tells you wrong with him? I don't want to see it. You haven't seen it? That was put up like a game. That's a go by the way. Yeah, it's been on there for a while. And we haven't mentioned it. Click on underneath the, pull around the pole. There's Osama. Oh, I'd buy the way. You know, in that loose, loose change? Yes. One of the most convincing things that one video that was allegedly Osama, with the big fed the fat guy in the fat face that doesn't look anything like him. In fact, even the OGN, I noticed looks more like him than that. That one video. You need to, you need to, you know what I said? Yeah, yep. Not even close. Are you watching? Yeah, yeah, it's good. It's amazing. He's a killer. We know that. There you go. Good disguise, OGN. Ha ha ha ha ha. Where the hell did we get that? That's a beautiful thing. Huh? Didn't come for me. I came from Norma Kent. It's better fact. Passed along. Anyway, there's an article on there. Abraham walked talks to Vanity Fair from Raw Story, which is rapidly becoming one of my very favorite websites. And if you go, if you click back to the link, you can't do it from reading on our side, but if you click back to the original Raw Story story, at the end of the story, Vanity Fair is letting them make the article in the entire article available about Abraham off interview. And you can just click on. There's a link. If you go back to, I'm just telling you that right now. When I clicked that the print was so small, you could have had to mount Palamar telescope and not read it. But I'm sure that you could did it with that and give it up to speed. Yeah. For those 10 of you, they're going to be interested. So you didn't even mention the, uh, any more. Hi, I bet. And you're bad. Vanity Fair is said to publish a tell-all interview with this Grace Lobby is Jack Abraham off, noting that his plea bargain sentence can be substantially reduced by cooperating with investigators. The piece makes much of many prominent Republicans' denials of having worked with Abraham off. Words. Um. Watley. Abraham? Abraham? Buttermelon. Abraham? Abraham? Abraham? Abraham? And Eva? Abraham? Abraham? Abraham? to its charity, he set up paper a golfer for himself, a higher Republican Bob May, and former Christian coalition had Ralph Reed currently seeking the office of the 10th Governor from the state of Georgia, we'd also want to serve the Zebraus Projects Director. Quirk, the article is supported by images of Abraham off with everyone from Ronnie Reagan, to Newt King Rich, and is preface by Tute Page spread of the lobbyist golfing with Tom Delay. The Gingrich photo was signed, your friend Newt King Rich. I have more pictures of Newt than I have of my wife to follow the lobbyist tells random people who are not going to be fair. The article also notes that the photograph taken with President Bush which earned Abraham off's possession are the lobbyist sole potential source of funds. Abraham says that when we stupid, the Senate and the President saying he'd rather sweep floors than Indian reservation, maybe with the Mark Lindsey and the Raiders. Let me teach English history and music he equipped to let me sweep floors at the reservation and state you'll be paying the feed me to sit and jail. And the lecture said in the past vanity fair lawyers have demanded rust or not predicts from their pieces. However, at this time they made the entire article available and he could click on that link if you go back to original story. How do you like that? Uh-huh. It's just it's a beauty. And for you people after you Bush hold out, the 2.6% of our audience said that my George W. Bush were there anybody in the Americany pump. It just mind blowing to me. Like a famous philosopher old chicken ex-it and I did too. Who are these people? Where are they and where how do we get rid of them? Man. Those are the people that I would be like being followed around and put away in a rubber room somewhere to keep us safe. More than four in 10 Americans strongly disapproved the job the George W. Bush is doing his present. According to the latest CNN Gallup poll, that's the highest negative of any present except Nixon in the waning months of his presidency. Remember he was waning just like the emergency in Iran? Just 40% of Americans believe Bush can manage the country effectively. Bush registers a 38% approval rating with 60% disapproval rating. 60% that's double. But third man. When Americans last to follow up whether they strongly approve or disapproval or more than twice as many Americans say they strongly disapproval 44% as they strongly approve a boy. 20%. The strongest approval rating is the highest gallop has measured for boy's 5% and is the highest for any present since Nixon during the middle of Watergate. Nixon is the only other present to ever. The register is strong to support ratings of about 40% in Gallop polls. He had a 48% strong disapproval rating in February 74 and a 46% rating that days before he resigned. Oh God. The President makes him sound so good. Then, Cheney can be the president. He already is. 49% of Republicans now strongly approve a Bush. The lowest solidarity with Bush by his own party until now and majority of Democrats 68% strongly disapproval. For the first time, majority of independence, 53% now strongly disapproval of your present. Those of you hangers on. W2AM, hello. Who am? Yes, sir. Good morning, are you? Great. Two quick things I would add. Number one. Do you get a university? Yeah, I think the Humbers not here today. You'd be really PO. A lot of people, but you could go and get a padrock, which is university. You can fully know about reaching university down in North Africa. That's a well-welfrood also work a long time ago. Wow, all the gangsters. And number two, out here in Los Angeles, USC is kind of like the University of Miami. In terms of its private kind of smoothie, full themselves. And so it's in that. But it's because there's a lot of jealousy and resentment. So that's one of the reasons people may not like that school. On that, we have a great year. Congratulations on 30. And keep up the good work. Much is cross-season. You go ask the chemo V2. Get to. Let's see. Yeah, we're going to be bisexual and bilingual as you're okay. We got to get the audience back. You can tell that they've all flown the coupe this week, can't you? No, Laura, but you had some fantastic colors yesterday. Oh, yeah, there was spectacular. No? There was already. Come on, you get the intellectual crowd. That's right. I am. Please don't tell me he called you. No, please. He didn't. No. Go back and come out. Yeah, we are. What? Come on. We don't want you to be left out. I would never. We don't want you to feel on love. Where is the love? Where is the love? Okay, and I don't see it, listen. Seriously, I mean, we still are doing bits. Oh, you know, you better get it. Instead of doing some of these measly bits, and he would just get back on a most of it. He doesn't need to be here for us to do that. Oh, and also speaking of other people that are on the year or were, and not going to be very long, which we don't have time to play on here. Did you talk about that? That said Rosenberg thing that got called me on the day. Huh? I just took it out of the machine. You're not going to want me to play it, are you? No, no, no, no. Okay. Guy called no, because I almost went into a coma while I was playing it, man. Anybody that ever complaints about this show? I got news for you. Ron Benington, Dr. Lachson, all. Somebody, uh, taped that. Well, he's on exam, is that it? That is correct. Oh, and, uh, Senator Clip of the show, where, uh, Sid Racer, the kid Rosenberg Stals theme, whatever his name is, from the Cross of Street called in, and was like sucking around to get on exam, and sucking those guys like crazy, uh, butts. I mean, just unbelievable. Oh, and you, you guys should have built me to bigger deal when I left the money got fired, and you guys didn't support me. You and, uh, who's the other one's, uh, oh, Oprah, you'd answer. Oh, Oprah and Anthony. Oh, my God. Did just pathetic. So, you know, not a good idea to be calling him on our way. Maybe he just doesn't care for like two bucks an hour. You know, I don't think he'd be around too long. Sid, the kid. And he was going to be the Messiah. He was going to be the, uh, the, he was going to be there. He's in the hole as they say in America. As you know, I wall it would say you are my ace in the hole. In other words, ace hole. 654 votes. What college university just spies the most? Come on, let's, you know, you're going to have to hold back for whatever reason. Maybe your mother law went there. Notre Dame 181. University, Miami 99. Bob Jones University 73. A bunch of Barbissa and a goham. Gators, UF, or is that FU? 70. FSU 63. None. 39. I hate this full 31. Ohio State 31. The buck eyes. I think it's still the, uh, the ghost of Woody Hayes hangs over that old deal. Yale 13. Hobbit 10. Michigan 8. Michigan State 7. Come on now. What's not to like? Texas 7 or Robert 6. U.S. C. 5. Liberty, uh, college. I think it's Liberty back in the making difference. Liberty, it's very follow up for Penn State 4. And that ancient Joe Petrero just turned out to be in 40. UCLA 3 and Duke just went on there for the hoppers going to be. And of course, if the kids went today quickly, just know they're going to do it. It's, uh, Cains and Duke 1130 pregame tomorrow. We love those. You can rockers. Can a moron? It's 5. 62. A. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S.S. S. S. S. S.S. S.S. Do we put the ball in the basket? That's what He does. That's what He does. You put the ball in the basket. That's what He does. You put the ball on the basket. That's what He does. That's just what He does. That's what He does. And we can, dupe, and then we, and then we go up in the back. the bass kit. That's what I do put the bowling the bass kit. That's what I'll be do. Ah yeah, I'll put that what he do. They put the ball in the basket. The situation is put the ball in the basket. He puts the ball in the basket for the organization. That's my take on what he do. That's what I do put the bowling the basket. That's what I do put the bowling the bass kit. That's what I do put the bowling the bass kit. That would I be do. That's what he do. What's the bowling the basket? What do you do? For the ball in the basket? 10% to put the bowling the basket. That's what he did. That's what he did. He put the bowling the basket. What are you doing? It's what he did. It's what he did. That's what he did. It puts the low portion in the bass. Oh yeah, if you're going to put the ball in there. Might as well put a little bit of that smear a little bit of it. Maybe very bonds can use it all blah blah blah blah rt a Josh court is jumping off of that bandwagon real quick off that bandwagon yeah that very bonds band I think that'd be good pull for you guys to take one day next time we go to the dentist or the doctor or something when I croaked um what bonds do you like best Bobby bonds rest in peace very bonds Gary US bonds US savings bonds how about your US bonds gold bonds rule bonds is good powder and that's what powder you know stocks and 567560 pound 560 laborer's in singular wireless line what college university you despise the most I thought we'd have a whole bunch of these but then again they don't want to talk to me anymore it's just the way it's been this week you know we I think it's like the cut off the 30th anniversary last week that was the cut off point and now it's like they're giving the cold shoulder for a while you know we we could tolerate you for 30 years but now it's like well you're going to have to you're going to have to warm us up a little bit yeah warm this WQA and hello QAM oh my my favorite now that was good one it special I like the fact you know whatever they say you can't dump it huh the faster they talk the I see oh I never knew that before sure they can't slow it was that's what I had full of baby they are smoking well once that form into the late cases up WQA and hello James Bond James Bond you said that all right James Bond he's still in the band stuff that was like two minutes ago come on keep up with your paly James Bond oh my god you people are something how about word bond for all your old folks for chicken that can't remember's word bond that's the best one so far now we had a couple good ones QAM hello yeah yeah sir how you doing Jimmy and Buffalo Buffalo all my god my can my heartfelt condolences man yeah well things are things shouldn't break up you know the Indians took over six crack house the tournament the casinos the people are gambling way out their money good I tell you it's rough I kind of crowd yeah it's rough up here you know yeah uh all right you know I will try to decide do watch channel two news every night though it's like a five thirty or five one of it all son yeah well what's the weather guys name he's good don't know something or other don't call don't call got we never trusted god with two first names but he's good no he's got baby the lies yeah don't true like I said don't trust him but but you guys the weather there I'm only 120 miles away from you guys and then whether there is horrendous like brutal yes new that but I mean now it's just unbelievable I'm hoping to think Patrick's day turns out all right so these players think you get out there and do their drinking and without you know you know any any accidents on the road he's got you know I'm just going to stand huh now I know why they all they have Polish folks in Buffalo after where there's white size to go bowling because there's snow up to their knees anyway so yeah oh I know but the bowling proliferation and the the drinking is the crown I'm telling you if that's when you get a drink so you can forget about the taxes but I enjoy the show when I get down there a couple times a year and uh one day I'll get down there hopefully for good no stating come tax now he means Florida you're talking about yeah better you than me pal okay for both and I'll see and she too log guys at you see and Fredonia and the few I'll see and Amber get the track yeah that's right take a bite pal yeah come Buffalo come on John Nichol says Vermont Tom means votes to him peach oh this is such good news I mean just to start you know there has to be like a little start somewhere a single Vermont community's call from peachman a president bush turned into a chorus to tonight with town meetings all across southern Ron echoing the demand the car receptor moved a president yes as had been expected voters in the town of new flame where the movement began endorsed impeachment by a resounding margin the paper route vote was a hundred and twenty one two twenty nine for the resolution at declared whereas George Bush has won missed out the nation about a wax weapons and mass destruction two missed out the nation about ties between the american al-Qaeda three use these falsehoods lead our nation into a war on support of our international law for not told the truth about american policy with respect to the use of torture and five has directed the government to engage in domestic spying and direct confidence in the US laws therefore the voters of the town of new fame asked that are representative to the US House of Representatives file articles of impeachment to move him from orifice these surprise came from neighboring communities were inspired by new pains example citizen demanded that their time needs address the issue as well at least three other Vermont towns don't are sting moral bruh and put me named of course after michael put me a channel 10 voted for impeachment resolutions Tuesday night domestic and put me in florist on marble voted by paper ballot sixty ten for impeachment and they rolled the papers up for the marble man made some good smokes dandy world elected member of the new fame town select board to start the process with a draft in impeachment article and placed on the official agenda for the annual time meeting celebrated the grassroots of old against George Bush even the grassroots don't like him sooner or later and his administration is a healthy side democracy is still alive at least in Vermont in the US president there were only a few places where citizens can act in this fashion have a say on a nation is that for a month what's not to like about the government in jerry's right right you know i don't think i've ever been in Vermont need in my life be there door near it i think i may have driven through it no i take that back you're going to Vermont one of those very few states i never been and thinking about that makes me want to go to why you get that's not to be a man i mean there's my pia year uh burlington name it other city of my real quick i can't no it's just not it's like Wyoming all all or yes you know it's more civilized than what i mean but there's just nobody there well that's good that is good in fact uh you know we we can send all the uh cuckoo you know got massive juices in the york uh connect a kit Rhode Island main let's say the living and reading people who good states and we could like take all of them right next to one south keralana and all those other yahu in my um and you talk what i said a place for me out the koda don't we wouldn't be doing what about north the koda that too that's a there yeah i think that you know we don't have to it doesn't have to be official we've already got like a semi official civil war going on forget about a rack we got when going on this country in your country excuse me 10 41 is five six the deputy qm when you're shopping for shoes immediately the name that are popped into your mind is brandy's in pampito beach i've been talking about brandy's in raving about them for years because there's nobody doesn't better that's why they're still around while the others have gone by by air be major brandy you know what love is waiting for you to brandy's at unbeatable prices they got a fantastic selection rock port foreshime echo mothisto s a s new bounds all the other top names as well as for arney when you when arney will make damn sure you get the perfect fit of the right price of brandy's and even if you have big fat feet brandy specializing wide wits as well so brandy's worth your trip from just about any place in town don't forget they have that unbeatable combination comfort style fit value you can't beat their prices and selection so what was think brandy's shoes at twelve ninety north federal highway in pampito beach brandy's open every day monday through Saturdays till nine Sunday's till five and this week again this week says brand schmutz it's a great time to buy new balance of brandy's all great men's and women's brandy new balance style started at what it box off this week so be sure to get the brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy's shoes you see that's what happens when you have to work in your better like that like i said on the web at brandy's shoes dot com take your time this is a meal Rogers this is five sixty two six five two five two five two five two five four four nine three five I'm dying out of the hand. 10.28.05.60. W.M. I have to talk real fast. We got the hurricane warm up in 30 with the bees. Have you heard anything? No, we're talking real fast. That was a... Oh, help it. And every act you have in Clemson from the ACC Tournament in Greensboro, South Carolina, North Carolina. At noon, South Carolina, North Carolina. Actually, our Greensboro is where the Carolina hurricane started. Okay. And then they moved to Rawling. And they still don't draw flies even though the best team would leak. Oh, speak in a hockey, Josie Seedor, for David Abbasher. That's the big news. Trade deadline at 3. So we got to go the act of the basketball game, a perfect day for him. He'll be talking about the, I'm sure the trade deadline. Which nobody cares in South Florida, but nevertheless, at least we'll be doing the right thing. Man dog 4 to 7, Curtis 7 to 10, any kid 10. That's it. That's the deal. 10 Rawl. Now, remember in loose change, I'm sure you do. Yes. Isn't this about flight 93? Yes. Well, you're going to like here and is did you read this yet? It's on our way. That's it. I love Ted Rawl. We post his colleagues as cartoons all the time. Negeurck liars, the legend of the United Flight 93. Ready, strap yourself. Ready. Fasten your seatbelt. On the first anniversary of the crash of the United Airlines flight 93, Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge delivered a speech at the set of the disaster and Western Pennsylvania. Thanks for the most frightening circumstances one could possibly imagine he told Reving Rotos of the past years and crew members of World of the Fourth Plain Hydract on 9-11. They met the challenge like citizen soldiers like Americans he said. He was said to the now for a major story of passengers learning by a phone about the attacks on the World Trade Center in Pentagon, deciding to fight back and breaking into the cockpit a heroic act that led to their own death swass-pouring countless others in Washington. The terrorists were right to fear an uprising where it'd rather have survived. The passengers included whatever they humanly could, royal water, phoned the authorities and ultimately rushed to cockpit to foil the attack. Ridge's boss repeatedly used 9-9-3 to close the standard stump speech. Following the past, you revolve the most vivid and sad symbol of them all. George W. Bush said, people are flying across the country in the airplane at least they thought they were. They learned the plane was going to be used as a weapon they got on their telephones. They were told the true story. Many of them told their loved ones goodbye. They said they loved them. They said a prayer prayer was said, one guy said, let's roll. They took the plane in the ground. The legend of flight 93 had everything in ancient crudwood. It's pants down. Needed a feel better about itself. That's heroism self-sacrifice. Best of all it was marketable. By Hollywood and by President willing to surf on a kind of hero was a notably absent from his own life. The theatrical release of the second United 93 movie, a schedule opening April 28. Lisa Beamer would have the passenger credited with the called Worms Let's Roll, wrote a best-selling book by the same name applied for a trademark on the expression and is now working on the christianist lecture circuit. The christianist lecture circuit. Actually, the 9-11 commission found the evidence indicates that what Todd Beamer or somebody else said was not let's roll, but roll it, possibly referred to an airplane service card that passengers may want to use to break down the door into the cockpit. Too bad, roll it certainly sounds less cinematic and more like a book about cinematography than let's roll. I said it all the time. Roll it, big fat one. The first indication that government officials were covering up the truth about United 93 came with a refusal to make public for cockpit voice recording, the CVR. Releasing CVRs after crashes, long been stated practice. Pilots last usually profane utterances have become a cliche. Yet the FBI stone wall victims wrote us for months after 9-11. While we empathize with the grieving families assistant director John Colleague would wrote one widow, we don't believe that the horror captured in the cockpit voice recording will consult them in any way. And yet if the tape contained inspiring proof of the past to revolt, and its success, it would have been one hell of a lot more consoling than time-rages or a terrain one out released it. Finally, after 7 months of political pressure, the FBI allowed the United 93 well-lives to listen to CVR. The fed stole the families not to reveal what they've heard. They said the information on the tapes could possibly be used in the prosecution of the alleged 20 of hijackers, a curious misal way, and anything that we say could affect the case in a negative way said the brother of one of the victims. Though they studied of recording the 9-11 Commission found zero evidence that the past revolt succeeded, that they may be in the cockpit and is bush-planned took the plane into the ground. Tom Kean and company offered only conjecture. The hijackers remained at the controls, but must have judged that the past year's only seconds from overcoming them. Must have. At a time when work can be justified by waving a ride a bottle of fake anthrax on TV, must have his judge to be adequate proof. Another eyebrow-raising portion of the official account of Flight 93 states that the past years in flight crew began a series of calls from GTE earphones and cellular phones after the hijacking. Ever forgotten to tear off your cell phone during your flight I had, tried to yourself. Sended telephone calls tended drop on your driving at 60 miles an hour, past your jets traveled up to 10 times that speed. Moreover, there's zero signal and no ability to place a call above 8,000 feet. Flight 93 on roof from North to San Francisco had a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet. The drop's 721 was hijacked in 928 AM, cell calls not likely. The Bush administration has ultimately claimed that the White House and the capital and finally the White House again was the target of Flight 93 hijackers. Sure, it's possible that the same terrorist who didn't know that New Yorkers don't start working till 9, the World Trade Center was struck at age 42. Wouldn't have thought to check Bush's schedule to find out whether he'd be home that morning. But if the White House was the objective why not hit it first? After all, if Bush had been home when the news from New York first broke, he would have been wish to wait to maintain the secret under-squows location. If the government doesn't know what the target was, they shouldn't say that they do. What happened to the United 93? There was almost certainly a past year uprising that it's received, probably not. The 911 Commission says that it's sometime between 10, 10 and 10, 15. Big 10, the order of the Air Force to shoot down the plane, which had turned east toward Washington. The plane had already crashed at 1003, but the regional air traffic and troll center in Cleveland asked the FAA where the military fighter jet should be dispatched at Flight at 936, giving Air Force more than enough time to intercept before the fatal plunge in the field of Changsville. Was United 93 shot down despite the official story? Local media counsel for evidence of that possibility. The September 13, 2001 Pittsburgh Post is a reporter for example. In a morning briefing, state police major Lyle Zepinka confirmed that debris from the plane had turned up in relatively far-flung sites, including the residential area of Indian Lake 2.5 miles from the crash site. Flight 93 headed down rolled onto its back and crash leaving a smoldering crater. The Pittsburgh Post Gazette again, Indian Lake Marine employee John Fliegels said he climbed on the roof of a maddened cabin and tossed down a burning seat crux that landed there. By Wednesday morning crash, they would begin walking ashore at the Marina. Fliegels said there was something look like a ribbone amid pieces of seats, small chunks of melted plastic and checks. Seats and bones don't fly two and a half miles from a crash. Their location could indicate an initial explosion, such as that from a missile hitting a plane. If the Air Force did shoot down Flight 93 to protect the capital, it was the only time my 911 was since that the Bush administration has done anything to keep America safe. Whether they were concerned about being second-guest or for the financial health of the airline industry will never know. We do know that they've become needy or flyers even covering up the river casings when they do something right. Perhaps they don't really know what happened. There are so they ought to say rather than promote more fairy tales about Flight 93. The passengers did try the only thing that takes away from their herwism as Bush's lies. So now that's a curious mousouis can have been convicted. Where's that tape? All right. How you like that? Especially after having watched the loose change. Raising all of these, all of these doubts. All of these doubts. Speaking of doubts, how about that Barry Barnes? I don't mind a dwell on this. I'll leave it to the sports irons. Oh, by the way. WQAM, hello. Not there. Okay. Like I said, I'm trying to interspore us one or two right here. There we only got like 35 minutes per chrono. A lot for Christ's Sakes. How's Judas doing by the way? Who Barry Barnes exposed beginning in 98 with injections in his buttocks. Second of wind straw, a powerful steroid, very bondstruck, a wide array of performance and hand-sing drugs over at least five scenes in a massive doping regiment that who more sophisticated as years went on to court a game of shadows, a book written by two sentences, go chronically forters at the forefront of reporting on the balco's steroid distribution scandal, a book that Josh court has to be reading from cover to cover pillow to post. On your appeal, be more revealing that that Jose can suck a book as such. All right. Share hope so. How many words did you read that? About 30 minutes. An excerpt of Game of Shadows that details Vaan steroid use appears exclusively in the March 13 issue as forcivilist way which is on the new stands now. The book's publication date is March 27. I'll be grabbing that. The author is Mark Fainaro Wada. What? And Lance Williams is describing sometimes day to day drug by drug detail often and deeply bonds engage in the persistent doping. Doping. The old rope a dope. For instance, the author is right that by 2001 when Vaan's broke Mark McGuire single season home record of 70 by building 73, Vaan's was using two designer steroids referred to as the cream and the clear as well as insulin, human growth hormone to testosterone to canoate, a fast acting steroid known as Mexican beans and 10 below. A steroid created to improve the muscle quality of cattle. Mexican beans all do we wish for those days when we put little or sound effect or two whenever those Mexican beans. This is the new Roger. This is the new Roger. Any questions? On Larry King, the one ton of old baby pension came. The place come in into the belt by Haliparton. But you reminded they since once it closed. Motion administration says no. No, they will not close. Pint with a vented mold is commester in charge of torture. I'm a long failure. I'm a little bit. Yeah, I just said that. Actually. I said one. Who that? My questions will be tougher than usual. I hope you'll have picked. I'm wearing my no-skin shooter by the barge. Mommy. So where? How's it going for you today? Or in the water you've been just buying mommy. Mommy. I'm in a nice day. You're a session. You bull dails out and don't be tainies and water. It's called their waterboarding. When you do that, it puts the basket in the lotion. You know, you resemble that right. You place the police. Captain, I'm not that show-wands. What's the name of this? Some monk with a totally and oldie. You watch monk. You're a hand-stunk. Not on Sunday. This seat under the flag is present in the N Wall. But I was a bodyguard. And everything I've never read. Thanks. Sure. Money works out. So old man... What was good for my father that hanging on that one? I love he's an old man, I previous man just here. permutation. Press fist situation. No red Tortoise. All right. рисing calls simultaneously. Action.そんな job. Respect. Part of the 입man. something he got like he went through this epiphany whatever it hell I mean right and he like got religion and it was visited by the ghost of the Christmas conscience he was that or what's his name that was an Christmas care a what was his name alicester sim okay remember that yes I did and anyway whatever it happened him all of a son he just did his gun not into the day president board signed a deal giving india access to sensitive u.s. nuclear technology the deal is being hailed as a very important arrangement between the United States and India the u.s. will receive access by the way as a result of turning over that high nuclear technology India the United States will be receiving Indian mangos president bush eager to expand trade with India today agreed to share our civilian nuclear power technology to help India meet its growing energy needs in return president bush hailed an expanded trade agreement between the two countries the president said and i.e. quote the United States is looking forward to eating Indian mangos and quote all right new for mangos what a hell of a deal right even you could make a deal like that that's right we certainly don't have any mangos out here it's everywhere the loser for the mangos who don't want to come to q a m hello q a m call deputy q a m hello hey no yes sir hey you left two of our u.m. rivals off your upholed up here up uptake you in the lawly pop tech what uptake you in lawly pop tech and oh that's that's a joke and somebody have to draw me a diaphragm at that you can always save it to law yeah yeah yeah of course we're gonna study play a lot of girls schools what's that comes into it a poll okay is that anything to do with a plahava long be state how about that uptake you my s god oh i'm telling you man you folks are about as funny and by the way said rosemore cransia was on xm that is the best although it doesn't spare me to play what how is it look at that can you know what's going on here today what did i just i hit the wrong thing well i this is what happens when you're in a big hurry okay with these damn sticking uh... ball game let me tell you something pal long needs state to girls still hey cupcake you mama what kind of our university do you despise the most Notre Dame to oh one university line me one oh six Bob Jones university a hundred a hundred because they're so far bison gators uf eighty four f u fsu sixty nine non forty eight i hate this pool forty four oh i state they're not so great the stick in buck eyes thirty five did they with a national championship it's a good idea well they they really lost but they they yeah they're exactly they handed them the game shame on you people Yale fifteen oral Roberts thirteen animal uh... zation harbour eleven meat meat meat eleven all-know-not meat chicken since i'm ready left there where you turn on them again liberty nine it's liberty back this does a jury fallwell's fine institution meat chicken state seven seven people pick it on a four Spartans Texas seven u c five pen state four do three and u c a three out of seven seventy five cupcake you and i do do you do you do you okay you i read that last night on the internet right just brought to mind like every torchard explanation this administration has it they had proof that proof that they were doing the right thing with make show it yeah that's right like with the voting machines everything is a cover up yet and it just goes on on and on and nobody uh... i don't know how to know what to we've had a bloodless cool in america and the public is sitting back watching american idol and uh... you talking we had a cool with everything with the only thing was missing was the tanks and the troops surrounding the white house in the government building right that's correct and if you say that my my own brother barely speaks to me anymore because i don't support my you know my nephews on his way over to Iraq right now and they're all gunhole about it no bread i don't know how we can from the same family and i want to be on the best thing about all these ball games is on your channel when they when you switch over and say it's time for my amy hurt you can hear all the radio stations and what are you talking over all it's a raden's most your man make no mistake about it have a good day Neil you too harsh thanks it's a really raden's booster but you know something we have to balance things in life everything like you build balance used to say or our former general manager was unbalanced you know everything life is it's the end of the year and the you know if we have to balance between the real short show again and a lot of here eleven thirty which is like twenty two minutes away and possibly doing the end of moral or you know or uh... not have it was fine ball games on will take the uh... soft to you know less work more pay it and tomorrow as far as the ratings are concerned i mean based on the calls this week i would have a minute we probably get like a one share of the next trans will be okay joint you way in today from noon to two for the grand opening of advanced auto parts at nineteen twenty five northy second avenue mimey it's got to be something i can't say the word on the year stop by to win prizes out of two and a thousand dollar advanced auto parts shopping spree pick up your about thirty uh... man cities and t-shirts for twenty bucks a piece of have been in per rescue i guarantee me you'll be mob heavily swamped with his with his people not our people his people out there great women mimey here over at the end of this i don't have time it's a good thing we're not getting like in the day to play with calls and other look at the net and one other like ring an off the hook to bed bread grim in yesterday's heroly election official hammered for telling the truth you can't tell the truth on there's that lunatic uh... rums for a guy and co-op everything is the media small that's right you guys just won't talk about the good stuff people people are still alive in a rack is that i am or eon i went how do you pronounce that guy's name i o n i i i negative i'm sure i on sensual maybe hero in california were great for election officials have verified the serious security vulnerabilities in diable voting machines at the leon county election supervisor and cover last year santers regarded a little differently in florida florida secretary estate office disc parents and she's finding the uh... demonstrating considerably more interest in popping up vendors and protecting elections california a lot by santers report dispatch its independent expert laden voting system technology assessment advisory board to conduct its own investigation florida mean while threatened to sue sancho when to the only three voting machine vendors certified to business in florida other potential competitors are shut up refused to sell the machines to the trouble making fabric from leon county new machines the states tax five hundred sixty four grand in grant money way from the uncounty for free and the media deadline for you guessed it obtained new machines he made me a hero in california but messing with money interest makes a pariah in florida california's voting systems assessment board issued a report last month decided in the very first paragraph the uncounty security tests sanctuary dispatch renown computer expert herri hersteer finland with tempta hack leon county's double voting system and guess what he did her city demonstrated that somebody inside the supervisors office could both order the outcome of election and erase any trace of his meddling california's final investigation absolutely vindicated sancho's concerns since they've had wager university california computer scientists and remember the voting machine assessment board i report found all of i on santers concerns were valid and in fact worth any one realized we got bad machines mine last month california quickly to the series of fixes for the holes in the system on Friday afternoon the florida secretary states or office set up the same california secretary security directors to county election supervisors of course there was no mention that the california findings have been available all along right there in i on sancho's tala has the orifice this is incredible how he's been treated by a certain money he's the leader everyone else in the nation's been watching because of the investigation we've been able to strengthen security and protect the voters of california florida wager noted instead of getting credit sancho's been savaged one vendor canceled his orders at the last minute one refused to sell machines the third while return is phone calls salesman are suddenly too busy to sell machines to stay rather than react to possible collusion probably canceled his grant and threatened to sue him for failing to fulfill his official duties a couple of leon county commissioners have joined the pummeling it's been a rough few weeks sancho said money nearly in tears wager suggested the tonto situation exposed a weakness that no one has realized up to now florida apparently doesn't mind if it's only licensed vendors refuse to sell their products to certain supervisors can a vendor pummeling someone who exposes the effects in their product like the last if they can drive out i and sancho this is going to have a chilling effect on leon supervisors across the country he email sancho i just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that some of us are grateful for your dedication to election security even if the state of florida can't bring themselves to thank you in my mind wagon read it you are a real hero in florida says for a grim real hero's just catch held this is new right the risk of rung this is five sixty two eight big meal it's been a bork this weekend on access i was George Michael you were busted over the weekend for drug possession right what kind of shape were you in and what kind of drugs the cops wanted to bring you down to the station what did you say to them so in a sense are guilty anything else you want to say no thanks i don't swing that way thanks for the interview got to go okay i'll have another 12 to 13 minutes until i took a pregame and with a b-circane warm-up gold kines baby ever we were in pregame my arms crossed and my arms crossed and i'm star crossed and star jones always to hear this bird flu hits weasel like anum limb brillin okay as a life that i've read it the age five and one bird flu virus has been found in a stone martin a german laboratory said yeah today and became the diseases spread with other species of mammal although see once we get to the end of the story they just tried desperately to get everybody into a panic first of all this age five one in bird flu virus fit around for 10 years there has never once there's not one single record a case of human to human transmission so as if you don't eat disease birds you're probably going to be okay for the time being the fried-bick wolfler institute confirmed the president of i was in the martin a weasel like animal found in the island of rugen in order to remain a mart second rugen is that like a rogan okay animal sick in a pair of low-dats where you don't know your infing like you better get with it man a rogan by the way means smoking does it yes i don't know what that requires to the animal sick in a fairly dying was found there the widow fairy area of the island to fairy wear cats and birds have been found with the disease it was then killed by government veterinarian institute said that discovered last month that the virus had passed from wild birds to cats on arugin race concerns about the disease ability to spread infected cats have also been found in austria all of i wonder what John's your things about that i hope goosey step all the way up in the alps the presence of an age eight five and one infection the second and i made him species not surprising till a back house the regional minister bread culture sent cats and martins have a comparable praise spectrum cats are believe who caught the virus by eating infected birds so the martin made a bad bird feed a bad bird you're gonna probably die okay okay real sick and probably die oh speaking of dying i i don't know about you but i'm getting really really tired of very very wealthy millionaire and veterinarist sports owners threatened we're leaving we're packing over oh my god cia go buy i'm trying to think of what across the camera i was telling you that a how much it cost to build a skydome here in terronome many years ago i think it was 600 million i'm already sure what it was several hundred million it would the state of the soldier rager's cable rager's wireless for that's why it's the rager sent an out which is a horrible i wasn't just been the rager skydome but anyway off for twenty five million and that was public money that they used talk about a rape of the public and of course it turned out to be a white hearing nobody wanted it so now they sell it for twenty five million the senate only official trying to lure the marlins presented the team of the proposal yesterday indicating as much as two million dollars in public tax dollars could be raised for a ballpark and a two page marlins next our county judge Nelson wolf said two hundred and forty million could be generated if county of voters approved extending the hotel and metal cart taxes that were raised to pay for the 18th center for the senate only was spurs if voters approved it of that forty million would be reserved for improvements to the 18th center and by the beat for the book about again just all are doing is they're like they're trolling out there like a bunch of old trolls that's what they're doing anybody want to give us a stadium anybody yeah and they're like trying to use it as leverage you follow what I'm saying or yeah and I think about just court is don't have that deal anymore all although I will say this from a selfish man for like yesterday I mean wouldn't you been upset if we didn't have the marlins yesterday I would have been yeah not because we care about the freaking marlins are baseball in general because we get some early days off again because of the marlins but if you're leaving see a that's all that's my attitude I just don't give a crap about it same with the panther say when all these sports franchise enough already you don't want to live in a market that doesn't have baseball I'll tell you that right now I don't well that's what somebody you used to tell us oh don't don't though her you vehemently and vociferously day after day after day you don't want to live in a market who did more for this can be the marlins and the arrojas Iran or is that Iran as fast as I can Iran threatened the US with harman paying yesterday for its role in hauling terrain before the US and community council over its nuclear program and I was reading an article I don't know whether I put it on a website or not about poking the hornets like some great philosopher said a few years ago right and that's exactly what it was talking about how we've stood up this whole thing in the Middle East now and if there may be like this gigantic massive war there would never take in place of will not have been for the invasion of iranic and other dealing with iran of course it's part of the action to be evil but the US and its European ally said iran's nuclear in transit instead of the world no choice but to ask for security council action the council could oppose economic and political sanctions on iran as fast as I can thank god that our good friends like the packies and others in the southeast thank god that's not to spread nuclear technology around right or these really well these rarelys of course they say they can have as many as they want right good thing they're not selling the secrets to our enemy china oh sorry they're right that or North Korea or they the statements were delivered to the 35 member board of the international and time the i a a a which is meeting the focus on commands refusal to freeze your any management the meeting isn't in fact the last stepping for the security council begins considering your runs nuclear activities and international fears that could be misused to make weapons they can't have them like as we said so your mama two women who said two u.s marine corporate court is forced and have sex after they expressed interest in joining the force suit over incidents the incidents on Wednesday yesterday the lawsuit names the marine corps the navy marine corps common don general Michael hagy secretary the navy Donald Witter and the two re uh recruiters is defendants it seeks an injunction forcing the marine to properly train recruiters as well as monetary damages the women who were 17 year old high school students and really hot at the time of the incident last year alleged that recruiters sergeant Joseph Dunzweller and sergeant Brian Fukushima told them they would have to submit sexually to join the marines oh i wasn't that part of the marine uh make the guys do it right what a girl two things first you have to say and then submit sexually whether you're mayor or female right grab those ankles they complain ledgers that Dunzweller raped though on three seven occasions with the kai in the u. kai recruiting office each time teller that she had a sex with him if you want to join the marines it's pretty very vocal and my I mean she really that stupid huh is she that dumb was he wanted to join the marines no or maybe she just maybe used cute one of the women said she was a virgin who contracted a sexually transmitted disease in the encounter all boy among other injuries trying to sort of rape raped it into doose course and pressure in the sexual intercourse against their will the lawsuit asked for an injunction to force the marine corps to provide more comprehensive training to recruiters and better protections to women. Lee Roy Donald Johnson was caught this week in the nabar with his pants down literally accordingly sheriff's office this is in masonry risona you caught me I tried to f your sheep johnson told his neighbor according to report yeah got a picture of Lee Roy out here good old boy but the mason far department deputy fire chief changed his story when a sheriff's deputy robber on his doorstep mentally denying anything happened he was jail he's 52 who's caught on suspicion disorderly conduct and criminal trespassing after the neighborhood of the investigation he found johnson unzipped and holding a sheep down on its side well he's probably just shaving the law make me make some woolen the sock he goes huh wanted to let us sweater that could be it one curled to 25 past the hour beat four is gone mad madness and march all this month at beats four they just missed having a record month last month they've played a break at this month they're going to break all records right now extended camp 4 150s of his lowest 249 a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro print 39 monthly's madness and martyred beats four it means you must be mad you gotta be nuts not to take advantage of rebates and discounts about to $10,000 dollars and all new new news vehicles if you're not in the market for new car but no somebody who is be sure and cinnamon to be four because if they take delivery during march beat four will send you to a bucks and cash and then money comes from their advertising budget so won't check up your friends price don't miss out on this once you're event beat four is madness in march extended camp 4 150s as low as just 2409 a month discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and two out of our sketches for returning and returning a return for your friend hurry on in beat four two miles east of the building lays on 163 feet in West Texas highway tell Paul that kneels out of his mind you'll love your beat four experience I quote on t this is Neil Rogers this is five six eight six