So 30 years later, 8 to 2 in Tampa, no lies. What was the number of these smoke and? I think 30 years later, thanks to the beast by the way for your facts. Thanks. By the way, I have the solutions to the Panthers. They should take 16 days off and then come back and play again. Okay, it sounds good to me. It's like a fresh horse. Think the least can take 16 weeks off and come back and play again. One of my can't difference. It's like a fresh horse, you know? Some horse also got a hockey talk, okay. That would not be a good way to start my 30th anniversary yet. You started it. And how I did? The first horse was out of your mouth. We're 8 to 2 out of Tampa. Yeah. Yeah. But they had to do with hockey. Oh, you were talking about something else? I was talking about the odds of the dog track. Oh. That's the low-pandbidowin? Yes. It's a nice track. Oh, it's not a nice track. The St. Pete Derby Lane was a nice track. Tampa is a nice, I've been over there. I have two. A Steinbrainer since Steinbrainer bought it. It's very nice. Do I have the dog track? Yeah. I went over there. I went over there to watch a single casting when I was there covering some football games. I went there to watch some breer's couple on here. It was pretty good. Derby Lane was really something. Yeah. I remember that one too. And flagrant? Yeah. All these places, rest in peace. Flagler's still open. Here comes the bunny and there goes, uh, yeah. Flagler's still open. The hot weather was still open. Parents is out of town. He's busy doing, uh, you went basketball again tonight. We got you, women, Maryland. So he's up there in, uh, where would hell that is? Yeah. Well, college park. Mm-hmm. Good place for him. So what are you going to do for your anniversary? Absolutely nothing. What do you mean nothing? Tomorrow I'm going to celebrate by taking off the 1250. Oh, it's a baseball in the game. Next Wednesday, next Wednesday at 1250. Thirty years ago. They ought to best not. Thirty years ago. Do you ever think you'd be doing like in the two-hour show? Because you were going to leave for a- Who the hell is talking? Look at who he's talking. This guy does three hours every day on days when he shows up. And then he used to be on air 4 to 630, 2.5 hours scammed. You should have never let that thing go. No matter for love or money. Uh, money. 4 to 6 theory boy. What does he love? Put the money. Yeah, look at that 4 to 630 tomorrow, man. This has got, uh, your scammed because the Panthers are not your all-or-plan. Yep. And then he's got 4 to 630 on Friday because it's a Panthers and he hurricanes of that should be really ugly. So then he ain't all of you never know. You're last night, maybe they're on a verge of greatness. You want to talk hockey on your anniversary? No, I sure don't. There you go again. You want to see the faxes and the telegrams? Oh my god, you would be just, you just plus. Is that present? Is the president going to call their insurance? See, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. What is this pretty impressive after 3 years? 7, 7 faxes this morning. Let's hear it. Oh, right. After 30 years, man, they're lined up at my door here. They're all away out there on Young Street. Fantastic. That's 1 to every 4 and a half years. Yeah. The love. Can't you feel the love in the warm from South Florida? Remember the song that warms of the sun by the beach boys? Yes. Well, warms up the atmosphere in South Florida but not the people. That's a difference. Well, this cold is a giant, rickabice. I'm sure you remember the days when the ice man used to bring the, he had the big pair of tons. Yep. And he said that big block of ice that they were using the freezer for the days of the modern refrigerators. Yeah, the milk man would show up in the ice man. Paper boy. And the paper boy. That's right. Well, paper boy still shows up. I don't know who the paper boy generally is. It's like a 40 year old guy now. And what a shame that I guess I can't sell the wrong paper because I can't sell the Harold at the house quite some time ago. And the Sun sent me'll still shows up. Now the only reason Kevin back to wrote that. And I want some on grateful because he wrote a nice piece. Is that deaf called him? Yeah. So the Sun sent me'll wrote nothing. You're good buddy, Jika. You know, there's a thing about people being little not only in Statue. There are some short people like Napoleon who is small in Statue but big in terms of his impact on the world. But there are people who are small physically and also in other ways as well like Tom Jika. Just just being a small person. Just like how to spite. You know, I mean he wrote a big thing on the 20th anniversary in the 25th anniversary. Well, of course, about there. Not turned man. Which is the title of our CD that we're peddling out for abandoned Pet Rescue. That, you know, that would seem to me that would be pretty significant. But not in the Sun Sentinel. There isn't one word. Not in the Nary a word. Positive, negative, friendly, hostile. Logistics, nor that old queen. That's all. Just to tell them. And you know what's held with them. So in your 30 year. So I'm still waiting for you to throw jiggle. But in fact, maybe that's what I've seen him. I haven't, I haven't, you know, been going out to call him. He hasn't come to the local scene. You know, he was, he was easy to important for that. And I write a book pieces about network TV shows that'll be canceled about 10 minutes. Haven't seen him, huh? Not lately. Mount. Maybe that's a good sign. So my question for you is, yes, 30 years. Yeah. Best ice visit live end by the way. You rescued me from that shopping center in U.M. Arizona. And it's a true story. I was going to say, I was going to start a job in U.M. Arizona. Oh, yeah, you turned back. And I called my mother. She said, sit live in this call from WKAT. Once it talked to you, he thinks he wants to hire you. You know, so I turned around and drove all the way back. I was thinking about you yesterday and said, and in the days when you started there, you know, a sit was the first one to put sports talk on the air, too. Well, that's unfortunate. He had sunny her. Right. His Myers and Luther Evans. Oh, Luther Evans did the horse racing thing, Western peace. But Luther had a talk show on Sunday nights. That's correct. So those were the first sports talk shows that. And we had art Smith was the engineer. I'm just talking about all the dead people I can. And LeVeur was the receptionist. And Luke Russell and Jim Altman were the morning. What was the name of that show? Did they have a name? I forget. Try to remember the guy who used to be the sports visitor. Pretty sure Jim Altman is dead. I don't know. Howard Primer was there waiting to get fired. I just want to go through that story again. That's a great story. How'd you like to be programmed to record Howard? Ha ha ha ha ha. That was great. And then I guess I don't have to ask you this question. What about fuel free? No, the best program or the best radio guy you ever worked for. And I guess you would probably, you had a good chance. You would be cast for without a question. I mean, Sid was very nice to me to give me my start. And he's a good guy. But he, I wouldn't say Sid was necessarily a radio guy. And he was, of course, he was a politician. He was on the Dave Commission back then. Oh yeah. Hey, he was, he was in the Graham administration. He was a second or eight. He was a political guy. That's right. In fact, I had a, this is bizarre. I had my first boss in a market. Sid living as a guest on my show at WS News because at that point he was working for, was it, Florida Plunderwood, Louder or he was either there. Yeah, he worked there. No, I don't think so. I think he was working for the estate for Bob Graham. I don't remember. But he has all the jobs. He's a guest on my show. Yep. How's that? Yeah, Dick Casper was, of course, Tom Zick, was too lazy to write about Dick Casper, too. Tom, you're just a nothing man. You're pathetic. You just said, you built a lot. That's your claim to fame. You built on your, a lot of you, tell me on all those shows. You know, and then every now and then he goes on Mr. Ego show. And he would sit around with me and ask, Hey, that's great. Just call this pronounced the name right Tom. You jackass. What a joke. He goes on that show. Yeah. Oh yeah. I guess five reports. From the limited number of people that might be listening. Yeah, Tom Zicka. Good close personal friend. I know he comes on Eddie show. He, he'll go on anybody show. No, he fills in on it. He show. He doesn't come on the show. He fills in way he's not around. He fills in. That's why he's terrified to like say anything about Greg Reader. I have anything with this station. Because he has one who's that gig. Oh, I'm sure it's a very important gig. You're a weak sister, Tom. Well, it gives him a little extra gambling money. You know, for those times when you and he are out there, she wasn't at the call. So, you know, you want to say nice things on your 30th anniversary, you know. You mean by that? You know, it's a savage seven nice thing about finding that. You're, I think, 10 of us. So, if anybody had mentioned, I said, Tom, I said something nice about Gary Lawrence at the, Diane Z, who, you know, helped to get me on Zeta. Okay. I see no, you're saying a lot of people. You're saying, don't get aggravated. I'm not the least that aggravated. Believe me, I'm, I'm the son of Sean and here it's cold as hell, but it's sunny and beautiful. There's no snow on the ground. There's not one bit of snow. And it's, you know, the first of March already. We sure dodged winter up here this year. I'll tell you that. Basically, there wasn't any. It's not always shines on you. Yeah, sure does. Yeah, Dick Castro was great. And then we had the course Greg Reed. That's another story. We sure measure Greg and of course the water not see even now. How are you going to survive without that? Don't mess with my log. Yeah, if there was one word I could think about the environment, and that place would be pleasant. Pleasant. Don't, after it might be my log. Don't, after it might be my log. He's a real piece of work. And of course, go in. And you know, this is even always jugs on by the people they surrounding themselves with. And you look at Greg Reed and the misfits that he's surrounding himself with and you know, spoke for itself. It's, it's folks like, Spokes on a bicycle wheel. We just say to Joe is taking care of all the family business. No, I wouldn't say that. I say, you got a good start. He's off to a really good start. But he's got a lot of fish still to fry man. There's a lot of, a lot of business to take care of, including your junior program director who now is trying to play a book boss now. Oh, don't play that bit. I think it's all about a top. I think it's not fit for air. And he's pretending to be like a real program director, not because he knows that he may be next. And if Joe has got any smarts, he should be next because he's he's a program director like my little dog was in a hard surgeon. You know, it's just ridiculous on the face of it. And the vision, which he's not even there again because he's doing another two or three day sabbatical to broadcast them silly as you and basketball game. How many people do you think listen to you and basketball? Oh, tonight's huge. Big game. Yeah. Yeah. No. I was going to be more generous. I'm going to be a more generous man. One for every year you've been on. Yeah, that's right. Just like in fact, that's my goal today is to get 30 fashes. I got seven. That would be one for each year. Even if they're hostile facts, I don't care about that. You know, that fat boy came in this morning and sucked up, which was so insincere was pathetic. You know, Jeff, I came in there. Those kids are all. Except for Brian's months and Sarah. Brian's a good guy. Yeah. Well, there's one. And Beth. She just got here. Yeah, I know that. And Clara wants to apologize again for the foul language he used when she came in her Monday. Clans? Yeah. Why would he do that? He's going to tell you about it. So we don't want to talk about the whole story. We don't have to do the whole story. All right. It was on the day. It was your day. You're not around in here. My day, my ass. Get on in here. Oh, you're a big day. That's right. Big fat, 10 to a day is what it is. It's just like my ass. Same old soft food or craft man. I tell you, when they can't complain about the warmth and the tenderness and the feeling and the love. Like, more would say, where is the love? Where is the love? And remember that day? Where is the love? You know, we're deciding to show them all. Yeah. Oh, I will say this. I'm how we're managing to fumble our way along without him. You know, he gets it. What is he going to say? What are they going to talk about? What I'm going? Well, he's gone. We're still talking. I'll tell you about him. Yeah. I'm surprised he hasn't seen me. I noticed yet. Although he's busy voting on my poll about let's see. Ponder is enough already. I'm high 30 years. Ponder is enough. Or maybe voted for stale 15 times. What's your poll? The poll is what best described Neil's 30 years on your Miami and about different words or slogans. You know, and I put some negative ones on there. Obviously for the now content. So we're still listening, of course. But, you know, like, pondress and stuff already and stale. Those are the two really aggravating. Aggravating. Aggravings will go on. But there's about 5% on here that are negative and that's fine. There's still listening right now. Just like the schmuck that, uh, thanks me yesterday about how old you so sorry to have met on serious because of how where it's stirring is on, you know. And you notice during students got another 50 million dollar fee, probably see another CBS is suing him. Yeah. And so students back on a front page of everything. And so the Sun sent us all over Stirnlight, which was not even on the market, by the way. Unless you got the serious thing. Thanks a lot to the Sun sent a low care. I hope that all, I hope you're building crashes. Hope somebody puts a big bomb right in the middle of your newsroom. Not that I take it personally, understand. Well listen, have a great day. You too. Enjoy your anniversary. Give a sit a little bit of a big kiss on the lips. Next time you guys have lunch. Yeah, I'm talking to sitting on the whiteboard. Wait, what one else here was for me. Thanks. I said that. Okay. Tell me you call the cats and times still listening and that big girl. Listening, room and a sky. Ask the money on it. Hey, have a great day. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank! Thank you. hello. Ch 보는. Hi. Hi. Ojai. Hi. I hate to crow. I hate to crow. Hey. And he was my cats. I see him around. We sell trash in thefinational hall. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. You've got to be here. I have a great body. Hey, Sam, I'd buy it all the time. I'll have a tiny, nice, you feel it, and keep you. Something's a breeze is walking from Papa's old wafi. 10-14, happy anniversary to me. Thank you so much. Maybe I'll send myself a few facts. I've got to be here. I've got to be here. Okay. That's the only way I'll get to 30 on your and to you then. Hey, attention, man. If you have a hair loss problem or if you're currently wearing a hair system, you better listen to this very carefully. Put your ear right up to the speaker. Charles Alpheary has been supplying a design of hair systems for showbiz people, politicians, and more importantly, every day, schmucks like you for over 40 years. And most people say you can always spot a hair system while those people are talking about the bad ones. It was mostly looking muskwads. How many good hair systems go on? Just because they look like real hair. Like it's grown out of your scalp. Charles Alpheary hair systems are completely natural. Does I'm just the right amount of hair in the proper recessions? Run your hands to it. Grab it. Squeeze it. It looks in feels just like your own hair. And for just $99 now, Charles will custom design a hair system for you. And you've got nothing to lose with that shiny ugly bald spot to make sure you look about 10-20 years older. You try the system for a couple of weeks. If you're happy with the way it looks in feels and smells, if you get an already action, you could possibly handle it. It's yours for just an additional 500 bucks. And Charlie is so confident that you will be satisfied. He offers you the following guarantee. If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it and Charlie will give you back the 99 bucks. So like I said, you got nothing to lose with that bald spot. I don't know if you have to be crazy to refuse. Call Charlie today is studios in Fort Blubbered, I'll make an appointment for you. He will bring your answer in there. See you down and show you how much better and younger. He can make you look. Call tool free. 1-800-321-2413. Forget about the pills in the muskwads and the blood oozing down your forehead. This is the way to get the great look and hit a hair you want. 1-800-321-2413. Or on the wicked web, trails alphiary.com. This is meal rangers. This is 516-815. Yeah. 1-800-413. I can tell you who I am. Who? Sorry. I can tell you who I am. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. And go, that's all she makes me. I don't know if it's out of the lack of truth with this thing. And hit a perfect gold blood, this fat. And only by the failure he failure attack. Hey. Hey. Hey. So, the handling is bad guy. She know how to make the gold blood. That fat she put it down. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Jeff Heiz, like the big fat cat that just woke away, you keep picking it up and heaving it against the wall and just trying to give it the hip like it out of here. All right. Open the door. Kick it. And stop. And it just keeps coming back for more. Yeah. Rubbing up against your leg. 119 votes on yesterday's poll. People in South Florida are rude and hostile. 575. Absolutely. Dom is dirt. 209. Mostly. Okay. 134. But awful lot of negativity. They're let's see. 6475%. I hate this poll 74. The best people in South Florida. The best 16. Friendly. 10. And geek. Two. 10 friendly people. I guess we just had met most of me. Right. That's the way. Well, we have a lot of people that want to be our friends. You know that crowd. Let's say, let me give to these fangs. I'll argue. I should mention our goal is a thousand votes on the poll. I think we can make it. They're in the show. What? They were already there. I know. We have a thousand 14. Well, I put this on there about five things to clock last night. Because number one, the other polls suck. They didn't like it. And number two, I figure why not give myself a little pet on the else. Which best. The what best described meals 30 years on a year in Miami? 321. And thanks to the guy to call him before the other the show. Because he came up with. On. That's number one. I love a vote for that's real feather in his grab. 221 votes entertaining 309. The pulse of South Florida 68. A real midsda 59. I voted for that only because I understand what it means. Fun 59. I'll let the pens on who's. Who's. I believe. A miracle 45 informative 45. I see that's not good. That doesn't vote well for your concept. The reading of these stupid bedtime series informative five. They don't want to learn. They just want a few. I'm telling you. Yuck is the word. The masses are asses. Baby, this one. I yuck it up. So don't. F it up. Rounds with yuck. Provocative 38. Ponderous enough already 37. And not fall ready. Still. Let's say it just hand you again 38 for that 15 for stale. So there's 5.1 percent. What did I say? 5 percent. The naysayers and eggaturators. I put that on there for as a roosting place for them to go. And you can be sure that every one of those people are including. They're listening right now. Have a great day. Moll. A cindulating 11. Lucky 5. And aggravating 2. I think the lucky parts should probably have more. I don't know how lucky I am now. Look what I'm surrounded with. Now the sales department from hell. All the way like Brian Schmutz being back. That's a good step at a right direction. Uh-huh. And we got a program director. His busy up to when the UN basketball game. The hurricane just go to basket. I don't think that's a kind of basket he's looking for. Anyway, here's the fastest we got so far. Congratulations spelled very interestingly with a D. And you recognize the, you're, the passing part of this is, we recognize the, um, printing. Sure. Chronic here have been listening since you moved the QA and we've been addicted all this time. Although you enjoyed your truly strangest dudes I've ever seen with the worst taste and food in music. Nobody does a show better. Look forward next to yours. What do you mean two years? What about three? I mean he's playing a check-in-out in the bot. He's about three. Yeah, yeah. Worst taste now music is subjective. We can argue about that. But we have bad taste and food. I have great bad taste. I have bad taste. Who on on me? Since when is that? Good. Golly Miss Molly. Bad taste and food, my ass. But anyway, thank you so much. Here's one that says Neil God happy 30 from your bush loving. Demi heckling. Not see. Neil Con. Gun by the hypocritical pro war. Pro death. Pro savage. Pro of the new hate. I'm assuming that means Michael Sanford. You said bombs savage. Uh-huh. As always, I remain your lawyer listener firmly seated just to the right of Genghis Khan spelled wrong and he'd die. Don't know what I do without you. You theory. Next to it. It says King Ghis Khan. The need to mention that Eddie Cobb was the driver. Here's one that says, just want to say thanks for their last bit. Jingle's newest graphic weather for half of my life. Over half of my life. I started listening to you in WK 18 and followed your show since. Before the internet side would take your shows. Send them to people, uh, living out of state. Who couldn't hear it. They couldn't get enough as well. Now that I'm living at Orlando, I can't listen to where I work on line. Continue to enjoy your stick. Oh, I can listen to that. We're asking. Uh, another the sucking thanks again for making this laugh all all these years. May you're good my sheen always pay off. May your horses always win. They never have to come back to South Florida. Or let's underline that last part over and over again. Never have to come back to South Florida. Sound Larry. Thanks, Larry. P.S. And the end of voice. Anything for free. You're gonna land. Anything for free. Neil. We haven't given anything away on the air long time. Let's not over. Our anniversary. They lot not do it again. Good. Now I'm not given nothing away on the air. Come on Neil. How about that chinless list? You said you don't want it. Send this to the chinless list. Y'all send you a list. Let's see. Got a couple more in and we'll. I will actually we will take some calls today because I'm sure they're going to be really special. Right. You don't want to avoid this outpouring. No, of course not. There's look at there. There's already two of them flashing on there. I'll ready. That's one for every 15 years. 26 after 10. In fact, y'all something if I were to take them one cover 15 years I think I'd be ahead of the game. If you're hungry, I mean really hungry right now is time to head to John the Baker. In fact, it's not too early to start thinking about lunch. Two locations for unpensive or rather home depot set or just west of Flamingo or the Brad New John the Baker at the Stirling Town Center, Historian Pinell and Rodin Cooper City. Just imagine sausage and peppers delicious fresh just tons of it. Chicken parmesan baked zebra lasagna hot and steaming right in front of your posts and no forget John the Baker's real famous big. gigantic garlic rolls. They are not only good but there is big as your head. John shins your to try just about everything on him and you from the fantastic sloppy sausage sub to the gold rolls spaghetti and meatballs. One of the great parts about John the Baker is that who use that sausage that's got that special ingredient that makes you run to the imager crew every five minutes. And as far as the pieces concerned just ask anybody who's ever been to John the Baker's. They'll take us to the best in town. It's outstanding. So bring the whole family very low affordable prices are called head for take up in Pemper Pines called nine five four four three one forty three fifteen or Cooper City nine five four two five two all all nine one. John the Baker always huge portions always the best fresh Italian food. It doesn't get no better than John the Baker. This is the real Rodin. This is five sixteen two eight. That's a good. Is it done or a leave or does it involve your behind? Structureman thinks that only days do this. You found most states have lost. You could be jailed or they are fine. The city now must pick which order this. I come closer to me. Be the hopeful could be right. Archbath for a bend in means. Oh, God of me. The front door so bad side. Just go and ask to can a deep. If long as my days isn't the Senate, you're out of seed. People without health care fool's laughing livelihood. The way they act is really what is new. Well, there's no Mr. Model Specter. And hold it by a pack of wood. No matter where you stick it, we get screwed. Look about me. The fence also snipe. There's hunger drugs and crime God knows. Oh God! About me. There's baby dog mankind. With earrings on through their shears. Oh! Oh! Oh! Boy, I met by protest in India. Oh, right. There were the Indian people said, Hubman, Dred. That, of course, speaking of that, did I just play into this a reason for it. While Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, soft in his stance on extending a decency legislation to cable and satellite, a pair of his colleagues are picking up where you left off. They pick up the ball. They pick up the baton. And of course, to show you that both parties suck. I mean, you can take the Democrats and Republicans and it's just all the same garbage. Swill, a bunch of panders. A bill teed up by Senator's J. Rockefeller, Democrat of West Virginia, who I used to think was a rational guy, and came mainly a hutschist in a real red neck from Texas. But not always to get cable and satellite to indecency rules, but also authorized the FCC to regulate violence and TV programming. You ready for this? I told you it was coming. Yeah. And then of course after that, it'll be satellite radio. That'll be the next thing. So how are you? I'm going to ask you to get through with your thing with CBS, which I have a lot to say about that. In this case, I have to agree with Stern. I mean, CBS is for a crap. They couldn't take it in mafia. Any time they wanted to, and now they're just looking at wounds, and they're all upset because they got nobody to put on the air in their CBS. They're waiting for their way down, and their revenue is way, way down. So once he started promoting serious on the air, if they really were serious, they should have just taken them off the air. They couldn't attend they wanted. But no. Or they could have gotten their injunction against him. He didn't even talk about it. Right. But no, because they want to continue squeezing the sponge and bleeding as much money out of Stern as they could. Anyway, we'll get to that. Hey, Bruce, from Cooper City, your facts is eligible. Resend it. Now, reset it, Bruce, and what kind of an aim is that anyway, huh? Yeah. Let's see, more facts is that. Well, let me just get this out of the way. The bill would additionally increase the maximum fine for a single indecency incident or violent content to $500,000. It's up to $100,000 to $100,000 to a capital $3 million. The MCC would be given latitude to double fines for a grigious cases such as incidents in which the offensive material had been scripted in advance and reduced fines when appropriate for small and local-wheel and broadcasters. In addition to first amendment concerns, the bill could also encounter resistance for adding TV violence to the MCC's per view. And the co-zhon about, they want to do this. They want to do that. They want to beat Bittibu Prach. It's just a same old grant. Sensor, sensor, sensor, sensor, and it makes no difference whether it's Democrats or Republicans. They're all on, nobody's in the smart man. Everybody wants to sensor. To help with a first amendment on all these other things. By the way, as far as the poor steel is concerned, I know a lot of you are very whipped up into a frenzy about it. And you can get whipped up on you want like Lou Dams, but the fact that the matter is that tomorrow the deal becomes final. Right? The deal goes through tomorrow. And, of course, the 45-day dog and pony show that to put on a pacifier, everybody in Kamala history, a down. That is meaningless because even at the end of the 45-day they found out that the jeopardizes national security and that it's much of terrorists are going to be waiting in their report in America. It doesn't make any difference because the deal acted tomorrow is a done deal legally. It goes through. In other words, there ain't no turn in back now. Like, corneedous brothers and sister Rose would say it's too late to turn back now. So good. And of course, Bush only found out about a couple days before all the furer started. The furer. But then he says, oh, he's going to exercise this fur veto if they try to block it. What does that tell you? Lyriliner, your things on fire and India, they say a hub and beard. Facts are rich, says, and that there's puny of his brothers and sister Rose. Just could he actually be. I know. That was really something yesterday. Spiders and six, but Jim Stanford. That was ex-dispectral. I like to accept it. Here's the fact that says, happy 30-thier old humpback you. I'm not sure we can say that humpback. Can we say humpback? I can say, bang. We certainly can't say S-bag. I'll say Clarence, a textman. Yes, Ben Tarantz, an email and see if we get approval from our Junior program directors up there about St. basketballs in Maryland somewhere. What a jackass. Have been a lawyer, listener for 10 years, myself. That's how long I've been swimming with. Tepad Cesspool of humanity called South Florida. 30 more years have funneled these three of my friend. Oh, God. 30 more years. Sure. Neil, I'm old. I've heard them all in your the best. Happy 30th, I hope you were here for many, many more. You're oldie, moldy friend. I'll lie to you, wherever that is. Oldie, moldy friend from the everlasting covenant church, this Vax comes. How do you like that? A church person. We did it from the church lady. Think? Right. Here's what it says from Jack. Happy anniversary Neil, but listening since 86. How long has George been with you? 14 or 15 years? 15. 15 years? At home? We couldn't have done it without George. Man, he is something. He's one of a kind. Of course. Yeah. Well, is it true that you buy George a new car over here? No, I don't buy him. No, I actually do pay for George's car payments. I have to talk about that. Yeah, the best of what you do is stay well, Jack. I don't find a new car over here, but I do pay his car payments. I have no idea why. I just got, I just, I don't know. Well, I know how that happened. Because you said the trade deal from Kendall Toyota. Remember what? Yes, I did. And I used to get the car and I give it to George because I already had like 15 cars. And I gave him. And then of course, Kendall Toyota canceled because Wayne bought Kendall Toyota. And actually, once he found out that I was doing a response, that was the end of our relationship with Kendall Toyota. And Mark Jacobson and his awful TV shows. So that's how that came about. And please do it. With the rest of the big bucks that George had made. And of course, Josh Curtis, whose unsung hero who just, I get screwed over, how's that deal coming? I'm sorry I asked. But the check is in a mail. Sweet. Yeah, there you go. Oh, I should mention this little promo for our son, our website. Nice job, Eric. Man, did you look at that thing? That thing looks like you did. That thing. We look nice on our website. There is a reason to go there. We science voting for now. How come that phone keeps ringing? Okay, ring already once. And I'm not here. Okay. It means the book of Brian Disco downstairs. Or should go get it and play that thing a few times. We can vote on whether we should play it or not. But I do. Let's see. It says happy 30th anniversary. Neil and there's the cover of I'm stopped on the hand of the average tender. Who's reaching from the grave. You better know your law is missed through the average tender. That's cute. And you can order on there the CDM of T-shirt and also we got fan hits today. Two of them. Yeah. Aren't you excited? Okay. We know in the two. Van number one will be at the southeast corner of Pines University and the Houders Park and lot with our merchandise. And then Van number two in the same hours. No, in the south west corner of 27th Avenue. S1 and Miami at the Shell gas station. CD is in commemorative T-shirts. Twenty bucks a piece benefit. The band in Pervescu and Fort Lauderdale. The band's a bit of locations noon to two. Oh, it says we'll be calling Josh with dollar amounts after every spot break. Well, that's exciting. That'll be a nice change from the way it used to be. Remember, kind of got to like, well, everything that we had since the Vans that we never got any more information on them. Oh, I'll have to see if it happens. In other words, you're a little skeptical. Oh, I'm sorry. You haven't. We have Vaz. I see. Happy 30th of the, from a semi chronic vaccine in the last week when college that speaks very well for your less frequent caller. Good. Appreciate it. Happy anniversary. Hello, Neil. I'm Azal Taufe. You had a big thanks for the last and anti bush league. Joves. Thanks for guiding light updates. By the way, what do they do under that show? All the actors and actresses are leaving. We're stuck with Olivia and Buzz and Frank. And of course with Alan and what's his name? Dying. Oh, my God. Just they've ruined that show. When I miss our show, it says. And then it says. Oh, Chris, you're in Francis. It's 30 years you bastard. It says. And a guy in light is done with the story of people at CBS have a death wish. Maybe that's why they sued Howard Stern. Idiots. Here's one. It says, thank you for the years, Neil God. Happy 30th of the year. We enjoy your show at work. It helps us get a show today. We hope for many more of the gang at supercharger. PS. This guy at work keeps asking, I mean, to request to beat you to wild back about a guy's deck. Oh, yeah, deck. Oh, yeah. Hold your right. Be on the CD. Is it? Let me check. All right. So I try to put that kind of thing on. Can't play that on the air in no more. Yes, back 48. There you go. By the CD. You have to pack like a waste of your time. We're going to go to our CDs. That whole bunch more of these. We do. We will take a whole bunch of calls. The least like maybe two or three. You kind of curious why they called twice there. Maybe they're two. This show up downstairs. Or maybe the big check from the beeslee. Let's see. 10,000 for every year of the whole. If you have a grand, right? So I'll write them in advance for the huge nice bonus for my 30th anniversary. Because I'm sure the beeslee came up with something really special. Other than of course that cheap as idea of putting up the 10 grand of print the CDs that they want to take back from their proceeds. That's really cheap. That is even for them. That's above and beyond the call of duty. Do you say? Yeah. That's your comment. It's only a multimillion dollar company on the stock exchange. 10, 41, it finds 60. If you're older, there's Anderson Cooper. You're fairie. Beats Ford is gone mad. It's March Madness all this month at Beats Ford. They just missed having a record month last month. So they planned to break that record this month. Right now I've standard camp 4 150s. I was lowest 249 a month with 995 bucks. Down plus fees with a fruit credit and 39 monthly. March Madness at Beats Ford means you must be mad. If you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles. If you're not in the market for new carbon, no somebody who is send them into Beats Ford. If they take delivery in March, Beats Ford will send you 200 bucks just for sending them. That money comes from Beats Ford's advertising budget. So one effect your friend's price. The only problem is once you're a vent stop it until Paul that deals such a buy at Beats Ford and take advantage of their March Madness. Extended camp 4, F-150s as low as 249 bucks a month. Discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks for referring to a friend. What's not to like? Hurray in Beats Ford is located 2 miles east of the Golden Glaze on 160 third street. And prestigious West-Lixie Highway. You're a love, you're Beats Ford experience. This is Neal Rogers. This is 5.62. I stand in front of you now. Two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner. But Neal, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. That's the truth. Hope John Paul is going. I just read. Keep in hanging on my friend. When they found him in bed. Dates all the Catholics said they all said. 5, Paul. 6, 7, 5, Paul. They said why did you have to go? 5, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 6, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 8, Paul. 8, Paul. 8, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 7, Paul. 8, Paul. I call them things, which the pervigate, they're same Peter, wait, there's your final in words. Poor old pontiff now, the ship is up for a pontiff now. The ship is up for a pontiff now, the ship is up for a pontiff now. The ship is up for a pontiff. A good sign. 1047, a QM, so here's Bruce, who is not gay, he says in Cooper City. He says, happy 30 if I'm one of your few left over listeners from the Howard Stern experience. How does he know that? That he's one of the few. That's a good probably right, he's probably right. I found your show in Stilis, and even after QM dropped Howard, I enjoyed listening to Howard for not over 20 years, but I refuse to pay a listen about Lesbians. I really love you, show you, funny entertains, as Bruce and Cooper City was not gay. We believe it was, changing in. Okay, taking a stern, here's that story. Which I'm sure everybody by now knows, because he's going to another $80 million speed publicity from it. He's just amazing, you know? I'm talking about his show, I'm just talking about the ability. Here it is, 30 years on the air in his market. I think only Rick Shaw has exceeded that record. I mean, it's not a big deal to me, but it's just, it just fell from a standpoint of survival in a brutal market. I mean, I, I just can't be getting to tell you how brutal it is. It's almost impossible for surviving his market. These people will chew you up and spit your ass out, and then the rest of you too. But the sense that it will decide this not worth one word, and if, like I said, if you've done what Nicole Kevin Bastard, they wouldn't have written a word either, because they hate me like poison in the phemies, mutual. And so, and that's it, that's what you got after 30 years. Nothing. Zero. You know, I mean, the faches are coming as very nice. Thank you so much. And the phone is ringing off the hook, and I'll get to it when I get around to it. But it's, it's just, it's pathetic. And here's a guy that every time he farts, the whole world has to know what flavor it is. He had for breakfast that morning, if he's taken a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, it a, a, a, a, solidly, it a, a, a, a, a, the, a, a, a, not a, the ratings of David Lee Roth, they have to have a magnifying glass to see? Not good. I'm offended. I really do think it's a personal vendetta. Lessons had it in for me for a long time. I don't deserve it. Stern told a news conference. A news conference. The New York Post reported loss it would seek $500 million from Stern to complete with the news of Supreme Court. I'd do like that. Share as a CBS by the way. It's all 1.3 percent. Hunt the New York Stock Exchange yesterday. And just that the day before on Monday, there was a very, very interesting article, which I wasn't going to bore you with. But, you know, from a radio standpoint, the fact that CBS is losing their ass on the CBS own stations that Stern used to be on because their numbers in the morning are way down and the revenue is way down. So now I guess they're trying to get their money back. They could have taken him off the year any time they wanted to. They could have gone to court and got an injunction to keep him from talking about series and promoting on here. Did they do these things? No. No, because they wanted luck. I said before they wanted to squeeze every dime out of the cash crowd that they possibly could be for they finally said, OK, that's by by. That's it. Am I right? That's all right. That's all right. That's all. That's all. That's all. Jerry and Venetis Springs, who's a regular chronic factor, but a good one is matter. Fact that's unusual. It's an unusual combination. Since I've been listening to you on and off for 22 years, the off-parts weren't due to the quality of the show and had to do with where I was living. I first found you in 84. I spent the winter and key largo. I found your show while surfing the FM dial. Later while visiting key largo, but in the Springs, I would search the AM and FM dials till I found your show. Later I lived in Tampa. Yes, I became a lasted or junkie when it came to WFLA. Then you started your summer cast in WSU and I couldn't believe it was unbelievable. Unbelievable. It was a sad day for me when you were no longer on in Tampa. It was a great day for us. Oh, God. Yeah. What an experience. In 1992, I moved to beneath the Springs, not because of your show, but for other reasons, thanks to my G.E. Super Radio. I've listed most of your show since 1993, both at W.I.O.D. and Q.A.M. I'm not a call but an avid listener in fan. That's the kind of person we like during your send good fances to your okay in our book. If we had a mid-in-like you, we'd be in good shape. Even Josh would be making a few bucks. I wrote a video for years and you are in Lysu to the best I've ever heard thanks for 30 years of great radio. But third man. And I've only enjoyed 22. You're the man, Neil. Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey. Have a wonderful life. Lisa. Where is Lisa? Lisa's somewhere. She says, thank you for entertaining educating me for some around 11 or 12 years. The first time I quoted was when I first started listening. You were complaining about the lack of women calling in. So I suggested you to have a female sidekick. You ripped me an ass. I told all my friends about it and they thought that it was the coolest. I listened to every day at work and my husband and I discussed things you brought up on the show regularly, like lunch. We even have a picture of you in their office. This is Brian, you non-practicing, you bastard. We got that in the parents at the pizza lock and Davey many moons ago. Oh, I remember that place when Jeff Cohen used to be our friend. My husband and I live with the hope that in our future we'll get rid of the bushes and the religion. This we hope for a public flaying of Janet Jackson and a return to a heartfelt radio. Yeah, thanks a lot, Janet. You bitch. You slut. We hope for the overturning of the Patriot Act. Oh, now they're voting on it today and they're no chance of that. And Neil God for present. Happy 30th says Lisa. Thanks Lisa. That's what they've done. voted it was like 81 to 18. I'm important. The Patriot Act. Oh, they're already doing it. 81. 18. They're done. It passed. It's a vacuumer again. Sing, Ohio. Who's step? Rick says Captain Rick. I know I can be chronic in times I try not to be you are, but you're okay. I've been a lawyer listener for about 15 years and have loved every second of it because you and your stories have lost about a hundred pounds altogether. It's true. You do go through with draws since morning. You can off the sugar. You're the best. You get off that sugar man in 80's. 80's. It's so difficult. Oh, God. How do you do it? I got a new blood sugar monitor here. I know it's very exciting. It's a lady radio. That's the one that uses less than blood. Yeah, it's the one touch. You just touch it once and all of a sudden like, yeah. That saves a lot of work. Oh, here you go. You stand doing it right now. I'm not going to tell you what it is. It's number now. No, I'm not coming back to your business. No, I'm not going to tell you what it is. Say it. I'll just and you know, oh, that thing really hurts. That's a very sharp lance. It man. Because it's a brand new one. It's a lance. Ooh, man, it's a lance a lot. And then you like just you hold your side of your firm and it's just sucks the blood out of there in five seconds. Boop, boop, boop, boop, three, two, one. And there is, oh, it's coming down. It's too high. And I didn't need any craft yesterday, but it's sometimes it takes it. Plus I'm thinking that my old meter was probably giving me a lower number. So I think I'll go back to that one. It's like those scales. You know, they can like tilt from one side of the other. Right. And keep getting on there and like tilting until you get a number that you like. I have unfortunately for me here. I have a digital scale. So it doesn't make any of us how you're staying. What's the other would just it gives you a set of one foot? Let's say, Rick says enough blowing smoke up your answer to the room. The autopsy. Happy. Thank you, Rick. Here's Canon at Tobaco. Oh, my God, a Canadian fat say, can we have facts this from him before, right? Thanks. Oh, yes, we have. He says for about 30 years of invocation and flooring during the month of January. If I'm you somewhere on the radio. In the past, you January rating show is brought me up to speedest you ongoing success. Now I can and do listen to you on the internet and get my Toronto weather forecast. Well, I'm in Florida. Well, let's see, where is he right now? Do we know? Oh, he's here right now because I can tell it's a 416. Well, let me give you the weather can. Well, he can probably look out to window. Oh, it's minus 8 Celsius, but it's sunny and beautiful. It's really good from where I'm sitting. He says you always informative entertaining on top of the current issues important to us all. Congratulations. I look forward to your show for many more years. You're the best. Have a great day. 8 10. Holy school boy. Every piece. Talk. Here's KP of Coral Gables. Congratulations on 30 years. News are 30 more. By the way, they've seen a shooting caught on tape and it's got the website. Wow, can't see a BI.NET this last year. Wow, I'm going to have to check that out. I love you. A yo kiddo. Huh? And probably or not, you never know. Well, of course, it's going to be a yo kid. Think that if anybody actually had video tape that they would come out of their alone. No. Look at this. Our good friend Terry, what's your name? What the hell is that saying? I don't know. I thought reading these things. Although I've already, uh, throw away a couple that you don't want. Terry that we used to work with. Terry Griffin. Terry Griffin, well, she's got the worst handwriting I've ever seen in my life. And having, uh, my bad Alzheimer's, where the hell is that, uh, Terry thing? There's a one out in the Everglades. What is that under Terry? When it scores some pot? It is not. It's under Terry. Trust me. Oh, I see. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. But you, Terry says viewers, I spent with you and George were some of the happiest of my career. Thanks for it all. Uh, it says you saw where others merely waddle. As you must have seen the beast. Congratulations. Happy 30 man with much love and affection. Thank you, Terry. Terry Griffin. He's the first one to do I would do. Oh, this is weird. He is a, one of the nice people and also Jennifer Remo that we haven't heard from Jennifer. I'm not sure we won't, but we love her too. That's one of those your friend Jackie Bales. That's right. When the boat leaks, Jackie Bales. Oh. And then there was that real book brought to me to work at I and Z. What's that was her name? Oh, I can picture her. I can't think what her name. Do I narrow it down? Really, butch. Here's one. It says, thanks for all years of service to South Florida. You're a shiny beacon of hope and it's certainly swamp as stupidity. It's a certainly swamp as stupidity. I like that. If not for you, I was truly eaten someone out. Keep up the good work. Yes, what does Kakamun mean? Well, look at that. It has a baby monkey. It's a heart acrobatics. I'm pretty. 10, 15, you up. Terry just warned him. 10, 57, if you am now here's, I don't know. I do this pump and a park spot where they've like put in the woods in my mouth. It's a life buddy. He's a pump and a park racing and poker right to me and say, dear Neil, they can see the entire gang of pump and a park. Why don't wish you all the best? On your 30th anniversary of live radio here in South Florida. Pump and a park is but one of your loyal supporters since year one, the very first one. I mean the longest going one anyway since year one that you went on year 76. And despite the mockery and degrading in South to about ourselves and the way we conduct business for all of which is true, poking part of the horsemen who compete here and most of all going after the fans who couldn't bet and enjoy our free spaghetti didn't run out in the past. Please remember just one special thing. You are one of us. We must have any here on a regular basis. Well, that's sweet. Thank you Dick and Steve and all my good friends. A Pomp and a park. Alan and Mary and all my all the others. And don't forget that Pomp and a park racing and poker is all the gambling action you want just to have my from 95 of the turn. Pomp and a park is easy to get to. And best of all Pomp and a park features free admission and free general parking every day. Live harness racing in our smoke free poker room was open every Monday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like today. poker gets out of way noon and just an hour and goes on to midnight and life and gets racing gets underway night. It's 725 every Monday. It's Monday. Madness. Two for $25 dinner specials on the sixth four top of the park restaurant. And every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night. Graph beer soda. $100 and lots more just a bucket piece starting at 6 PM. Pomp and a park a box out of the landing bulletboard on Powerline Road called 954 972 2000 for the curracing schedule or on the wickie web Pomp and a park dot com. Thank you Alan Finklson. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. No, it is wide. No, you can feel it very good. No it is time and so wide. You can't see the hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot� weekend hot hot hot Hot hot Hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot飽 hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Hot hot It's hurricane warm up, which I'm sure to be like people gather around from pillar post coast to coast 9 11 at UN and Maryland basketball as were of course I make believe program directors up there because it's even Banski fall for solid little people and in the course 80k up to the basketball game Actually, I think Clarence is making a right move. He ought to be working on it play by play or whatever he does on those games because he can know She's doing this Here's a fact from Pattonville. There was only a couple left. I just stop counting him I don't think we're gonna get to 30 to you. Well, they're pouring it. Yeah, but Congratulations, where's doors is he out doing a learn-of-note true post trains? I guess he is here. Wow Got that green apple question. Probably honor of the probably the pressure from this anniversary show got the little drawer That's what it is Congratulations, hey Pattonville from snooze to the ice cream shop to spores. I don't know what spores is. What is spores? That's been listening. We've been fans. I know what's the huh? I don't know Hmm, invasion of the buy snacks is in where there's spores in that movie We've never called but left you the glove at obbo if you're WI and Z years ago Thanks for all the fun in the bedtime series. Thank you Pattonville. Thanks for the glove at all Let's see mark from hell in the obitures our last facts Hi Neil and George just dropping in a fact to which my lord and the Sabine Arrange is the happiest days on his 30th anniversary Been worldless near since June of 88 can't imagine the waves without you big guy. It says Big guys sounds awfully. Thanks a lot, Mark What is for it? Archon Allen the obiture probably chasing the life guards. Okay. Here's what that polio so far Kind of self serving himself a grandizing. That's just fine What best described Neil 30 years on here in Miami? We got the 1184 votes our goals a thousand unbelievable 388 on They label entertaining 360 the pulses now Florida 74 can you feel it is there a pulse? Just barely a real miss for 69 fun 65 a miracle 50 informative 50 Pandorus and up already 46 3.8% say enough already provocative 41 stale 17 like last year's mata 1.4 so that's like a 5.2% Pandorus and stale all 30 years have been stale at least I'm consistent Sid 18 16 lucky a 6 and aggravating 2. Well, that's not good only 2. I'm aggravated them I'm trying very hard to do that I'm right here. I'm ready. This facts from Greg from Port T. Lucy wondering if I should have facts that a long or just start away I did the first time know all right. We go the second one away to you If you were smart you would if you were psychic you could have taken it in the other room with you You know what you're right, but it was already in the garbage and so are a couple others that I'm sure you don't want either really Yeah, trust me from cronics from beyond chronic people we don't want to say their name Really really Oh, come on you got it you got not now you pick my curiosity Well somebody pretending to be Steve Kane has already facts twice I see and and then of course Someone we were talking about this morning who already facts yesterday and decided that that wasn't good enough Oh, I see someone Saying really crazy Really He lost a person Gary crazy see one thing about us on this show is that you know we go through whatever we have to do because Master 11 is they say in China You know I have to make a living but There's nobody out there fooling anybody. I mean just like the guy would have sent that phony a facts yesterday about how Ord and everybody he knows is you know And I let me say this how is he is narrow casting now Okay, what I'll do we expect it was 150 million year whatever he's making and his lawsuit against CBS Which I'm very much on his side on that but Well, we'll worry about those things. Okay, if you want to listen to this if you if you want to listen to Martha Stewart Have a great life if you're all whipped up about Al Franken and Canton life or I don't care I get paid regardless okay after 30 years I got nothing left to prove to anybody in his town Believe you me and by the way Norma can't what a job he is a PR machine Talk about a good machine man. He is the PR machines because a PR one nothing what he said You know not even a press release 30 years. I mean almost none press it and only one other broadcaster Then yeah, and nothing So instead of sending me stupid articles that have already emails about articles that have already gotten on our website about that Which I read about the J. Rockefeller and can't bake K Bailey Hutchison It's that of that norm. Maybe I'll just spend a little bit more time like doing a little PR work promoting your one big talent there Jesus got all mighty. What a what a silly queen. You're fairie. Okay I think we might take a couple of calls Because the facts is it just stopped No, no they have it Stop coming as cause you were busy doing a one two and a three you do well Or the whole new batch on its way. Oh no, and facts is too. I'll be damned 567.0560 pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line What is this other thing? Well, this is from yesterday. I Don't understand what this story was about the mourners hope death sends a message. What was that remember that With the handwriting in the margin yeah, I don't have anything. Whatever that was WCWM hello happy anniversary deal. Oh All right now we're talking good I'm a name of the show was he in form of no yeah, that was not the informer yeah It was in form of from six to ten before Craig Warding and The DJ that you sounded like was a guy by the name of Lee show wood. Oh, Lee show wood. What's his my answer I heard on Miami. I wasn't even working yet. I was like the only bill weekends and I would be and it was Mike Lance Yeah, he's full brother to Walter Lance of Woody Woodpecker fame Well, I waited to talk to you because I have to take my guy dog to the vet But I want to wish you a happy anniversary What kind of dog he got it's a mixture of a going retrieve a laboratory. Oh That's great. Okay. I'll take care of your dog Mike. Yeah. See ya Okay, I want to put some jingles right later. Yeah, some jingles. Well, he's going to the vet vet with his dog You know, I'll wait till he gets back and I will play some jingles. Maybe we'll play jingles tomorrow All right, I got that thing vocal brassimoodos WMC ageingles For all those new walkers out there. WQAM hello WQAM hello Daniel yes sir Tom jica is me appoint when he fills in for any K that he works for free doesn't take any money from the station Well, I'm really proud of him and I think he's still a jackass I'm listening to listen on She's tensionated you But I've been in the whole time so congratulations. Thanks, family. You're time still a jackass I'm worse for free. So big deal and who would I want to pay him anyway to build Johnny here I mean, it's just so bushly. You know, it's so petty and so small, you know Because of the fact that I you know a ripping money here. Yeah, you're there a child Tommy you're like a little child Sport little a petal and child It's okay Spend day will come, man. We all have to meet our maker. Remember that one or the one guy in the voice mail We'll all have to face the Lord our makers someday Marvin maker By the way, thanks to making a knickle and wally hinnessey and Kim Wallace too And Dominic, Pavia let's see heck of a job, nearly Oh, this must be from the White House 30 years of law congratulations. Thanks for riding the best of all radio shows from Cheryl and Tony big fans from Phil smear Or is that vase mirror? What is Phil smear? Wow I see like just like yesterday a lot of these have come in from out of the South Florida area which makes sense to me There's the people out of the South Florida area tend to be a lot more occurring in the way. Yeah I understand you folks you got a lot of issues to deal with you're stuck there All I can say is better you than me David and Miami says Bravo congratulations on your anniversary of a listening since before you came out on KT came out is gay You've always been a voice for truth justice and the American way just like Bill Curtis says they're on an awful show And I actually it's a good show I'm menacin justice He's just he's so far over the top man just it's he's camp Bill Curtis you like him though. I do yeah, Bill Curtis I said that was alright. You got all testies about it. You got all of them out of shape If it's who I think it is It's the guy that narrates all or shows on E in E oh, he's alright I'm American justice. He's so melodramatic man. I stand to applaud you says David. I can't believe it's been only 30 years I thought you won KT and 71 and 72 now 76 March first Because that's when I owned a sub shop and say you were chipping sounds Supreme for coming out. No that was in 70 60 December 1776 Please treat me out of five be wrong. I've only called you once all this time on listening every day Excellent job David only called once and all these years to which we say Oh right salute you we stand and forgive you the big salute by the ten in salute Oh my god Told you Well, I reached back to pull one fast off the thing there and it like a whole bunch of them cut on the floor Man, I realized we had piles. Okay. Let's do the break. She I like the fastest because to me they're like I don't know Colors are What are you trying to get grams with wit you know, I'm saying grams with wit as in half-wit or spit Problem is after 11 at five 60 W. Q. And finally a TV experience like no other believe me Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy views has lots to love and today you can try for only 34 99 a month for three months Why is TV so much better with on demand for starters? You can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever the hell you want. It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on Demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies kids shows music videos cooking shows sports home and program shows Good tire lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it And don't forget about control with on demand you can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using that remote You sure can't get all these things with satellite with up to 250 channels plus on demanding build your own TV schedule Who could possibly axe for more and best of all on demand is free when you have comcast digital cable So pick your show time sit back into wonder how you ever manage without it call today in order Comcast digital cable needs be over the power of on demand for just 34 99 a month or three months Call them today 305 Comcast and V. or in Broward 954 Comcast This is Neil Rogers This is 560 I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly The American cheesecasts over my due to everything taste better with cheese I hate broccoli except when my mom now cheddar cheese on top then I even ask for seconds Yes, there's nothing like cheese. It may things taste terrific. I'm a side-show geek in a circus and I ground glass for a living My secret I top the shards with grated Parmesan if they's great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood That's right nothing top things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese My husband likes me to you know do him but I hate the taste so I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese It goes down easy and that makes it easier to go down cheese makes everything taste better So, remember don't forget to change 11 17 a Q.A.M. Notice we're reaching back into the Amos the archives and the I love those little moody stuff it's stuff Phil says Neil wishing you a happy 30th anniversary big fan thanks for the great radio years and a little rose on his faction Promise me, thank you Phil. Don't forget noon to two today. We got an honor for this very very special day Doesn't it feel special oh yeah I'm feeling something special aren't you guys getting like a whole bunch of food brought in Or it's down to make you a bigger yeah, yeah, it's coming today. Now, Jordi stick with salads because he's got a bum He's stomach is on the bum. Yeah That's not money. I'm doing the Veele scallopini. I'll ride and George is having a shallon a grilled chicken Caesar. Oh Well, she was me that's more than just a salad that's a substantial salad from John Baker. He's a he's great Nice job by the way, Duff the Duff myster went out there and found that guy who I was there years ago in North Miami And see it so you lose somebody all that news tracking and all these years I just like little Joey calling me. But don't you all like it? Call it on a show, but you want talk to me Maybe who call in today? Wouldn't that be a real treat? What do you mean maybe you call in say John and mine? Well, well, or something really provocative like that We got the a few and vans to her of them today, but they're really pulling out the big guns today, aren't they? Then I dick you're vice president Van number one noon to two southeast quarter of pines and university in the huders parking lot And van number two number dose noon to two at the southwest corner of 27th Avenue s1 in Miami at the shell gas station And we got the best in ELCDs the the Bout 30 man is the name of it and it's got a nice cover to area Just well, whatever I'm doing there. They bridge centers grave. Oh, I bet you he's dead Yeah, we heard that we poor number sweet See these in commemorative t-shirts funny box a piece benefit abandoned pepper rescue before waterdale So and then we'll be giving calls it says they'll be calling in Josh with dollar mouse after every spot break. Oh, yeah I can't wait. I can see why a little bit skeptical. You know after every spot break ride Let's sneak in a call or two. Okay, because it been really so good WQAM hello I am good meal happy. How are you? Thank you. I am so so happy to talk to you I go way way way back with you My hot no my my middle school. They've junior high at knowledge junior high. Wow. I was on a talk show with you on KT You had some kind of panel of oh Young kids talking about I'm I must have been sex education for lab say that because I remember I was on with Lynn light You were my guy. I sure do yeah So I was what a bunch of silly shows those were weren't they weird the average age of our audience was death plus 10 and I evolved Neil I'm thinking to myself well, let's you know a young up the audience a little bit get some young people on here Especially up a little bit. Well, what an idiot. I was Well, I just remember I was very in awe I don't know if I'm right or I remember the studio was like very dark and I liked dark curtains or Is that right? I like right that was KT all right? We were all in the dark. I think Well, I just love you the pieces. I'm so so happy that you've been here this long because I've been with you the whole way And have a great 30 more Thanks a lot sweet. I could hear from you. Love you. Bye bye. I think like that. I see she's not like she's in good health and she I'll get all these taxes lately. We've earned freedom and died speaking to KAT and oh all this other stuff And then it's thanks about my friend Sean. It's got is a colon ripped out whatever all these nasty Facts is a good people dying Then we found out the Dan Stewart all where fine wasn't fine after all Yeah Oh Are you reaching I'm reaching man. I'm reaching here's one from Rocco who says happy anniversary and happy out today That's right Everybody rub your asses. Okay. It's ass Wednesday Put a little a coal on your ass can't hurt. Yeah, I already did that I've listened to since I was a young punk working at the pizza at a pizza joint and now listening to you in an orifice Through hurricanes election fiasco's impeachment and I'm loving you've been a professional funny and smart I'm die hard serious guy, but I never miss your show. Oh, thank god Rocco thank god You see this this counterbalances that Jack has heard from curl springs yesterday That was a funny thanks anyway. I think Thanks for getting us through the good times the bad times and hot Smitty summer it's in South Florida. Well, it was not the best tendency of in them when I had it. Yeah, I'd lose Thanks a lot Rocco you're okay, our both those hot smithy days man They are killers Here's one from Johnny you did some nice artwork on his facts Says thank you for about 30 man. I definitely assure one thing I couldn't do it without you Don't you dare think of ever leaving okay Even when I can't listen I was see I'm gonna stick around as long as I can just to piss off the people that hate me like poison like the ones voting on Proponder was enough already how many we got those? 48 Those people if I ever if I ever went off the earth it would have I have no right alive Even when I can't listen I listen to you on the archives. I stop watching television news You're going to come on you for the real deal. Thanks for the great spots for Johnny G's gourmet pizza. Oh, yeah, this is that Johnny That was good stuff. Remember that Back in the day in the late 80s as well as all the wonderful fart sounds nice and outside on it but still deadly I'm still searching for a cure for my near Rogers disease with no success. Thank God Neil God happy 13 happy Prom Love it with a big smote. Thanks Johnny those were the days man that Johnny G's that was good stuff Some really RC Farsi bizarre stuff. It was great Big might and Saint Pete big Mike. I wonder if that's like had the white Mike remember I told you about that No, it was like yes, I did about the advertising thing to Mike. Oh, that's what it was Yeah, and And we switched to take it only here the one station on it like like that the boy that sure goes back that goes back I look back when radio was like a different kind of business man. It was a whole different world Now it's just now it's just business. It's just crap Taking all the personalities out of it. They did diluted it. Thank God for Rick Shaw and I strong working 45 freaking years and he's still got the same crappy smelly head on nice going rip I guess he and I I mean Craig were thing I think is still on somewhere he's been on here longer than I have But he's not a station nobody knows what it is I don't know what to do is and No, I don't want to get a facts from anybody Please call Craig please call him he's desperate needs your help. Yeah, I love Craig. He's a good friend and everything else His the people that associate with him the people who clung on to him over the years I have always just a ton those people will destroy your Craig. They'll drag you down No, ruin and they did I was right But you know what the deal is Story of my life nobody ever listens to me right like everybody Jeff Collins story your life Yeah, nobody will listen to me People think because I'm on year all well, you know when Neil speaks everybody like you know Sit's up and pay the attention here. Right sure they do. Nobody will pay any attention What I tell them Big Mike and St. Pete's is a first hurt you on WSU and the first You came on a call the program director WFLA OPY then you played the WFLA sucks cart I was hooked well WFLA did suck I Was not surprised the 10 of the audience didn't get it. I was sorry you left, but I found you leaders later on the internet Keep up the good work and graduation on About Thank you big Mike That was not me in and that's right now. Thanks to Al Gore by the way for inventing the internet so we could have this vast audience out there listening That's right when you think Absolutely, I mean Absolutely Absolutely WQAM hello QAM Hello, Neil yes, sir. Yes I defund to congratulate you on your anniversary 30 years. Thank you and I wish those my first time calling Great yes, but I've been a listener of yours for about 15 years and isn't it much more enjoyable Just sitting back and listening calling is too much stress. This works fine No, not my shine bomb get out of here good black shine back exactly How many of you have you been doing to you because I guess I've been sort of afraid of calling about it a great mood all day and things are looking up and I'm just very excited The only thing I feel a little sad is that That you're gonna only know the couple more years Oh, I'm gonna resign for like 10 more Great yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna start doing my show When I get to be seven I'm gonna do it from my wheelchair. It's gonna be with my oxygen in my side Well, I'm turning sick. It's gonna be called take a deep breath along with Neil Look at that My birthday and turning 61 Wow, you're just a spring chicken compared to me. Well, I'll just give you a little Have a happy pali back so much Okay, I don't call again See okay I was good so he knows that he's not a car and you could tell by it's just a whole ambiance of the thing He's just not a car or them and that's a good. That's a compliment by the way to see you're not a car Although we have had some nice people today. What's that all about? Happy anniversary 30 years in the business thanks for all no not 30 years in the business 30 years in the business 30 years in South Florida. I did just go crazy when I say that And so as though I just came on and started you just like somebody starting being his program director in Miami You know what I mean? I don't want to take a shot of clearance unless I have to but You just this is this is worth that way I mean we're talking about WBT and the TV in the European we've preceded by WCGR and Canada They win the York which 251 and all amount of money I could play Can I turn it? Well, you don't have time after the break I want to tell you because did you ever when you worked at a radio station playing music track the album through you probably never did Yeah, no, well, we had a Sunday morning programming that was album oriented small like yeah Everybody Yes, you could be 6, 5 All in box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home, an opalaka, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Unfeelable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman. It's out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Heraldia? I've done honey, we don't subscribe to the Heraldia. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lamissie is this? Just say no to El Herald-Sur. People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Who heard old bags from femoral pines? You know, the infant. I was like, oh, me, you know, how can you say those nasty things running around ceiling sweet and low? Right, that's your intention. How about those bad boys that went dixing? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In credible Neal Rogers disease, a growing self-lord at epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night, you know, with that mean. Hey, you know what? I got, I'm not. I'm not. What's the we followed? Three points of things? Send your tax deduction to the contributions today in Carav Hot 105. Oh, I'm not. On the El Herald. 1132, I never dreamed, I never seen the day that I would have to like out the first heaven at Bagsward. It's just shocking. It's unacceptable. It's not acceptable. Happy anniversary. And yeah, it's somewhat dangerous. Happy anniversary and you can't say anything. Right. Like I said, we got a new leader. He's a good guy. He's really poorly. He's jovial. He's like say everybody, but he unfortunately works for the beesleas. So. Right. We're all under that umbrella under that evil spell of the bit of Joyce. And of course, now I think we've got an imporaclarence. Joyce Jr. That's his new, uh, new role. I always play in Joyce Jr. He's going to be the Buchboss. He's going to, he's going to tell us what we can play in. What we can say and what we can do. Hey, yeah, Clara's stuff. Okay. Stuff it. You jackass. See you next time, by the way, Clara's. Let's see. These are just pouring in your hector says that discovered you 14 years ago, I'll surfing the AM dial as scanned as I scanned by WOD. The day I heard what turned out to be jack in the box for the very first time. Well, I'll have to play that. That's one of the 10 we can still play. I just sent my car laughing and wiping the tears from my eyes and I was hooked. Well, I'll tell you, Hector, if that wasn't going to be left with the tears of your eyes, my god, you're easy. We only had 10, maybe like Hector, right? Since then there have been many similar occasions, but what kept me tuned in religiously is your ability to look past the hype and spin so prevalent in our culture, whether it be politics, sports movies, movies, movies, music, etc. Of course, I don't always agree with you. Why not, Hector? But that's okay because like you, I'm a thinking rational person and remember, it's just a radio show. It's just a freaking radio show for Christ's, say, Clarence, you jackass. Nearly represent one of the people who's work, I hold dear to me. You've inspired me in the lighten my days and wish you the best of everything and effort to suck your faithful listeners. I have to say to you, Hector, I'll take their loafers, you've to play third-based and the opheil for the Yankees and occasionally catch. He caught it. Anyway, getting back to Suzanne. Thanks for all the laughs I listen to every day. My desk with my headphones on a laugh out loud, so everybody hears me. You're Jewish Mexican friends Suzanne. Thank you Suzanne and by the way, happy to smack Otaco. I wonder if they eat like Taco, homintosh, non-poram, you may not have a moths. Wouldn't that be wonderful to be? Are we all in a higher? Let's see, oh look at this. I free-greeting card from Neo from Shire, you're a number one fan. Congratulations on the past 30 years and here's the 30 more. Middle-aged Jewish professional female fan is releasing since the day to day. Shire, you're a number one fan and she sends me a Vermont teddy bear greeting card. Can you believe that? I believe it. Well, thank you, Shire. I mean, there's actually somebody who made an extra effort. That's something. See, I told you we had a lot of women out there listening and you won't believe me. Never do. You see, women are more likely as you know. Men, it's just not a male thing to send the facts to the greeting cards. It's just that's kind of a... Yeah, yeah. So women are more likely to be doing stuff like that. That's why we get so little male, you know. And we're, by the way, we're happy about that. Yeah. Well, look at how long this one is. Wow, Fred C says, well, Neo since everyone else is doing the Neo Rogers story, I'll give mine. Also anyway, when I let the record track, he writes to go up front and sit in the front window of the radio station, it overlooks like the street corner. There was a soda shop across the street. And all the real hot teenage kids used to like hang out outside in the summertime. And I just sit there watching, you know. Oh, for me? Yeah, I was hoping it was all for me, but it wasn't. I'm from Naples, thanks for the condolences and caught you by accident. Well, that's how most of our people find us as we let them get no promotion. I'll tell you that. How do you like that big billboard that's sitting right there somewhere in town promoting my 30th anniversary and that's a beautiful. That's a beauty. Nobody has seen it yet, but I sold wine and liquor at the time was always on the road. I used to listen to seven, I need to head a booming signal over here for Howard Cossill speaking of sports at the time. Oh, I'm sure we should have had that, I don't think I got it. ABC, a sounder. Nah, I like how it's somewhere. Like, you know, that Howard Cossill uses speaking of sports, Howard Cossill. Anyway, I think it was 86 or 87. After Cossill's show, South Florida's most listening to talk show. That's what they said at the time must have been before your book came out, came on which was the silly Alice Rental. I started listening to her a little bit, and on Thursdays. That's why I was not working. Sorry. Now I got back. Get out of here. I started listening to Alice a little long Thursdays. You do an hour. So what Steve came? Well, that's after I was at INZ then. They started talking about you without really saying your name and I wasn't getting it too well. Anyway, I found you eventually on the ballot 940, WNWS, no WNZ with the burden you were just starting your hell and they'll beat stick. Oh, I got to play that stuff. In fact, you got a pretty long article in local paper because of that. No, yeah, the middle of the paper is there to write about me back then. Not anymore in a son's sentence. No. First time's sick is too busy writing about some TV showed it's going to be on for like six weeks and then get canceled and about his, you know, his take on the TV shows. And you think that I'm out of touch time. Give me a break sweetheart. I think I think Tom just is taking it personal now. You know, he may deny it, but he's taking it personal just because he's. He's not my fault. Not my fault. Anyway, we're listening over here since except the shirt for you, we're on the FM couldn't pick it up over here. Or too bad, you can hear the say that those are the good shows. I'm sorry. I'm like the majority of you are in CLI've never called good excellent Fred. I've faxed off and almost recently it said you in George had a fun thing. He's girlfriend looks like a man on that website a couple of weeks ago. A phrase a good factor. I've asked many articles in the past. The one you enjoyed about the biggest kick out of was the article from the New York Times talked about how I contacted American say words like for shoot, capital, or menocluck, etc. Once you gave me a shot on the radio for telling you how to pronounce key in Italian, C.H.I. I thought it was something that I didn't mind the shot. C.H.I. Well, what did I know? It made me feel like part of the show and finally, you need to give some perspective. I'm also the self-propend official. The O'Rajres pull through, sending the weekly spreadsheet predicting the presence of authoring last two stolen elections. Oh yeah. I think we won both of those elections, especially 2000 and Gorbitte Bush by least not 100,000 votes in Florida, but they fixed them both as I will know yes. Anyway Neil, thank you a thousand thank you. Especially thank you for being on the internet otherwise it couldn't hear you on a West Coast inside office. Tony's artwork. That was Neil Godson and thanks George. Thank you, Fred. He's looking on the internet. Thanks to Al Gore, who is our president. Here's what. It's still be a lot today if they would miss to an election in 2000. Just put it in that perspective. Thousands. Yeah. Think of the thousands of Americans and Brits and the most easing all the money. I think of all the poor Iraqis who are dying like flies over there. Yeah, well because of the time, you ever see the California Irvine. They had a big to do there. They had some kind of a debate about the cartoons, the Mohamed cartoons and somebody is schmatthans out there. The Arab streets get really foaming at them out. The Arab street. Man. Let's read in some of the streets. Okay, my Hamid street. Try to calm down at very angry Arab street. See, just maybe if those countries are better like Saudi Arabia and UAE and some of others wouldn't have any Egypt wouldn't have financed and Pakistan and all these terrorists blow up those buildings and kill all these people. Maybe one bit a little more benevolent. Maybe you're attitude might change a little bit. I told George before to show Lou Dobbs last night James Agbi who's the brother of John Savi the Polster who I want to be Arab league headhonsho's there. He was on air winding. About all the Arabs are the last group he can criticize in the US and make fun of. And we're taking a big hit on this and Lou Dobbs that was going to have a stroke on the air. I don't know what happened to him, man. I don't know if somebody struck the bull by lightning. I don't know if I said in that religion Lou Dobbs. He's my new hero. I've tried to forget all the other stupid trafies been doing and all the garbage about the illegal aliens that he's obsessed with. He'd a man on his sports field. But like I told you before it goes through tomorrow, you know, very quietly and the 45 day dog and pony show is just to try to calm down a political storm that's going on. But after tomorrow it's a done deal anyway. So the Arabs are going to be taking care of security at the ports and then it will be the airports instead of in so on. But the person just found out about it. But if you dare to block it, he's going to veto it. Right. Man, talk about a bunch of crooks just to deny them and the season. And he went to India to try to escape all over the heat over here and they said, Cox a hoist baby, right. Yeah. In fact, in India, they're not, I don't think there are too many Jews in India, but they're favorite story from the old test. Now, they're favorite stories that went about the burning bush. 19 chill noon. I think I think about it. I think about it. Hey, beach board is gone. I'm my 30th anniversary. I dumped myself. Oh, when I was in the little congratulations. Yeah. I was a little, yeah, it burns. Yeah. Hey, I'll tell you, beach board is gone, man. It's March Madness all this month at beach for. They just missed having the record month last month. So they're going to do even better now. They're going to break that record this month. Right. Now I said it can't 415 years. I was always 249 bucks a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a fruit credit in 39 months lease. This madness in beach forage means you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to $10,000 on all new and use vehicles. If you're not on the market for new carbon, no somebody who is sent them to beach forward because if they take delivery in March, beach forage will send you 200 bucks just for sending them in. And money comes from beach forage advertising budget. So, and absolutely will not affect your friend's price. Though my side on this once a year event, beach forage March Madness had started right now extended camp for 150. As low as just 249 bucks a month, this counts in rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks and cash is for referring a friend to come in. So you hurry and beach forage is located just two miles east of the golden waves. And once this year, you third street once takes you highway. Be sure and tell Paul that ain't your meal since you buy. I guarantee you'll love your beach forage experience. This is New Rogers. This is 562. A. Thanks. On the Islamic cartoon network, it's Elmer. What the mental is. Be very, very quiet. I'm issuing a box wall. There to Miami cars with a hot 2 beans. There are the streets fighting cry. They pass the hand again face there. There you go. And have a good day of life. We got a problem. The great game is a cool place. Lieutenant, isn't that the group has seen your citizens who went around trying to get the early birds special after seven? Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. And stuff it in the clean out the streets. They lay in the camp cross area, that's across the line. They're determined. We clean up the smoke and we clean the smoke. All right, just carry your under arrest. Oh, so now you're an arresting my wife for the choice. Section the powder. I'm going to first, let's see that white stuff. And just a thought. We've got our under bag in here. Oh, what? We're going to be in the sleepin' love. And that restaurant's just paying off. I think I'm in. Yeah, it's very good. We're in by the club. So now, Todd, we'll be here in the L&D and we'll buy. We're being disqualified on L&DZ. We know all the apologies to our number flood. I don't think we can play with Spark Wars sounds, can we? I don't think so. Let's see, here's what it says. Well, Neil, we'll not say the same, but happy together here. What is that? Well, Neil, I will not say the same. But happy gathering or happy any day. Okay. My name is Chris Cardona from Puerto Rico. The first time I heard your show was in 91. When I was in Palm Beach and you and your things made me laugh so hard, I'll never forget your show. You know, my thing makes a lot of people laugh. Very funny looking thing. As soon as I got my hands in the net in college, when I went under research, sir, if your show was online, I was happy to see it was. As soon as I bought a computer, I was listening on the net and had problems in the audio quality was not as good as it is now, which is great. Are you following this? I think boy. You're going to be issuing a fart law pretty soon. I already did. Now I work for a prison. Some years back, had a human for Miami and I asked about your show. When Neil comes out in the prison in Miami, stops, it's all happiness in the bleak place. So I guess the Cuban guy didn't speak English to one of the people taking care of them. All right, to all our people, our jailbirds, Jazmichail, have tons of white and pick up where Jazmichail has left off. See ya! I'm in Puerto Rico, not bad ready for a Julio, sincerely, Chris DeValcar don't in Puerto Rico, and Neil Grande, we're only the US rain for the only US rain force, please read it. So I did read it. There you go, Chris DeVal. Under the air, it was in San Cristobal. As in guiding light. Well, that shows getting so bad. Oh, my God, where the hell is, what's the name? A little, oh, everybody left. Even Ross, but he didn't work left to show us getting that bad. After a hundred years on a show. God. But that's the way it goes. Vince says, thanks and congratulations for on 34 slash on 30 as an entertainment enlightenment. Hope you have another 30 plus to whatever you want. Please add enlightenment. Oh, enlightenment would be good today's pull. Let's add that on there. I thought an informative one. Oh, I think that's okay. And enlightenment, I won't get any votes, but put it on there. Thank you, Vince. What have we got so far? We got a lot of votes. We got 1270, something. 1279. What best described the year's 30 years on a year in Miami? Unbelievable, 42. Unbelievable. Well, I bet you that kind of code in yesterday's rubbing his hand legs together. So excited to watch this fact that it was an oversight on our part, obviously, right? Right. Unbelievable, because it doesn't really mean anything. Entertainment 382, the pulses top four to 79, the pulse can you feel it? How can you feel it? No. It feels awesome. A real myth of a 76 fun 70, informative 57. I'm sure in lightning will go zooming up there. A miracle 54. Ponderous enough already, 48. Provocative 44. Stale 19. Stale. Dodo. Lucky 7 and aggravating 3. That's good. I'm glad we're aggravating one more person now. Let's see. Ponderous, 3.7 and stale 1.5. So 5.1%. My goal is during the course of the show by 2.5 to get the Ponderous and stale under 5%. Okay. Well, I mean, it doesn't really mean anything. It's just, it's like when we do the thing about how many votes we get in the ordering the show. It's just exercise. It doesn't make a bit of difference. It's not going to be an extra penny, anybody's pocket. But it's just for something to do. It's like a little exercise. Something for the board sound for the people who are sitting there like, why is staring at the wall watching the paint dry? Oh, God. Watching those little lizards crawl up and down on the patio. And then a lot of people. That's there. That's there. Fun. That's their occupation. I'm so grateful. Especially with the liver dog. Oh, yeah. Those are my favorites. And we're also watching the Wasps and the, what are the other of the Hornets? Fly around. See the screening, like most everybody else is patio. The screening got blown off during Wilma. And so while I was home, those three nasty days, I go out to the get some suddenly on the, the chase lounge. And all of a sudden, within like 30 seconds, here comes a Wasp. Yeah, believe me, it wasn't my neighbor behind me in the Wasp. I could, I could really, I'm not going to do it. I could really, I'm not going to do it. Oh, boy. I don't want to start. Well, I really do want to start, but I better not. So many QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. 12 years loyal. My job. My girlfriend. My girlfriend. And she turned me on to you. And from her. She's like, yeah, she ought to turn you into a pumpkin. What's she ought to do? So many QAM. Hello. I'm a woman. And I listen every day. And I don't want to say happy anniversary. That's it. Nice. We're not. Oh, man. I thought she was a little bit nervous. I mean, that was, or maybe her window of opportunity was closed. Well, that, whatever. Maybe that's right. Maybe she don't want to get caught in the office. They're listening in Colton, I'm going to show. Maybe she don't want to get her fired. Whatever. Thanks. That was nice. That was special. That was great. Oh, God. Does that make you a M? Hello. I'm happy 30th of New York. Thank you, sir. Is your discovery the one the internet, the best of when you say? Yeah, sure. It's on her right now. All right, perfect. I'm closing. I'm hung like Florida. Bye. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. He sounded like Gary Gilmore. Let's see. Chicken that did something special for today. So if the disk is there, you might want to go, oh, oh, I can do that. I'm going to have to put my clothes on. Oh, no. Yeah, probably we were pretty good. I didn't want to go in all the way. It's Canada, right? I don't think run around in box. There's all the time. I mean, there were some needles down here. The sun is shining. Yesterday, I don't know what the temperature was. Like in the mid 20s, 25. It was sunny, but I go over to my A was it was windy. It was pretty damn cold in the afternoon. I go over to my convenience store to get my sodas. I wasn't buying a ice cream for unusual. And there's a guy. She come out of a building and business kind of guy. You know, like with a dress shirt on. He's got no coat. No sweater. And it was like 20 degrees out. I don't know. He may be going to have a block or a block or whatever. I thought that's a much of, are you crazy or what? Okay. I may go down there and I'll give it. If I, how do we do that? I think what I'll do is I'll play that wasting way in hell and deal. Okay. It's appropriate. Yeah. If I maybe I'll play it now. Do it. No, we're going to go to the break right afterwards. Well, put it up. See how long that thing was. Four minutes. Perfect. It is just absolutely perfect. Then I'll put the queue at the end. The queue isn't queue I am. But the queue is there. I can't. You miss me. Now I gotta go get your dress and go get the dress. And if I don't come back, I went to wood by my change. Oh, right. We got the bill. I'll be in the frame. Find it with my team. If we're buying it. No one on the cheeset. It's made to me. I'm on the old folks of different models. The check in the sea. No, they never say things. Just wait for their best special to come. Wait for a weekend in good old harem. I'm on the road. Searching for the past. You'd be left in a glass. You'd have to explain the better times. Oh, stay safe. What they know. It's their own damn home. You'd be left in a glass. Searching for the past. You'd have to get the early baroncha. The boys' rangers and sarders they came. And once they asked me, I'd get over here. That stuff in the roses we know in their beds. Waitin' away in good old harem. Looking for that long lost fog for you. And how may they say that it's all of truth? Was it day or night? But for some. And animal in the blue. Your folks don't know the reason. But nothing is please. But nothing is please. But muscles aching that you just don't fit. What does it matter? When they call up me and share it with them. I hate to live never listen to your sin. The way still, way can go on. Just the thoughts of matter, we'll never be. How they'll retain you, that is stuff. Of course the pain, let me know. I can't wait for this stuff. And how they'll retain you, that is stuff. Of course the pain, let me know. They just can't wait for this stuff. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62A. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on Q8L. About 30 years of broadcasting under the worst possible conditions any jaw trope personality could face, especially in the swabs of Florida. New Rogers, this is your life. Neil, remember this voice? I always knew he wanted the use in fact, but I wouldn't look over my shoulder and before his locker room, and he would be staring at me. We're cognized at voice, Neil. That's the voice of the boy you had a crush on in high school. Jim Park. This is your life, Mr. Park. You can park your scooter right over there. Neil, by way 375 pounds now, and wear blood pressure socks from all the strokes. Still I'd like to thank you for making me feel like I looked good for 10 minutes. Thank you, Mr. Park. And now Neil, do you remember this voice? Neil, by the fight for you, I had in college. He'd be proud of me in a rented and power. Neil, that's the voice of Mitchie Marblestein, the first and only girl in your life. Come on out here, Missy. So, you mean to say, Neil wasn't always gay? He actually had a woman. Oh, yes. He was a wonderful lover. So romantic. Never understood what they'd in gay. That might have been the yeast infection. Anything you'd like to say to Neil? Yes. Neil, I still have your glasses. I kept them with me all this time. Thank you, Missy Marblestein. And now Neil, a small Justin Julio, that's been with you for so many years. I tried vigorously with wind-ex, Moistauilex, even gasoline. Nothing to remove that olive oil from those knobs. That's the voice of George Rodden. Hey, wait a minute. You're not right. Not a bad impression, huh? Now see here. I thought all I can stand that is kind of visor-eated, coolly kissing. But that little little he of a doe. Outside a ruin in my career. You can't keep you going. Why, you vibrant and candid, right now? I'd pulverize them, see? Why, I'd wait this tasty, but down to a fine, Mullaging stew. Thank you for joining us. I'm tired of it. You're alive. I can't do what I'm done. Why, you're so tired of doing it. You're out of the end. All the rage. But that's not it. And I don't care that I just said something. That's not my no-sex. I'm not a gay, so you're a gay, so you're a gay. Who's the new boy? Who's the new boy? Who's the new boy? Who's the new boy? Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. Exactly. Okay, wait, you'll never guess what I'll show it up. I got the disc, obviously, right there. I inside a note from my chicken ec, it says, if I wasn't for you, I'd still be Moeing Rick Riley's law fund. Yeah, so be slowing it. You need to be Moeing it. Yeah. And I got another package. How do you like that? I'm a gay. And the package from the Act Tracks. Oh, and the phone is ringing again. Oh, it's your Act Tracks down there. What do you know? The Act Tracks showed up. You're a glorified steel-belted rubber bands. Wow. Only George, only an old, dotterring, who do you like George would ever think of. Because I had a one-slip and fawny ice, which in your case were found out. But of course, now he assumes that I'm a dotterring old man. So we simply, if you're not yet, you're going to be soon. Yeah. Just put him away the drawer and the colleagues. Walk confidently on packs, snow and ice. Mm-hmm. And these are things that you're on the technical maintenance. No tweets, but those are spikeless. You can wear them on any surface without having to worry about the spikeless. Like a beast. I got an old heel. He gets steel-belted radials for your shoes now. You just strap them on there. Actually, they just slip on. They're like, whatever they do. Yeah, man. That's probably why that old guy didn't fall down. He probably had a pair of those. Get out of here. He was in Europe. And they just go on over it because I know you're not wearing it. I know you're not going to wear any kind of special shoes. So those slip on over whatever you wear. Like rubbers, like collages, like snow boots. Yeah, out of here. Are you crazy? Exactly. So you just slip those on over your mallwalkers. Well, thank you so much. I hope you like it. I think. Don't break your hip. Let's see. Here's a fact that says to Neil God, I've been listening to you for 13 years. And of course, I thought you might ask him. I was switching faces of our working, I heard the word A hole. And I've been stuck ever since. When you die, please let it be on the ear. Please play on Neil. I'm sorry for used to be chronic facts or congrats. So I'll sand tana. Carlos. Carlos Santana. Thanks, Santana. I did. We have an update. Yes, yeah, we do. They just got out there on 27th. They have 40 bucks and I'm fine. University of 80 already. So, and we haven't even got out of the break yet. So let's give a plug on these. The QM fans about there with our merchandise with the guest. Invest in Neil Bob 30 man CD and the commemorative T-shirts. 20 bucks a piece. All the proceeds go to a band and prep rest. We have four laridale sets. The first band is going to go back to the beesleys. Because they're too cheap to actually throw that in. They'll be taxed deductible. Be a charitable donation. But even then they still won't do it. Because that's how cheap they are. Thanks a lot to the beesleys, especially a huge choice. The fan number one from now till two is at the southeast corner of Pines and University in the Huders parking lot. Fan number two, now it will two is at the corner of Southwest corner of 27th and you will have one of my mythical shelf gas station. And they see and you were so you were dubious man. Carlos Santana was a do-ge-on in. They were and it's not even a first break yet. They're already calling in. They were on point. They've been whipped into shape, so to speak. Have a really good one. Well, let's see. Happy anniversary, Neil. Now go home. I'm home. I wanted to go to a picture of a shoe kick in a frog. That's a beautiful thing. Use. Happy 30th Uncle Neil. I'm 35th of a with us in Zeta. In fact, I used to work with you in greasy vibe. I went baseball games when I was in high school. All boy. I told was to stand on the field with headphones and yours was to put up with a minister of personality. By the way, you're right about a rack religion and body. Walked for a wrong about baseball, pure and good. Canada, boring and solid get out and corvettes middle-life crisis mobiles. I could break the news to you sweetheart, but I was buying corvettes long before middle-life. But I still have either the same table in Miami. He has nothing in predictable. He tries moving by defending the Democrats. Long live atheist and member of theitarianism. Aw, geez. The libertarian's now. And was I defending the Democrats. What do I say to the big human show today? Right. I'm a pots on their house. A pots on a pots on their house now. It's a potsy on their house. Here's what I says happy anniversary. You're fairery. I've been listening since the KAT days. Love Jim. Oh no. Jim. Not that, dude. You never know. What is that Jim Parkpit? Oh, God. Hi. This is Jim. Love your show, Neil. Love you. Love you. You. You. In mealy, I said, happy anniversary. Thanks for the good times in this hellhole we live in. Lawyer list of 15 years. And also on the bottom on the left hand corner, it says happy anniversary from your number one lady fan. Love you, Linda. There's all the lady fans there. They're one of the roof fans or lady fan. Here's a facts from Jack. I wonder if that's Jack with the hands. Oh, I don't think he can write with those hands. Congratulations. I have a listing since I was a kid over 20 years. Called once for a poll suggestion. Sorry about that. I had no work out in me that day. You are the best. Thanks for having a pair. Always tell you like it is to make this laugh in the process. Not an easy thing to do. Always listen to you daily on the internet. This is below is my humble attempt at making you laugh and only got a goody. Oh, it's a joke. Thanks to very much. Here's one that says, what is a whole lot of facts is made. You said we would get 30 today. Not 30 man. Did nobody say, Josh? It's what he said. Him a little face. I wouldn't get to. I just might keep these as like a souvenir. Who are I? You think I'm actually going to put these on my shoes? Oh, those things. Someday you should. You have one. So that you don't fall down. There will be other icy days. Let's listen to me. Yeah. The icy day that I fell down. You would have fallen down. Josh would have fallen down. He would have been in the world. There were like a toy. There were teenagers falling down. They were smart answers. And whoop. There they went. You know who would have fallen down. I didn't really take the kind of fall you think. I did not like the one. Amsterdam when I took that rolling fall. There was a lot of time ago. Trust me. You know who didn't fall down? People were those things. Why was I going to say Dr. Bob? Oh no. He's a funny doctor. Bob would have had those. He sent him to me. If he had sent him to Dr. Edkins. He's still me with us today. Well, I don't care about him. Well, I do. He was my buddy. Yeah. What? Are you not going to Dr. Bob now? No. Then tomorrow. Oh. Any says. Congratulations on your 30th. Thank you for being so entertaining. I'll listen to you every day in the car on the computer. I've been listening ever since the Zaded Days. You're the voice of reading this crazy place. I believe you always had your finger. I had my finger on it. In or on the pulses out there. That basically sucks. When you retire him out of here. This place is only variable because you make me laugh. I'll lay down for not laughing. I'm listening something important. You're talking about PSI. Have me a rarge disease. Every time our friends call me. I answer Neil hates you. They think I'm crazy and so do I. Thank you so much for being the'll never come right. I'll take you. Any of our teenagers is named in Z and he's still good. How do you like that? I wonder if he's got this the pulse of the Arab street. If I'm sure he's got his finger right there on it. He said he's got his finger somewhere. Happy 30th anniversary from the somebody who works for the city. Mommy far rescue. Unnamed obviously we know actually doesn't have it. No, it doesn't have it. Does it? Is that a thing? Hey. I don't know if that last word is that after the X's and the O. I'm a feta. Yeah. Thank you so much for the many years as smiles he brought to my life. I'm a 40 something lady. It is her name. It's been most of her life. Let's be doing join every minute of it. You accompanied me on the radio my first day of real work and I would be still when I squeeze you in on. I'm really not. Few squeeze in me. You're a miss for all of South Florida. PS. Sorry about I'm off to get my ashes now. Oh yeah. We keep forgetting man. It's ass Wednesday. Oh everybody get a little ass there. Oh look at that. Thousands of protesting pushes visits in the Delhi. And many Indians look at that. I'm so excited. I'm so excited that maybe made tomorrow on nuclear energy. Same. Tell us more about that and how important that is. How pissed off these people are. They're calling it from out. Well the deal is very important. And that's because people all over the rest of the world are on abortion, including right here in Canada. As boring is what's your name thinks it is. I don't think there's anything at all boring about it here. But then what what I know about it is Simon. I saw Florida baby. That's exciting. Sitting out there in the patio. Listen, the palm trees. You know, swaying back and forth in the breeze. Wow. And of course being just a stone served from the saw grass. How much work do you have to get the man? Selfie. Eric in California says happy anniversary of Emerson since 90. Growing up surrounded by a bunch of homophobic Cuban hypocrites. I grew up ashamed of my sexuality until I heard you're showing. I didn't have to be some screaming queen or live in the closet hanging out in chat rooms or in Westland like so many of my Cuban sisters. They're doing the limbo rocket, the tea rooms in Westland believe you me. They're looking at them. Maybe they let their guayabera under there. I don't know. I also got to have a lot of Florida forever. The bestest is in my life. I download the showless and do it later because I live in another time zone. So stick it up your ass, herb. Cisera. That's herb from Carl Springs. Which you notice herb never followed up the tax before any tax yesterday. But the follow up tax which bears out what I said full of crap. Totally airzots. I mean I'm sure that there are people listening to whatever else they like, whether it's Howard or so then they're fine. Like I said, don't bother me none. Don't even know. Not even a little teeny tiny bit, herb. You're mass me of herbic gold. No, that's wrong with my commatials. Just another quvatch. What best describes the 30 years on a year in South Florida? 1341 votes. Unbelievable. 146. Can you say that again? Entertaining 405. The pulse is out for 83 just barely make it a move on a Richter scale. A real myth about 81 especially even for the glam and the herb street. Fund 74 informative 61 a miracle 56 ponders enough already 48. I'm resigning just because of them. Provocative 45 still funny. So we're like, oh 4.9% we've got to under 5 for the moment. That means that the nationers will be a most whole family even as grandkids are like voting now. Simulating 18 lucky, aggravating 4 and enlightening 2. See, enlightening is just zooming up there with the pure hosts. Told you. Yeah. People don't want to be enlightened. They want to be entertained. They want to chuckle or tune. They want a little bit of a laugh on earth because the world is a slaughterhouse. It's a bunch of crazy people. The politicians and the popes and the religionists and the getchies out there and be sure and shrew for a few asses on your forehead. Okay. Just to make sure it's kosher. You know, Brian Schmutz, actually speaking to Schmutz came in this morning. I cannot believe it. Well, I do believe because I know he's a good kind of real salesperson. Could you believe that that he actually is like conscientious enough to tell me that copy is older than Methusels grandma, they did August 22nd last year for they love to leave it. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's conscientious. He really cares. He's a salesholder. When you're shopping for shoes comfort fit and value is what it's all about. I've been telling you about Brandy shoes for a very, very long time and luckily a lot of you go in there and get your shoes and you ought to too. Because they treat you great. They give you friendly personal service. Make sure you get a perfect fit and they got the best selection too. Rockport, floor shom, echo, mafisto, new balance SAS and the best prices as well. It's an unbeatable combination. Ask for Arnie when you go to Brandy's Arnie. We'll make sure you get the perfect fit of the right price and even at Brandy's. They specialize in wide width as well. If you have those big fat, flat feet. Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in town for a style comfort fit, value, ventilation, and always think Brandy's shoes. There were 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach. Open daily to line and every Sunday till 5. And it's a great time to buy new balance this week at Brandy's. All great men's women's styles 10 to 20 bucks extra off this week. So be sure and get into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. And when you go into Brandy's, be sure and tell them that Brian Schwitz sent you in. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. Excuse me, but I do believe that's a act. Well, back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, America's youngest child show host, 6-year-old Neil Rogers. Okay, this for Don's Neil. And there's some minutes left in the hour. Let's take some calls to all the people that like life was. And they said, no, my business. Yeah, we're a little nicer there. Okay, well, I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. And I said, no, my business. Yeah, we're a little nicer there. Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of a mountain. Have a nice life, though. Tell us. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Come on, you're on. Yes. Neil. Yes. Neil, you're a stinky, pink, gluesmith and said, we're at a penalty. Hey, Carl. Thank you so much. Did you say, Pam, this seems to be good. No, I'm hungry. I want my bike to the most every Saturday to the show. And this guy calls me named. She and my new sister. Same on you. But we have missing some of those fat boys at the Marine P. I'm not going to be a little bit more. No, what are you doing about this? This is my time. I'm not in the world in the space between you and me. Hey. Oh, oh, oh, oh. It's my time. When it's a pass, huh? Hi, Neil. You're used to be such a nice boy. How am I your fat tower? Yeah, but you can't share enough. You can't share enough. I don't need this. It's all for us from our stations. Composite our Marla. For dinner. But instead, I say you're an entertain, you grow test. Steps here and you do that. Unbelievable. To me, how are you? Oh, is this Neil Rogers? Look at the front, are you on serve? How fat again? Do you have a dial phone or a lamp? No, I had to put it to the operator. Phew. Phew. Let's see. What's the game today? Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, no. You don't know what he was saying about you. He's a dog-ream, old man. The clowns are always funny. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in two? Oh, shit. I just said. And if you see he's saying, now, I totally had to. Oh, what? Okay. Let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell. Bye, hope not. Oh, oh, oh. 21 past noon, breaking news. Yeah, I will take pretty guilty of the arm robbery of a pizza delivery man last spring. Pizza. Oh, for me. In a deal, I could then have up to 30 years. Last 30 minutes. I'm a prison, but spare him a possible license for violating probation in the 99 killing of that young girl. He was just wrestling. And what he is with is attorney, Ellis Ruben. Hey, Ella Chalas, I've been thinking you're a defense is really stinking. You know, rise and more. And he just gave out here a short time ago speaking to my 30 years in the market. And I was shortly after I arrived on the scene. The rise and more went to the December. It was the TV intoxication defense that Ella came up with for Ronnie. Nice going. That worked really well. Oh. Take the youngest person in modern US history when you receive a life prison sentence. Yes, sir. When I said he would take you leave the robbery by Broward Circuit Judge Jolti Lazarus, whose schedule sentencing for April 3rd. Take good received between 10 and 30 years. Not 30 men prison. They've also been that he violated probation by for assessing a gun during the May 23rd robbery had gone pointed at it for pizzas were $33.60 and would violate laws by doing so. Lies of a seven, eight sentence he imposed his bills violations run concurrently with the robbers sentence. The guilty plays the latest twist in a long run in case the tape was convicted while we know, but he beat the book. But that way, all that stuff. So there you go. There you stand there with Ellis Ruben. With that beard, nose of glasses on, I've done look at the over 100. Nice going. Ellis, you are doing it, baby. Now, Brad says, first started listing when I moved here in 1988, loved it. They didn't have anything like you where I came from. Lexington Kentucky. Oh, but they should like the horse around up there. Captain Dave the bird are these pants or two tight, you know. It's just a family in this position. I'm going to take my hand and say what I love. Yeah, there you go. I'll play some pants music. No, I can't take it. I take it off. I'll do there on buckle of man. Two tights in this position with these damn pantalones on. Anyway, Captain Dave the bird, P.P. from Pepper Pines, it was a beautiful thing. But listening, ever since, also listen to Bill Calder for while as well. Rest in peace. And only called a few times over the years, some people have to work for a living. There are many times I wanted to do, but just didn't have the time. Went to a few remote's back in the day. Daniel Highlight, Festival Free Market to it, a Hollywood. My favorite show was one day on WOD, probably around 91. You were running about how somebody had taken your parking spot. You suspected somebody a channel 7 after two hours of national teeth and hell raising. Somebody alerted you that you had parked in the wrong spot. I spit out my Wendy's frosty all over my windshield. Congrats on 30 years. But, turn me in. I've enjoyed the last 18 deeply grateful for last all of us for that. Thank you, Matt. And maybe he's confusing that maybe could have been I would give him maybe was a Jack market. Yeah, that was, well, I was OD. Right, right? Yes, it was. That was the a passion I OD. Well, excuse me. Hey, Jack, Mark, by the way, is dead. I just mentioned that. And passing, I'm still around and he's dead. So you can have your parking spot back, Jack. Navy Neven's rights. George, you're good. She says it's a debond. You're good. Thanks, lady. You're good. I mean, I'll take it. Yeah. She says, my junior, I've been your lawyer. Listed us as a minute, the garlic festival. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, time, Denver, you got to rot and help for that one. I figured that. We spoken a few times in the old days when there was freedom of the airways. How I miss our casual and fun talks, which I took so for granted. I've been listening on the web since moving to New Jersey. I visit, oh, this is from Hackett's town. That to be confused with Hackett's sack, which is a real sack. I visited South Florida in February. Couldn't wait to return home. How did I do the time there 20 years? Doing the time is a good way to put it in a day. When you're at South Florida, you're doing time. You're doing a hard time. You may recall my faxes. You haven't given my daughter Julie who were an item in Miramar. It's a name. I also shared political law. Oh, sure. We don't forget Nadine. You have a wonderful town that our Georgia lives in. I wish the station owners give you the support of superior credit money. You deserve. Oh, so to why. You keep their station alive. Happy anniversary. Keep talking. Take me, Nadine. She's right on top. I'm thinking like we knew in for like another five years for like Monday. Wednesday and Friday into our doing to the end through day. Okay. What? Can I start to get paid if that happened? Well, I'm talking about, you know, I'm talking about the part of the year when you're not doing, uh, uh, not the summertime. The other months. Mm-hmm. That's how like good idea. Sure. I'll get my new age and write on it. Tough. Yeah, I think I think that's how to be my agent. My PR personally. I always be salesholder for this show. He certainly has the zeal for it. He's got the zeal. You're fairie. Or the squeal. And the appeal. As Wednesday, maybe we start rubbing it and smearing it. By the way, we're at, uh, 260 for the CD so far. All right. Let's, let's get a thousand of a for a good start. What do you say? Not be good. That would be good. Maybe they only been out there a short while on. I don't know if we can do a thousand two hours. We could do it. We can. We can do it. You people can do it. Get out. They're good off your ass. Okay. 30 years. I gave you for free. The prices right. Calacop 20 bucks for those poor little dogs and cats. I'm planning to progress you. Dogs and cats. The plan number one is on the southeast quarter of Pazin University in the Houders Parking Lot and van number two is on the southwest corner of 27th Avenue. It's one of my monthly shell gas station. They got the new Bob 30 man CDs and the commemorative t-shirts. Only 20 bucks. Come on. Fork over the 20. We want your money. This gives the F and money man. I'll tell you guys. Then I would be for a long, long time. And that's my buddy Richard from Toronto. As a matter of fact, the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. The food continues to be great. Frersion delicious. And he still kicking ass. The Emerald Coast continues to be Florida's number one aging gourmet buffet is ready to buy a get restaurant review. And now we're be Friday through Sunday that you can enjoy lobster fest. Featuring main lobster served thermodore style on every night of the coast is crab face with last in snow crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-shell in a sushi bar with over 30. Not serving man. If you're not in the counter, if you don't believe me. If I'm lying, you're dying. The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious succulent New York state's cooked order hand-car per maribb. And the weekends for dessert-league room for that Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain. It's almost obscene. You can hand-diff your own strawberries. All kinds of fruits. Marshmallows. Other than treat your stick those babies right in there. Check out all the new Sam Tungtai over Kassushi for my bag. All you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi. Tuna to Taki over 20 times sushi rolls. The Emerald Coast got three can be locations for you. In sunrise, sunny Osviet and Pemberpines. Reservations suggested called nine five four. Five seven two thirty eight twenty two. This is meal rosary. This is five sixteen. Faces. Beyond God. können! Man's Day. I have to accept! mai tzanyay. You ain't getting none. We all are the serious games you, You lie in your skin. Ready, dream on, ready. You'll never have me. Sorry, Steve, but ready. Little bitch with three, you'll never have me. Sorry, Steve, but ready. Little bitch with three, you'll never have me. Little bitch with three, you'll never have me. You'll never have me. You'll never have me. Everyone knows the only one who's here. You'll never have me. Now, bloodshot and waded, talking trash with a smile. You have stopped your ass, and they've been out in a while. You've been out. You've been out. So there's another package down there. Chris, there's not a lot of ass wins there. There's a large package down there. And being the curious type that I am on the next break, I'll do the same thing again. I heard you were kidding me. Huh? That's a good idea. Well, who knows what they'll might be. You're not a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little suggesting it just yet of a little bit of a little bit little messy Potetti with this Giant I just bought about 30 men in can't wait to hear it Steven started line on that what you can do right now by tourists all he might have gotten in on the event he drove there one a big part are told amounts for eighty we can do the thousand easy can't wait you can do it yeah by a to a clock that's a piece of cake when you know the first ten grand we got to make that's all just to pay back the easily so this is a good to it's five they put up five it only cost five all really really well how come it is that he's always a hit me up for ten uh... i think in previous year we had more merchant dice and honestly we have occasions of this dope all have you one of your , don't know which one is along her media you said lead are police expected Church of crack packages from him. Let's see, here's one that says from Christopher in Wellington. Christopher, hey congratulations on about 30. I'm 24. I've been listening about six years in the woods on the wrong demographic. No, you're the right demographic. Chris, send a picture. Anyway, Moe wanted me to forward forward this to you. And it's invitation. You're currently invited to attend a pizza party for Moe Howard David and what is that say? Oh, Chuck E. Jesus. Oh, don't. Don't do. Boys are back in town next week. There'll be a checkered pass only a fair. And then it says, Moe, Moe, Moe, Moe, my teachers lie for me. Also, I might as well have a lot of deal for both of Brian News and the song. It's a parody of M&M's asked like that with content based on our charm. Moe, here's some lyrics. Moe Howard David, why did you have to become such an ass like that? Now we don't get to hear you under video with all your toy dodois. Here's the next 30. Thanks Chris. I like that. All right. And I'm going to go to that pizza party. So let's see the dois are back in town of that would be a good bit. I feel like I'm getting cheated here. Why? But he already works. Well, no, I'm not talking about that, but just run it up and down these days with these packets. That's good for you. Well, what I can't package. Art and sea brain. Jew and sea brain. My god, Art Lefko, it says thanks for 30 years of string up the gray matter and Schmidt along with the facts and laughs. Always the listener never call her. Good for you, Art. Thank God. From sea brain, these facts are coming in from all over the in place. Good guy. Important places like, you know, hack it'sville, New Jersey and seabroon, Florida and Nashville. You're just going to love Nashville. Here's one that says I remember first listen to you when I was seven years old writing around time. My mom's tinto eating tintos and cheese from Taco Viva. Oh, Taco Viva. That was the one that had the, no, maybe with tacos or later, had the sweet cheese, you know, that we'll, oh, man, I was so good. You know, I'm talking about the liquid cheese. Oh, I'm not a reader. I'm not a taco's old lady. There was what I'm sunset and candle. In fact, that was in the same little scripture shopping center that Godfather's was in. Am I good buddy? What's that was his name? Have you? Right. Do you have any years ago that is like 10? 10. That was a W. Newsman. Sorry. Like, that was like about 25 or 25 years ago, 20 at least 20, 23, 24 years ago, which, hey, have you? Of course, now have years of daughtering old man like Jim Park in that bit, you know. I'm, I'm the point I was going to make, isn't it? I remember his name after all these years. That's something, all of his reason. No, no. Anyway, oh, man, God, that Godfather's. Neil, I first remember listening to you on a seven-year-old Yadiada, thinking, wow, what a puts. I am not 27. I was new sometimes in tears laughing so hard. I still am a puts though. This is from Ben. Your real stress will be from daily work. Thanks for all the left. I too have serious benefits. You show, well, each or hard out, herby in the cool strings. Here's another guy who's got serious, but he don't miss this show. Okay. If you can listen to Howard, the West Coast, the East Coast, the central feet, the feed, the feed, the feed, the face, whatever you like. Kirby. And you know, it's we never got a thanks back, very suspicious. I said the boys are back in South. Why do you love? I got a long, useful, fool. I know I've been thinking of going on with Dadou. Why I even know all the new my job rules. Up to the judge. Daddy, over. You can't just go and talk to a guy who's a baddest, you know when I take you place. I know I need no one's going to need. But when they drop my voice, you'll see. You little smoothies. That's why I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. This is a new Roger. This is 5.62. Then because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the National Guard. Not the National Guard. No National Guard in Iraq. No National Guard. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. You fight. You're shaped in power. You're fighting. You're fighting. You fight. You win. But then you must die. You die. Oh yes, you may hate us. But both will have his way. You're with fight. Will you make you die? For you not. And will we fit in battle. For the judge on those times. We've got to push the blame. Fabulous. I absolutely want to be safe. But then on the check, pray for the truth. Hey, come on, Paul. You fight. You fight. You fight. Free. You fight. You fight. You fight. And will you die. Free. Free. And. So for. To die. Dr. Trubba. When those arms six people. Or two by. We would make. Me, you die. No. Thank everyone for 90 blessings. When we now control. All scoundrels are dying As for the territory We want to give it to the part of two hate women But they say we die We're changing short minds And if we'll see harm You'll find a high of the old days gone And if we'll see harm Stay tuned to the part of the truth First we'll own that new truth To the fight we will make you die I'm dying of a hand About 46 and 2M so which mind brought where is Yoda? Through Wow, I'm sorry I started an on Monday and it showed up already That's a mirror It must have known it was as wings It's on the baker to show it at the same time So All right, you see that? All right, great minds work away So you got your challenge I do I do I do I do work on his vehicle scalapini Right Yeah, right This facts you're from Marty This just really peaks my curiosity Plus we're up to 760 by the way 760 man You see Here's my goal My goal is 8M personal goal I'll tell you my goal Oh seriously my goal is to get that 5M back by the end of this week And then after that it's all gravy Now is that I'm realistic that No, because that's only 3 days between on How are we gonna find out how much we're doing online Because if I were last time we get it so we've got a report For Merrick From the guy that's right in the stove Run on the stove Oh yeah, I need a Rajas though he reports to Miguel And Miguel reports to us I So we have what's 71760? Yeah Sounds like WJR Detroit Or maybe a CSP and radio and Palm Beach Because that Evan Cohen is on air And Jim Sartney just obsessed with Evan Cohen I think he wants him Marty says congratulations on your 30th I grew up in Rochester Went to school with you And even attended Eagle Cove In with fellow Snyder Camp, summer camp I've enjoyed listening you for 20 of your 30 years And I'll listen on the next What I'll listen on the net And lucky I got out of the South Florida Thank God Marty You're one of a kind And the you do better you'll be missed by all Congrats again And oh good show George How do you like that? Marty from Rochester I wonder who the hell that Marty is Because he went to school I mean he went to summer camp Me and I met him already He's old and like me And cragging now Oh if we could just turn back The hands of time please Just for a few days Just for a few minutes Let's see Look at the artwork on this one Oh this is way This is the very mysterious ray We have an effect from ray in a long time Every reason I think that this was ray peri Right but it's not it's not of course Because ray isn't this talent He's a good guy He's a good guy Let's see the greatest tune of all time Was who and then it's got Buffalo Bob there And it's got I don't even know who these characters are Do you wouldn't that be clear about Oh that's clear about Okay I'll rest in you because I don't know Yes And then who the but I who's that in front GW Oh I see Yeah what the lmao They call it himself Baseball bats and cartoons The audio and the art It even takes life heavy 30 From ray thank you ray a lot of work I'm not going to tear that up yet I'll do it after the show I don't want to do it on the air It was sound like Well you know that's how it is like with a greeting card You know he wrote that it for a second or two And then they smith can And you know oh gee I've got a Oh we've got a hour and picked out a nice card You've got to let it linger for a little while Then you on my finger WCWAM hello Happy birthday Yeah Happy story 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the Levi's and sing it a while A smile See it's like it's like in life we all Med people that we don't want it's like when you Want those appearances and their people You who are the mark to their face I don't want to see you I don't want it no for me I don't want it And the more you tell them that the more they Just continue showing up In other words you will tolerate me What do you want to or not That's what the answer is No I won't I won't There's just even on this day My daughter is winning There's just some people who won't be on the air Just like yesterday 5 6 7 0 5 6 the will do a little Flurry of call here we're in a spurcing a few calls Along with a plethora of taxes The taxes are a Mahaya Believe you me Even if you don't know what that means WCWAM hello Only once for the raspberry guy You're over your quota QAM hello That wasn't him This is a go over that guy Washing you happy 30? Yes sir Hope you enjoyed the fucking coward There's nothing to do And whatever you do The side to retire Contracts across Are you going? Have a good life And I love it all Okay back to you, Pally Okay Thanks He's always talking like it's You know the last supper or something Right I have the Bar at Wednesday Let's not get too emotional I'm not going anywhere And I know Sonny Shrine and Man It's a beautiful day I'm going to walk right out there in the sunshine today I was not for long ago But I'm just still about to radio Yeah, I'll put on my steel belt and shoes Love it too there are too many people in Ontario They got steel belt and shoes I bet you there are Get out of here I'm going to ask my cab driver about that Tomorrow I'll head a woodbond I'm going to ask my cab buddy Ever hear of course what does he know he's livin' ease I don't think they wear steel belt and shoes I love it I know I don't imagine Dominic QAM hello No God Yes sir No that was a request Oh Oh I thought you're great Oh God There he goes Go away I was request for what I haven't played a brick sender yet Definitely got to do that That's all for no city In other three years we can do that again How's the pull coming? We got 13 on a revolts yet What best described the old 30 years on the air in South Florida? We got 1438 Oh man I haven't even been looking I've been too busy sletting up and down the stairs We're talking 40 Grabbing packages Unbelievable for 89 Unbelievable for 69 Something like that Entertainment 434 The pulses out of Florida 88 A real midsville 87 Fund 77 Informative 63 A miracle 57 Provocative 50 Pondrous enough already 53.4% Ah-ha Still 23 1.5% So that's still 4.9 It's bubbling under 5% Siddilating 19 Lucky 9 And lightning 8 And aggravating 4 Well good That's the most proud that last 4 aggravating That's what I'm here for You aggravate me I turn around I aggravate you back Ah-ha How you like that Ah-ha So look at the view How's the yellow one? Of course Where the? Thanks to our friends John the Baker for your father For your father Inzo the Baker Let's see here's one And it's a copy of an ad that appeared on page 5B And the hero today the Metro and State Section it says Veriden today's Miami hero 5B What to make front page of the has written an Arthur Teo? Okay, let me give it a shot First of all The same time maybe Jim D'Fease is Can come and record my suicide That's the ad that we placed And there's one in each paper to Advertise the disc Right, it will succubate We covered the disc right Right, so you know that that will show up Wherever the hell it shows up But it says 30th anniversary show today Now don't tell me you pull out of these in a Sunsemble I paid for that I didn't put anything anywhere No, because the Sunsemble didn't give a Squat they didn't give it the sweat off of There are cheeks Okay Arthur asks They gave us nothing That's just time Jacob but all you other Go ahead and move it into Sunsemble It's a real fly-opter man It really tells me a lot I don't expect much I'm in fact even if it would have been a Sliced out if they would have ripped me an ass Just a little recognition Okay after 30 long ponders Freak in the years man That ponders thing is about a point It is ponders Like swimming upstream Like trying like a like our quadriplegic try to do Mountain climbing you know not easy They can get down the mountain real quick though Wow, that's another story And I hope that the people with Sunsemble Have equal luck At the same task Let's see congratulations On 30 years of the most entertaining mind opening Rate of the South over the long facts Ever heard I've been a lawyer A list of for 27 years I made you many years ago When my partners the publishers that I've Sighted magazine Bob and Adam Can you studio for a rare magazine If you remember that Good people Remember that day then is now you spoke to your mind Give the public what it rarely gets the truth I've migrated across many radio station Nobody is a lawyer A listener member all the above wife she worked with over the years Today is always you shine above them all And now you have 30 years of excellence I'm running in love in their face I'm running out first I'm Schmer and the ashes on their forehead Then I'm running the 30 years in their post Study like that Just rub it Yeah You are the best radio townfist market is ever had You are a legend a god the best thing to have To sell photo radio ever you are absolutely correct I agree with everything you say Where would this is? It'd be great to know that you had many years of local radio ahead of you But that's just a selfish wish Whatever time you have left in this market See this is like a death derage here Go on this some of this stuff You know I'm in the fairly decent health better than George Well it's your last show, don't you know Is it? Whatever time you have left in this market Even if it's only two more weeks Thanks for about 30 years of this Now go to your brains out That's tomorrow Because we got the ball game tomorrow So the fact I can get out of here early tomorrow Like this me anfo Next to our hour I can lose all easy 800 900 That hour Easy If I'm dumb enough to play those dollar wheel of fortune Here's a message to all you punters out there Do not get sucked in that dollar wheel of fortune There's no there's no upside to it You know Like the chance to really win anything big on here Like getting it by a bolt of lightning You've been hit the big jackpot The hundred and sixty six That's right So what's the upshot? I'm playing there the other day a couple days ago There's a woman she hits What is what she gets you got like 18 grand on the quarter machine And then like two weeks before the woman hit the quarter mania It would buy him for $425,000 Playing quarters Quarters You know what I'm saying? Yeah To it for my blood I played the nickels They got nickels and pennies of woodbind From heaven pennies for rumor And I can't believe I don't have a thing here for rumor For all you've done for him For all the deals that I bought them I don't even have a facts here from Jeff Remer Sam's happy 30th anniversary in 10th For all the females in Ruth Chris No, there's a phone call I shouldn't have to come up All I think is during the three days because I had seen call here bugged me before I went back down here You know you're going to be a Florida anytime in February I like a schmuck I tell him the day's there was going to be there Oh well we're going to be there because it was during the Olympic break There was no NHL so he wasn't working Oh and how about we got to go to dinner How about Ruth Chris? Ha ha ha You know nervous laugh I said no thanks And he was not afraid to buy either believe me I guess you believe me Yeah I believe Let's see we got the guilty to a clock including Eric Reed who talks to his teeth we got Eric Reed from the heat of 330 I have no idea if that's all about but it sure is bad radio Jim managed it for Curtis Stevens in 7th to 830 Hurricane warm up at 830 at 9 o'clock at UN and Maryland Let's see the Turks or the Turks Is it the Turks? The Turks? The Turks? It's been a Turks a tyrant so we got a broadcast Any K follows that basketball This is Neil Roger What solid this is 560 880 It's not just the one to two hour It's a phenomenon The who'd you both for? I was only other guys, darling What other guy? They're Republican guy Oh no man I know I'm sorry today I want to break Which one is your both for? I'm not going to get into it, Ted You'll freak out on the OK? Not no way Yeah That's the who'd you freak? Who'd you freak? Which one is the specific? What's his name man? I'm not going to argue about it The guy from CNN? Ted Turner yes Oh man You voted for 15 I voted for Ted Turner Dude Why? Send a police right into my pants I can do Why don't you send a police right into my pants? And if you're not, Ted And let them come over Then tell me God And you are like you're going to elect the thought police Ted Ted, this wasn't a presidential election This is a primary OK I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side You need a chance to vote for the other side Reap? What? My pal Rick voted for a nothing I knew this would be I didn't vote for a nothing Oh she ended 101 No only you hated my poison I met a past one We got guilty Come up with two Like I said that should be real tweet Let's say Richard and Robin And Norman Beach floor to say congratulations On 30 years Your 30 years is quite significant Since most things the last day Long usually become stale And pantering to the elements down there Well I would never do that I'm very pleased to know that you show His age like fine wine over the years It's better than ever Except for the joysteal when is she leaving Not soon enough that bitch We hate you, Joyce The whole audience would like to come and lynch your dumb ass And by the way Norman tells me it looks like a hyena I'm in a fan of your since KAT You were the only voice of reason during the Alien Gonzalez controversy Was you the kid my wife and I say it through it all Oh poor little alienito How come he ain't called in yet? We now live in Orman Beach Right away from the incines I'll let him let his south Florida I work from home and your show is always on my future Between 10 and 2 Congrats again And the bagpipe still cracked me up in my wife Keep up the good work Howard who it says? Howard who? I don't know I think they're talking about Howard Stern Oh you know they got a CBS in swing And they're not rightfully so we did Oh no I hadn't heard No No actually then I'm making that big of a Simis about this which kind of surprises me You know it kind of the I think he's oversaturated at this point You know? Just come in a little bit One out Lorry and balmers says Well you got a lot of ladies out there I told you we got If the ladies would just go out those damn diaries We could have a 15 share You don't have to be embarrassed It tells wrong with them Somebody would fill them out for them My former co-workers introduced me Showback in 89 have listened as often as I could ever Since you lasted a bit Consues a couple of this kept me same during my 30 years I escaped from proudly November 99 Just 2 weeks before Alien floated to shore Are you lucky, Lorry? I've been turning everyone I know here in Baltimore I'm on to your show and your website You have a considerable fanbase up here Mostly women How do you like that? Oh Biggest to all the ladies in Baltimore Oh! From this old fang Thanks being there through the years You never let me down PSI be ordering a CD layer today Thank you, Lorry What a sweetheart That's a lovely heart, that's wonderful Yeah Or you say that very sarcastic Don't you know I'm sorry I was worried about that I'm not a bitch so I'm gonna sell it over here Oh, I was looking for a lot of people It's great the pepper and genie there is a smoking All right Yeah, then pepper and genie You're eating the pepper and genies You know something I don't want to talk to you anymore No, I just Here is a guy that's got irritable bowel That's like always thinks he's on death story Find a way to the doctor Doctor said or anything really bad for your doctor Stuck his finger up the desk That's not that deep anyway And in any rate and he's eaten hot peppers If you have irritable bowel you can't eat hot peppers And said you're like the two-let things some sides man Okay But I'm I'll get I wrote the book on irritable bowel Believe you me right I'll give you the instructions Only two more needs some apple sauce Apple shawr And no, and the good thing with you is that you're not diabetic So you don't have to worry about see like me I can't even eat apple so far You care because it's like mostly sugar Right you as you got it How's the secret cruise doing she calling you? That's all one of the rejoins we're going to be playing See like who's great See now this is much better day even I'm enjoying this we got a lot of you taking a few calls Got a lot of nice back just thousands of resilience a few more to come and do not any of those stupid can try phone calls And then we had the nice thing who got rich ought to do that thing And we got some good girls at the email That was really nice thing thanks a lot We're here he's a good guy Guy are too many good guys left and ready anymore more so the good guys who did you know Bill Colter, Beneri Big Wilson Jim Harper I wouldn't say was a good guy he was all right He was not in the year he was a he was our he always had the same purple sweater He was the production guy at I&Z boy he was strange man Jim Harper who's a good guy though to me Not a good guy That was a strange place we had Nancy to receptionist he's been dead for a long time She had a little bit of a Of course working there with 10 Williams in that crowd I can understand easily why and Stanley Cohen on that's right I forgot about Stanley Jay Cohen If anybody want ask me who was the worst general manager of a workforce I would tell you right up front Leaving great setting Greg read the side of that possible because nobody I've a workforce could lie like him But the Stanley Cohen and 10 Williams there at I&Z what a what a perfect that was Thankfully interrupted in between was a Gary Lawrence. Thanks Gary I think last time we did this like on the where the hell was it Maybe we stole I O. D. I think Gary Lawrence called in like maybe the 20 and that's right. That would have been on I O. D. Right okay Gary Lawrence called in Bill tool called in a workforce for the J&O West Palm Beach with a landgreen pants. Remember that Bill tool and he was In the Baton Rouge says I've been loyal listening to you ever since I returned home the West Palm Beach from college You have the 86. I don't remember exactly how I find you on radio, but I'm glad I did and so are we from ever from passes fairly often from back on Rouge Prior to finding you I listened to Lee Fowler Western peace and Jack Cole Western peace and see what I mean They're all dead On Jay and always Palm Beach both of those guys are long gone, but you're still here kicking ass I'm always still alive. I'm still on the air. How do you like that huh? Are you naysayers out there? Me. Yeah. As mighty Python would say the naysayers And that's what they say in Amsterdam to me. I've been told that too many times by the way. I think I may be your only blacklist who interacts with this show. I used to call you from time to time, but now I've actually went to months and said that I'm Beth Ambrouche Well, and by the way, I hate to term African American. I'm not from Africa. I'm from West Palm Beach Florida, dammit. Well, good. How about West Palm Americans dark. There you go. My greatest memory was when you received a call from a black. I was said Neil I'm calling you from a cell phone I just stole from a cracker. You were in George head before laughing and couldn't stop. I like that. Anyway before I get too carried away congratulations. I love you when I look forward to hearing you on the radio another 30 years Even if they have to prop you up like CNN does with Larry King. I don't have any suspenders yet, but uh huh He's he is something. He's like the ghost of Larry King And like I said poor John Stuart why did he come out? I guess they all get around. I was saying, why did he go on there? Why did he do it? Here's one from Ansel, Mayor Laura Lister from Prestige's Aventura, somebody actually in South Florida It says everybody in nice there with the stars all around this very fancy schmancy to live. We don't got TV Everybody has moments in their lives on Khalil. This is one of those times when life unfolds the way it should Well, how do you like that? Happy 30th anniversary of the voice of the recent South Florida. I've been a lawyer listening for the past 15 years I thank you for the last and more importantly. Thank you for opening my eyes about religion. I'm now proud atheist Excellent. Bless you my child. I'll pray for you I understand doing a good job at that radio station. It's like letting your pants in a dark suit. You get a warm feeling but nobody else notices That is sensational. That's awesome. I'm kind of like, I don't want to put too many of these calls in here in Florida good day. I want to overdo it. Do you want to QAM? Hello? Yes sir. I'm here. I have to 30. I don't want to go. How about your best work? How about your best work? Yeah. I don't get it. He's trying to use the drop in there. He's like it's a fast but it doesn't fit. That's the only problem. So the answer is no, but you're right. I am. That's the Marxist when I started us new. I was a born again. All my goodness. Oh my God. Hallelujah. You made Kenless of enlightenment for me over the last 12 years. I've evolved beyond belief. I made about atheists with an open mind. Thank God, Mark. That's. Of course. All the years of school and college you were the first one. Whoever said the thing for yourself and use your own brain. Use your brain. Don't believe all the bubble mice is that they brainwash you with. Because if all the other stuff was true, they wouldn't have to do such a heavy duty job of brainwashing. It wouldn't have to have all those madrases over there in the Middle East. I wrote a hot topic between the orthodox Jews and those getchies over there. It was a brother. Which is worse? Who did mole to disrupt the mankind? The Arabs of the Jews. You always used to say the masses are asses and every year in which you were singing until I watched the lesser results in 2000. It was then obvious to the comment. The masses are truly asses. And of course, they'll leave out Al Gore and John Kerry and the Democratic Party. Who are being steamrolled over it like they don't even exist. And that of course speaking of good Republicans is that whiny, Susan Collins. I noticed that since her appearance would lose a doblar's night this morning, she got religion too. And she said that she's kind of moderating her tone now too, so to speak, her whiny tone. Wow, she's satisfied now that they're going to go ahead with a 45-day review. Of course, like I said, the deal closes tomorrow. The occloses tomorrow with a do we do we do we do we people? And then they just don't let this dog and pony show for 45 days. They'll say, oh everything's fine. Oh, we're fine. I think that's what Dan Stewart said to it. Look what happened to him. God. See there, I'm here. Let me get all whipped up again. They'll go get whipped up. You know, I should get whipped up again. It's twice referred. You know, he can see this is why he irritates me. He can come in there and put on that fine show and that suck around and the yuck yuck yuck. But he doesn't do a job. See, that's what bothers me. You know what I mean? I can yuck it up with you. Well, I think I have no problem with that. I have a good sense of humor. I try to get along the best I can. But the problem is we have some people who want to yuck it up, but they don't want to do their job. And that makes me very angry. Remember that Michael was talking, makes me very angry. Right. It's a car. Yeah. But you think, what do you think? My godson, my godson, orphan. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, hi, commensain. Hey, the waste that he told me. Yeah, he was talking about a little bit of a seed. Oh, and he had those tickets to Vegas. I guess the rest of the family probably used them. They were probably transferable tickets. I imagine. Yeah. You know that they could probably afford to a Schmidt can. I want to be able to. I wonder, what airline they flew? Fulvin is you after one at five. I guess anyone they wanted, right? Right. Probably. At least they didn't have the first class cabin on America. Worst like the Beegees did that time. Right. I'm like, my trip to Vegas. And to think that I did it, it was only toward the end of that show that somebody reminded me about that. Otherwise, I would never done that tribute to the Beegees and wasted that whole day. I've been talking about drug concepts for a long time because I've used them in my house for over 21 years. In fact, they're going to be there this week. I do believe and make those carpets which just like brand new. I encourage you to take advantage of your drug concepts maintenance contract. It provides you with a 10% discount on all of your concept services including their one-for-con carpet cleaning. Even the Schmussius looking carpets in the world of those hopeless looking carpet, they can make looks just like brand new. And they do great leather, drape your original rock cleaning as well. They also specialize in pet or black. They also specialize in pet or treatments, ceramic towel and ground cleaning, mattress cleaning, and a lot more. And don't forget they always give you written guaranteed price up front. And you'll always wind up getting a service by a professional technician who knows this stuff inside and out. You made a big investment while you decorated your home so now it's time to protect that investment called dry concepts today. And let him put everything back into shape and make him look just like brand new. And they'd rout in the Palm Beach is called dry concepts tool-free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web log on to dryconsets.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-A-L-D-O-I-L-D. I hate that station. Yes sir. Yes. I'm wondering if you're talking about these figures. About what? figures, cars, and boats. We're talking about bridges over the causeway. Not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any of my friends. Okay. Yeah. Time down the floor. It's a deep grant. But you're regulated by the United Corps and United. That can chip. No. Well it is. All bridges over the Navababu waterway. If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking to say. I said if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place. Okay. Well all I'm saying is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navababu waterways. Over one? Navababu waterway. Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir? I'm telling you the thing come up with a time. Well what is the time? I believe it's at wish hour times sir. That they are not open to marine traffic. Under the map they are open to marine traffic. So in other words any flood with the boat can come along and back up traffic for you. I'm absolutely correct sir. Well what kind of a communist bunch of crap is there? Sounds like I had a re-indist call. I'm just trying to pick a line. I've got time for a signal. There will be a signal. Wait. Is that a boat is going to stop for 5,000 cars? Is that it? No I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jacket as in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do. Thank you better know your laws, Mr. because you should not. That's right. I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both sides that they are in control. I want the bridges closed period. I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch the MTV and get the hell out of our lives. I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia Tuddle. You know what I'm using? I think they ought to go on a George Washington bridge and jump all of the bridge tenders. How do you like that sir? Well I don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiot. I'm so really correct sir. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Oh! Thank you Susan. Delicious! It was really fun to be again so I mean haha. That actually makes sense. Placing to poster... It was a, you got nothing. in the 70 bucks, that's in just over an hour. So let me hike it again, okay, we can get to 2000 year right. In fact, we can make, we can, we can be well on our way by Friday. We can be over that 5000. We give the beeslies back to it. It's measly, I mean, $5,000 and they wanted back $5,000. My God, the beeslies, $4,000,000, before most of us get up at the morning. What's all we talking about here? What's your crap? What's your cheapose, man? I'd be humiliated in a burst, joys, and Caroline, and George, and Bruce, all the beeslies over there. I'd be embarrassed, plus I'll be relatives up in the year two and a vanjoes. They're still picking it. Anyway, we got the van number one on the South, Southeast corner of Pines and University in the Hooters parking lot. Still two o'clock, we got 40 minutes more to go. We got 40 minutes more to go. So we got a good shot, you're right. We got an outside shot. See, instead of, instead of, like, counten for votes on the poll today, we're counting for dollars on our fundraiser for abandoned per rescue. This is true. And van number two, new to two, from now until another 40 minutes. Southwest corner of 27th Avenue, S1A Miami, a special gas station. See these in commemorative t-shirts, 20 bucks to piece and benefit vanity per rescue before loaded up. And I guarantee that this is the last one of these. This'll be a collectory item until at the final time. You know what I'm saying? In fact, after I croaked, you can probably do one of these. Oh, yeah, because you'll be on there. Yeah. You'll be on there doing your own show. Subwear. That's the idea. But on this station, man, Joe Bell loves you. Why did he say to you, adequate? Right. I'll take that. That's a big step up. Can a day would day? Boy, I haven't had a facts from this guy in a long, long time. In fact, you know something, I remember, I remember a facts we got years ago from Canada day with a who said he had asked his mother. And she said it was OK for him to contact me. Remember that? Yes. I found that brave bizarre. In other words, it probably has something to do with that. You know? The answer is mother and probably Dave is like about 70 now. He says I live in South Florida in the 80s and 90s. I did. But since we turned to lovely Naples New York, just South of Canada, they're going to seem like absolutely. It's great country. Know what? Well, the only thing I missed in Florida was you think, God, near you on the internet. The only way to play. You're right to run a wizard grade city. Absolutely. Radio here. So I'm taking when I hang it up in South Florida. I'm going to come to WNAP in Naples. The big nap on your radio dial. The sisters are crazy not to send the game. You're cutting edge. You're better than gold. Congratulations again looking forward to seeing you some day in the land of blue days and leaves. Oh, please, why did you say that, Dave? Thanks again for your daily honesty and last until the Canada Day, what day? From Canada Day, New York. I'll ride. Well, let's listen a little bit of, oh, they're on commercial. You're lucky. How is it going to put out a little bit of a little bit of a little leaf lunch on there? You're lucky. You're growing. I had lucky. Oh, you're very lucky. In fact, I'm talking to the audience. What happened to NHL network is off to? We got the NFL. What happened to my classic NHL hockey on it? This is a conspiracy is what it is. It's just a black screen. Well, I guess, I guess it's a black and honor of least who's going to be talking about it. But they really suck. Anyway, Gerard says, happy 30th. It's hard to believe it's been nearly 25 years. I accidentally stumbled upon you on a M radio. I have an Avidler-Listner-Vacinci make me laugh. I'll loud. I'll loud. Oh, how come we haven't heard from Bill Tech rhymes with time. I'll loud. Continuous success of the health from Gerard. Thank you, Gerard. I'll loud. Well, let's, and of course, don't forget one of the highlights of my 30 years in town was. Well, me. God, it's so good. Wow, I want to apologize for that right upfront. Actually, they owe me an apology. And so do your friend Marvin Rawman. I wonder how he and D. Foenianians are doing. I think they're all doing fine, no? Jayce, guys, can you put the, well, that's because Marvin, I think Marvin's getting you drugs. They really believe that. Hey, let's go. Go to the other reason when you suck up to an idiot like a- What? Why am I sucking up to fit? Didn't you play that? You don't do it that. Didn't you replace him? I owe him my job. Oh, I see. You owe me your job because I'm the one who, like, have our hurry to get him fired there, right? And they promoted him instead. Well, yeah, I'm sorry. That was the cost for our tasting way. That's right. As in cost of hoist. Jayce says, can you put the track list of the UCDs on the website? Maybe it's on there and I missed it. No, that'd be a good idea. I'm sure Eric can handle it. Anyways, do they see dividends that day when I turned your show on this morning? I thought of all the years I've been listening to. Then I got really pissed off. Damn it, I want the far-sounds back, Joyce. They weren't the whole show, but nevertheless, they were an important part of it. And you'll go out flaming today. Bye, Nate. I thought that was every day. Play the condolences song when a sporadic melody of far-sounds in the background. Joyce is a big fat Harry tumor growing on the neck of the O'Rodger show. Cut the tumor off, Joe Bell. The guy's got 30 years in the market for crying out loud. Your religion, congrats, is Jay. Let me know when you're going to redo what's your favorite card tune pull. And also, let's fill Henry's call it then yet. Are you sure? Oh, yeah. I'm holding my breath. I'm good close friend, Phil Henry. He turned out everybody like a cornered rat. Oh, yeah. He can't recommend anybody in the insuffloading work because I had the audacity to say that he's syndicated show. This is before he became a right-winger. Wasn't as good. I didn't enjoy it as much as when he was on IOD. Well, that's a real shot. I said he was a unique talent and the audio audio. I kissed both cheeks, but that wasn't good enough. I guess I had to put my tongue in the crevice. And I just want to do that for anybody. But Nelson there. Oh, geez. Candy in the crevice. Sweet. Robin Colorado says, have been listening for 20 plus years back to the days of the bird. What does that say? Lighting round, Mr. Ego, et cetera. Thank you, God, for the internet. I still listen almost every day from Colorado. Congratulations, I have 30 years of written and taming video. No one compares. Thank you, Rod. Colorado, baby. A lot of right wingers out there. I'd watch myself if I were you. Howard DeFaction, not Howard DeDavid, did it. It says, congratulations on your milestone. I will decide for a less Palm Beach in the summer of 87. Shortly thereafter, I found you briefly on AM stations that I could barely hear, but you made me laugh. Let's see, 87 would have been, I would be. You could barely hear it. Who? Must have a week radio, how I. Then you disappeared. I found you by accident. And the morning we've kept in David and the bird. I've been a lower-less nervous incident. But I only became a participant in the show. No, that was I in Z. I see. What that's right. I was on I in Z at night. And even in Broward, you couldn't hear the damn thing. In lower-less nervous incident, we only became participant in the show last year. Why do you seem simply to want to entertain? I'm most into where the show when you debunking crap, whether it's government or religion. I may sound funny coming from a religious Jew. There's a person of a synagogue, which you've flown out to an incense and religion that forbade it, and said, the real message which is live in peace and harmony with other people, all other people, much as those who follow the same religion that I do, which would be everyone's goal set up in a tool of division of backwardness. Oh, I. Keep up the good work. And by the way, so third time asking you if you need a new nickname now that Mo is gone, you keep skipping that part of my faxes. How are the faxion? How are the David? No, no, no, no. Okay, but we do have the other staff, the only two and four who is a villain or we stay of Mo, and no, Bo today. What, what are they going to find? I'm at your right. I don't care. I don't know. I was going to say, what are they finding to do something about that two to four? You know, like put a, put a show on. But I guess, you know, the right. Now we're forced into one one. That's, that's me is very aggressive outstanding program. That's the worst thing we had before with the one one. So let's just kind of slack our way along until somebody comes and builds us out. This. By the way, you might think, I'll pay for cash to the bank. You will not permit. Take it to the bank. Shoot these great robbers. You'll start a home home. I'm not going to do it. No, man. Man, man. The question back there is to let me know. He can take two dollars on two pounds. My baby's won the lion. My competitor. Oh, we're following them. Those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. Oh, those are seven. I mean, I can go on and on about George and Josh and Yare. And Yare already said my piece and they get it. But Book of Brian, Chikinek, and KJ, and Guitar Man, and I'll determine, mostly in the past, he didn't know anything a long time. He's gotten too important. They all did so much. But when I stop and think about, if the show had been synicive years ago, I don't so much think about what I have to say as about the country hearing the stuff that this gluten-sick has come up with. Right. You know, I'm talking about, which is why when I see that the comedy services don't take certain things they did for example. Yeah, this is maybe the most brilliant thing was ever done. No, it'll be a certain world. No argument. Will be exploded. So, I'm not that people killed with the gas that long sold him. Right. First time at Grister Nation, and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oiled boy forget about the real man. The new fair toe to have a right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. That is right, as a weapon of past destruction. 3000 people killed. I'm not more god. Let's exploit him instead. Eight there, oil to be knotted. Going after some time to make Plato's summer, there's no longer mention of the name it's lovin' but no a seat to sound all. Humphrey and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration. That control was by fear through the American realization and us. Right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. And I beg, as a weapon of past destruction. The lost civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ash profit saying I have nothing to hide. People thought there's all are saying I know being in Plato don't have any reserve agents out of provoke, battle and world and I elixir, old regime must fall and have a virgin and so with no objection at all to the back of another ball and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our parade and the humans are is not retail. Hello, Neil Rogers. Yes sir. Joe Castello happy 30th anniversary. Oh my god. Oh my god. Yeah. I'm good. Yeah. 30 years man. That's a long time. That is a long time. How did you do it? How did the anniversalize that I'll tell you that? That's for sure. Anyway, I wanted to wish you happy anniversary. But more shows in that. More shows in that. Thank you for teaching me this business. This hell that I'm in. It's all your fault. No I'm kidding. But you and George save my warning me that XM radio is nothing but a bunch of truck driving right next. Thank you for that warning. No no problem. I like them now though. Oh yeah. Now that I'm back in Florida and I broadcast from here. It's so much better. From where? From home? From home? From home? From home? It's a good idea to try it. I've never heard of such a thing as that. Like I said, I learned everything that I know from you guys. Well, I wouldn't spread that around. Well, not everything. I was trapped in Sports Nerd Previctory 1996 WQAM saying what Bruce Warner, what the heck am I doing here? And Neil and George come over from IOD and Joe Castello is saved, baby. So thank you so much on a personal level and the entertainment's been pretty darn good. Well, Greg, congratulations for getting out of that place up there. That's good. Oh, it's so much. We might even like you again someday. I'm not too sure. Yeah, what happened with that? What was what? I don't know. I don't know. I just, uh, you were a little bit annoying there. And I guess it's because you were a psychotic. You know, went through an ask to divorce and working for a bunch of yahu red necks. You know. Yeah. Well, let me tell you being in DC will mess up the mind of you. Well, that's a George kept saying he said he just went to same guy no more, but that's not all that. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I heard the story of George telling the that he puked in my yard with devil horns just days ago and it brought back some great memories. I'll be there. Yes. Well, Neil again. Happy 30. I'm very thrilled. I'm kind of great relations. Thank you. See you. Thank you. Now, how's his pull from consideration today? A compromise measure on the Patriot Act, which was agreed upon by Senator Public and Modowitz and a house to just hear a committee according to the raw story is pretty raw. How states say they're representative F.A. and Senator Bush constantly, how is he a judiciary committee has delayed a vote on the compromise measure. A vote on the Sanunu provision named for Senator John, the Sanunu of Mohan, the University of the Compromise has been yanked from a floor vote in the House today and been rescheduled for next Tuesday. What happens now is unclear the Senate approved the full Patriot Conference report, which the House already is approved and will vote on the Sanunu top. I have a big vote of the House. Good. Still back out of the measure, though, but a team will optimistic after initial scare that the House had dropped the measure indefinitely, meaning that if the Senate approved the Patriot Conference report, the entire bill could go to Bush for a signature without any revisions. And it goes on. But it would, in other words, it's nothing to have. Same old craft. Democrats roll over just like any of your trained your dog roll over, over. That's the Democrats to roll over and spread their legs. Why open? Oh, and speaking of that, Joyce, it's up for several honors and Sunday's Academy Award ceremony, but crash already has taken for his prize for the most curse words in a film nominee for Best Picture. All right. And what do I like it so much? That's right, because it was realistic because that's how people talk. FamilyMediaGuide.com with tracks incidents of profanity, sex violence, and tobacco use in films reported Tuesday. That crash had a 180 to Westwood, isn't 499 utterances of the effort. Oh, no F. The movie about racial tensions in Los Angeles is nominated for six Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Queen Play, and Best Supporting Actor. Fair ass mounting, ranked second among Best Pictures with 92 curse words followed by a Munich with 22, only 22 at small takers. The record for the most part of profanities in a film are with the Best Opser, Oxford. It's held by Platoon with 229, but you didn't know that. Yeah, yeah, that more drama than the dear 100 second would two away. While there's a lot of curse words in more movies, you know? Damn, yeah. FamilyMediaGuide says it makes no judgment on a movie's vibe, but simply tracks instances of profanity, safe violence, and tobacco uses a guy to parents. So, don't let your kids see crash because they say the effort 99 times, how do you like that? 99 times, two by the sudden, it's still about to say 99 yards. Would not have been great. What about, what if he's not here? He's dead. Too bad we missed sunny sunny her, she would go, solid go, Joe Frey, he's dead. I wonder if Jean Tibloom, I forgot to mention him the Hank this morning. Jean Tibloom, he was in the T-room. Okay, he was, he was a, he was a really strange guy. Talk about temperament. He was the assistant news guy that Joe Frey to K.T. And one day he got so parked off about, I don't remember what it was about, about something. At work. And he went out and he sat on the curb on Bay Road. You know, the station was there on Bay rhymes with, right? Yeah, yeah. And he just sat on the curb and wouldn't come in for lying. He was just all red in the face. I don't remember what it was about. So, apple, apple, plectic. That amazing. So, how much we got there? We're going to call him after every break. We're at 1600. So, now with the last report I got. So, we have more time. That was right before you came back. Came back from what? From the break, Europe. Well, the last break was like 20 minutes ago. That's what we're saying. 15. Whatever. Okay. So, let's see if we can get to that 2000, I don't think so. But we're 16. How did it get pretty good start, right? And we're just getting to go in. I think so. I think we are one way to repay the beeslaze and they're just kissing them off. And this is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Roger time. Very old, not pretty old. Ancient. Fassalized, venerable. Proustine. What you should be for? As a proustine, not must be. While your window is open, I run over home. While your window is open, I'm out of tune. But I feel skewed. Close your temp. We'll watch while you. Windows open. Now with today I lost touch with a sound for audience man. I touched it. And they all ran like hell. When the first time. Remember that? God calls in. That said, you've gone over the edge man in bad taste. You know, after your clapped hands kid went flying out the window. And some listener actually recorded that. That was the one of our own psychos that did that. Right. Jerry and Jerry Sullivan. Oh, no. Well, that can't be the Jerry Sullivan. You know, it's got to be so many different. Well, let me turn North Carolina. Setting where near your hood? I don't know. Then, listen, you don't do too much about North Carolina for you guys. No, but what's in North Carolina? So I've been heard of it. It's been a little bit. It's just the howling the of days. I built out a sound for 10 years ago. And I live in Wilmington, North Carolina. What a bunch of close minded red, red state nose pictures. George would love it here because it's one of the best places to live in North Carolina. Congratulations on the big 30. Thank opportunity. And that's all we have is right wing video and John Boyne Billy. Thank you Jerry. And sure that it's not that Jerry Sullivan's from IOD. Who got the motive from program directed to driving the overnight news truck. True story. That was their way of saying, uh, see a Jerry. Look at Russell and Coco, chronic man. Yesterday, we got a thanks from Russell, but he's out of control that they can graduate. 20 years ago, I've heard the first North for a week of winter vacation with friends in Jupiter and Ryan and New York show. I was hooked. My friends couldn't give me out of the house mid days. Came back to South Florida whenever I couldn't hear you. When I finally bought a place in Central Florida, I made damn sure I signed anything that you've sent me to come in here. But before I signed anything, I'll see. Now, it's six months to rest real and six months in in the YouTube may continue for 30 more. Big thanks for all the fun last locker room, humor, chivalaut smashing, religion, bashing, wicked wood political wisdom and truth. No sacred cows, humourage generations, HL Nankin, only funnier. Well, thank you Russell, Russell, Russell, Russell, Mosul and all kinds of illiteration in there and stuff. Adam says, happy 30th of power of Christ breaks again with the excesses of the water Nazi, finally getting an out of Q amp. Don't mess with a water Nazi. What a present for the anniversary. Thank you, Adam. It was a very fine present. In fact, your bell came in yesterday, made a point of that. That she resigned as a as it gives to me on my 30th anniversary. That she got that out and long overdue. Let's see one black hockey fan that says happy anniversary. You guys should make a poster with a cover of the CD. I buy that before the CD. I'll get to see the anyway. Whatever that mean. I see a poster. That was cute. I was doing a lot of things. How are we doing? Did we get that call after that break? Yeah, we're at 1760. Woo! Oh, no, we're so close. Oh, no, I get another call. Have you heard of the call? Oh, and then the frequency of course 1760 is not what the fan was. Our first sports competitive. They were peeing their pants about, competitive more testies just strata and that crowd of losers. And at the silly Jim Barry from channel 4, whatever, he's a goose ball. Not a goofball of goose ball. Happy 30th from what's up with your first show? What's up with your for cock to miss? What's up with your first show? Wow, wow. That's your goes back a long time. Yeah, it's. In fact, if I knew how to hold a spell at they are. Oh, it's over. There are no wonder. Wow, when you got the band spelling in there. Fair and high. Well, I'm sorry. We got a lot of stuff. Yo man, what's up with cock to miss? I started listening to Zepunky 15 year old Brady nine, but hooked ever since. I remember the first show I heard. It was when Dion was in the studio as birthday. All Dion was in the studio. That was really something. How could it be? I'm not the only for life after that. You know, gun out the road. Stop it, fatty mate. I want to tell you, fatty what I heard of. But let's see if it was to tell you, so I'll get it. I want to tell you everything I know. I'm gonna bring up the singer five. What people say about it's got to go? You're not Neil Tolerary. Richie Tolerary. Far too old Annie. And he told her mother. Tell her. Rather than to go stop, he talked. I'm gonna tell everything I know. You know like that. And when you stop to think about it, there he was talking about fat rich and the bird and they're gone. And Dion and I are still here. And he's still going to sing half. That'll be a good poll question. Who's got the oldest smelly escape rich, char or Dion? Anyway, Mark says you're absolutely the best. I'm the third Mark today. And we recommend a sweet smell of success with burline castor and Tony Curtis. Line castors excellent as Walter Winshal, type newspaper columnist. In fact, this will be open up a lot of eyes. We greater Winshal is influenced began to suffer. And even Tony Curtis, who my normally can't stand, tries to be slimy as most unscriptive as of all pres agents. Another fantastic will be showing the meaty for what it is. I think you'd like it. Sweet thoughts, we'll say some put that in my pile. Okay. Put that right under my shoe things there. You're still belted, ready to be. I still belted radial shoe things. Here's a facts from Jean. Oh, yeah, Jean who's been factoring Jean Rogers's matter. In the lower listeners since the K80 days in North Miami, when what is we just in small hot dogs, down in this cable right. Thank you, Jean. And a big reason. Let's say Joyce, you, uh, let's say Joyce, you, Joyce the first 30. Joyce the next 30. Enjoy Joyce Jr. The only reason I listen to see how you'll joist me off again. Thank you, way. Joyce and listener Kurt. Thank you for your joy. I'll call you this water wish we were very happy 30th anniversary. I used to think how it's true was the best 20th show on the radio, but I was wrong. We arrived at show including the lovely George Rodriguez. You're lovely now. Is the best radio show on three or said library. You'll keep up the good work, pal. Thanks for the memories from me. So make fun of this lecture. Here's one. You're the best. You're a biggest fan. 20 plus your listener, three time color. To meet you. There's only one god. His name is not Jesus. It's, uh, whatever. So it's Rick in my middle. Thanks. Thank you, Rick. Two time meet me. Okay. Meet. That's me. You can see me. I've been on. Let's see. I've been lucky enough to listen to you to recognize this. And it's time, chronic time to Hollywood. Since K. 18, I appreciate every minute. Thank you for a few years. You're welcome to the prices right. PS don't blame you for leading South Florida. You, uh, your toilet and the sun come on down and feel the hate. It don't feel the heat. Feel the hate. Amen. Although the hate is, uh, what is that somewhat joke I was going to call again. I noticed you were kind of taking a back. No, I knew that he was ready to hot like you know that because he called Josh and said, hey, I'm reading the hot light. Tell the little answer. Oh, Kevin says, uh, I found a safe and tranquil place to live in South Florida. It's the main ones of Tamarack. You know, the little white houses with old people living in them. It was affordable when I moved here. I've enjoyed living here the past five years. But I'll develop for watching both townhouses and zero out houses on the land of golf course. It's runs our neighborhoods. It's a rotten plant. It'll same geases and upward removal texture of the same tiny space. I've seen their plan to reminds me of that hideous photo of the python that tried to eat the alligator out in the Everglades and the result they both died. Up until I've been able to avoid the South Florida you described it. I'm afraid me have shown up on my doors that perhaps as a public service you can mention there'll be a meeting March 15th at the Tamarack Municipal Building. We've got in this issue. Check the Sun Sentinel location section for exact time. Kevin, thank you and having a earth. Oh, thank you, Kevin, and good luck. Although we don't read the Sun Sentinel, no more. This is New Rogers. This is 560 K.A.S. So I call the Islamic cartoon Ever. It's here, Rocky and Bowling O'L. Hey, it's well-keened. Watch me, Plano, rather than my turban. Bowling, cool. That trick never works. Still for the play. That's cool. That was no rabbit. Bowling, cool. That was an search movie. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, he's a breakthrough. So, I gotta thank your. So, I gotta thank you to my husband, your new mother's son, who said I have that wonderful purpose, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, another year, you were the best of you Okay, I'm gonna start a camera that got extended by two to four minutes. So, we've got a little bit more. Because there we got some only got one call, so yeah, I don't know the total. There's two of them, you know. Seven to sixty. We got a shot of me. We got close right under Vergeman. We're right on the edge of two thousand. Just returned. Yeah, and like I said, we got forty five thousand a day. Just on the first day. See that was a long until they get to two thousand. And that's a good idea. You guys stay right where we're going. Yeah, we get to two thousand. If it's like 10 o'clock tonight midnight, four one morning, whatever hell is, just stay there and we'll be right over there. Bye, bye, bye!