the Um, New York. Oh, it's not got that short show on Thursday and hopefully I'm Friday with at Hurricanes. You go Cains. Yeah, I got the chip. Well, didn't really chip. That's a long story. It's boring. Yeah, maybe I should go to Greensboro with everybody else and check out the Cains. Yeah, that's a great idea. I don't think I'll be doing that. The New York Daily News I noticed today because the German Jackson was on with your buddy Larry last night, which I almost, I just, the only child channel surf to see who he's got on. But I was fascinated because the last couple of days have been reading these stories on the ear from New York Daily News about this. Tell all book he was going to write German Jackson about Michael. And the last night, all of a sudden, like he got hit by a lightning bolt and he retracted everything. He never said this and he never wrote that and but it would be put a move. But I wonder, well, how come he didn't suit the Daily News then? You know, it seemed like a massive lawsuit. And I look into the Daily News today and there's nothing. I mean, it's like they never even wrote you other stuff. So, who knows what evil lurks? And of course, poor Kirby Puckett, he's dead. Yep. And Dana Reeves dead. Chris Reeves wife, he's dead. 44. Not a long cancer, never even smoked. Yep. The die-like flies, man. Kirby Puckett, of course, the fact that he weighed 700 pounds or whatever he weighed probably didn't help. You see the picture him at the Hall of Fame ceremony? Yeah, he was having a start with it. He looked like Marlon Brando in his last couple years. I saw the biography on biography channel. I taped a couple of nights ago as a two hour deal. I watched it last night, Brando. Great actor, but boy, he was sure, I guess he could be very strange man. He had issues. And he had like 10 children by about a whole bunch of different wives. Yep. He bought that island in the South Pacific into Haiti. And something I did realize, he had a big battle. You know, when he went to acting school in New York, here's roommate. I knew this was Wally Cox and Mr. Peepers. Did you know that? No. And they were very close, literally and figuratively, but anyway, so when Wally Cox died, he had a big battle with Wally's mother over who would get the ashes. He was cremated in Marlon kept, he was, she finally gave in because she felt that he needed them fourth inch she did. That's exactly what they said in the biography. So anyway, he kept the ashes then when he died, his ashes and Wally Cox's ashes were sprinkled in the hills of like Adam, Arizona, or a sesame dam place. Mr. Peepers and Marlon Brando. Yeah, they were peeping. He couldn't hide and creep in an island. Marlon was doing everybody that was breathing, I guess. He's just a wild and crazy guy. But he made one of the strangest sexual movies that was in England, Paris. Yeah. That was a, did you see it? No. It was really weird, the whole thing. Yeah, it was a little bit, it was a little bit. So was he tough to concentrate on? But yeah, I could not forget with you. And they showed that he was, he was, I guess, the third choice for Don Crollion. Who was the person? I forget. I forget. Well, it's he was the three who were up for it were, so Lawrence Olivier was one of them. And I forget who the other one was. And Brando was like, through choice, but couple awarded him. And so when he looked, they forced him to audition for it. And when he went to audition, he was the one who came up with the idea of like, put the pot and not in the pot and then he cheaks in the whole deal. And he was just the blue to moway, you know. Yeah. You know, it's, George came to my rescue this morning. I was trying to remember to lie, you know, they actually died at this, uh, this gangster, who's, ecstasy kingpin from Israel, right. And he's flying to Miami. Well, let me tell you something, my friend. Yeah. And I expect when they put a microphone in front of him, he will be saying, I'm just a retired investor with a pension. Right. Like, I'm in Roth. Yep. So, he's a little younger than I'm in Roth. You know, Brando was, he never finished high school. And I don't think it was a put on. I mean, he talked, they showed him early interview when he was early acting days. And he was like, uh, he couldn't speak. He does he mumble. And so he went to acting school, shakes to, well, isn't it? Shakespeare and what he did? Whatever was they did. The zoos Caesar. And so he went and took allocation lessons to be able to do that role. They showed him a speaking very eloquely. I would, is this just an amazing kind of guy. I thought his best role was on order front. Yeah. He was great. But he wanted to ask you for that. Terry Moloi, he was incredible in that movie. Even recent. Yep. Lead J.com. But the character he played as name was Terry Moloi. Yeah. Lead J.com. First line of the movie. And the company, Joe Doyle off the roof. Carlton Maldon was home and then we were the big nose. He said, don't leave home without it. Yeah. First time he said that. And that was a great movie. The two guys stand and down in the bar and they can't let him die. I was the root of my fellow. I think that's true. Somebody off the roof. And the other guy said he could avoid. Could sing, but he couldn't fly. Hmm. Great. So I'm issues though. There was the other thing with his son, you know, shot, uh, the daughter's boyfriend. I don't know what that was all about. Chris, or Christian Christian. He was a good Christian. And then they showed the thing for Godfather when he wanted to ask her for that. And he sent the Indian chicken to where they showed the clip. They were bullying her like crazy. They practically boot her off the stage. Shia. Huh? Shia. He had written as a long speech for her to make in the next. Because she had one minute. She had 60 seconds. And the speech would have gone for half an hour. And so she came out well. He doesn't want to accept it. You can't accept this award because the way the American Indians have been treated, they've up up a bond, the crowd starts booing and hissing. Yeah. So when he didn't mutiny on a bounty was when he got into Tahiti and, you know, just so decide to buy that island, right? Yes. Yes. Okay. Thank you, George. Oh, I just saw it last night. But I mean, well, it was, now it was just the dentist man. He didn't really do anything. But, so you're going back tomorrow. Tomorrow morning you're going to go back and he's going to do all the filling to fill him. He said it's time for it's almost poor. I'm going to stand for to fill him. Some of that. On that. He said, no, he don't home and touch him before I feel like those holes up in it. Yeah. See, this was a tooth that crumbled about, I don't know, a few years ago. And some of my dentist down there put like a temporary, like a ceramic tooth on the outside and a meeting something other than all of a sudden I felt like something crumbled and like a dog. You know, it must have been something in that meat and it was with my sweet tooth at the filling. Yeah. So I got to go and put it back together again. Okay. Well, other than that, thank God. I found me a good dentist here. And now all I got to do is get off my ass and call my doctor. Listen, I got a really good family practitioner lives in my building here in my building. So I call him and I can do all my doctoring here. I can do it. I think you had the right idea. Just cross the border to Niagara Falls, New York State for a weekend. They got that good day. They got a big casino over there. Yeah. And then get my passport stamp. I think my days and Florida are numbered in single digits. I just can't deal with it. Just is not for me. I mean, there's something in life that are for us and there's something that are not for you. Everybody's got their own, their own bag. It's not my bag. You catch my drift down here. They have their own bag. Yeah. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. There goes again. I didn't mention it. I know he was thinking, no, at least I was anyway. Yeah, pop has got a brand new bag. It has a different meaning in Florida. And then he plays else. That's right. You can be sure of that. Yeah. I think that real route awakening was my last flight up here. I told him I was sitting there in Fort Lauderdale airport in the wheelchair brigade. Kimballer and had five people in wheelchair is lined up to put on first to come on this flight up here. And I thought, what? Of course, that's proud. The average average age in Broward is deaf. God. So many old people. That's, I guess that is good though to come to our once a month. As a matter of how old you are, you feel very young. I'm coming back to Thursday and I should be feeling very young. I feel so young. Huh? I'm flying north to Fort Lauderdale on Thursday. Can you imagine what that crowd's going to be like? Oh my God. You've talked about the aroma from those overflowing bags. Oh God. Yeah, when they have the flights to Broward to Fort Lauderdale, instead of having a peep bag and they have a different kind of bag for each seat. Just in case you want hook up here. Keep going for a couple hours. So you're going to be in New York for one. I'm doing a television show there Wednesday night on the SPN night to go. I remember when the SPN was really good. Who the hell was your buddy? He was, he just tripped the SPN. Who was it in the post? Oh, Phil Moshnik. Till Moshnik. He does it every day. He does it every day. He does. Really? I mean, he's done one. I never read the post because it's right we can garbage. But he does it to the point where it's just got an tire. It's the same stuff all the time. But they got a good sports section. I'll tabloids always have the better sports. For example, when I came back from the dentist this morning, I stopped and I every day I get to try to start the trial somewhere. Four papers here. Those are the two I get. Star is very liberal. It's pretty good. But the song is a, it's a report mark. You know, it's a right wing piece of crap. But the sports section is great because it's a tabloid. That was the paper I handed to a very jackass to the airport that then I said, you ever read this paper. He said, no, I said, well, take a look at the sports section. You'll see what a real sports section is like. Very good. Yeah, I did that. He looked at, I'll count. I'll read it now. What did you say about me is true? Yeah, I know. I can tell by looking at you. You idiot. You fairer guy. What a little tub. Chicago has a good tabloid sports section. The sun. Times. No, that is, yeah. Is it the sun time? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, you're right. I mean, the Tribune is as stale as last year's on, I'm not talking about the Tribune. No, no, no, no, I'm just saying that's the choice of you got. There was the American too. But never the day yeah, there was. And of course, there used to be the record American in Boston. I mean, I every city had like four or five newspapers. New York had half a dozen. You know, that's why I think it's happening. The newspapers New York used to have about 10, 15. Yeah, there was the mirror. There were all kinds of paper. The news and the mirror. Harold, Harold exam. The time is the Harold. You got four daily's here and that's pretty unusual. So that should tell you that there actually people here are reading newspaper. The journal, American, the World Telegram and the Sun. They just remember they used to be after known papers. Well, actually, once upon a time when we hit the Miami News. Yeah. And then the Fort Lauderdale, you remember the Fort Lauderdale times? It was the Sun Sentinel afternoon edition. Remember that? I don't remember that. Oh, yes. Was it called the Times? I don't know. It was the afternoon edition of the Sun Sentinel. They used to be a morning edition and the afternoon edition was published by the Sun Sentinel. There was an afternoon paper. Oh, you had four papers basically. And then the news, of course. So the problem with the news is that the circulation was controlled by the Harold. So they were all the ugly stepchild. Yeah. And then they got there to keep it in the live. Sure, they put them out of business. News is pretty good. How's my old friend Howard Kleinberg doing? He's OK. Does he know that for a fact? Yeah. He just did a book. Really? On the Miami history of Miami. He's the Howard and his wife at the hockey games all the time. And of course, I used to work with his son Elliot back in the old days, back in the day. He did a book on the history of Miami Beach. Sure. By the way, I can tell now that Howard was always in favor of casino gambling. It was his one thing that he felt bad about. He used to editorialize. I guess because they didn't want to piss off the Harold. So the news would editorialize against it too. But he secretly was in the favor of it. Oh, yeah. Not that you're ever going to have it. I mean, you've got to slide. So I would, I don't think it's going to go much further. Hey, by the way, can I just get a stupid question about that? Yeah. Now that the slots have been approved, and I would imagine within two, three, four months, you're going to have them going. Go on. July. Well, see, March to April, May, June, and as four months. Yeah. How come the Indians haven't already switched over yet? I think they're in the process. Are they really? I mean, they seem to me that I have. I would be doing that right now since it's been made legal, at least in Broward. You think that the hard rock would already be legal for them. It's just legal for the parametrials. No, no, no, you don't understand. The deal with the Indians is whatever is legal in the state. Right. So that they can do it. And of course, the fact that that's legal in Broward, they should be able to pick up and take right off of it. And of course, I know they want to do the whole class three gaming now with the, you know, crafts and the whole deal. But it seemed to me that there's slots ought to be the wheel machines now on. They should be. When you think? When it's soon as the tracks put them in, why is that? Why do they have to wait for that? I mean, I hope they do because I'd rather see the per mutuals do well, rather give them the money. I think it has to do with the legislation. No. You don't think they'd have them in there by now if they could. I don't know. I really don't know. I mean, I know they're selling those cancer sticks to the white people. That's a different business. Man. You didn't want to put it in the middle of the day, though. That's right. Well, again, they can't look a little more slowly. Yeah. They extricate your money more gently. Not. Go listen. Have a great day. I'm going to be at the dentist tomorrow. So I'll see you in the New York. All right. You're going to be back on a Friday? Yes. Now, what day is poor? I'm doing all that? Maybe. It's right around saying Patrick's. I think it's a 16. Something like that. Like I said, right around. I see a few minutes back. A couple of dozen those still home enticing from New York. Some green drails. They're going to get there. You go for saying that. He's dead. All right. I hope we'll go somewhere to more. I'll go get the green bagels. Yeah. You know what I said? I don't need to get green bagels every year. Yep. That's a problem of QA and too many glam. Okay. I have a good trip. All right. Don't suffer too much tomorrow. Now, it'll be a piece of cake. All right. In fact, I'll give me a piece just to calm me down. See a good thing. Bye. Hey, all you time stealing measles. Now you can watch TV from anywhere. This is Jim Madditch and I want to tell you about the greatest product to hit the market in years, introducing sling box. Sling box turns any computer into a TV receiver. If you're at work, watch a game. On the road and want to watch local teams in your hotel room, the world is very proud. And 24 hours of your phone. That's whatever you want from your computer. Sling box has one numerous awards and is the greatest electronic gadget to come out in years. While you're here at WQAM.com, click on the Sling box logo and you will learn all about this awesome new electronic gadget. And if you're a time-stealing weasel, somebody that wants to catch all the latest sporting events at work on the road or anywhere from your computer, now you have a chance to watch it in. Oh, right. You're a fake young man. If you're feeling for a friend, I say, come in. Want to date your own sad. I say, young man. Here's what you must do next. If you want to, frad, just you're a fake young man. There's a place you can chill. I say, young man. If you're a $3 bill, you can't break it. And then you make converts. They won't cheat you life of a verb. That's what's the greatest. A face, no fun search. It's fun to pray as they have been in school for search day. All right. There's no business now, fake. And there is no doubt. If you want to, frad, just you're a fake young man. There's no fun search. It's fun to pray as they have been in school for search day. And then you make converts. You can worship and be. You can marry a girl named Steve. A bitch, a bunch of her. It's fun to stay at the office for search day. You're a fake young man. We will let you run in. Don't make your men be seen. Show them something. I'm here. 10, 13 already at 5, 60, W. If you haven't seen it, I've realized it's going to be in such a final Federal after my dentist visit this morning. Yeah, I'll see you in doing anything. Let's be side to point. Think you're going to get the gas tomorrow. Did he have that? I think he might give me the gas. It's very possible. Yeah. Yeah, all these non-derman. Oh, well, that's good. Anyway, let's take a look at what's going on here. We got dead people all over the place. We got that pool to deal with. And nice chat with Karen's yesterday. And remember, in Godfather 3, and George Hamilton says to the Archbishop, we later, of course, we'll get the guy. He says to the Archbishop, we had a deal. Yeah, when they're trying to back out when he likes to go out and make a color over the Vatican. And the Archbishop is, we have an understanding. Remember that? Right? We have an understanding. So we have an understanding. Everything's fine. And in fact, I'm actually going to play the clean up of that Enron thing for our Josh Cortis there. And the next door will come back. Okay? Just to show you what a, well, I'm not really a fine job, but it's a little bit. 1014 at 560 WQM. We got bowl again today at 2. In case you were ready for that, we got Curtis for the Mad Dog at 4. There might get overworked. Hurricane Hotline from 7.99. It pretty close our steak house in South Miami. The beast at 29 and 80K at 10 o'clock. No ball games. Panthers lose again over time. The shootout last night. They got a point. But what's the point? No chance to deploy off. They got about as much chance in a playoff as the Leafs even less than them. Two teams go in nowhere. So I would download. Keenan, I would unload baby by Friday. Get with it. Start rebuilding. You got no shot. Hey, beat four does gone. Man, they got a good shot for you. Get fatty. I had a lot of money in the 401k. With that much money. With that much money. Went down the toilet. I had a lot of money in the 401k. With that much money. With that much money. Went down the toilet. Just one day. With that much money. Went down the toilet. Yeah. And it took so full. Yeah. Don't freak it's cold. But out there are more wrong. And it brought wrong. And it brought wrong. I used to get a picture. That was nice and sad. From a run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run we see I'm big is the precision. I lose once a michick Pujshron<|mi|> watturied. What was the worst movie of 2005 we yesterday and 1426 votes, now 33.6% we didn't see any movies of 2005 I think you need to get out a little bit more. Yeah. Remember we have a few shot in, you know, that's what DVDs are for. That is correct. Get some DVDs. Get some DVDs. You're DVD by getting Netflix. Obviously, if you're the way around. I didn't see any form in 80. Do some hazard. One, 83. One hands down your pantalones in your DVDs. I hate this pool. One, 16. Various mounting. 112. A very good choice. Piece of crap. War the world's 85. Doosh, big or low. You're a P and Jigalo of 78. I think we just like the way that sounds. Let's just say that all day. Say, doosh, big or low. Get Richard die trying 43. Star Wars 3. The, uh, Revenge of the 7. And what it was felt it was a piece of sift 33. Heating. And matter how you re-re-re-rins those letters. I'm sure that's what he had in mind. Well, what is, I'm gonna ask you again. What is a sift? You know, they're a race. I see. House of wax 31. The hitchhackers got in the galaxy 24. Doom 21. Fantastic 4 and still had 20 of piece. King Kong 18. Harry Potter, goblett of fire 16. Artists kids getting tired of his ass already got. No, I wish though. Oh, geez. Electro 16. The constant gardener so bad that'll make you want to go out in the garden and just bury your head in the dirt. 15. Just a piece of mung. Aion flux head 10. High and seek eight. The old the grid read a bio. Heiden seek. You know, I think he could be in the Guinness Book of Records for the fewest return phone calls in history of any general manager in the radio business. I'll take record of it. Anybody period forget about radio, huh? I'll check the record books. Yeah, check the Guinness Book of Records. I think he's in there for a fewest return phone calls. Supercross the movie 7. See what he would do is he would make a deal like with Rimmer or D4. Somebody then, uh, okay. Well, when did I start an ennab with call lead messages and he would never return a call. Guess who's six alone in the dark five, Domino five, the fans Domino story and thank God he's walked in in New Orleans, he's okay. The fat man. He was always my favorite right. Into the blue for my man. He finally got one. Aren't you pleased? I have no idea what that is. I don't know. I'm so guilty. My man. Nine songs one and undiscovered had the big. Oh, I guess it really is undiscovered. Nobody knows what that is. So those were the worst movies. We know all kinds of stuff about crash. In fact, when I was at the dentist waiting in the last week's time magazine, they were predicting that crash was probably going to be not very as mounting. And of course, what's the producer, the director's name, who also the co-writer? A crash? Paul Haggis. Okay. He also was the co-writer, they won a one last year. What was the movie to one last year? That's the ladies. Huh? That's the ladies? I just got this guy through reading it. But anyway, he's a Canadian boy. He's from somewhere. He's Canadian. It's okay. Get over that review. You read yesterday. What a pilot. When I was writing it. I got news for you. This will come as a great dismay to you. But there are a whole bunch of reviews like that. And like the time magazine, Arthel, which is pretty good. It's not a crazy lot. But it's said that in some of those movies, you either love it or you hate it. And there are a lot of these students who hate it. Pretending, of course, that they don't get it. Or maybe they're just so stupid. They don't get it. And the same students are probably raving about broadcasts now. Oh, of course. I don't think there's any question about that. Although even Roger Ebert, he was the most enthusiastic about crash. He said, he predicted it would win. He also was said it was one of the great all times. I know it is. I love it. I see. It was me. It's like Magnolia. I don't know what there is not to like. I mean, you want to make it sound of the answer about the answer. And that's, you know, when a movie goes on for three hours for a crash makes like Magnolia. No, no, no, nothing is enough already. We can have Magnolia too. But it's interesting. The movies that should have sequels. They're the ones that do do. And the sequels almost always suck. San Antonio to the Marlins include locals. I am so tired. There's very jackass. I'm sure all of you are too. I don't even waste my time on it. San Antonio, which is expected to present a stadium funding proposal with Marlins this week already has established one prerequisite. The team must add, San Antonio area minority owners of the Marlins move there. And a telephone interview. Dexter County judge Nelson Wolff said he discussed the matter with the Marlins. Apparently, don't have no problem with it. Wolff said he has presented names of any minority owners of the Marlins. Hasn't spoken with Jeffy Lorette yet, but but it's better than that. But you're crap. By the way, million dollar baby one. That's why you thank you so. And he co-wrote that. He wrote it. Oh, I guess. He's not a role. In fact, after we did that, we'll be at a heart attack. Let's see. What do you mean? After he did million dollar baby, right? God punishing him. Well, who was in that? Clint Eastwood Morgan. Oh, there's a Clint Eastwood. I was the tragedy of the baby. I hired the razor blade. I didn't see that. You're lucky. Anyway, now it's interesting. You want to believe see. I think 44. All you know, the same Kirby Pucker was 45. But the article I have from sports illustrated.com says Kirby Pucker died Monday. They have to the Hall of Fame out of fuel. It had a stroke. And is there also on a home he was 44. It's got a picture of him during his induction to the baseball Hall of Fame in 2001. If he was way 45,000 pounds, then my name is Ish Kavibil. He just enormous. And like I said, I just saw that clip. They showed him up with the twins. Hit him one out. You know, and he even then when he was playing baseball, he was as big as a house and had an ass. He made sense. He'll feel there. Look like a child. Yeah. Look at you. Oh my God. He was big. He died at San Jose Hospital in medical center in Phoenix. He had been in intensive care since having surgery. Another hospital following his stroke Sunday morning. He carried the twins to world services in 8791 before his career. We're short and short by glaucoma. The hospital said Pucker was given the last dressing died yesterday afternoon. On behalf of Medilee Baseball, I am truly saddened by the sudden past Kirby Pucker. He was a polyphamor in every sense of the term. The plaintiff's entire career with the twins was an icon. And once a pot of time on CNN, the former Black guy, a new banker, and I don't know who the hell it was or what he's gone. In fact, I remember he called him Kirby Pucker, but with the didn't say Pucker. Remember, he started with a different letter. I remember, like it was an H between the P and the U. And I thought to myself, P U. Remember that guy was that big fat black news anchor on CNN's long gone now. I don't know. And also, Christopher Reeves widow dies. Yeah, you remember I told you what had happened. You were sitting right there. Yeah, but I forgot. Oh, I didn't. Because then he corrected it. And he just kept going right along like he never said it. You know, I mean, if anybody was said that on CNN worldwide TV, they probably should just get up and walk off the set. They knew Reeves, who won worldwide admiration for a devotion to where Superman has been Christopher Reeves, who is decade of near-total paralysis, also died of lung cancer at 44, 44 is not good. Let's see, Robbie need him. I used to be number 44 for the Panthers, who else is 44. I think we were a Kelly and a Browns was 44. I'm pretty sure, yes. You know, any other famous 44 athletes, just 44? Five. Tom Rathman. Have you heard of him? Don't know who that is? No. Not to know who Rathman was. Rathman. That's what I just said. You said, Rathman. Our ATH. Do you want me to rewind the death? No need to do that. Leave a singer-ranker to give a similar home career to be one of the nation's best knowing caregivers, died late Monday and Memorial Sloan Federal Medical Center. As a matter of fact, she got on the same day as Kirby Pucket just hours later. She wasn't a smoker, but an honest and august that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer. That's really a bitch. Probably that second-hand smoker. All you have not just smokers out there, cut her cram. And this is new Rogers. This is by 62AZ. And they don't come anywhere else than new Rogers. Ah, there's more how to name it, isn't it? But I'm here to tell you about my new product. Essence of mold. No, it's a candle seeing that smells just like me. As I walk this way, seeing that I'm a happily married man. I don't have that gay guy smell. It's a delightfully aromatic blend of alphranken, sits and bird rippet. Cool smell that smells like the 1950s. But you didn't know the 1950s smoke like toast. I'm not imagine that there's a mole candle. You just don't know why you're watching golf. Like the foreign, the hot liquid in your eye. Oh, I like this. Ah, it's the noise of the noise of the door. Very good use to it, though, see? Silence, the noise of the boo-saint. And look what kind of made me dog-decked. Uh, ten, thirty, three. Watch your language now. Sweetheart. Seven, seven, ten, eleven. Okay, good to be. Good to be. Right. Injured to see if you feel want to see thatalidbot future. and commemorative teachers, 20 V.C. and all proceeds benefit of a banded per rest uniform for the order to lend 7 to 10 tonight. Josh Cortis will have the merchandise with him at the hurricane hotline at Bernie Cozard's State House for he'll be eating a free meal. Yes, I will be. That's a 5960 South West 70. It's reaches to Blossworth's the US one. Which what was it that bread? Is he so there by the way, bread? It's still same around. No. Was he the one that went down there to Bernie Cozars and because he was in the sales department for about five days at that point demanding all kinds of free meals and he wanted this and he wanted a big salad and a big steak and was that him? Errgh, what a Jenkins. Well, I sure hope that somebody tells the Christian ones about he'll find out for himself. So there's two chances that we had 12,000 in the five bucks as a bed disaster yesterday after that deal on Kai-Yo-cho. I think it's pretty amazing that we did over 400 bucks there when you come right down to it. It is amazing. A lot of our people put their lives in jeopardy by driving in that area. Who is the woman you most desire? That's our pool today. 691 votes. Jessica Albo when 18. She was on the askers. She looked just fine. I think she's a little overrated. She's fine. Don't get me wrong. She's a little. Huh? She looks Scarlett Johansson. Well, that's European. That's right. Jessica Albo when 18. Halley, Barry 105. She's what I'm Jessica's ass. Oh, I'd like to see that. In fact, I think they're doing it. Well, what's wrong with Jennifer Conley? Don't we want to put her on here? She's out there? No, she's not on there. Well, I didn't want to. I didn't want to add a whole lot of things. I love Jennifer Conley. In fact, this was based on a pool somewhere. Oh, here it is. It was in. Where is this thing from? Something I found on the internet. Storiesindobase.com. Where was this pool taken? The 99. Oh, she beat 99 other famous women at top list of women that American men desire would want for their girlfriend. But where is this? Who took the pool? Ask them to come. That's where it is. So see if I did a little bit more homework. I could have the whole list of 100 on there. And I would have really appealed Eric. But then it wouldn't even know fun to be. Because nobody caught it again. So let's add Jennifer Conley. Jessica Alva-18. Halley, Barry 105. Angelina, Joly 95. She stole stuck in the basement. Showies there on 75. Theron. Scarlett Johansson, 67. Natalie Portman, 38. Evil Angoria, 35. Brittany Spears, 32. She dropped many boxes on the totem pool. She's tainted goods. Not an administrative female. 29. That is shocking. We have 29. It's 4% of his votes so far from a straight female. Not to count the bullbikes we got. That is untwined. Of course. I'll count the bullbikes. Jessica Biel 21. Jessica Biel 27. Why is it bullbikes? I didn't say dice. I said bullbikes. I don't think you're not an ungae 20. Do we got more women than gay males? I hate this pool 20. Abraham Alima 15. Who's that? Victoria Sikramal. Maria Minuno's nine. And was she a Minuro? Yeah. She and I believe the rookie birdy. I've never seen a golden shower together. She and a miller for MRE2. And Jennifer Colle just went on there. 697. We're going to make a thousand in a day boys. I can feel it. I can smell it. Can't you smell it? It smells up there. Yeah. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Yes, sir. How are you this morning? Excellent. Amazing that I got through Niel. What a tanny was in Broward County yesterday. The boat was down. Correct. Talk in Crabford, Clay Shaw. Yeah. So I'm coming home. I live just off the Hillsborough in federal. I'm coming home. And there's a carpet. Every single street on a motorcycle. Not letting you go down. It's just a little bit of a limb right there. Three houses away. All right. Find me to come in. So there's a library where I live. They're not letting anybody out on federal. I never can home this early. Niel. Guess what? I went on stood on the side of the street and that's you would buy. I gave them the big mothongu and pulled them to go screw them right there. Excellent. Oh, right. They're not telling. They're being careful though because you might just know. Resort to drastic methods. Well, there was two dogs standing beside me. They're not going to give them the finger. I said, oh, why not? Why not? Why not? So literally. You know what I said? It's amazing. Bush screwed up and didn't. Did you see that? I was absolutely valid for the elections and deficit in. Yeah. And they're flying for an air force one down there. So he can vote in a local election. Absolutely. Or you bet. What's the number of boxes? A couple million bucks. That's right. I just want to say 400,000. No money for those poor sluper's in the warlands. But we got plenty of money to fly his a dumbass around. You're out of it. Okay. Good luck to pal. It's been nice knowing you got screaming. Yeah. I'm out of it. I just calm down. They're going to come and drag his ass away. They give the Italian salute to the vice president. They will see the service. They'll watch and they will jot down your address in the middle of night. They'll come away and take away your whole family including you. They have this. That's correct. I don't want to think about it. It's in the Patriot Act. You can do that. Do you want to do that? Do you want to do that? Hello. Yes sir. For the poll. The cell function. Who is it? The cell function. The cell function. Right. The cell function. She sits funny so we're under the result of the question. It's fun. Her underwear is function. Yeah. She's a model. No another model. Like sports illustrated. What about the famous in the game? Do you want to put her on there? I don't. I'm sure a lot of people do. Let's get her on her. We're going to get votes. I mean if we're going to start putting models and porn oactresses on here. Might as well. You're going to put that up. Let's go. You're going to put that up. My mom and old perver. Why don't I know who that is? I see her work. Yeah. I didn't work it. I got some bad radio news for you. Wow. This is from the New York Post. Air America. Are you better you better strap yourself in? Unstraft. Our in 20 minutes till Frank in. Yeah. Air America is close to losing its New York flagship station knocking out Frank in and his little colleagues off the air on their second anniversary. The network has a two year lease with WLIB AM 1190 New York. That's reportedly said to us far April 1st and at least one reliable report says. It is extremely likely that the deal will not be renewed or to turn it over by the other way around. It's extremely unlikely that the deal will be renewed. Got it? Got it. And you like that? Losing its New York outlet would be a serious blow to the fledgling liberal radio network. Radio equalizer blogger Brian Maloney. Who ain't full of Maloney? He blew the whistle on question to the left in the network last year. Published the first report that WLIB was on the verge of victory. America sometimes soon. Air America's options for a new home are not promising either. All of the city's other strong civil stations are spoken for, leaving only weeks in full of fringes stations that don't cover the entire city in the burbs. Air America parent P.Con L.L.C. has reportedly been paying inner city broadcast and controlled by former Manhattan Burr oppres and Percy Sutton and his son P.R. $2.5 million a year to air Frank in the others. That'll be a bit of a vinaway on the air. Kind of like the guys across the street there. You know, they're Jefferson pilot and we're auto pilot those guys. Right. And American and Air America's folks will be told the post. It's business as usual in decline for the comment. Well, what does that mean? In other words, it's not looking good. Air America got unwanted headlines last year when it was learned that previous men had been at received one of the best of it is called an inappropriate $875,000 loan since we paid from a Bronx charity. Calls to what our city executives were out return, the leaving contenders to take over the WLIB lease are former clear channel executive Randy Michaels. Oh, no. The anti-Christ, Elanti Cristo, who's syndicate competing lessly talker-ed shows the end. The new radio one blog, a black focus talk network that includes the Reverend Al Sharpton. How do you like that? What if he's something of Al Sharpton? I'll Frank it off the air, huh? That'd be something. I'd rather hear our Goldstein. This is New Rogers. This is 560. Look at the glory holes. There you go. The New Yorker took tell you like an Ricky said to me, the other thing. He said he felt it through your shoulder, he said, to go so he had this insane. He also wrote a book about the fact that I didn't remember he was going to stay. He bought me this in the field of Japanese cooking, so this is what he said. Tell me you've ever been dying to come alive. Tell me you've ever been thinking to show y'all. He would know you were away if you were running at the same. And really, what you've been looking so sad. Tell me you've never really said to me, the other thing. Tell me you've never really said to me, the other thing. He wants to be your boy, and I saw him at my door that right. You know, I've really wanted to try to hold y'all. Tell me you've ever been thinking to y'all. Tell me you've ever been thinking to y'all. Tell me you've ever been thinking to y'all. Tell me you've ever been thinking to y'all. Tell me you've ever been thinking to y'all. He wants to be your boy, and I saw him at my door that right. Tell me you've ever been thinking to y'all. every time the I get that Christmas card and every time it comes out with new CD I get a personally autograph copy in the mail Right, but it lives to kind of no less Let's see what this is all this handwriting my guy yeah, Veronica Pan Anderson. Yeah, we put her out there. It says I want to explore we have to see infected Okay, I'm not gonna be that. He could have my spocary gruesome Why did you hear this big an agruesome? WQAM hello Yo, yes, sir. How are you sir excellent great? You know when you were talking about 40-44 you left that two absolute snickles of the game of baseball Hank Aaron I forget to hand-am around hang right and then really me company another There you go. So I'm not a mind. Okay, but I don't know even the line one in a mention I just thought of me something worth mentioning You know, right now it'd be right 32 and Bobby Mitchell was and if you can tell me Bobby Mitchell's number then you're a better man than I I got I have no idea Great All right, I was a quarterback he sucked, but the team was great. Okay. Thanks, pal I can you two take a couple good 44's there for you. I actually Bobby Mitchell was like a What you call him now he was like a like a half back But What I'm looking for? I'm looking for a wet back I went back. Yeah Bobby Mitchell. No, he was a dark back Wait till he heard this you are gonna like just flip your Cored Doug Thompson capital hillbloody. I remember the Art of the right yesterday. Yes, I do it like this. I'm equal to it. Yes, I don't even though it's very funny I don't this is not a joke. Okay, we'd be between the lines Telling the approved stories that had line of this story He is on an unspecified day last week an employee of a federal agency the canopy revealed the liberty document The canopy identified to accompany the canopy name seeking information that cannot be discussed The aforementioned federal agent let's the unidentified document with an employee of the unnamed company That employee then called the owner of a must remain anonymous to inform him that the document cannot be identified So I'd information that could not be discussed the owner who must remain anonymous and struck at the employee to deliver the unidentified document to a lawyer Who's name is predicted by a training plan privilege the lawyer who's name is protected by attorney client privilege Exend the unidentified document then we'd use the information that could not be discussed with the owner of a must remain anonymous Would the approval of the owner who must remain anonymous the lawyer whose name is protected by attorney client privilege contacted a US attorney who demanded that is Identity be concealed The US attorney who demanded that is identity be concealed then claimed the owner must remain anonymous violated a law that could not be disclosed and faced arrest charges For charges that could not be specified because he had referred to the document that cannot be identified an article for a certain but unnamed website The lawyer whose name is protected by a trunny client privilege argue that his client could not be charged under the under closed law Because he been acting as a journalist at the time of the alleged publication and not as the owner of a company The copy named he had in fact learned to be existence of the document the copy identified from a third party It was not named and was not aware of its exact contents because he had not seen a red document and therefore was not aware of the exact contents that cannot be discussed The US attorney who demanded is a<|vi|> be concealed Consulter with others who names are classified and concluded that the owner who must remain anonymous walked a fine line between legal and illegal And would not face arrest for violating a law that cannot be disclosed. I'm charges that cannot be specified So walking this fine line of dresses love the owner of a human human anonymous to avoid confinement and an institution at an unknown location for unspecified length of time And if San Francisco is freed in the owner who must remain anonymous agreed to write a clarification of what happened following the guidelines for a publication laid down by the Bush administration Which is what you just read That's that's scary that is just You remember what I said about my trips to a Florida or her Wow I'm just gonna read their last sentence again and it changed for his freedom the owner who must remain anonymous Obviously him agreed to write a clarification of what happened following the guidelines for publication laid down by the Bush administration Which is what you just read It's still being our website tomorrow There you go and you think that when we talk about fashes and that it's all that's a real reach nail That's really getting carried away right Right and the only way that any of this could have happened was 9 11 right without 9 11 which is the that's the standard excuse They were just education for everything all this time Terror the world will frontier the war on terror the war on terror It's kind of like joy. You know with the stations license it's the same thing everything is always mixed Oh, you can't say this and you can't play that because we don't have our license back yet. Well, you know what's gonna happen after they do give it You think anything's gonna change oh that'll help me not yeah Oh, it's picking out good things you go in Iraq. Oh, we're flying Iraqi general killed an ambush And it is a blood bath there the likes of which nobody could have ever even imagined and Then when you look when you look at the pictures of these in Pakistan and Iraq and in all of those Shmateh countries these are these are tribal people okay? These are tribal people who are maybe Shea because of the religious fanaticism how do you what is even the concept of democracy? It's so alien to these people that the idea that you're gonna impose it upon them and kind of an excuse for having gone in there It's on a face of it at insanity. They don't want democracy A top commander in Iraq's army was shocked to death on a Western Baghdad road yesterday One of the a string of attacks to kill least another people A US soldier was killed someday in Iraq's and bar province west of Baghdad and that brings the total out over 2300 2000s and 22 US troops have died in Iraq not to mention the thousands and thousands who are maimbed in over Out limbs and eyes and all of these all of these things Human rights group and this the nationals condemned the attention of prisoners in Iraq say some 14 thousand people are being held with our charges of trials and that torture continues despite the scandal of I just mentioned those things in passing Le Roy Kelly Bobby Mitchell William a cubby Henry Aaron goes to the days baby robby need to my or I'm sorry Dodge City showed on a funeral. I here's another example of what America's becoming and that well This has been going on for a long time, but it's reached to take it a new Taking it to a new level Dodge City Kansas This pad this is written by Ed live and Darryl CNN He says this past Saturday morning I find myself in a five-car car caravan cutting across the Kansas planes with about 30 about 30 Just protesters in the back of the truck there were signs that read thank God for IEDs and thank God for dead soldiers I was with the phelps family They've lost a disturbing campaign to turn us the funerals of fallen soldiers This is a painful drama playing out at dozens of military funerals across the country the group is led by the insane Fred Phelps. That's my word and saying he is a region of America He and his family a picketed and heckled more military families and more than a hundred funeral since June They said the soldiers are fighting for an army that represents a country that accepts homosexuality I've spent a great deal of time and last few weeks tracking the movements of Fred Phelps and his family Saturday I followed him and his family from their home and to pick a Kansas to a funeral and die city Kansas Fred Phelps is the pastor of Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka The congregation has made up mostly of his family. Phelps has 13 children 54 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren He describes himself as an old-time gospel preacher who says you can't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God Phelps and his family have made a name for themselves by showing up at high profile events preaching their hateful brand of Christianity They blame homosexuals for the destruction of America This past weekend's target was army sergeant Jesse Davila Davila was killed for a 20th and a rat by a suicide bomber he served as a marine after graduating from high school He returned his civilian life. He had a daughter, but he was always the soldier at heart So two years ago he joined the army national guard Which we know there was no national guard in a wrath of course He joined the army national guard was three months into a Iraqi deployment when he was killed There's also very much a story about another phenomenon on the Phelps protests is created. That's the birth of a group called the Patriot Guard writers The Revolentier group that came together after hearing that so many military families were being blindsided by the protesters More than 400 motorcycles thunder toward this showdown in Dodge City this weekend to make sure that Sergeant Jesse Davila's funeral was not overshadowed by the Phelps protest They converge from small towns all over Southwest Kansas to support Sergeant Davila's family One group leader says I knew we'd have a crowd by it. No, be this big The procession of rolling fund was escorted Davila's family from Memorial Services to the graveset on a quiet hill in the end the sergeants family says they were only able to hear a little bit of the Phelps protest. Davila's mother Linda Claus no create a relation to Santa C. L. A. U. S. Linda Claus since he's grateful for the Patriot Guard writers. She also wants other military families to be where this could happen to them When people begin to know that Fred Phillips family is what they're really doing killing the American dream They won't be around for a long because nobody's been let them they'll drown them out they'll be gone Claus said Since he had been started airing reports on these funeral confrontation a few weeks ago They paid for their writers say it's membership is almost tripled and more than a dozen states in our considering legislation They would restrict protesting at femorals The Phelps family vouchs to continue these protests. They might be outnumbered, but the way the Patriot Guard writers see it won't take some one of them to the son of the memory of a fallen soldier These people have no shame right if no decency They're what Christianity and right wing fanaticism become all about in Zion America There were a TV the other day. See at it. What are those channels? How to support them? Don't bother yes, family the his daughter was at one of these Funerals there Which one of them? One of them and they send the email to the families You know basically rising them Lovely your son died because America loves tags that kind of thing. Hmm. Okay. How's that pull coming? Talk about something more pleasant Who's the woman you most desire famous woman famous lady? 799 votes. Oh, we'll do that thousand easy today Jessica Albo 134 Hallie Barry 117 they're tight. They're only like separated by a small little tiny curly hair Angelina Jolie 108 that's great Charlie star long 81 Scarlett Johansson 77 that's your just choice who did the Giants load for I voted for that that bond chick just because I didn't know who she was and I looked her up looked very nice Who's that she didn't get a lot of votes that Monica Minutos I knew no or something on Natalie poorman 42 even lingerie 39 not on a straight female 38 that almost 5% Holy moly something's going on here right man Britney Spears 34 not on gay 28 3.5% of the audience gay nails Jessica being they're really upset that in Rick and Rick he selected me All you guys out there he picked me What are you laughing about oh they're not getting the record no Christmas Christ from in Greek A Right to be Jessica be a 28 I hate this full 27 Adriana Lima 18 Maria Manuno 11 Who's a lot of Manugo Jenna Jamison 5's yeah told you she'll climb that ladder she's gonna be doing it and people will be watching CNN Miller 4 a wait a minute Pamela Anderson's got three if you grew a third one Amoree's got two and giselled Bunchkin Bunchin Bunchin 104 she's kicking ass man she's got the big oh This is Neil Rogers Roger show This is your buddy Any questions It's 30 a day to a guess well I ran in Lincoln That's your credit I drove up in the hill you want to insurance every call how it happened well It still gives me change in what a weirdo follow my map of the star house and And watch out to see Sitting on her front. It was Angelina necklace I walked up like a ruler The strong starter working Ladies Mother in my car And roll the windows down. Now she works my queen and I made her cry. This is what we cried on me, and I've got an journey to dream. In my basement, and I figured I'd keep her there with me. And I thought you'd dream. I thought you'd dream. Well I hope you don't mind. I hope that you'll find that she likes the cement. I love the cement. How on the full life is with Angelina Jolie in my basement. Let's be in her room. I'll dance. I'll dance. I'll dance. I'll dance. But I bet you give your passion. I'll dance. I'll dance. To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement. I'll dance. Don't hurt my dog. I'll dance. Don't hurt her. I'll hurt her dog. I'll hurt her dog. I'll put you dog in the basket. It puts your narchond in the basket. So here's a fact that says you have to add my future bride until she gets to be straining order. Evil a rule. Formally of all my chilins and curly on CSI Miami. She was dropped egg goages. Order my copy of. On line. Thanks for the 30. Joel is for my her thanks for your Joel. Thanks for the memories. So you've got it. Evil a rule. We got it. I want to choose kind of Jack liberal or Jackal Lane. Did you see man? Did you see those info mortals? I've seen the juicy man. Were he's no not the old juicy man but Jackal Lane. No. I mean I don't know who he is. Spandex, I'm a man. He's 91. He didn't look at day over 140 man. He's just. I don't know. Maybe baby. I was going to jump suit. That's exactly right. That's what we were in jumps. Did you see that? Well I've seen him. He'll never wear the jumps. He'll never wear the jumps. He'll be looking bitch on. He was hosting with thing. And his poor wife. He's like feeding him like Padma. That's why he's the juicer a lot. They make a lot of applesauce. Mooshy stuff. Oh, and is something. I got an article here that you're going to love. I don't know if John's a big John Stewart fan. But you tend to hate him now. No, no. That's not correct. I said I liked a daily show. I don't want you that much. But why I see the clips from him. It's funny as hell. And it got some good writers obviously. We take whatever's going on. And really do a great job of satirizing it. But we'll say what you want. But even fashion again for two days before the show. Don't like him. I know. Craig. Well, my entire little opinion. There's a lot of time. Sheels writes who's the award-winning TV and the critic for the Washington Post. Not that he knows anything. He says memo to John Stewart. Keep your daily job. Crash was not only in the only film chosen best. Let me try it again. Crash was not only in the film chosen best picture with the 70th Academy Awards last night. It was also the sound made by the show itself as metaphorically speaking a drove into a wall. It's hard to believe that professional entertainers could have put together a show less entertaining than this year's Oscars. Hosted with a smug humorlessness by Comic John Stewart, a sad and pale shadow of great host gone by. The movie Munich was represented in one category, a musical score by a clip in which suspense built over a bomb that didn't go off. The Oscar show and NBC televised live from LA was a bomb that did. Film buffs and they politically minded me while we'll be arguing today about whether the best picture Oscar to crash was really for the film's merit or just to cop out by the motion picture Academy so it wouldn't have to give the prize to broke back Mountain and movie about two Cowboys who fall reluctantly but passionately in love. Mountain won two of the major awards leave me up to best picture best screen play and best director for angley. It is expected as acceptance speech, we said the movie wasn't just about a homosexual affair but about the greatness of love itself. I didn't see any love and I'm moving whatsoever. But the Academy ran out of love for the film at that point making crash, the surprise winner to its credit crash, which won two other Oscars deals with important social issues, two especially racism and American society. Among the more beguiling acceptance speeches was that given by Reese Witherspoon George's favorite, who once will play in country singer June Carter and I walked the line the story Johnny Cash. I never thought it'd be up here in my whole life she said with ingenuous charm. You also quoted June Carter's distinct philosophy of life, I'm just trying to matter. And George is just trying to swatter like a mosquito. Program look gorgeous and high definition TV from the quote I feed her but it was filled with so many cliffs, piles and piles and miles and miles of cliffs from films present and past that the visual lustre was squandered. The audience at home doesn't want to look at clips of once the look at big-time movie stars. Unfortunately those have an increasingly short supply. When Jack Nicholson stored out to give the best picture price of the evenings in, there wasn't an only innovation, but a huge sigh of relief in the audience, the sense of the whole crowd saying, oh yes we still have giants in the business. Although I guess he's down playing Dustin Hoffner, it was wrong with him as he chopler. Well he's little and Jack Nicholson is really big and fat. No he's not big, he's fat and squat. This part was made early as well as when Merrill Street been slowly Tomlin and mashed a lot of one we'd about that. Stewart began to show drearyly looping through a monologue that liked a single hilarious joke with a possible exception of Dior couldn't be here tonight to his terminology on a rossic red dress in Dick Cheney Schottor. And I was mildly amusing and I would agree that was the funniest thing he said. That was about it and Stewart had five months working with his legions writers from the Daily Show on Comedy Central to come up with good material. It goes to prove that there's still a big, big difference between basic cable and big time never TV after all. The liveliest moment of the night was contributed by hip hop ensemble 360 Mafia performing an nominated song. It's hard out here for a pin from the film Hustle and Flow. The group practically brought the house down leading Stewart to ask following the writers performance. How come they're the most excited people here tonight? He said more Oscar acceptance features should be his rolicking but it's the host job that generated seven and two in Stewart-Generated None. There was a cute bit take before he appeared in which past host turned the job down. Billy Crystal and Chris Rock said no because they were sharing a tent all our broke back. Even David Letterman was joke for years about slapping his an Oscar host made a gracious reappearances if to say no hard feelings. Letterman's hosting gig however was better than Stewart's by far. For some strange reason ABC decided to play music on a most of the acceptance speeches and set it just happened in music interrupt winners when it was time for them to walk off. Perhaps the music was there to facilitate the use of a 10 or 15 second delay part of the new morality inflicted on TV by the FCC which lobbies finds for naughty words e-muaness book and spontaneously and would no man so forth thought on shows like this. Among other highlights Jessica Alba's dress. Jessica Alba. The handsome plexiglass latter in the facility is some dramatic shots from distant front of the stage. The usual tastefully done in memorial montage from film figures about since last Oscar cast and Jennifer Lopez looking particularly attractive. Oh god I must have missed that. What was the best documentary feature for the film March of the Penguins had the clunky bad taste to bring stuff penguins out of the stage wisdom. It was a joke that later penguins saw a thing. The epitome of honesty perhaps came when Stewart muttered on the loser into the microphone. He was speaking not only for himself but for the whole show. I don't agree with everything he wrote in there of course but nevertheless I think he's got a sum on it pretty well. I've summed it up. Josh didn't even watch the show so how do you know how John Stewart did. I don't know how he did. I watched like 15 minutes of it here and there. I mean it's not that I just like him personally like I saw him on King a couple nights. Last Wednesday night for a couple of minutes or whatever night it was. I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I was like I'm done I'm going to bring good way to analyze it he's excellent at what he does stick to what you do the best don't try to be like all like any more for you know stick to the comedy and stick to the transvestites in the cars and don't try to be a singer don't try to be there. You see what I'm saying what he says I'm saying that not not nobody can do everything but will Smith you know just go away stick to what you do best go away Here's the story that I was attracted to headline is what got me on this one. That's a lot of pizza. Oh for me! That's exactly what I had in mind was. That. Maryland and companies private equity are basically to my private and held NPC international awards largest franchisee of pizza had restaurants and PC set in the same year today. I'll tell you one thing, well you go anywhere in the world. Oh and guess what we're doing this morning on CNN? What were they doing this morning on CNN? Dricken coffee. Okay. They did blind taste tests and overwhelming. They had some much left out there in the streets in New York and then the people in the studio and then what's his name? Scumiles of Brian and solely dead of Brian and Paddle Brian and all the other of Brian's. And they were like taste and they had like A-B-N-C and nobody knew which one was. And they almost all of them picked B, which was Burger King. Huh. I fired away far and away to the best coffee and then McDonald's was also Dunkin Donuts. They all like Burger King the best. How do you like that? In terms of the deal which is expected to close the string we're not just those that deals be seen to prove that in principle from Pizza Hut the agreement is the latest in the series of acquisitions by private equity groups of fast food restaurants chains and PC is the world's largest pizza hot franchisee in curly operates 790 pizza restaurants and liver kitchens in 26th, across America and of course all around the world man everywhere you go there's pizza everywhere just everywhere there's regular pizza there's pizza to express Amsterdam Berlin Frankfurt Paris Unayment. I mean of course you got you know your Mickey D's and all those two but I mean pizza hot. I mean everywhere. Not to mention it currently and that's a full food chicken place. Here's a facts how oh yeah that a here is an A-all my yeah this facts Paris Milton my ass. There was a lot of polarity there is that effect. I think you're probably heard so that you're asked the very close call. Yeah I got news for my ass lots of life at inchutas. I'll take your word for it even on a day for Royde should pop. No I won't actually we can put it on or because look at what the question is that's we didn't say we didn't assume that these people have good taste. That's always the thing when you most desire you put Paris Milton on there just for Yuck's right. I think maybe wine Mike might go for that just for a look out there for Yuck's. Yeah look out. You know I don't want to like I want to say this delicately but you know I'm always vision about these really smelly nasty gross people like it would be on in various places. Mostly certain kind of I don't want to say like Russian and all that next Easter block. But you know most of these people are married to somebody you know I'm growing with this. Yes I do and I think to myself these people are laying down in the same bed with other people. That's right and they look like this and they smell like this and they like have and see you know Barra sop for a thing a body worship about I mean. You know what I'm saying? Yes I do they're probably very to a similar pig. I see because otherwise maybe it explains the ration to the sides in the world you know that might be a horrible thing. You know maybe maybe like 40-50 years ago the other person the smelly nasty gross person was like very attractive whenever you're young and very you know maybe even whatever had good hygiene. But all of a sudden it's turned away disgusting smelly nasty crunchy pig. Man. I just like to have to lie down to something like that. Don't they you? They're like that. Night after night. They after day. Get up in the morning with that morning breath that's stenched at wonderful aroma. See maybe it's just not so bad after all of a day. This is you know you're right. Look at that little self. This is 5.16. You understand the stop-out in the track of every while. If anybody has a opinion. Desenting from or away. Your facial name and food has been stopped. I send them me out yesterday. Don't even have a two-quad. Just follow who don't say. Everybody's turning blind. Passes you yesterday. You can see us the victory now. We're watching our love you. Everyone that doesn't say. Yeah. So that's what you're doing. This time it's for you, son. And all you'll find me. This is the last day. I've got to say. I've got to say those. And we can live our own school. This is everything we tell you. And this takes one year. Let one and four to one friend. We love your husband. We are open, say, need for his family. That's us who we're saying. We don't let you see our jobs, though. But a time that is good. We're passing day and night by, J. No, no, no, no, no, no. All around the world. We're passing day and night by, J. Everybody's turning blind. Passes you yesterday. 1118 at 5.60. 112. Can't but both camp were a two. You got Curtis for the mad dog at four. And then I heard he used to. Don't forget we got the QM van today. No, not two. It's a shell gas station in the corner. University drive a bar board right. Right across more that you stand that convenience store or the cops, plantation cops used to make the coffee every morning. Eat to free donuts, right? Which is was probably no longer there. And also right next to that veterinarian that I didn't use for long time. And then seven o'clock tonight, Josh will have merchandise with him at Hurricane Hotline. And Bernie Cosa stay couse. 59.60 southwest 70. It's reaches two blocks west of US one. At the hurricane Hotline, which is on this 79. And the beast had Bernie Cosa's at 9 and the 80.10. But at hurricane stuff, let's hope they do some real good hurricane route. And okay, let's hope it has some impact. Because we want those cans to win big on Thursday when they play Clemson in the ACC journey with a pregame at 11.30 Thursday morning. Oh yeah. You haven't Clemson at noon. And then of course that they win Thursday and Friday. They're right back again on like I said Thursday. Well, Friday. Got it following that. We got it. Yeah. Overwards. Keep going. Keep on going. And maybe at least do for I to give us a nice soft week this week. It would be really good soft. 5.67. I'm really surprised. I thought this whole may bring it off the hook today. But it's picked up right where was yesterday. That kind of a week. So you'll be pleased to be doing money. Got a short show to my anyway. I'll be short enough. But I'll be. 10. 5.6705.60. 5.660. The provides and sing it a while of the slide. Of course, I could have made the dentist thing for Thursday morning when we had the short show. But that's not when they had an opening. Right. That's when I'm going to the end of my tooth and they got an opening tomorrow morning. So that's when I'm going to the Queen broker crowd. So you got to get to do it. That is correct. WQA and hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay. Happy. Melated 30 year. Happy for him. Yeah. Hey, Brad Pitt is one of the one he's been in the world because Angelina Jolie is very open about her bisexuality. So on the 9th, 20 season, a minute per talk of the F stuff. I'm sure he's there. Okay. 5.6705.60. I wonder where he was going with that. Yeah. Straight to Taco Hill. And 5.670 Verizon, Sing it a while of the slide. You know what I started up by like sounding like a responsible rational human. Yeah. The minute he started like going right there, you know, right there. Right there. Don't go there. WQA, hello. How are you doing, buddy? Are you like in a barrel? No, I'm okay. Are you going over that? We're closing a barrel. Because I can barely hear you, man. And then, you're right here. What is it? How is the hand feeling? You're just going down again. Yeah, right. Oh, God help us. WQA, hello. Hey, I wanted to put in a boat. Yeah. How are you doing? I'm right here. I'm listening. Okay. How about Michelle Fyfer? You like Michelle Fyfer? Uh-huh. Are you willing to? I'm sorry. Are you a lesbian? No. Okay. Well, that's okay. Just asking me, would you like to be? You know, it might be interesting. Try one. I'm always trying for okay. It sounds interesting. Major, you'll come by and watch. I'll bring the camera. Okay. No record. Okay. Thanks. All right. Play by. We'll put her out there. And what does that feel? What are they showing on there? Where? Where? They're going to be put it on their cake area. This is Limbaugh. I don't know. She makes me ill. He was kind of a rush. What about that story about Eric Scher, America going off to WWE and the York probably April 1? How about that? What about it? That's this pulls, I mean, I mean, maybe the beyond of your stolen skills, but I can't say that. You know, And then if it's a lady, but that kind of pulls the whole carpet. You know, it's not from, maybe the fact is that the liberals can't be on a radio No mold. Did there a lawyer? Something. I think that's part of the Patriot Act by an Unknown Government by now being the, Yeah, I'll ask that. Here's line. Yeah, I'm dying. WWE and hello. Very, very weak. Any junior pathetic work on a man. WWE, you know, I'm all on. Happy to wait. And a verse of reads. Happy, got a verse of reads. WWE and hello. Questions, by fire? Five, six, seven, five, 60. Like I said, started the incident. That way all week long. WWE, aka. Puzzle your pile today. Mm, I got a fair pile. Looks kind of like a, Parasilton. WWE and hello. I want to put some soul in the same pan. Greer. Pan Greer. Represent. Okay. Put some soul on it. All right. Pan Greer. Well, she was famous for the black Spoisation movies of the 70s. Oh, so no, she's an old bag now. Currently, she's on the old word. Yeah. Hmm. So, well, how old is she about 72? Like, 30. Pretty hot. She's almost as hot as Rosa Parks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60. Verizon, sing it a while to slime. Life is passing you by. Folks, I can smell that already. Life is passing you. Folks by. WDQAM. Hello. And we all, how are you doing? Okay. Happy 30. Yeah. I got an opportunity to call in about that. And I just wanted to mention. Proost that Paul Casanova has has a zero up your partner. He, I was given the old put the lotion in the basket. Did you hear anybody? Anybody else coming about that? No, because nobody listens to it. So, having our own mind. Now, he, he looked like that's something. No, is that something new that he, the rift shop, everybody, including also a lot? I just thought I'd mention it. But there's nothing else to listen to. What do you do? Anyway, so that's what it was. You were saying he's got to own the basket. Okay. It's best that he's got going for him. It's what I took Stearn off here. He's never going to be seen as got any audience. So, Phil last night is much funnier than Paul. Innovation, which we got a nice, facts from Phil yesterday. That's me. And we didn't get nothing from Paul saying, hey, happy 30. If you will bastard, Fagre, not like that. You know, because he's a, And by the way, we still don't want to onto you, I am Paul. I love the way he lied about that and denied that. He, they, everybody, pity, lany and dust. Oh, he wanted an investigation so bad. He might or other that. She can't love it like you've been believed. Oh, don't have so much a lies. Yeah, right. Yeah, on the liar. On the liar that always was running into him with the saw grass. He would, you know, make up those things on your right. Random any of the saw grass. First of all, I never shot that to saw grass. I was in there maybe twice in my life. And to food court. I did like Nathan's though. Yeah. We don't have to go to the saw grass to get in the find Nathan's or everywhere. Yep. Seriously, why would you, what, what, what is the attraction of the saw grass when you come right down to it? I give up. What's the maggot's store? Well, it's sprawling. Yeah. Hearing all the different languages spoke. Yeah, that's a good point. It's like a, it's like the tower of Babble made by the, Right. It's a bouquet of the, that's on. Which is what they pay me to do. We're going to make that 1000 easy today. We got 80 to already at 1130 yet. So I guess that's what it's going to be. I think this is a good direction moving in our less on the phone and more on the internet. Haha. Oh yeah. Who is the woman you most desire? Jessica Alba 143. Halle's varies 125. Angelina Jolie 14. Charlize Tarant 90. Scarlet Johansson 85. Natalie Porman 46. None. I'm a straight female 41. 4.6% that is a shocker. We never get that. Do we? Look, almost 5% of the audience. Maybe the ladies are finally catching on. People are ready to go out of the closet. Even on Gloria 41, Brittany Spears 36. Brittany's dropped a herciferous tumble. She's tumbling on. I got that skank all over her. Oh, God. That's it. It'll be 33. Non-Gay 32. 32. Gay. I hate this pool 31. AVN-Limit 21. Maria Minuno 11. Jennifer Conley 9. If you ask me to ask somebody, Jenna Jamison 8. C.N. Miller is six panel of Anderson 5. And George is spitting blood. Paris, Milton's got a pair. Tiny pair. You're not noticeable. But she's got a pair. Amoree 2. She's out Boonskin. Boonskin. Boonskin's got one. And none for Pam Greer. Michelle Fyfer or Eva or Joshua Roe. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16. 18. A. Sam. Pakistan. Hey. At dual level. What did he do? Don't you have any? I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm just asking you to just ask me. Raymond Cleene. Well, entertainment news now. St. George Michael is out on bail after being arrested for suspicion of run possession. Police arrested him in London after finding a swan so over in his car. They questioned him about drug use. And we're now in the bathroom investigation. It's a big city to face up to two years ago. And the fun. The house, criminal's lunch. He's giving some crack. Just a very next day. Walk you away. I'm queer. I have no clue. It's here. I'm weak. I'm not a woman. There's a woman. You got to have faith. I have proof. You've gave me some crack. Put the feeling I'm safe. I'm so scared away. I'm queer. I have no clue. It's here that we try to run possession. All right. I'll be your father, figure. Ha ha ha ha. Police will call firemen work for public to a man being Trump's face and it's doing we never call on a streetplace The high-top corner got the yard said she was arrested on suspicion of the possession of control substances. He was taken to a central London police station. Who wants to admit it with the sky? A pop-pad room in July and the cops. Yes, they recognize me. It's been a few years now, it doesn't surprise me. So we got a sleeping hide-away. I was Trump in my own office. Now I know what a fool I've been. I sure could use another hit strong again. Cause the fast Christmas, if baby's so cracked, but the very next day, I won't be the way. I'm queer, I have no to live. I'm a 32 at 5.60, WDQAM, GOP lawmakers worked to limit probe of domestic spine program. Republicans in Congress are trying to limit the scope of any investigation. And how President Bush's secret domestic surveillance program is operated. Some key lawmakers also are working to legalize such spying on US citizens in the future. Perhaps with some judicial restrictions, let me read that sentence again. Some key lawmakers are also working to legalize such spying on US citizens in the future. Perhaps with some judicial restrictions, or perhaps not. Yeah, right. Perhaps. The dual track effort is designed to protect the Bush administration from an all-out congressional in-parwin of the secret program. While rejecting Bush's argument that the already has fully equal authority to order such surveillance. The Senate Intelligence Committee scheduled a vote today on a democratic plan to conduct a broad investigation of the program. The committee chairman Pet Roberts, your Republican of Kansas, a real Yahoo, is trying to win support for a more limited inquiry. Roberts refuses to say yes to the way that we had the votes to force all the democratic demand for investigation. Democrats need only one Republican decide who orders such a probe of the vote. That's that Doug Thompson thing, man. That's, uh, her scary stuff. Of the scary stuff. How dare he write anything about the unmentioned of an act? Right. In that unmentionedable website. Speaking of unmentionedable is Walmart. Walmart and with bloggers in a PR campaign. This is, this is so, this is almost a fact of to me in spite of all the money to make an obedience. And this is actually desperation. Yeah. Because Moe and Moe are people are getting out of them and Moe and Moe are more communities are saying, Hey, guess what? We don't want you here. You can't build one here. Go find some slave labor somewhere else like an India. Brian Picker laid blog or recently posted note on his website at Tech East State Legislation. I would force Walmart's stores to spend more and employ health insurance. All across the country newspaper editorial boards, no great friends of business are ripping the bills he wrote. It was the kind of pro Walmart comment that John Retailer might write itself in. In fact, it did. Huh. Several sentences in Mr. Picker's January 20 posting others from different days are identical to those written by an employee that one of Walmart's pubic relations firms and distributed by email to bloggers. Under the saw does never be for. All right. Walmart is increasing the level of the human being on the mainstream. Me being working directly with bloggers, feeding them exclusive nuggets of news, suggesting topics for postings, even inviting them to visit its corporate headquarters. Kind of like the way the Fudge Report operates. You know, we get to call from Richard Melon Schaif and some of those operatives, those right wing fanatics. And by the beat, but it will be put on it whatever they, you know, they just put the words in his mouth. And boy, you talk about getting crowded. But the strategy raises questions about what bloggers who pride themselves in independence to this close to readers. Walmart, Fination's largest private employer has been forthright with bloggers about the origins of its communications. And the company has public relations firms, Edelman, say they did not compensate the blogger. But some bloggers have posted information from Walmart at times, word for word without revealing where it came from. Glenn Reynolds, the founder of instepunded.com, one of the oldest blogs on the web, Wayne at the wicked web, said that even the blogger's career, which has been on for its lack of rules, a basic tenor deploys. If I reprint something, I say where it came from, a blogger's about your voice, it seems to me that somebody else's. Companies of all striped shows you using blog self-shaped public opinion. Before a general elector can ask the major investment energy efficient technology last year, company executive's first met with major environmentalist. The bill support. Others have reached down to bloggers from all day, product for services Microsoft, with his ex-box game system. By the way, they don't work. And singular wireless is down to the introduction of an ebook on it. That was so choice, man. All those people that were beat each other over the head and going crazy and line them up at Tia Clock at a morning. And they thought they were an expound they said, well, it doesn't work. But what's given about Walmart's approach to bloggers, they rather than promoting a product, something it does quite well, given it's $200 billion annual sales, it's trying to improve its battered image. Walmart long criticized for low wages and its health benefits began working with bloggers in late 2005, as part of an overall effort to sell our stories, said, Mona Williams, a company's spokeswoman. As more and more Americans go to the Internet to get information from varied, credible, trusted sources, Walmart is committed to participating in that online conversation, she said. That goes on. They're just, you know, trying to see the first propaganda. So careful what you read on the web, just trust this stuff you read on our website. That's it. That's right. All the rest is proper gander. All I do like that raw story, man. That's excellent. It's pretty raw. If you realize we got 914 votes already, I do. And there's a dumb person that did you talk about TV? Oh, there he is. Oh, no, thank God, it's not live. But that's right here. They were a user force to one to fly to Texas because he had a cast that vote in that time that's got like 40 votes in it. He might be the deciding vote. So we can't afford any DCR that you see on the NBC News outside all those mobile homes that are sinking into the ground. Yep. Yep. All these poor bastards from New Orleans, man, are homeless. And yesterday they started, you know, the demolition of those homes and the tearing of houses down. All the other crap and we got people at desperate to find a life, you know? I have no life. But we got thousands and thousands of mobile homes sitting sinking in the ground in Texas and we're obviously able to have our consulate. But think of food. Yeah. They're thinking over there. Ask you, Gordon, weaver would say nice trailer. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 the Verizon singular ride of the line. W to Q a m. Hello. Hey, good morning, new. Yes sir. Sandra Bullock on that list, please. Okay. And today's my birthday. Really? And she has such a small part in crash. And he was still great movie. She had a pretty small part. And for my birthday, could you do me one small favor? Me, possibly. And a moment now see here. I love it. I'm in the strip on positive. The funniest man between 10 and 2. Oh, no. Oh, no. See here. There actually is a good call. I mean, I remember the other. Yeah. It was about to be a series too, you know. Yeah. It was got fuck. It's still be a series. There's always the stop now. Now see here. His memory lingers on. Oh, do do do do do do. And he roamed that must read in the bag. How many of you weigh in? Hello. Hey, Neil. I got a couple of people for your list on the pictures list. They got a pattern of thanks. And then on the list of 40 folks, we got a original Martinez Jackson. Reggie Jackson, 44. My gosh. How can I have? We got Floyd Little. Right. We have. Did you? Dan Morgan. Who? Dan Morgan when he was a linebacker at the U or 44. Wow. Are you? I need this. That's not my U. And then of course, the world renowned chair at New Park when he was a Duke. Okay. Put your head. Oh, yeah. Although it is my university. We love their hurricanes. Went on Thursday. Please. Oh, yeah. Knock off. Pumps in man. Pumps is not that great. That's what we were told. They're marginal. Kings have a shot to win a game. We got a shot man. They give me Johnsonwood say we got a shot. Because if the Kings win a game, then they play again on Friday morning at the same time. So it's possible I could have a really soft week. You know, and my age is probably going to get used to it. Go to the soft food. Dennis tomorrow. That's not a soft deal. To be honest with that, rather worth it to our 50 minutes tomorrow, they go to the Dennis. Yeah. That's a good perk. Although I'm thinking I'm going to get drilled. But I'm going to get, uh, I don't know what, I don't know. I'm going to get creed. What are you going to get ground? Ground and crown and ground. I'm going to ground. I'm going to get coffee. Yeah. Well, they got to do coffee. I saw the side out there that they're called at something. One of the talking heads, I think it was a, uh, what's your name? Soly dead. I think she was saying how tasted like it. I know one of them was saying it tasted like it had something in it. Yeah. Who else? No, not a good careful. Careful. We love that burger king. Right. I love that best, huh? We like everybody who's in prison is on two. If you got somebody, we want it. Just like when you go into wood by man, you've got some cash. We'll take it. We don't care if they have to weed you in with 14 oxygen tanks and some of the, too. I still can't get over that. You think that's what I handed my future. Can you just envision that? But wheelchair oxygen is a hick right there. Part of the slot machine? Yeah. Yeah. I can see it now. Bag. You know, with the, uh, chair. And the nose. The electric wheelchair, of course. And the bathroom inside of my electric wheelchair. It's open around from one good machine to another one. I think that's it. And if that's what my future holds, I think that's the best idea. I'm going hunting with Dick Taylor. There he goes. He's me, Roger. This is five, six, two, one, four. I'm sorry. Our David's a fit. Okay. Now what's the moment that I was supposed to play? Because I got distracted by something on the internet. I wasn't. Now see here. Oh, now see here. Well, we're going to, I'm not going to find that. And keep in with the high standards of broadcasters. In the tradition of Edward Omar O. Sing it now. Five, six, E, W, Q, A, and recess. Now see here. With no Howard David. I just want to know. I'll say here. I don't know. Bigger. And if I can so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is to. Now see here. Who did more for radio? Neharogis? Oh, hey, Oscar Anderson. Yeah. I say, we must go and listen. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio. And at night smoke a he ain't no man. Why, you're a Hoyb Oscar Anderson saying nice song. Oh, he had a, You know, I think you're listening. And you're not even single songs about not an inmate. We're with it. Oh, no, no, no. I sure that there that's a nail singing that is very rich in songs about they go with the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. And then a back of the one and he writes in it and it neal sings them. Now you know he's queer because real men don't sing. Oh, and another, he was a radio. But a lot better than the old two that they have will make them their best. And the next one of them, how see here, who made a better cup of coffee? This is old city or Jackie Robinson and I, Now see me here next time for a mowing ignorance on, How see here, not there over here. And I heard it was Burger King. Now he misses oldson. 560, 560 pound, 560 of the Verizon Sea to wireless lines. And don't forget to am fan, noon to two, Sheldon station, Courtney University in the Broward Boulevard. And seven to 10 tonight, Dr. Shortes lab merchandise with him that they hurricane hotline, Bernie Cosa, our steak house. Now you got to do better than 80 bucks there tonight. I have no control over that show up people. Let me say it again. You had to do better than 80 bucks. That's pretty lame. I, they got to do better than 80 bucks. Who's going to be on the air while you're there? Um, that would be Josee from a Josh Thero and the piano. This is till 10. So see the other guy's got a plug. I will. Okay. Of course. And additional, which is why we probably can do better because we know the address of this one. It's Bernie Cosa, our steak house, 5960 Southwest, 70 of Street. Just too blast west of the US one. And suppose that smoky bones yesterday went there and didn't know where the hell was. Come in to QA. The 2 AM, hello. Sample here. 4. Yes sir. This sounds like you're doing this to me. Yeah it is. WQAM, hello. 2 AM. Good day to you, Bally. Good day. Hey, you guys have, uh, they only watch on the pole. What's that? I think that's their name. Good. Yeah, the King Kong guy got a woody for. See, here you go. We should have passed. Sorry. We're head man. Although she deserves the other work. Well, they're on there. I have no problem with that. Just when he starts making comments about what he's great, we're in his ponytail. Like that. We get real upset. Along with some of these people. S.K.B., whoever that is. Yeah, I mean, these people that send facts is that have no name. I remember the song, a horse with no name by the name. Right. It's always a fact that with no name. Why is that? Or is it like they could ever, I almost never use anybody's last name on a year, just out of, you know, common courtesy, which I don't have much for a little bit. Gabriel Union. By the way, Miguel is already out there with the van. Well, that's great. The early bird gets the worm. Okay. Go by and give the, uh, the worm to a Miguel. Or the other way around. He's already there at the Shell gas station court in university and Broward Boulevard. Right across in the K-Corder from the Broward Mall. Gabriel Union to the women and most of their pulses, S.K.B., Scabby. Remember Scabby Hayes? Gabriel Union. What is the state of union? I was gave us union. You're going to have to elucidate me on some of that. I can't think of who she is. Oh, haha. Well, if you don't know how about Josh, you know who that is? No, he's googly. No. When he's googly. It's going to be one of those. Oh, that chick. Yeah, from that show. What are those things? Nine hundred. For oh, and you know something on it's Tuesday. And it was on supernatural on the WB tonight. Oh, that's right. Fine. She's a hot chocolate girl. Hot chocolate. Say it right. Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate. She can googly. She was in, uh, to his alion versus predator. Aliens meets the Terminator. Oh, he goes. Oh, man. You're most is there. We got nine hundred and fifty two votes. We'll have a thousand very close to a thousand by noon already. Well, this is, well, what does this mean? You know, nothing. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. What do you mean it doesn't mean anything? What kind of an anegatory comment is that? It all means it's really important. It's important. It's great. You don't think it's important? Uh, not not to me. It's not. I could give a cramp less about this particular poll. Now look at homestrade female. Four point six percent. Forty four. Forty four out of nine fifty two. In fact, the votes are coming in by the nuns. The nuns are voting now. I bet you the nuns got their favorites. Yeah. I'm sure they do. Yeah. And gay 34. Three and a half percent. The fact that we got more straight women than gay. Man, listen, that's not that. That's a real fly over in it. Of course, it could be a straight with an end gaze that actually voted rather than for that option. Jonathan and plantation has become a very chronic. Doctor, my artistic followers. Tom. And you see, right, everyone starts walking around to like it. Just go ahead and see. Right, mate. Relax a little bit and make a sloye on land. Calm has been a symptom. Right, did you come in with going on social media or else it was successful just all over Jewish politics? Okay, yeah, it would be good. Everything is the same thing. Yes, they were big. Three two five eight points. Okay, no question. Nothing much. me, you know? So at first I did a inviting my tongue at woodbind. We found it's hard to see if it was going to do there. Especially if it entice you to run a hell out. And then this thing, we just just mind my old business two nights ago, eaten dinner all from the just crunch, you know? And it was a whole chunk of, and come to find our isn't just one, two, there's another two, if it's got like a little, a little thing. So I see a little thing on your tooth. I said, what would be the first time? W2A and hello. Hello, Neil? Yes? When did moment kick off? How many of you are you hurting? When did it go? How are you? Are you looking at a cave somewhere, he's been off the air for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks now. I just got back, I was out of town. He's long gone, man. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Where's the at now? Where's the at now? Where? Come. Let me see again. Come. Okay. Well, I get it. These people at these cell phones, I can't hit it, no, no, no. You know what? The worst quality, and you think as the time went on, it would get better. So, would you think that? You think, but... No, no, no, no. You think it would be a good cell phone, but it's not. And that's where it sounds like, and they're fading in and out, and like, all over the place. Jesus, get a real phone, pal. Will you please? I have no life. He talked about out of touch. When's the mic when you're coming back? What about Big Wilson? You know, I mean, get serious. Where you? Mo was getting paid to stay home. In fact, I think I do believe that any day now, it wasn't a marks tent that was the end of his contract. Okay. So maybe he'll be popping up on some station year you were soon. I have a feeling it's not going to be the one across this period. I could be wrong about that. You never know. I don't see the Mo and Joe show. I don't see that coming to come in again. The low Joe show. WDQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. George Soxman. Soxman. Come in to QA and hello. Hi, Neil. I have these related 30th anniversary. Thank you so much. Thanks so much for all the information and the bedtime stories you've given us in the last few years. I mean, yeah. Neil, I don't, I haven't been able to listen to every minute of every show regrettably. But I was wondering, have you seen this short film documentary called, Ha Ha America? No. Well, I think you'd really be interested in that can tell you and your listeners have to see it if you want to online. What's it about? It's about it's a Chinese documentary. Satirical documentary on America outsourcing all the jobs to China. It's very interesting. I think you'd like it. You can see it by going to a website called you to whyoyoutubie.com. And then you open the search for movie section you put in quotes. Ha Ha America. And give it a shot today if you get a chance. I think you really enjoy it, Neil. Okay. Thanks again for everything. Thanks a lot, Kelly. Take care, youself. So ha ha ha America is what he said. Ha ha ha ha America. That's a website. Here's a facts from a chronic. Ha ha Neil, hi George. 30 year listener. I'm only 53. Ha ha says cough. 53 is a spring chicken if you're old told like me and most of us old far to a QAM. It's the old station and we don't care if you don't like it too bad. Just jealous. Both of my kids grew up with you always on a radio. Had your 25th anniversary, I sent you the sign name, Metro Magazine with my daughter on the cover. Now you're 30th. My son is in the book at our tone news. He and his partner, a nickel a shay started to website just for teens. What do what that means he and his partner and nickel a shay. I don't know. He knows Nick. Anyway, it's called wi-fly.com or maybe nicksfly.com. The article cannot be emailed but it's in today's book at our tone news by Nickel Jenkins. Both a native celebrates first website for teens. Uh, teens only. I love you Wendy. Thanks Wendy. I love you. Okay. So her son and his partner, he and his partner, Nick, I have a website just for teens. I could be anything. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I've come. What do you mean it? What does that mean? You're such a party. General neutral. You and his party. Such a party. Yeah, that's right. For me is girlfriend. That's what we need to make a newbie. Nobody care about elderly. Just an interesting choice of words. That's harder. You know, like a highman Roth had a party. Everybody was going to have a partner. Probably that guy that they bring him back from Israel, I can't say he's probably got a partner. 966 votes for what that is. So impressive man. I think we can just retire right now. 969. Oh, sorry. 960. WQA and hello. Mail? Yes sir. Michelle Rodriguez. Michelle Rodriguez. So we guys. Yeah. We'll put that in. Awesome. Thank you. She's an ugly beast, but we'll put her under anyway. Michelle Rodriguez. Let me see it again. Who is she? She's she's. She's. Is there anybody out there? What? She's an actress. Yeah. She's a thin and movie. She's on lost right now. She ought to be. She's a ugly bean face. Oh, well put around her anyway. What do you get? Oh, there's that beaner stuff starting again. You were the one that found beaner for you. You got some sneak in there to be talking about beaners nevertheless. Yeah. Oh, where did you find him seriously? Where did he come from? For two years, he tried to get an internship here. And he, you know, come to appearances or write and bring his resume and all this stuff. And he was a computer guy. And that was at the time when we needed a computer guy and somebody that's sitting in the other room. So I set up an interview. And he vs his way on in. And I knew you would. With, uh, I guess it was clear it's at the time. And Duc was still the operation that he did. But, you know, because they were helping me. The decisions you sure would ever want to hired him. No. It was probably what I heard somebody would better than that. Anyway, he's the last 18th experience for the head of mistakes. We all make mistakes and like that. Yeah, that's what he would have to live with. Or almost died with. Uh huh. Well, it's a good thing I wasn't in that day that he collapsed on the floor. Oh, you know, you don't enjoyed the show. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, you know, it's probably my fault. I didn't know when these guys do the work for the internet and put the stories up there. I said, you know, keep sending money and I have a thing that was subsidizing whatever he's for, you know, probably a problem. I was saved by Thomas or Mr. I get him to speak right. Firstly, it can't speak in a funny. The interesting thing was when you when you push that on someone's chest when they're blowing blood bubbles out of their nose. Yeah, some amazing how big those bubbles could actually get before they pop. I'll be down. 1157 a few of me got Kimba Boe camp where it panthers lost in a shootout last night. They were behind late and they tied it up. Looks like things were going well in the loss in the shootout. They're playoff chances at this point are, oh, none unless the none. Montreal, until I bought said it once again. I don't want to get into hockey talk, but the Philadelphia Flyers man was exciting game, but that Montreal game was a choking, gagging, airfage yard and should rot in hell. This, basilion, rocket cocky, idiot. This, even across the point, you check in. 10-oam lands security, Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Hi. Hey. What if I told you there's a way to prepare your corporate documents that will make them tasty to investors no matter what's actually bubbling just below the surface? Hi, everybody. I'm Ron Pocky. For my latest invention, he's in Rancal, Rotisserie Booker. Okay. Now, before I show you all the great features you'll enjoy with my new book cooker, let me introduce my helper for today. She's the wife of this Grace former and Ron CEO Kennethway. Let's say hello to Linda May. Hi, Ron. Yeah. What's cooking? It's just now. It's good. Oh, you want to know, Linda, right now in the oven, we're cooking up a batch of Enron books. Oh, well, it's yours, Mel's great. That's right, Linda. My all-new Enronco Rotisserie Booker makes even the followers-smelling accounting practices are real, free for the nostrils. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and that's because of the special heating element I design. Come here, come here. Look at this. See, see that right there? Oh, Ron, I don't believe it. It's actually turning the red into black. That's right. I'm not gonna be right. That's right. And first of all, when you're done cooking the books, you just pop out the heating element. I just missed that. That was so easy. Oh, sure. And then just pop in the Enronco Rotisserie Shredder. And then, just shred it and block it. Run, this is fantastic. Thank you. You can show this to my friends at Arthur Anderson. Show it to them. Who do you think is my biggest customer? You big Enronco Rotisserie Booker. Get one today before they lock you up. Oh, my God. What a good idea. I'm gonna give you a piece of advice. Bubble one at five, 60, no juicy man. No, how's launch coming from John the Baker? Uh, slow. Really? Not there yet? No. Ah, some of the de-spotted about it too. It's coming. I was it? That's what we're told. Yeah. That's what you've been told. Well, I don't want to do it. I'll do it because it's a counten. Who get like all, you know, start hyperventilating, get all emotional, start crying. It'll screw up there real soon. In fact, it works to me. Like it's lunch hour right now. What do you want for the 15th of the morning? Sure, that'd be good. Don't be there any minute. You're in tea. I'll bet you don't bet you Josh's life on it. Which ever Josh you wanted to do. Oh, don't forget my gullusher. And now we've got to report you. We've got 60 bucks. Well, that's, that he just officially started right now. It's better we did yesterday to bid head start. Right. 12,065 bucks. That's a real good start. There ought to be lined up from there all the way up to sunrise Boulevard. There ought to be lined up all the way to commercial Boulevard. Noon to two at the Shell Station, you'll find right now. Miguel, Nick, you and Van Waten for use. See, I don't want to make any predictions, but I'm very worried. That's why I'm very nervous about these CD things. Because in the beginning there's this real big, you know, and then all of a sudden after people got some, and then strange things begin happening. You know what I mean? Yeah. Still, it's not about the bits, it's about actually having the CD and contributing to the cause. Right. It's up in the show people. Thanks for through right. It's a right price. I mean, $20 isn't even a bucket year. You put it in your case. It's part of a credit card. It's part of a credit card. And entertainment and elucidation and whatever else we do. It's a collector's item. That's what that's right. That's even not a dollar for a fart sound that we used to play. Like just pennies per fart. Till two o'clock, Miguel's waiting for you. We better do a thousand bucks there today. I'm going to be really porked off. I'll tell you how and what are we going to get the next stuff that in the internet thing is that's just going to be sporadic, spastic. I don't know. According to University in very full of our next event, veterinarian place. I think that's temptation animal hospital is what it is. You should use them for a while. Here's one that says you've got a bunch of Jessica's on your list, but not the hottest one. Jessica Simpson. And George actually was close enough to you as right there in that studio. And probably still has saved a very shiny spot on that seat. Right. Right across the table. I captured the air from the seat. It's pretty much the same. It's pretty much the same. In a small air. I'm trying to where I put the tube, but he captured the essence of Jessica's ass air. I thought he said here. Why do you say that? Why do you say that? 56705. Yes, she's all right. She's an idiot. And I really wonder about that whole arrangement. But what's to lie? 5670560 and pound 560 in the Verizon cigarette rotis line. W2AM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The snail. Sounds like me, yes. Meal. 51 year old ankle. The most near-for. So about 15 years. I did get a CRI order to see these that day after you had it on the website. And I just wondering if people are getting them. How long it takes to get them. Anybody want to give me an answer? All right. I was going to do it. 4 to 6 weeks. I don't know. I'll make it out of here for just 6 weeks. So they'll be along. Yeah. They'll be along. Okay. Well, please. Thanks for the entertainment. You're great now. You want to start hitting me with questions like that. We're lying. We know. We got a guy. He's a good guy. You know. We got to take the money and have scumbony. It's because he did the stuff for a posture. Yeah. Well, I test the set off. Right. Oh. No. He's a good guy. He's taking care of it. We don't want to get him all psychotic. Maybe he doesn't get it. You know. He's Richard. Meal the CVs out already. Yeah. Mail him out. Dick. 5670560. How are we doing on our pool? We got a fast boat. Oh, look at that. My psychic powers, baby. That means that food will begin there any minute. A thousand and one votes. Oh, I am good. Just ask me. I'll take a thousand and one. And just to get Alba and the Halle Berry and Angeline. They all got a shot. They all got a big shot. That's a nice group up there. WQA and hello. Hey. They don't. Okay. Jennifer Tilley. Jennifer Tilley sounds kind of silly. Okay. Jennifer Tilley. What do you say? You can't say anything because the question is who is the woman you most desire. If he wants Jennifer Tilley, he's entitled. Okay. He wants Jailo that he's entitled. I'll be wanting to keep probably handle an aesthetic, but nevertheless, you never know. I'll let it be. That's a objectionable. It's all a rest. I think they start with the action. The kind of move up from the end down. Up and down. 5670560. Why? I'll tell you these last couple of days, man. It's not looking all that promising. And ordinarily, this kind of a pool. These ones will be smoking, baby. Right? Smoking. What's with this crowd? I think they're gone. I think once they heard the trends on Friday, that was it. Well, that's not where that. What we got in listen to now? We're not what that in that scare America. They're probably going to be going off pretty soon. What do we do now? What team do we start rooting for now? What band bag? You know, the interesting thing is I'm a little bit tempted on this. New York Daily News deal because they had a series of articles from this alleged book that you're main Jackson was writing. And then he goes out of Larry last night. No one at Larry would just kissy kissy kissy kissy all over what you did. And let him talk all of trash you wanted. And deny everything. He never had any of this stuff. It's all about to lie. He never was going to write these things. He had an outline for a book that had nothing to do with this stuff. And yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. I still say though that if it was all about to lie, if it wasn't you at the very least, why don't we turn the man to retraction? Or say we're going to sue you, ranch or he didn't indicate any of those things. And just like everybody else, Latoya and everybody else in the family, it's always say one thing and then somebody gets to them. That's damn fat, I can't stand it. Right, like that. So I think that those big black Muslim bodyguards he's got around him all the time. I think they may be occasionally make some of these people them off of the camera for you. I think they're going to be noises. They make a good argument. Just look at it and it's kind of what persuades us. Tell me the QAM, hello. Join Barberoy. Thank you. Join Barberoy. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Put it on there. That's what he wants. Can he have her? Oh. I don't want her. You can have her. That's what George says. Who? WQA, 2.5. Hello. Yes sir. You got a feet of glare on the lift. Venus Gourara. No, he's there. He's there. He's there. He's a Gourara. I thought it was Gourara. Yeah. Gourara. You're going to play for his face, but my mean hurricane. You need a Gourara. When he calls Gourara. Gourara. You've been to get your spiktox straight, Mr. King and the living son of Florida. Oh, they're going to execute me to keep your ass real fast. Vida Gourara. Like Randy Gourara. I remember Randy Gourara came back and playing the old times game on a Saturday when they were playing the hurricane spring game on the same day at the same time. And I got that call on Monday from Coach Smellie Burger. Very upset with me. Mr. Rogers. You have a problem with us. I said, yeah, I do. I said, I think we're going to like play. If you're going to like compete with yourselves for attendance, it's kind of a dumb thing that a, wow, I don't know if you have a problem with your job. While he was clenching that pipe in his TV, you know how it's smelly burger? He's a real bull. What are you? And of course, the sports nerds, they kissy kissy up to him. Yeah, I have no idea why he's real jerk. He's one of those sports nerds that take himself very seriously, you know. And he got his looks of pipe. I don't know about you. You know, he's the smoke of pipe who used to sit in the dark in the office where the Casper used to be before him. Luke Cron. You talk about in the dark literally and figuratively sitting in there, plunging smoking a pipe, you know. I'm not really wondering what he was smoking when he came right down to it. Perfect. What? I really doubt that because I know he got hysterical when I had the, the, the, the, the bird seeds And they're that, remember that episode you for? Yes, I, that's, that's, that's funny. Talking about seeds for the seeding that was pretending that we had a big thing of pot seeds in there and that's funny. Oh my god, and there's Tom Jickle was my guest that day. And Luke Cron has run it on the hall in little Tommy's in the hallway and the screaming, you're going to lose our license, you're going to lose in your mind. Well, my mother, hisster. And then what I had in my hand was that it was a jar, right, a glass jar with a bunch of Hertz, hearts mountain not Hertz, it did hurt, hearts mountain bird seeds. That's what was in there. And in any of you could tell by looking at it what it was and certainly what was not, you know, you can't tell a difference between bird seed and pot seeds man, you better get on the pot or get off it. Well, there's really one way to know for sure. Yeah, I know. Man, what a, what a clown. Yeah, don't, the thing about guys with pipes. Well, what are they trying to prove? I spoke a pipe. Someone, somebody, you, you, I am, hello. Hey, it's Akita. Oh, yeah, please. Put it on their fast. Shakita, banana. Shakira, I'm sure. Oh, shakira. I mean, I tell you man, equality these calls. I feel like I'm getting a, the laranese limbo syndrome. And I know it's not me. No, it's the phones. The phones suck. God. And of course, how those evolved, come and those switches, those both, I don't see anything going on, you know, a lot of verbal intercourse, they're, blah, blah, blah, blah, like that. That's what's happening. But that's okay, I don't care. Yeah, they're all, oh, we're gonna start again. I don't care. We have, we, we have an understanding. Can we write me? Nope. We've got a meeting in the minds. W 2 AM, hello. Molly. Molly. Molly. Ring wall. Aah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Oh, I feel so unclean. Molly, ring warm? Is everybody said? Yeah, that's what he said. We'll put her out there. Oh, she gives me the spilkies man. I can't stand, I'm just looking. Oh, because you're an anti-suffer. Oh, is that what it is? Molly, ring wall is Jewish? Are you kidding me? Get out of here, just like the poster gel for Jewish girl. You think it, Molly, uh, goldberry? Right. Right, Molly Peek-on. Who used to make delicious pecan pie? Oh, I do love pecan pie, man. Or with cream on it. A little too sweet, little dollop. Oh, it is. We have to have like a small slice. Just a real small slice. But lots of whipped cream on it though. That's right. To cut it down. Yeah, to cut down the shoc- Although if you get somebody that makes it right, with lots of pecans and not so much of the syrup, then it's perfect. I mean, it makes it like that. No, you gotta get it like that. Because it's a soft, homemade person. It's like, seven is like, significantly sweet. You know what else then? And I don't think I've ever had it, nor would I ever be attempted to eat rhubarb pie. Oh, I've had rhubarb by sister-based-of-fine rhubarb pie. Is it good? Oh, yeah. If it's done right, see rhubarb pie. rhubarb itself is very sour. So when you make it right, it tastes like a sweet tart. Like if you ever have a sweet tart candies, sure. Yeah, it tastes like that. Mmm. It's good. It's got a tang. I feel like one thing. There are too many foods that they've made that I don't like. That's the problem. Yeah. Wouldn't it be great if they're like, we were, oh, I don't like that. You know, like, oh, like, oh, like, I hate that. Yeah, over there. Oh, crap. Oh, my god. I feel like I got it. I really, really, right-hand. Oh, chocolate. I feel like you're got to see these, right? When you come down. Is the food there yet? No. Come on, let's go. Come on. Yeah. I know John the Bakers, we hope we get better. We'll soon be hit like some kind of a minor rapportage. These find, but they have like a little deal. So of course he's leaving it up at the underlings right now. Oh, that was a big deal. Now they'll be there if they're not there. Boy, it's going to be, uh, it's going to be scandalous stuff. Hey, I'll take a one thing when you're shopping for shoes. It's scandalous if you're going anywhere beside Brandy's because you're getting ripped off. You're certainly not getting the deal. You're going to get a brandy's and I get an installation. And you're certainly not getting the personalized care and treatment that you get a brandy's. They treat your feet like gold, man. They find little them. They practically kiss them. And your feet, too. And Brandy's professional shoefitters make sure you get a perfect customized fit every time at the right price of the top brands in business like rock port, foreshign, echo, muffisto, new balance, SAS, all the other top names. Brandy's even specialize in wide wits if you got big ugly fat feet. Like a plighty pushed. Brandy's is worth a trip from just about any place in town. So don't forget that unbeatable combination that makes Brandy's head and shoulders above the rest. Comfort, style, fit, value and selection. It's always Brandy's shoes and Brandy's you'll find it that same great location. They've been going strong for about 400 years. 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppeto Beach. Brandy's is open daily to Lines Sunday, so five minutes with the continue with that new balance deal. It's a great time to buy new balance this week at Brandy's because all great men's and women's styles are 10 to 20 bucks extra off. So save a lot of cash by getting the rest in their best week or blue your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. A VIX, FACE MEAL RUNTERS! VIX, FIX, FIX, FIX, FIX, FIX, FIX. A fact in the church. And get through your phone apart on the pineapple road. You put your teeth in the heart of fire. I'm a game. Where I'm down, got to hear my way. I'm trying to talk for love and get away. I'm fighting and I'm getting away. I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making a game and I'm making something fun I did a really great game. probably 18 and five, since the W2M, but we got there at the University and Broward Boulevard, she'll $100. Why? Are you sure the transmitters been on this week? That's 12,000, 105. But that's really a way. Boy, you folks, I'm telling you, we're not coming through for us at all. We have a big, you know, I'm in a course you'd expect it on the anniversary day, right? And a little stuff over for a couple more days. And after that, that's it. Full deplug. I think my idea was rampant about yesterday. I think it might be a good idea. Just kind of like wander off. Never seen again. Why, what are you talking about? I got a couple of bucks, right? I don't need this crap. My god, 30 years. I mean, the town that just refuses to cut a loose man, cut the crap. A hundred bucks. We've been promoting this thing since 10 o'clock this morning. It was up there 15 minutes early. And that if we can't raise money if that in this section, then just forget about the whole deal. Which I've tried to set it in the first place. I beg you, I don't want to get involved in a llama. I don't want to. Look at me. I don't want to. Well, who am I supposed to look at? Who made this decision? Management. Management. What management? What management? Nebulus, Nebulus management. You mean that lady, mis management? I'll, I'll, I'll, yeah, exactly, mis management. I'll tell you this. Someone who didn't have to do any work. Yeah, somebody, yeah, good point. Excellent point, right. Well said. Somebody didn't have to get involved in all the machinations of going to. They would have some work on it. Together talk about a new guy. I said, put all together. And then we sit out there. All the stuff and Eric, right? Web site. All these things. You know, that gets crazy. You know, it's like walk away, you know? Right, everybody else could hit with a fallout. We might as well be farting into a tunnel man into a windstorm. Good. God, a hundred bucks and like almost a half an hour. And that way, we might do as well as we've done flagged street yesterday. A lot of apologize to what our good friends are going there on Southwest East Street. That's right. They dropped their dominoes just to come over there and buy some eggs and all get it over there. You did just as well as all these other, going right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. All three of their teeth to go over there and spend some money and you're just ripping them. They probably hot couple of them. Sheans. Speaking of Iraq, Iran faces consequence. And nuclear disputes as your vice president. He's going to go hunting there if they don't cut it out. Iran will not be allowed to have nuclear weapons and faces meaningful consequences if it persist in the five international community. They've changed the day. They will face meaningful consequences on a bomb a baby. Are you threatening me? Yes. Cheney speaking to the pro is we are lobbying group A pack. Also we have a few US was keeping all options on the table including military forced. And it's a combination of a band here and from developing nuclear arms. Israel has nuclear weapons. That's good. You guys in Iran want nuclear weapons. That's bad. The Indians nuclear weapons were given to whatever they want and six days for the man goes. Package that loss of that's bad. But we sure is how want the I shot Musharov to go up there and he'll find Osama and Willah Bula Omar and also by Hurri and Al-Lazar Khawai and Al-Ashwarth and Al-Golstein and all these people. But nevertheless, somebody Q and WQAM hello. QAM. QAM. Happy Yan and persevere. Happy Yan and persevere. Happy Yan and persevere. WQAM hello. Yeah, I got one for your poll. Okay. Nation Aemik from Dream Lover. I thought it was bad, but I'll take it. Luncheon. Luncheon. Luncheon. Luncheon. What? And God's name. What language do you people speak in? Are you talking in code again? I have no idea what country she's from, but I know he's talking about. Oh, I see. Look at that phone. I'm sitting down on the floor. I give up. I throw in the towel right now. I surrender. I'm waving a white flag. Well, the good news is. What's that? Who's here? What did I tell you? What did I tell you? Any minute that door was going to open and the food from John and Baker was coming in told you. So you can like lick your wounds and relax now. Sit back and just shovel that down. Just like them, Delaware. Remember he was during this spaghetti sauce there in Fanto? Yes, he was. I took that little piece of garlic bread and he did it later for a little Parmesan cheese on him and all of a sudden all those tears and he was crying. I don't know if the city was like smiling all for price. He was a happy Chevy guy. W.A.N. Hello. Hey, Neil. So read a will you for your bowl. All right. All right. Thank you. You can have her. W.A.N. Hello. So I can only have to crash. I'll take the frog over the snow. So many Q.A.N. Hello. So, Neil. This is a very full for you both. Even when you like. Really? McCallie talking. Bye. That's more than I would have given him. Yeah. I have a lot more. 5.6705.60. Pound 5. 6.0. Oh, my God. You, Pippel's man are something else. We've entered a new era now. Okay. See, have you noticed it? We've gone from wherever we were, which was like on the southern end of purgatory right into the jaws of a hell. What do we got by the way? I think we did another break. Did we? Why? Why? Why? Why? We didn't do it on the break. Oh. Well, we'll be doing one. We will. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. Now let's do one." We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. We'll be doing one. Start three. Three. Six. Ready. One. Two. Two. Three. Four. Two. Three. Four. One. Three. Two. She's low-vehness, Williams. She's no Serena Williams. She's no Venus with a... Nemis. Definitely QAM, hello. Oh, Leo, I have a name for Paul. Yes, very hatcher. Terry Hatcher. What is with these phones? I have no idea. They also sound like they're coming apart. You folks better pay your bills. It's all I can tell you. Better pay the phone bill. I think they're less sound like they're all in the verge of getting the old disconnect. Good God. That phone. WM-Hello. Go, Lisa. Go, Lisa. Go, Lisa. Go, Lisa. Go. WM-Hello. Uncle Mayo. Yes, sir. Happy 30. Uh-huh. I've been with you half the time. It was a radio accident. It was John Moynihan. I'll actually just go for a few more minutes. Oh, really? Well, he was a radio action. Exactly. A George, you'll appreciate this. This is Pete from Red State, right? Yeah. And we're going to be playing at the legends at the Hard Rock this Friday night. They're actually letting me on stage at the Hard Rock theater this Friday night. What's the difference? Yeah, exactly. And Metro, I'm going to say that. But how do you think the face of that? You people want you to screaming, anarchist, maniac, as a Hard Rock this Friday. Come on out, legends theater. Okay. Good luck to you, Palia. And the bills in the mail. I don't know what to hear. I'm not going to run. What about my friends, political here, right? Play this stuff on the air during the election time. When your buddies political rock and roll. And I got to finish this. And the money is John Stewart was out there. I said here, it's a rock and roll. They're a band. And I've got 26 past noon at five, 60 W to Q a M with lightning quick speeds. The latest features in security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves the SL in the dust. And right now, you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times. Faster than the SL15 and up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games, we're just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest disease. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instant ISIS to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Graph City Radio Plus, and up to 7 personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you get macrophies security tools included, so you can be assured that the spread of the screen is always safe and secure. So what should be waiting for, start doing more faster than every four, sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for only 9.95 a month or two months. You'll wonder how you've managed without it. And date call 305 Comcast or in Broward 9.54 Comcast. This is a meal lottery. This is 5.62. The guy your breath is beautiful. Go to the top, go to the top, go to the top, go to the top. Go to the top, go to the top. Go to the top, go to the top. Go to the top, go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. Go and go to the top. Go to the top. Go to the top. The world is not too weak when it is a threat that we can die. We are going to fight the world. We are going to fight the world. We are going to fight the world. Come for a day three. Here is the big number from the U.N. van. You haven't got a call yet. Two pieces of good news though while you are filling your fat faces. Speaking of McCalli Cookin, did we hear that name in a minute? A little seconds ago. Mirror moments. Chameless Cookin is sulking. A very strong McCalli Cookin says he is struggling to find work as a grown-up actor and he barely talks to pal Michael Jackson. I don't know what people want from me. Cookin 25. Boohoo's in Time magazine. The most out of work actor I know. Which we say. Excellent. The home alone starts biggest reason. We are always in a real life courtroom when he testified as a character. We are in a nice year for Jacko who is getting free on his child molestation charges. Because in an late they can't convict anybody. Cookin who still is his pal and slimmer he did in his heyday as me as he has talked to only while he was the Jackson since the pop star fled to the Middle East after his acquittal to Moshrain. He is a friend of the kind of friend you talked to twice a year Cookin said. But little work in Hollywood Cookin has written a semi-autobiographical novel Jr which is due to come out like this this month. Oh my god. Jr. Who am I Jr. honey? Wow. Cookin was dating in 170 Shilakras Milakkunas. Do you know who that is? Yes. What does she look like? The little brunette not the redhead. So she's like watch that show. You watched it long enough to notice that feathers of screaming faggot. Right and that. Well, Cookin who is on him is getting up there. There you go. There are two girls. She saw that part right. She's the brunette. And it's in charge. I didn't. Well that makes sense. Well but is she cute? Yes. And she's dating him? What do you know? Oh my god. McCallie Salkin. Admitted Sputtyman career in the stream of consciousness told him of my spark even more whispers about him. What does that mean? I've let a very isolated existence that was six. He said it's kind of been me and my mind. I hope people won't think I'm crazy because I'm not. Maybe it was all that did with embedded Michael. Maybe that's what like affected his mind. Or something that rhymes with mind like B. Well. Oh, I hear some more good news. So we don't have no reports from Miguel. We just got 250. Well, let's start and then move up a little bit. It's not spectacular but surely. Well, slowly but surely. So that's don't call me surely. 230, 1200, 230. We'll do a thousand a day. Okay. I think we can. You got a shot. I mean you've got to be there to a clock. Right. And then of course Josh has been in a real big number tonight at the Smokey Vones. I mean, Bernie Cosa stay cause. Aren't you going to do at least four or five hundred? Oh yeah. Well, why do you say it like that? The crowd shows up for those deals every week. You know, no, I don't know. If I would be the silent dining crowd. Of course we have a broadcast going on in there. Right. Sports crowd. I would imagine. What's the nice place? And I was the hurricane crowd. Was it certainly not my people. Oh God. Hate me like poison. You won't do 40 bucks. You want to go back to Smokey Joe Bones again. Why did you give me into this? That's all I would like. Why did I get you in the second and the first place? Has it? I drag my heels at heart until they don't like it. All right. Oh my God. And I told everyone who was approaching me with the desire to do something. You know, I said, Leave me out of it. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. I have to go down this path. Leave me out of it. I don't need to go through another fake. I have a vision. It's a lot of it. And it's not really interesting listening for people listening to hear me begging and pleading and squeezing and controlling and trying to get somebody to show up and give us some money. Which they just don't care. It's a cheap ass place. It always has been always will be. And you know, they got us all whipped up with the phony enthusiasm. And they're because of that 30th anniversary thing last week for the last of the couple of days. And now you see all the way around. It's like, you know, that's it. I don't look for us anymore because we shut our deal. And that's it. Forget about it. Anyway, here's the other good news while you're eating. And you just enjoy lunch. Still worry about it. We'll do the best we can. It's all we can do. It's exactly how to do the best we can. You know, I mean, what else is new? So the calls suck and all of us, and they've reduced to a very, the internet, the website on the other hand is going crazy. So it goes to show you. It's the end of the egg. Not everything is going to be sensational. Last few days, for whatever reason, the website just going nuts. Maybe they're all reading a loose change on their parts one and two. You think that could be and what you're all to. Because they're sure not on their given money to obtain the per rescue by the Syrians. That's for damn sure. That's for damn sure. Paris circling the wagons consultant says, send hopeful cancels weak in the parent. Oze planes, if playing, Catherine Harris, she's indeed due to, baby. It's up to where arm pits. I already tried to avoid the media long bokeh Republican Catherine Harris is now canceling campaigns stops in the Southwest Florida as questions swim. About her ties to Washington, DC Defense Contractor, the Center of an ongoing National Brewery scandal. Harris was running for the US Senate abruptly canceled the stop in Charlotte County on Saturday and for other events, planned for Lee and Carter Countries were moved from her campaign website. It's another standard Harris's drug and campaign is now in full crisis mode. Political consultants say that, char, and see, actually that's bad news. Because I'd love her to be the Republican candidate, but unfortunately, don't look that way. She could make the beat her without even showing up. Yeah. Political consultants say that char, away from the public right now is a bad strategy. She can't hide and expect this to go away, said David Johnson, a Republican political consultant, or psych or campaign is circling the wagons. Branded based political consultant, Mark Procter, that's branded where Josh used to live. Mark Procter, who's a proctorologist, said he advises fans to hold court early with the media to avoid a straight drag none for weakness and as with Harris, the longer the story goes on, the more likely it is for voters to remember the issue come election day he said. The company's owner admitted in the federal court, MZM, that he gave thirty two thousand dollars in legal campaign donations to Harris, what we had that story of today. But there's the good news, okay, can't throw Harris' phone on hard. And wait till she gets on that plane again. Look out. Just like Joyce, you know, next time you start your car, Joyce, I'd be real careful. 560, 0560, palm 560, the riseman's singular wireless line. 250, my ass, 12,234, see with me, it's not one of those things where I can just like, ignore it, you know. I don't want you to get me involved in it. I try to get involved. Try to get, really do a job, you know. We're doing a job all right. WQA and hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I just thought out of a meeting, so if you already heard about this, I apologize. But I have a little fire report. You're a nominal, I'm there. I get the very nominal competition. It rose and birds. I don't know if you heard he called into the Roddenk Fend Show yesterday on XM. Yeah. And it was pretty funny. He was a dinging rod, ding ding for a five thousand dollar loan. Dang he had to work for a 75 and a grilled cheese sandwich down here in Miami. And basically we're voting his back that he was stuck down here, that he was begging for a gig on XM. I have a copy of it as an MP3 file if you guys want it. I don't want to get depressed. Okay, I'm just pretty funny. And Benny's been in Furned later that he wasn't going to make the loan because it would wind up, wind up, did it go? Let me just put it that way. So a bearish and he's true. Okay, guys, I'm going to know his family. All poor, sir. He won't be around too long. Sid the kid. You know, he, I am sure he realizes what the sign of the street he's on is not this side. That really put them over the top, didn't it? Oh yeah. 560, 50560, pound five60, and he's right. You know what I'm going to do from now on? I don't have a point to this. And it was my bad. This list was from what the hell was it again? Askman.com. All I had to do and I didn't see that. I missed that because they only listed this story. They only listed the top 10. So I used those top 10. I had a few of my own and you added a couple. Right. And that's what we started with. And then we're letting these people call in with it again. Building the pole with stupid ass names. All I had to do was click the askman. I'm going to have the top 100. And I could have an error can paste and cut and slap and squeeze and could have done that. And then we went out of waste time with this. You have to do what the color is called up about. Oh, there wouldn't be any. 18 to 1 at 560, but you see, you're starting to get the drift to where I'm going. I know. It's just, it's just the whole thing, you know. Just amazing. It's how for it. I keep forgetting. You know, how to outside out of mind out of touch. Like Tom Jick would say. Out of touch. And my response time is, touch this. Hey, y'all know the name by now, Drag Concepts. I've used them for over 21 years in my homes. The best cover cleaning company in the world. So before you go out and spend thousands of replace your carpeting, give Drag Concepts a call. You'll be amazed at the way they can bring those carpets back to life. Look and just like brand new. When they finish doing their fantastic job for you, they leave your carpet's vibrant and color. Soft of the touch and stain free. Drag Concepts is the only have it out. I would call you only when you ought to be working with too. I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't. Drag Concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning. A post-recleaning. Deep cleaning your expensive leather furniture and lots more. And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job. And without a doubt, one of the best things you can do for oriental or area rug is to use a quality underlainment. It's essential for a sense like something religious. It's essential for a standing life and video of your area rugged for rice, critical or cushioning, and for rents, skating and hard floors too. During the month of March, called Drag Concepts and get 15% in savings on all underlainment padding. Drag Concepts always professional always on time. Proper cleaning water damage restoration, pet odor treatment, smatter screening, and lots more. Call the best, trust the best Drag Concepts. Call them toll free and date, rower, and the fond beaches. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-507-1001 around the wicked web, dragconcepts.com. Drag Concepts is the real rubbish. This is 5-62-80-80-80. Drag Concepts is your product. You see Jay-Z perform on the Grammys or public carding. And now the whole becomes out of retirement. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To do it with all the legend. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Jay-Z. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You've never had both beautiful to West and D. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jay-Z. Do you want to talk about it? No. I'm 47 in a QA. My message. Here's the big number coming up right now. Oh, any minute, I'm sure. Well, you got to, you know, count for the delay. So at least, you know, I'll have 30 seconds. Well, I thought he would visit on here on doesn't say it on this one. He's going to be on the other one. He's going to be on the other one. He's going to be on the other one. He's going to be on the other one. Right. Right. So maybe he's getting swarmed with people. That's right. Maybe he's so busy selling places right now. Right. That he doesn't have a chance to call. Wait, did you hear this? You know, Americans ought to be riding. What are they worried about? They're worried about it. It's hard out there for a pimple. Back to, oh, no, listen up. I like it. Oh, yeah. Next time. That's how contract you're based in Dubai. It's look good of US security contracts from a roster in Oless. A British security firm headquartered in Dubai has a look at a contracts where US security in Iraq and the United States providing security in the wake of hurricane Katrina and training Iraqi port security officers under the Coalition for Visual Authority. Roscoe has founded the firm the Olive Group. Well, I wonder if they're kind of the Olive Garden. It's largely comprised of expeditions held in offices. A lot of British companies, it's main headquarters are in Dubai. The United Arab Emirates city that caused a stir when it was revealed that the Emirates were set to take over control 21 US ports. Olive was founded in 2001. The revelation that a Dubai based firm provides security consulting for Mary at US operations at home at a broad chose the increasing tendency of US Government to privatize security efforts. It comes on the same day that the Fudging Board discovered that a forward company had a secret in Indianapolis airport. Oh, yeah. Let's not have the ragheads. Handle security to airport. The Fudging Board. I think they're like that. Oh, he's going to get a flashing. I guarantee you that. I'll talk to you. I want to be the first one. $400. Well, that's a little, uh, we got a shot of a thousand. I don't know. I want to have a splotch. $12,405. I'd be happy with a thousand when you. Yeah. I'd be happy with a thousand. Maybe I'll make that thousand for you tomorrow. Would buy. All right. Put it in the long for open center. Why don't I know? I just don't put your losers in there. No, I'm going to put, uh, I'm just going to send you an empty envelope and you can reimburse me from my with. Yeah. I'll just consult again to rack you's underwritten my US tax payers under an umbrella contractor awarded to. Backtale. Oh, my God. It is one three major contracts from backtales since the invasion in 2003. A recent estimate suggests the US spends $2 billion a year on private security services in Iraq. All of a score at least 100 million when the study was published in 2004. All came under scrutiny in 2003 after it emerged that the co-owner is fathered Tony Alham visited Washington meet with backtale. He visits the non-boy of Iraq industry working group and armoured the British government. Alham and his son tonight in the contracts of order due to favoritism. Right. Right. Under another US backtale deal, all are provided security and Mississippi for travel trails and mobile homes in the wake of Katrina. Ross Dorey has found the firm also provided training for guards and guard your efforts. The Iraq port authority, the IPA, has approximately 130 Iraqis local and occupied security positions at the port, a 2004 press release from the coalition provision authority declared. And Kuzan Yadiya, one Azov. All of your money man has been siphoned at the same bunch of crooks, the same bunch of folks who are in bed with Bush and Cheney and all of these in Bush one. All of these gangs this. The international end and public is just sitting back. What about that? It's good. Because you know it's hard out there for a pimple. Great a lot of this week of play. I always ran after this weekend. It was on the first week. When they played that. Okay. Yeah. That's about as hard as the week. Right from the get go. 119 votes on the pool were kicking ass on the pool. We got 400 out there. That's not so bad. Why are you getting a wise just getting a salty press about that? I don't know. Because he just wants to do well all the time. Is that what it is? That's exactly what it is. That's what it is. Well, in that fact, the case in you better come up with least 400 bucks tonight or whether it the Bernie Cossacks is a smoky bone. Better than me. I got a check. I already did. I guess it's check on you. I got a yesterday. I didn't hear no thank you. Oh, I thank you. Jack. Yes. What? Yeah. You see this? This. You were in the moron. It's so kind of. It's okay. That's right. That's fine. Well, you're not going to want us to be choking. He should be gagging. My God. The way I take care of people, what do I get in response to like that? You know, and he's been tummy-tavine boring was great. Just to rub salt in the wound. Well, you better not bend your bridges with those guys. You know, they might want you back. That's right. Doubted. Especially after all the great food you got them. Who is the woman you most desire? You want her? 1109. Jessica Boy, that's Oprah off list. Jessica Allow, I think we said women. Jessica Allow, one sixty. Halley, Barry 143. Angeline, Julie 131. Charlize Tarol 104. How about Ryan's Philippe? I'm lady. I want him. Scrave on all the what's that? She went to the supernatural. Right. Sam and Dean. Hmm. Just say Sam and Dean for this whole queen. Scrave on to your hands in 97. None. I'm a straight female 57.1%. See that? You guys still realize what we're like. Kick and serious big fat smelly Harry S. God. 5%. What's the last time we had 5% of the Saudi's women? If they would just put it down on the Dan Dari, we'd kick some big ass. You know, you never sent me the person's 25.54 from the last trend. That's what we really caused. Because you can see what the male number is. What? They're getting to me. Why do you better start fishing out there. Clarence. I thought we hadn't understand. I'll run it down. Person's 25.54. Just stay in our day part. I'm going to clap about the other day. I'm care about us. We don't care about them. Just take the money to bank and a mad dog. That's it. And the Curtis. Straight female 57. Adley Portman 51. Even on Gloria 44. None. I'm gay 43. I don't know what one. No woman. I hate this pool. 43. Spritney Spear 39. Look at that. She is fallen bad. Bad, bad, bad. Especially since people found out she was. She was doing at the grotesque redneck that thing. Oh my god. I don't think he's even gotten no thing. Jessica Vio 37. Adley and Alima 27. Jennifer Conley 21. If he asked me, she ought to do better than that. Pamela Anderson 15. Jenna Jamison 14. Well, at least he's at her. Some a high act 13. Maria Minunoz has got a dozen. Sandra Bullock 9. She's me. Sandra Bullock. I don't think she's sexy. She's cute. But she's sweet heart. Yeah. But cute. She's a lady. Stand up when she enters the room. Kind of a lady. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not moving. Not the kind of lady you've spicked. You're just going to hop on her bone. Right. Polar hair and spaken. Right. Jessica Simpson 8. Although, this is why she felt on the stairs. God was punished. Because she just, you know. She's been in the hospital tonight. Paris, helped me. She's got 8. 8 guys in the audience. Why? Paris, something. Guess what you can have her. Yeah. Well, we'll put her in a crypt and send it right to your house right now. For you to have your way with. She and the Miller 7. Shakira 6. God, I love Shakira. She's great. Juzel Bunchen is got four. Is that Bunchen or Munchen? Jennifer Tillings. Jennifer, don't say it. Terry Hatcher 2. Vita Gara has got two. Gara. Gara, you, you, Gabriella Union has got to. Tara Banks, too. Michelle Fiverr's got a pair that, uh, straight lady who pretended to be straight, called before that night. Amore, too. Janet Jackson, one, so we know where James won. Julia and Barbara has got one. That's, said. Now, only, Watson's got one. Pam Greer, one, evil, a rule one. Molly Ringwald and Michelle Rodriguez, and rightfully so both of them got the big. Wow. Do I have time to read the set of 12 from the New York Times, Mr. Bush's Asian growth for how long? Yeah, do. All right, short. And it's real from today's New York Times. There's a lot of good a president can do one of his into another country, negotiate treaties and enhance American security. Sure, I appreciate he alliance. Janet Ray could will and important parts of the world. Unfortunately, President Bush didn't do any of those good things and he's just completed a visit to Pakistan and India and may have done some real harm. The spectacularly misconceived tip may have inflicted serious damage to American goals in two vital areas. Namely, mobilizing international diplomacy against the spread of nuclear weapons and encouraging Pakistan to take more effective action against the Taliban and I'll try to fight his operating from its territory. The nuclear deal at Mr. Bush concluded within the Ascredence to blast a bomb-sized loophole to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty. It would have been bad enough on its own and disaster-yield time because it undercuts some of the most powerful arguments Washington can make to try to galvanize international opposition to Iran's nuclear adventurism. But the most immediate damage was done on Mr. Bush's next Pakistan. Washington is trying to persuade General Pervert Mushir, if the Pakistani military dictator, to define nationalist and Islamic objections and move more aggressively against Pakistani-based terrorist. This is no small issue because both Osama, Yamama and the Taliban leader, Mullah Bullah Omar, are not believed to operate from Pakistanis soil. But, sticking with Mushir for the unwelcome task of explaining the Pakistanis while his friend and ally Mr. Bush had waited favorable nuclear terms to Pakistan's archrival India, while withholding them from Pakistan left him less likely to do Washington any special and politically unpopular favors on the terrorism front. It's just baffling while Mr. Bush traveled halfway around the world to stand right next to one of his most important allies against terrorist and embarrass him. Indian Pakistan are military rivals that are fought each other repeatedly. They hit each other like poison. They both developed nuclear weapons outside the non-proliferation treaty which both refused to sign. When India exploded its first acknowledged nuclear weapon eight years ago, Pakistan felt obliged to follow suit within weeks. So, at Mr. Bush agreed to carve out an exception to global non-proliferation rules for India. It should have been obvious that Pakistani, if Indian would demand the same privilege treatment, and then Mr. Mushir would be embarrassed by Mr. Bush's explicit refusal to provide it. Most of Bush was right to say, no to Pakistan, or beyond thinkably bad idea to grant loophole to a country who's top nuclear scientist help transfer nuclear technology leading rogue states, granting India loophole that damages a vital treaty and lets New Delhi and celebrate production of nuclear bombs makes no sense either. Mr. Bush should adjust state home, but you know something, then we never would have those mangoes. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. And this is the end. This is not a Tuma. It's the one to two hour. What? Did it clear the same thing? The truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the unit is that assassHS just smear it. Now what he said he just smear it. That's why he kept cream in the ball. I'm sure he was. He was smearin' that creamy to want to say where. Back home. Yeah. steroids. Oh, there's your girlfriend. Cross-room based cure of Phillips Rots. I don't know. I'd like to get our old baseball bat with a rusty man. Called for the restarting of cycles when he felt his energy and power start to drop. If Anderson, his trainer told bonds, he was not due for another cycle. The authors write bones or bonds rather than. He's not going to go on SACES medicine. But it sounds like gray bones. So what we're reading and seeing this was a hard core addiction. That's true. I mean, according to the reporting by the office. There's time for a duty. He's going to be able to do to your sports or a stroke. The answer is drugs. The authors name at least 10 different substances that bonds us use. And as you mentioned, in varying degrees and varying form. Some he injected himself according to the author's. Some injected flight his trainer according to the author's and oh my gosh, some and pill form which would form and lotion form cream form. Aha. Did you hear that? Or the in lotion form. That's where he been waiting to hear. That's the important part. Very. It puts the lotion in the basket. Right. Then the important thing. We got five bills. Oh, here you go. See? So in other words, we're halfway home. We need another 500 by another clock. We got another hour to go. And of course, now we got some momentum. We got 12,000 505. I want to at least get to 13,000 by two o'clock because then unreasonable expectation. Yeah. It is. I thought you said a thousand earlier. Now I'm not talking about phenomenal. Total. Total. All right. For the total. And it's hard to talk over here. That's another 495 bucks. We need that. Let's see. Here's the facts from Russ who was so chronic. Let's see. Where are all the gorgeous Russian athletes? He cut a point surprised the anocornal hoarders. Not let's get around. Or right away. Look, they're not on her. Because nobody's calling in and saying a net. Right Russ. That's what you're there for. And we haven't had enough calls here to fill a T-cup with. Okay. God. Also Maria Sharapova come on. I saw her day of the day for about four seconds. She's me as. He says he's no add-up, but I'll take her. Maria Sharapova. And that's the one he wants to most. Russ. Okay. Here we have her put around here. Maria Ianacornal hoarder. Maria Sharapova. Now, now, I'm thinking of Lesbians. I mean, Frederick Merlin, Hood Colleges reviewing a Tom coming rolls after a Lesbian was crowned King. A college official said, Oh my God. This is kind of like a, that was, that was special. I thought we had like an echo. I could be going to a like, well, I'll have to wait me. See, jingle. Okay. That's a her daughter. That's a her boss grinder. So, and that's she's. That was fantastic. I mean, that was a simultaneous of whatever. Great. Thanks a moment. Well, this is a twist on the usual thing where the guys want to be the homecoming queen right and I've known plenty of those. But this is the other way around. Jennifer Jones is the 21 year old senior who beat out three men for the honor of uh, uh, crowner King, crowned King. Said the crowning was a positive step for the private liberal arts college, Hood College, and she didn't even live in the hood. It is cool that her to last people to beat themselves. Jones told a Frederick News post, Frederick Merlin, and people want me to be king that would eliminate it, mean voted for me. And then she'll tell you they got a clip on here on CNN. Why it's good to be the king. You know what I'm saying? Uh, not that king. Oh, Joseph, Newark Delaware received 64 or 169 votes cast for King last month. More than two weeks after Jones was crowned, criticism and praise were still ripping through the 2100 student campus in western Maryland. She's not a man said singled in Newman. A 22 year old senior was nominated for Queen. It's a gender issue and she's a woman. Sorry. Yes. San Jo for Lanzano. I wonder if he's Kim de Pat for Lanzano from Bob Paparo from Batavia Downs. San Jo for Lanzano 21 to compete for the king said Jones selection made the event seem like a joke. If the scoreage is guys from mine to take part in the future, he said. Donald Miller, Hood student activities director said, all of whom coming eventually, we've even possibly changed. We're looking at what students want Hood's home coming to be, he said. There's only the second annual home coming for the school. Men started attending Hood and 71 but the school didn't become fully co-ed until 2003. But men were first permitted to live on campus for the first time. Jones tried to run for homecoming Prince last year, but a student committee wouldn't let her on a ballot. Even though she had gathered the required number of signatures on nominee petitions. Miller said it all changed this year, but the participants have required the candidates be nominated by student ballots. While guaranteeing that Jennifer is more manly than most of those wimpy guys on ed campus, when you think I'm sure. A man's not a member of the Federal Special Persuasion. A masculine child. Anyway, we got so we have 500, huh? Yes, pretty disappointing when you come right down. But I'm just naive. I'm just stupid. That's my problem. Just like Moe used to say, stupid. You, me, Jack Ross, stupid. A lot of this. Dominic, you, way, I'm, hello. I'm your senior. I'm good, Neil. Yes, sir. I did. I can get to my radio, sir. I can graduate from 30 years, I don't know how to do it. I'm in. Great. Great. I love you, man. I guess you probably, not as Dick was in town yesterday. Yes. And they shut down 95 and all the action should not be put on and off. And they have done that before you. You know, they do it all the time. They do when 10 years to come in, when Bush comes in, come out, did they do that all the same? I don't know. Why is he asking me something like that? When anybody important, like when Alfredi Newman, I mean, Bush Jr comes in. Anybody. When your fan asks, Governor comes in. I don't know if they do it for him, do they? I don't know what they do. I don't know what they do. I think they had a rule out the barrel. I think he ought to go for Niagara Falls in it. Rule out the barrel for fat ass jab, a real gangster in Crook of the Ever was one with a dysfunctional family. How about that story, by the way, about Neil Bush getting funding for that this school-scam program he's got going from the UAE, or the UAE, G. I'm so surprised. Yeah. What a revelation, huh? Even in the Bible, right, in the revelations like that, birds of a feather are quirks together, make no mistake about it. And of course, this is a $7 billion deal of messing with, so one day your president didn't know what he was about it. And then the next day he's threatening to veto if anybody tries to block it. How do you list it up all my way? Yeah. He sure is a quick learn, Rene. He's a quick study. My God. We're going to have lung cancer kills more than the breast cancer, and poor dinner reached in every even smoke. He was not a smoker. How about you said, second hand, smoke? And what I thought about it was, as you can see, no one had a agraphone. Oh yeah. Love that place, but man, I can't wait to leave. Stop, but they stopped a smoker in there. Oh, brother. All you phagic smokers on it, they're all, why do you have to keep blowing a smoker in everybody else's face? And I don't want to even, but they, when they're just holding it, when they're not popping on it, and they're cigarette too. Oh yeah. They always leave it at that angle. You don't say that. And they watch. They watch it. They're watching. Just to make sure that smoke is whafing up right in your face. Right in your eye. Yeah, your eyes are burning, man. It's burning. You're tearing up. Anyway, that's probably because you're losing your ass. Good woman, you've also sat here. We got a horse race going. I think it might even be a four way, which I'm sure you'd like to see that. It 1159, votes Jessica Alva, 165, Halley, Barry 140, and Angelina, Julie 134, Charlize, they're all one online. Who wouldn't want to see that? Scarlett Johansson, 97. He's starting to make her move. No, I'm a straight female 58%, five percent even. That is a blessing. A blessing. Natalie Portman 51, none, I'm gay 46.9. Evil, I'm Gloria 45. I hate this pull 44. Britney Spears 40. And now there's not interest you that the game meals will make you point nine percent of the audience. Well, like I said, when you take those polls before, they come up to about 10 percent or more. But I think that instead of choosing that option, they're actually voting for something. No, no, the question is what woman do you most desire? Game meals desire these women get out of here. We're not asking who's the most beautiful. Don't you understand that? Who is there? Who do you want to get it on with, baby? Who do you want to wake up in the morning next to? Sniffin, we desire. Yeah. Anyway, I hate this pull. It's got 44. Or maybe somebody, yeah, even on Gloria 45, I hate this pull 44. Britney Spears 40. 40 guys still, they would still overlook all the other crap. Jessica Biel 38, Adriana Lima, for a disc of her good shower. Oh, and I noticed that dial is now advertising the new men's body wash that's like real manly and yani yani yani yani. And they show a bar soap nest to a dial for men, but then it's the valve body wash for men. Or trying to get to the crowd of you pansies out there. We still are too insecure to know. Nobody uses soap, no more. Don't you get it? Nobody uses soap unless they want to drop it. Jessica Biel 38, and we had a lot of 27 Jennifer Carly, 24 Pamela Anderson, 15. Some a high act 14. Jennifer's name is only 14 of that shocking. Or maybe the reason they don't want her is because they feel she's well used well worn. Say the least. Yeah. Jessica Simpson 12, Maria Manuno 12, Sandra Bullock, for Sandra. She fell down in stairs. Oh, and by the way, if I can just say it, why is this that called before the flight was very clever? I never said that I like crashes much as Magnolia. Reminiscent, the story and the style of the way that movie was done. It was reminiscent of Magnolia. I never said it was as good as Magnolia. I liked it as much as Magnolia, which I don't. Magnolia is like a classic. It's a masterpiece. Crash is very good, but I don't put it in that category. You do obviously. Yeah, I don't think it's a masterpiece. Oh, and Magnolia. Well, I did. Huh? I'll just short. Sorry. I think it's all about two frauds. Sure. Okay. Yeah. We need more frauds. Paris, holding nine. She's having Sandra Bullock. I mean, that's pretty sad. Sandra oughta be peoed about that. See in a Miller 8, Shakira 7. I keep forgetting to play my Shakira stuff. Vita Gannon has got five Jennifer Tilly four, Tira Bangs four. Just Elvunchen, God four. Terry Hatcher three. Who else? Pam Greer three, give her a union two. Michelle five for two. Amore two. I thought that's something that you have that motor world. We said that. Yeah, Emily. Janet Jackson once we know where you am is one. Jillian Barbrae one. Naomi Watts one. Eva LaRue one. And none for Maria Sharifov who we just put around her. Anna Cornohoyia. Jen for Iniston. Molly Ringwald. And Michelle Rodriguez. Molly Ringwald had to be a joke. Isn't it? Yeah, I'm sure. She's actually a ringworm. No. Or it's a very least ring around a con just a gender. I see. Who am I thinking of? That's married to not Patrick Swaysey. Kurt Russell. What about him? Who's married to Kurt Russell? Goldie Hard. Goldie Han. That's one thing I know. I'm not saying that guys want Goldie Han. I'm glad. She's a little long in the tooth. Take her over her daughter though. Who's your daughter? Kate Hudson. Are you picking on for Kate Hudson? I am. Yes. No. For Adam. Come on. How about Kate Moss? Okay, even see her no more. Kate Hudson man. She's a member of the clan now Kate Hudson. She's a member of the group. She's in. She's been initiated. I don't think the way that some people are thinking. But she's been initiated. Well, that's too bad. 113 at 5. 60 WQA. You're fair. Each Ford is gone mad. It's madness in March and it's going on right now and all are in the month of March and beats for it. They just missed having a record month last month. So they kind of break that record this month. Right now, extended camp for 150s. There was lower 249 bucks a month. Would just 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro credit in 39 months. 995. In March, it beats Ford means you must be mad. You must be a crazy person. If you don't take advantage of rebates in discounts of up to $10,000 on all new and use vehicles. If you're not in the market for new carbon, know somebody who is sentiment to be for it. If they take delivery in March, beat Ford will send you 200 bucks in cash. That money comes from their advertising budget. So they're not going to jack up your friends price to get the 200 bucks back. Don't miss out on us once you event beats Ford mad this in March. Going on right as I speak. Extended camp for 150s is lower just 240 9 bucks a month. This counts in me rates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks in cash. Just for referring your friend set them on by. So hurry and beat Ford is too much. These are the golden glazed on 160 3rd Street West 60 highway. Here in teed, I'll bet your life on it. You'll love your beat Ford experience. Now the this is a new Rogers. This is 516. Oh. Where is Natalie? Kidnaff, Brown, murder. Tonight is the very first time you're hearing an in-depth account from the main suspect. You're on Vander's list. You were the last person to be with Natalie. And yes, doesn't put you in a good position. Maybe you know it's time to go to the police and tell them exactly what happened. Are you ready to tell the truth? Yeah. Something happened to her. Did you harm Natalie Holloway? Yes. What did you kill Natalie Holloway? Yes. I did it. Natalie. Natalie. It's gone. Why would you do that? The sexual predator and the f*** skull. When Brian talked continues. You remember the last time you saw her? Yeah, the last time I saw her, she was swimming with sharks. Yes. What I think? Like, yes, her clearance came running in here with these midday attend to three years. That was a great time. I accident. He brought her right over. Thanks, Clarence. And you see even though this is a precipitous drop, which we knew that QM got screwed all the way around. Just like all the other no-speakening ways to the stations. If reading out as bad as you think, no, explain how. Because that 27 you devil it and you subtract maybe two, three tens of a point. I've got like a five-sumper. Carry the one. Carry the one. And nobody by pie. It's not so bad. It could be worse. Not much, but it could be a little bit worse. Okay. Call of 40 and I hear something that everybody's going to sit up something that the whole audience can sink their teeth into. Call of 40 is Supreme Court rules on oral sex. Oh my God. Wait. Call of 40. Call of 40. Call of 40. Your jet system overturned state law requiring adults 21 years or older are convicted of having oral sex with 16 and 17 year olds to automatically register as a sex offender for life. They overturned that law. The California Supreme Court ruling, six to one, said the law first adopted in 1947, was unconstitutional. The majority said the law was too harsh around fear because adults 21 or older were convicted of having sex with minor's ages 16 and 17 are not automatically required to register as sex offenders. Just as this pointed out, the lawmakers declined to treat both categories of offenders equally three times in the last ten years. The court noted that because the law did not treat the two categories of sex offenders similarly, the law violated both state and federal equal protection rights. Mandatory lifetime registration of all persons who like to defend in here were convicted of voluntary oral compilation with a minor of the age of 16 or 17, but not of someone convicted of voluntary essential intercourse with a minor of the same age. Violates equal protection clause of the federal state constitutions just as Joyce can't agree with the majority. Joyce. That's the Joyce we need. Not the Joyce we got. I'd also have sex activity which children under 16 are required to register. The state maintains a valid database with personal information registered sex offenders that just as this is however left in tank of revision granting trial judges, the discretion to demand registration for both categories of ill sex offenders, those that have oral sex orender course with minor's ages 16 and 17. How you like that? I'm under federal argument, so I'm at. How we do not dare, by the way. Six hundred. Now we're plugging along, plugging along, 12,000, 605. We need number 395 and 40 minutes. It's unlikely I guess the way it's going. But if we do it about 100 bucks every 10 minutes. Oh, that's right. That would do it. Right. Maybe we'll get a big spurred all it was. I doubt it. I just don't think so. I don't have that feeling. Let's see. Monica Balucci. Bruce is. I would wake up. I would sell both nuts to wake up with her next to me on the. All right, here it goes. Monica Balucci. I got it. It's great. I got it. It's great. I was given the QM van right now from now till two o'clock, another 38 minutes at the corner of University driving, and probably really busy intersections in the. Broward County, one of the hubs of our audience in the South Florida. And so far we've got what 600. Yeah. Well, that's not like terrible. I mean, what you say, like you're going to commit suicide or something over. Not me. You think that's really bad? No, I think that's okay. We had a slow start. I have no idea why. That's why Miguel got their role. You're assuming they'd be lined up for miles for those. About 30. But it's a collector's item. Maybe we'll be somebody who has somebody to know. Sell him on eBay. That's right. Or not. And then, of course, the teacher is my god fantastic with those. I'll come in useful for. Car Shabby. Right. Thank you. Rectome. The 557. 05. 60. Everwise in singular. Wireless line. Terbin. No, be good. Be excellent. This is schmata for you. As a world as you know, you tell me the world is all about him here. It's the battle of the head year, man. Come in to QA and hello. Daniel, how are you doing today? Okay. Is one owner rider on the pole? Not yet. Okay. Well, if you could put her on, I would think, uh, one rider? But he said, yeah, definitely not one more question. Does anybody know what to do? Well, Russell Crowe was not nominated for that picture this year. I thought it was great. Cinderella, man, was Russell Crowe. Maybe they're tired of him already. I guess so, but it was a great movie. I saw twice. Really? That's an excellent movie. That's just a movie the year by far. Okay, thanks. Now, you think that, uh, Cinderella, man was Russell Crowe's the best movie of 2005. Did you see it? I did not. I did. And it's good. Not the best movie the year. I don't think it's better than crash. Oh, God. How could it be better than crash? Now, some of you comes out there. You're going to go out and you're going to get the crash. Are you just going to crash? And then you're going to say to us, oh, well, you guys were raving about it so much. And I thought it sucked. Well, I let this to, directly in for a dream. We had people say that. Look, if you don't think crash was a good movie, it would have won no for me. And you're in the very good point. To the same with the movie, anybody who thinks network wasn't good. Yeah, cut a puck. Yeah. I'm not a fan of the movie. I'm not a fan of the movie. I'm not a fan of the movie. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television, said, turn them off. Right in the middle of the shit. Ha ha ha. They showed that. I'm at a cell. They showed that during the interview. Yeah. They're the montage. Yeah. And every time I see it, it just is just a laughter fight. I don't know how many of that could fall asleep during that movie. Probably. I'm sure it's possible. Maybe he was toasted. Probably. I mean, what night was it? No. I definitely wasn't. You were not. So far as can be a should have been. Maybe maybe try next time. Arbiturated attention, fueling dire situation in Iraq, when an embassy international dire, D.I.R.E. dire. Tens of thousands of people have been held arbitrarily in Iraq since the start of the US invasion in March 2003, creating a situation that is right for abuse and the internationalists said. And I bet it smells pretty right for their too. Most of those held were either charged in our face trial had no basic rights to count their detention. The London-based human rights group said it launched a new report beyond Abu Ghara, raped the detention and torture in Iraq. Nearly three years after the US and Allied forces invaded Iraq in top of the government of Saddam Hussein, the human rights situation in the country-granes dire, it said. They're in dire straits. The deployment of US law forces in Iraq and the armed response that endangered that in gender has resulted in thousands of deaths of civilians and widespread abuses. A mythion going conflict. The report details what? And this decoled human rights violation for which the US-led multi-national forces directly be responsible, as well as those increasing recommended by Iraqi security forces. You know what I said security forces are out of control, you know what I said? Yes I did. For a while though. The record of those forces including US forces and their UK allies is an unpalatable one or like your delicious lunch from John DeBaker. It is unpalatable. Let me say it again. Unpalatable. It added since the invasion of Iraq and Marit, that's like guys that are fingerpainty. You want to know why? Because they got no palate. Oh that's bad. Would you rather have no palate or a cleft palate? Okay, they'll palate. It added since the invasion of Iraq and March 2003, tens of thousands of people been detained by, who was the other one of them? Okay, where it was Marlon Brando, it was her Lawrence Olivier. The other guy that was considered for rather godfather? Oh I know it would not have not heard us in forward. It's too long ago. Who know what? I don't know. Somebody very well known. Somebody famous. Somebody will call. And then Marlon put their fingers to take off. That was pretty fascinating. I had taped that earlier and there was nothing else on it. I saw the panthers lose and I saw a fully give a point of way to Montreal last night. You know I was suicidal about that. So I watched the Brando biography. I bet you, nobody in this audience realized I'm in a year's of I told you that he and his first, how do I say it is roommate when he went to acting school in the Yorker, and the young man was Walid Cox, Mr. Peepers. Well you told him that. And like they said in there isn't very unlikely duel, but they were pretty tight. Pretty tight those two. And when Walid died, Marlon Brando went to court to fight Walid Cox's mother to get Walid's ashes. And she finally gave up to fight because she assumed that based on his behavior, he needed them more than she did. He was like psychotic about it. They'd be one of the world's forehand. When he had croked, he had their ashes. It's still together. Yeah. Which is very much where we just talking about K. Edgar Hoover yesterday. And it's very interesting. Tulson, what does it mean? Clyde Bison. And when he died, they were now they weren't cremated. They were like buried side by each. Next week said, we were close. I thought they were buried above each other. Yeah, but the question is, who was on top of this? Edgar Hoover. Here we go. He'll Roger. That's him. This is 5.16. For the fact of station. This weekend on Access I was George Michael. You were busted over the weekend for drug possession, right? Yeah. What kind of shape were you in? Yeah. And what kind of drugs? The cops wanted to bring you down to the station. What did you say to them? So, in a sense, are guilty. And if you guys want to say anything else, you want to say? Uh, no thanks. I don't swing that way. Thanks for the interview. Gotta go. That's just weekend on Access Ily was. Thanks, Pat, by the way. Have another one. Bottom's up. 132 a QL we got post in. And by with 1218 votes. And out there with the fan, we got a big number. It's in coming. It's in coming. Now what we have on the last one. 600. 600. Well, we better be up to seven now. We're not going to make that 4,000 a day. The phone ring in here. So. Well, I mean, he's really busy. Maybe they're like backed up all the way up to Narendra. Let's pretend to know. Maybe they're backed up to goals. Yani faces domestic battery chart. I extrapolated between 10 and 2 and 2554, about a 63 in January. That's pretty good. Not so bad. It's at the right direction. Well, no, that's today. And again, keep in mind it's 10 to 2. Right. That's a great graph, Lace. Maybe like between a 6. It's probably around a 6 and probably more. Yeah, like 680. We got. Oh, 680 on the dial. So we got 680. So that's almost another 100. So we got a shot. Oh, we got 1.5 an hour to do 320. We got a C3 20. We're going to start to 13 grand. And it would be nice looking at the work team. Whenever you nice. Because we're that he. Huh? 12,000 680. You don't think we can do a deal. Either one of you. No. You don't? No. So. Shell gas station. Okay, here's the deal. Okay. My whole reputation in career after 30 years in a market is online. Because these two naysayers don't think that I can do. You didn't think I could do it the other day either. Whatever we were shooting for. Remember that? Right. Pass you like we're standing still. We got 12,680 leaves 320. That's like 16 deals. Even body halls impressed. What the was the guy named Jay? Whatever his name was. Jay something to release to bring. Bring all those prizes up on those little stains. Remember he's the Schloffman. Yeah. Jay. Got a glass. Stay steward. Okay. Got what a memory for crap. Good Canadian boy. Mighty Hall man. Good Jewish Canadian boy. Give him Zillens and I was the charity. About 400 years old now. You know who was gone after John Maschcroft the other day? They've had on a lot. I give up. Speaking of that movie. Touch of clients. Andy Griffith. Oh, okay. He's all over the place. And here we thought he was dead. At least I did. I was sure he was dead. The. The. Yani faces domestic battery charge after allegedly slapping his girlfriend. I like that. Easy listing. Music star. Yani spent a night in jail. I asked week after being who's slapping his girlfriend during a dispute as at his Manalapan home. Yani 51 legal name is John Yani Christopher. Oh, I love it. It's so soothing. Right. It's music to slap your bitch by. Yeah. There. Black Iran, Yani. Sculpt a woman after me told her to leave his beach run home and she was gathering her belongings on Thursday night. The woman still love Barthus 33 of Miami Beach had a mark on her face and accused him of grabbing arms and throwing her on a bed. The grease warned he bored us and composed her face and missed her. Me the domestic battery charge. His West Palm Beach face attorney will end up in Zalice denied. Barthus delegation. He called Yani an unviolent man. But never heard anybody. Is the most gentle, gentle man around. He said his hands are his instruments. Right. Right. He was with the, that's what the Boston Strang was said to. They were heading home to his house from dinner at his house. She was getting her things when he is just watching clean. He grabbed her clothing off the hangers and the closet through the monogram. Yani then gripped and shook her by the forearm. She threw on her bed and jumped on top of her. During the confrontation, he slapped her in the face. Police confirmed that Barthus had a swollen bloody lip. She would be crying medical treatment can be reached by a foreign yesterday. Yani explained to police that she kicked him. Even though I'd sound like a hissypid to me. Yeah. Farons can relate to it. It's not like a hissypid. Yani is self-taught, pianist. Thank you, Pern. He taught himself. Speaking of body parts. Arcania California. This is, this is, even for me, this is kind of sick. But it's a true story. A 16 year old prosthetic legs. A 16 year old girl's prosthetic legs, which were stolen twice in snow vember, have been quietly returned, police said. Puff. Would you make noise if you were? No. I'd be the perpetrator. Melissa Huff's mother found the legs in her unlocked car, which she had parked at Arcania High School. I once they afternoon. Nobody was seen in or around the car. Arcania police lieutenant can't harp her. There were no witnesses. We lifted some fingerprints. We'll see if there's any match. Huff's right leg was empty. Below the knee, after she was struck by a car two years ago. The first half happened in November first. When somebody cut a hole in a window, a screen, the house home in Stole. 12,000 dollar cosmetic leg. God, that's a lot to pay for a leg. Isn't it? Sure. Although for a doctorate, a number of delays, only a money for a new 16,000 dollar sports leg, which he uses to play softball on their Arcania High team. A sports leg, it has medic leg. You see them. And I have a feeling that we're on our last legs. The Stole leg was tossed in the family's backyard in January. But on Palantines, they said, somebody stole burklags. After Pragopanasqueen window, she was unable to wear either prosthetic at the time because of the surgery. The legs were returned Wednesday, but had graffiti on them. She was scheduled to pick up another new leg this Friday when the community rallied to buy for her. She said, she and her family believed the thief knows her. Doesn't bother me. She said, I'm not scared of them. Arcania is about 24 miles east of LA. Arcania. I'll see Arcania's were, isn't sad. I need isn't Arcania believe is not. You wouldn't know that. Of course, no. Yeah, I think, let's see, Hollywood Park is in English. What I believe California and the center of these in Arcania. I think, what do I know? A long time since I was out there. How not going there in a moment? You know what I'm taking a go on again? Dig it up. To why? To why? To why? It's a long, long time. And of course, it's a long, schleppy. You know what? A really good trip like next summer. Not this year, but maybe next summer would be. Think about this. Bring it back to Maui. While we Toronto to Vegas for a day or two, and then over to Hawaii for about four days. And then back to Vegas for a day, two and then back here. Okay, so you were never going to Vegas again. Yeah, but don't understand. It's convenient. Right. I wouldn't go there again just by itself. In other words, just to make a special trip to Greta. Sure. But as a way of breaking up that very, because it's, I don't know. It's like about 10, 11 hours of flying to Honolulu. You're a bit of Hawaii? No. Drone? No. Why did you say it like that? Because it would cost money, and you don't either one of us has it. I mean, what kind of family did you have? They didn't take anywhere, like, especially, I mean, you know. I've been a lot of places, didn't you live in California once a time? I did. Well, I've lived all over the place in this country. Well, I don't know. Well, gee, I've tricked me, but uh-huh. Mr. Expert. There you go, whatever. In this country, you see, that's what you're looking at it, like it's some kind of a firm country. This because they got almost fat sumo does, or restless there. I'm telling you, it's it all, man. The Pacific Ocean is so beautiful. The Atlantic is schmutzman. It's just like, oh, dirty and, uh, and cold. The Pacific is warm and clean and pristine. Any why on the way? Why? Because Hawaii is like, there's not much else out there. You know, the Pacific is a huge ocean in there. And I'm, I'm a giant. As opposed to the Atlantic, at least our part, but you've got the floor done, a Caribbean, all those islands, all those turrets being drifted all over the Caribbean, all my life. I got like the caminile, my LA experience. I didn't see a bunch of a clean ocean. But that was a long time ago. I was talking to Hawaii. You've got 20 million people, uh, polluting that. Okay. I'm talking about the little, the ocean man and smelt it. You know, yeah, I felt it and smelt it and melted. And that, and that drow, though, I will say to drive up the West Coast highway. Do you guys either want to do that? No, like to, you never did that? No. Like first castle, you never saw that and drove up to Carmel and something. He's wouldn't Jessica Walder there in the river. Kind of. Josh over now. Oh boy. That's the only reason I'd go back to California to drive up that West Coast highway. And maybe go to Sacramento. I love Sacramento. Go to the race track there. Hmm. Watch for people in the old, is driving all around the track. How many of those were the most famous? How many of us we got? We got 1232. I'm going to the dentist tomorrow. By the way, George is going to be on. So if you hate your, if you hate me, be sure to the mouth for hours. But he ain't out of for hours. It's only until 1250 because we got the Marlon. That's right. It's short. That's short. But that's short. I won't be as painful as if you ain't. And if you, uh, whatever, we don't really care what you hate. We just do it the best we can. I'm going to be proud to tell you. Just to go Alba's got 171. The woman you most desire, Halle Berry 150 Angelina Jolie, 135, and Charlie. He's star-worn 1117. And you're a lady. Scarlett Johansson is a bubble under. She's got 99. She's a girl. A woman of crazy, kneel, Roger. That's the miss. A five 16. A. Roger. Hi. This is Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger with another California report. This week, I've been traveling all across California to let people know about Mr. Dietrich Growth Plan. Too many people. This is a huge problem all around our state. My plan will reduce quality of life for everyone in our state. Traffic is a huge part of Mr. Dietrich Growth Plan. That's why in the coming weeks and months, Pollution will be increasing. My plan will reduce roads, overpasses, bridges, and we can do it in a responsible way. Raising taxes. My plan, jokes the A of it Pollution and slows down the economy. And this is so important for California because it will help us reduce our population and nearly 20% of the next 10 years. Thank you very much for listening. Okay. Thank you. One forty five a few. And we've got both nanomiot, two mad dog is not here today. So we've got Curtis from four to seven and then he hurricane stop. And if I get to speak in a hurricane stop, Josh Cortis will be at the Smoky bones, Barry bones. Bernie Cosa are steakhouse. The United States of the West, 70th Street just to bless West US one. With the investment yield stuff. The about 30 million t-shirt. All the benefit of being in progress. If you don't raise at least 500 bucks there tonight, don't come back. All right. See you. And right now, we've got about seven sixty. Okay. So that's 12,765. Means we need 235 bucks more in 15 minutes. Can we do it? We're getting right on the edge of it now. It's a tall order. You think? Yeah. We only did 80 bucks since that last one. So we're kind of like tear one off. We need 235 bucks between now and to a clock to get to even 13,000. There'll be a nice day. There will be almost a grand for today. There'll be well, well, well, we'll be going out there for. Otherwise, major waste of time. And we're pissed off. You see how close we are to be unhappy about it? Right? Very close. So up to the audience up to you. Shell station, quote, a university in the, uh, Howard Boulevard instead of going in there and wasting the money on him fatning donuts. Right? Right. Or going right up to, uh, to car for L.O.B. There. In fact, you can go to car for L.O.B. I'll just eat half the amount ice cream we were going to buy. Okay. Quite so many inflient sausages. What else is in that? Nothing. Is it what? This isn't that neck of the woods. There ain't nothing no more. A lot of beers that Chinese restaurant. They're the coriander palace. You know, though I'm talking about? Nope. The one where everything in the place smells like armpits? Oh, no. Really, don't. Yeah, you do. We've talking about it. Anyway, uh, so we're at some to the audience. You got 14 minutes when you turn 35 bucks, which is what? Figured not 20 into 235. It's not hard man. Figured 240 is 12. 12. 12 deals. Or six. Six people with 40 bucks. That's more like it. Right? Or somebody really generates a one. That cares about the puppies. In fact, it's right next door to that fine plantation animal hospital. Right? When you think that a lot of people are picking up or dropping off their little dogs and cats, they would stop by over there at the shell gas station, gas up a little bit, and then see how they say how to make y'all. And throw them a few bucks. It would be the right thing to do. That would definitely be the right thing to do if you care about dogs or cats. I mean, even cats. Well, speaking of cats, Roy, so magazines, this match hit with the Chinese. What? The Chinese are the kids. The cats, man. They like to stick it up. Yeah, they're talking. They're trying up real good, little Chris Go. Hmm. Tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck. Why do you think they love those sign-mees cats so much? Chinese readers bought nearly every copy of the inaugural edition of Rolling Stone and Beijing yesterday. On the cover of the first edition in Chinese of the American Bible of pop culture is Queen John. The godfather of Chinese rock and roll. Featuring the 44-year-old rock star was a bold choice. Queen only lasted timber play this first public concert in China in 12 years. Nearly 10,000 fans in the work of the stadium in Beijing. The magazine features J. Chow, a pop star from Taiwan, a J. Anigogo Japanese hip-hop artist, and Muzemi, a Chinese blogger famous for her sex diary, to round out its Asian input. More than half of the content is translated from the US edition. I'm telling you one thing about those Chinese that come in maybe repressive, but they sure. I say, hello, I guess I didn't get a lot of more than two children there now. That's what I heard, but maybe they changed that. I don't think so. I don't know. Gordon, two kids, about a bang. They should off your thing. Right. And opening at a tour of Rolling Stone says, today we're sending out a call to our readers. Let us join together in the Easter kid legend that will be worthy of this age. Whatever the hell that means. A legend. Sales have been brist since it hit the streets on Saturday. One magazine, Stahl Holder, said, I've sold out. That's more than 20 copies today. Maybe it's because of the free gift. And I think it's because people are quite interested to read this new magazine. I'm going to keep this as a souvenir. One day, it could be a collector's item said, Wayne Tongn, as he bought the stars last copy. That's you think that the Orioles could do it. Work a little bit on the names and also the Muslims. You know, I'm sure it's normal to there. Everybody, yeah, but everybody is named either Ahmed or Mohammed or a combination of Al-Vis, Al-Rosen, Al-Golstein, Al-Shore, Al-Sal. You know, Al-Salaman. I think you can see these names. A little name help. Everyone is named. I think you can see these names. A little name help. And everyone is well. Maybe Book of Brown could create something fancy for him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Town 5, 60, and they've arisen in singular wireless lines. We take a couple of calls here. We're going to be shouting out. But that's because they were so good. And I want to get all I could stuff in there. Okay. WQAM, hello. Yeah. This sir. How are you doing? It's Wayne. The website you should probably check out is called inteach.org. Okay. I read about yesterday and Walsh, Journalists, an organization that's trying to create awareness. Oh, right. The impeachment of both President Bush and VP Cheney. And it's, you know, right now they're looking for funding. They also have sample letters that you can download. And, you know, basically just put your own name on them. Uh-huh. We're careful about that. Palli. Be careful about that. So what's up at the else's name on it? So if you get a chance, check it out. If you think it's worth plugging, then hopefully we'll hear more about it. Okay. I'll take a look at it. Thanks. Alrighty. I mean, I'm only half joking when I say that because I think people are going to be very and that's the whole idea to intimidate the public. Like all those little grandmas and grandpots, you know, they get together and they have their cookies. Like we saw in Fair and High 9 11, you know. And next thing, you know, the FBI is there. The CIA. They're all investigating and knocking on your door. They're conducting all kinds of, you know, they're just terrorizing these people. Because they will be audacity to publicly speak. I'd like to send these to you. And you know, how long did it take? How many minutes did it take? Not good man. And for they started to be smear and smear and smear, can't pay not hurt. Because she had the audacity to suggest that her son gave his life for nothing, based on a pack of lies. Shame on her. So there are a lot of people. And this is where the way fashion is in more, you know, you silence everybody. And it's like the thing where the report is now. They're fond that's served we had yesterday. And you think America cares? But we're not going to let it out. That's a problem. But we got to our folks there on CNN talking crap. It can't have a can. Oh brother. I'd like to see a big tumor griner forehead, right before two o'clock. 250 votes were doing great on that poll. Sensational. The woman you most desire. We're doing great on a website. We're doing great with everything else. But the thing with the CD. How much you think we're going to raise? You said three months we're going to do the so be March April May. Oh, forty five. I say I say just to be sure let's let's carry on until the summer schedule starts. Okay. Like a middle of June. From my June vacation. How's that 50 grad? Think we can do that? Yeah. That wouldn't be too bad. Wouldn't be bad at all. That would make it all worthwhile. I mean we're almost at 13 right now. Really we'd be aesthetic. We would be squeezing our knee cast. We'd be like dancing a jig and a kazaki and a kainohora and whatever else. If I tool clock we got that extra tune in 35 bucks. Do you think it's going to happen? No. No. Why not? Why are you so negative? Well, it's just must not. No wonder our clearance hates you. Not even. It was very we had a good chat. Good. I relieved. As the bishop said, we haven't understand it. Of course remember what happened to the bishop clearance. Don't forget that. Now that was a good scene. Remember that when he went to something down there. Spiral steer case. That was a long fall. Yeah. The flowing flood of the river is going down there. I mean all that was sort of lovely here. And such a nice outfit. Well, I think you got to say about those. Those pansies that we had. You know, bad at can be sure. I'm going to stamp you, grissers. Yeah, they are. I was going to say, Faggot. Very bon first. Kirby pocket died. I couldn't very bon Zed died. And Kirby pocket. I was going to die. Very bones. Very bones. That was cute. Very bones. Oh my God. And of course he's getting by on a bare bones budget. He only makes a lot of about 50 million years. I'm like that to be doing all emorrides. And if this book, and I just have a feeling they didn't publish a book like that without no one there crap having their ducks in a row. They don't really is trying to make a couple of buck creams and potions and locians and smearness and pop and piled. I think that had like an asterisk because the idea that put him in the same category would like real ball players like this guy and stop baby Ruth. What? It's tired this argument. Put him in the same category would like real ball players. And what? And then we like putting race horses that are that are using stimulants and drugs in the same category would like nigh atross and secretary of stuff like that. He's a real Roger. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. Tacing your on 2 and I don't have an national garden because they're all fighting a war in the record and national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. So national guard in the record? Not that the national guard has no national guard at no. Oh, what the heck? Oh, he's a couple of years. Number one rated the Mo-Ha-L-A-D-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-D-A. He's the one in the Miami, he's the one in the Miami, he's the one in the Miami. I'm not even a lot of kids with this. They wait for me, yeah. I don't even know how he had a children's room. They're all hello. I want your take on JP, girl. Oh, JP, baby. Is that great, boy? I can a good joke. I like JP, girl. Oh, well, not the mention, he's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah! He's going to be careful, what you say here. Oh, give the, thank you, mom. Oh, no, wait a minute. Go go. But I have nothing else to say. Oh, my goodness. I was the way the down there in the mirror, mom. I'm right down the street, some new one. Oh, yeah. I have to go. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no, no, no, I have to go. Look, I tell you what, doll, hold you over to break, house that. And I'll give you one of my old, uh, tentatia, house that. I'm not going to. No way, true. That's what the only color we have. You think I know this, why do you think that? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's where we go again and rollna. And we go jus' of ah, just say, and the roundardy's on me? But when the gear has already played, whoyyah, Waswag NowWalman Blak That levar to go fast with them? Come on, you know what? I know clothes when some did stay. Almost every day I pay. And my veins suddenly start to grow. My idol boy, the boy, the boy, the boy. Yeah, I called my top all of the back. And put on a cold, pretty old bag. The boy and the hips were born with golden bait. Yeah, a hundred times were blocked. All dressed, they say it's round and every day. It's fine, they say it's round and every day. We can play for them. We can fall down to the door and they throw them away with their knees. Okay, almost out of time. Now here's the big number. Here comes that magical moment. It's gonna be bad news. I'm afraid and the final is eight. Yes, 50. 8. 50. Uh, so close. 12,055. All we need was another 145 bucks. Seven more people. Seven more. Eight. And you want to know what there is only one. Let's find some good in that. You know what is? It's good for you. So for who? For Josh. Was that because that means now tonight at small old and bright. I'll be very done. Right. Bernie Coast R. Stayhouse. All he needs to do is get the other 145 bucks and we'll have our 13 grand. So come on out folks. I mean, if you can't get 145 bucks. Jesus. That wouldn't have been embarrassing. Yeah, it will be. What did you get the other day at Smokey Joe's? $1.50. I got 80. Like I said, you better start leaning on this right now. The address is 59.60. Southwest 73. Just two blocks west of US one. And Josh will like dance on the table naked if he threw a 20. Adam. Okay. Bernie Coast R. Stayhouse 145 bucks. Anybody could do that.