It's Friday, you first, you live. I am not. But that's the person abortion has been feeling a bit of a chill recently from conservatives in his own party. But today he's going to speak out in support of a hot button issue that was pleased his face. It's a van on gay marriage. It's a hell for me to suppose. Worsh is down in the polls as the public has regard as a phoenix. A rack is a mess and help tug against the law. The cynicism starts eroding the foundation of marriages. The girls are no place for a stop. They tell me gas prices are here today. They tell me my job has gone away. I think you don't tell me that I'm lost. This is nothing more than a discriminatory measure in a device of one. The politicians trying to hit a new law. To take people's attention away from the new issues. The president has wanted you. He knows the sitter finally unlikely to actually be successful in the sentence. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. His wife's husband's flush with sheep, her husband's physical strength is accumulate seed from his wife's living in the existem. His wife's wife's children as a child. His wife's family has baby friends. Are you sure? His family is up for drinking, don't you, Lord Jesus, Jesus? The animals are cursed when there's going for them. The own children's homes are walking in the mud in that rough water. The Haughty R street town worshipers. The grandfaces hope their life is being tossed out. widely in the desert. The old woman's clothes is Sha critique. disc. Pretty ballsy? Yeah, it's a so. It's Tommy with us today or what we got? Yep, I'm here. Tommy's there. He's not too excited today because I mean after yesterday we haven't we taught that. Hey, well we got Bagels this morning as well. I mean we're doing that. It's fine, but after Ruth Chris I mean he knows that all. Well, it's all downhill. Small potatoes so to speak. Now what does this mean possible of college world series? Where can games get in your 1015? Uh, that would be great. Is that just wishful thinking? We loved her. Okay, it's come on. Let's go. Let's get that college world series on there with Joseph Gacky. Come on, Joe. Anyway, got nothing but bad news this morning. Well, I mean it's not bad news that Ruth Charles been on here 50 years, but it's bad news that I tried calling in because Joe Johnson might hold a buddy. So, me nice facts yesterday. Still a bit of magic doing your voice overs or whatever he's doing. And he gives me a phone number for me to call in and say hi. Can gradually reach Charles. So, 825 this morning, after it all my bodily functions and everything. 825, I go in there and pick up my phone. I call the number game. He then I realize at the bottom he's also got Joe Johnson. My direct line is got the same phone number. So obviously he screwed up because there was nothing but his voice mail picked up and left him and I said, saying, you idiot, you jackass, you... You're fairery. You know, because I'm trying to talk to Ricky Tiki. So congratulations Ricky Tiki, 50 years man. He is legendary. So is his cap. And he's a survivor. He is a legend in South Florida. I wouldn't be surprised all these days that you folks run into me and Rick Shaw together with the early bird dinner. We're both reaching that point in life. We're not being great. We didn't get up that up ahead of time. All the old toes we get hanged there although we don't want hanged it the early bird because he might eat the whole thing out. That would not be a good idea. We get to any cater. I'm not how old any. Did they really go through this once before? Yes, we did. No, boy. And mad dog, which you guys thought he was like about what? Not so many men. Well, he's pushing 60 man. That ought to be our new Billboard campaign. In fact, we're starting to fit in with South Florida with the landscape old. We are ancient and we're proud of it. We're survivors. I'll tell you something he's not a survivor and that's my well he'll be a survivor in the long run. My girlfriend Dick Feinberg of Pomp and O'Park got some bad news this morning from Steve Wolf at Pomp and O'Park. That's because then replaced is the head onto a Pomp and O'Park. The rean of the guy named Doug Shipley who has got 26 years experience in the gaming industry for the Isle of Capri, where they receive no operation coming up. I guess next spring they said. So I was nothing but the best in the decline where boys get great guy. Not related to Joel Feinberg. I'm sure you won't make sure that a pass that along. But what a good guy's been very good to me for these last many, many years now. A super guy real mench. So that's the way to cook he's crumbled. That's in every business man. The better job you do, the bigger screwing you yet. And I wish nothing but the best for Dick and his family. Good guy. In that of a number of starts, this is my last day before vacation and then the summer schedule and we start with all kinds of crats. Hey, you got a bunch of downers here. Yeah, it's not only knows what it's going to be next. Good, going, Miss Molly. Well, let's see. We got some more bad news from Iraq. Let's get that out of the way right off the bat. That's part of our, that's part of the game game plan. Get that out of the way real quick. So you forget about it. Like for most people. Just forget about it. Everything's going really well. Not. I mean, after he was over there the other day, we had photo off and after they killed the Alzarkawi, you think that things are just smelling like roses now. A Shiite Mosque, North Western Baghdad that saw dozens of deaths in a series of suicide bombings two months ago was struck again today. Oh my god. A suicide bomb a wearing an explosives belt attacked the Bharata Mosque during Friday prayers, no less while all those guys were needing on the magic carpet killing 11 and wounding 25. The tech took place at 415 this morning, our time during a vehicle band designed the thorns that's violence during Friday prayers. So I guess the vehicle band didn't work the way the plan. Definitely not. Then sound like it. Well, I guess the best laid plans of my son man. What are we going to do about that Joe Johnson thing that really frost my hands. I mean, yeah, I was all whipped up and excited about yeah, I was going to say a whole lot. But we're called in my 30th anniversary show called in here. Of course, I guess he knew the bat line. Nobody gave him the wrong number. Or maybe he just called in the other. Yeah, because calls are regular line. I've seen correctly. Why don't know what to regular lines are magic. I mean, it's not a talk station. So I don't have no idea how I would have done that. Then make a bad mistake here by not no, it's not your fault. He put the time to write out a facts. Yeah, Joe Johnson took it. It's pretty lengthy facts to it goes on at great length. And he gives me a number to call it like a dead end. You know, it's very, you actually called again to maybe the producer would pick it up or something. It's still Johnson's direct line. I have a call that line back again later and leave him a constant message saying, are you really screwed up bad Joe? Call it right now. Huh, should I? Sure. No, we are not going to do that. Ricky Tickey's already off here. I don't want to talk to Joe Johnson. I want to talk to Ricky Tickey's show, man. 50 years on the air. Well, not in this market, but like in radio. There were 40 years in this market. But I just read, I was just reading an article he wrote many, many moons ago by 1956 and WQA. I mean, in fact, that they had a 54 share from seven to midnight, which is more than all the other stations combined. How do you like that? And here we are, 50 years later, we still got the same number at night, only with a decimal point in front of it. That amazing? Oh, it's amazing. What did it mention? If we had had a 56 year for Q 56, that would have been good. That would have been really snappy. Oh, there's a congressman, why do you know, Jefferson, at least temporarily congressman with a 90 grand in his freezer. They bumped him off that committee fast and you can say, boy, cold hard cash. Here's the effect from yesterday. Who do you think is the most? And we're going to make a thousand votes again today. That at least is a positive. You can pick, you can bet anybody's life on that. You can bet Joe Johnson's life on it. 850 or 62 already. Man, they're coming in and chunks today. I don't understand that. How about those heat babies? Oh, man, they didn't just win last night. They just cremated the marbles. Oh, imagine. How in 1944? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They're white hot, man, especially bad. So that icy sleeve. I think that's what put them over the top was the icy sleeve. I heard that Dwayne Wade was wearing the icy hot patch on his. That dough. That's what I heard. Got them all fired up. Here's that pull was off from yesterday. Who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician? And again, really assuming that some of these people are gay because I don't think that are any of these people out of the closet? What do you have Andy Sullivan? What a jackass he is. And the Mr. Antel, and Mary Cheney. So there's some of them. And colder 496. Boy, they hate that bitch or what? Yeah, it's a spiser. She got it like over 36 percent all the votes. What's the color? I color with that big Adam's apple and a deep voice. And I hate just just spewing a hate. Tom Cruise to 1702. Although I got an interesting story if I ever get around to do any stories today. By the way, I whole thing in Broward about the school test results. Borgas. Coming to find, I knew that sounded too good to be true. You know, I said, I didn't like it too carry the weight. Getting all over on that. Yeah. Hey, it helped me. Cruise. Tom Cruise bounced to the top of the star list. He's the world's number one star according to Forbes annual celebrity hundred powerless based on earnings and buzz. These earnings and buzz. I'd like to have these under his ass. Like in the electric chair. When he likes to see that, fire up old sparky up there and start again and fry his phony Faggotty ass. Tommy Cruise. Anyway, he got to 1702 votes. I hate this poll 163. Matt Fudge. He got 127 from the world famous Fudge report. Condor Leisure had 115. Mary Cheney, the best president's bull-dike daughter, had under 112. And after that boy, talking about small pick-ins, slim pick-ins. Charlie Cresste wants to be the first Republican gay governor of Florida 25 votes. Mark Fully, the current member of the House. Kirk Congressman Mark Fully upon Beach County 23 for her. Andrew Sullivan, in fact, Andrew was on at, uh, I saw about three seconds of it last night. Larry King had a panel about, Gaze and religion and this Gajki and that Gajki had about 85 different guests on the panel. He's got to say four words. And he had the ass flaming Andrew Sullivan on their 18 votes. Who was going out about Jesus and the Catholic Church and all my God. And then Alice Radtell is tied with Andrew Sullivan. Same person I believe, 18 for Alice. No, Malice, but what's going out with Alice? Out of almost 1400 votes. Alexander Cresste. And in Marlins, you know, something that he kicked the ass last night and in Marlins won their fifth in a row, three to two they'd be to brave they swept the series. If they both read Bless to and South Florida. Definitely. No, I tell the two teams lose a game that will be cursed. But I can never get that call out of my mind. It was a call to the mad dog from some jackass after F. I see when the Herc at the dolphins at both one big games in the same weekend on a Saturday and Sunday. It's sure enough Monday afternoon. Here's a call to the mad dog. Jim, aren't we blessed down here in South Florida? More on Jesus Christ. Managed to go to his house to beat the crap out of. Beat the living snout of this guy. And then of course it was only a couple of weeks later when both teams lost big games on the same weekend too. And the guy did not call back to say, boy, are we cursed down here or what? I like that. I mean, if that's the barometer of living in an area, how good your sports teams do? You know, that'd be like saying, hey, that's all moved to Raleigh. I mean, I'm sure that Jolly Raleigh Joe would recommend it highly. That's all moved to Raleigh because look at those Carolina Hurricanes that are a game away from the Stanley Cup. And they'd been in the finals two or the last three years it's played. Nothing could be finally to get out of Carolina. You talk about Fony boy. That's one reason I'm rooting against them. Even though I love my buddy Ray Whitman, he's having a good series, but it's just, it's just so obnoxious. You know, you look at any regular season game in that place and it's you could go bowling in the stands and nobody get in your way worse than here. Much, much, much, much, much much worse than there. I mean, it's just like nothing. Yeah, that's one of those deals where they now say attendance 87 hundred something like 3,000 people there. They're all stands are packed in their all hysterical and after they lost and overtime day of the night, people were sitting around little kids were crying because they're okay. It's lost the game. They were sitting there crying. What are we gonna do? Oh my god. I'll tell you one thing that they could probably do. You said that? Talk about it. But come on. Yeah, exactly. What kind of little pansy kids sit around a cry because they're team lost again. So the idea that because you know, our teams when they're losing, if that has something to do with the quality of life and to give them geographic area so non-sensical man, it just flies into face to common sense. It's just idiotic. I mean, thinking about great sports franchises like I'm trying to take a look at what one's that might have been like the Dallas Cowboys in Tom Landry. Remember all those years? Of course. No, you know, but you were right about them. Yes. What does that mean Dallas is a great place to live? I kind of doubt it. They're probably other examples. Buffalo savers had a big year this year. Anybody want to live in Buffalo? No, oh my god. That I'd rather be dead. You know, I think about places where you'd rather, no seriously. You'd rather be dead than living in blank. And that'd be good pull someday. That would be a great pull. Buffalo would definitely get my vote. Oh my goodness. I mean, maybe even for Donu would be too better, the Pew or Hamburg at least I got a race track, but Buffalo. 1013 at 560 WQM this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Again, guilty as they make a sukey golf in country club. Yolty. Speaking out to his mad dog, it can't be some day before the 7 or a solitary hours because it's Friday because the Marlon Game Notes start till 735. Marlon's I'd deck at 7 am, Marlon's hosting Toronto Blue Jays. Uh oh. And did not tell you the Blue Jays only a couple games out of first behind the Red Sox and Yankees. I told you that and I looked in the standing exist and I was right. And the Red Who follows the baseball game, huh? That's great. I'm sure they won't be, you know, in another month. What makes you say that? Because you know about the Toronto Blue Jays, Mr. Huh? Well, I know they're the Toronto Blue Jays. You wouldn't know what you're telling me from Johnny Holliday. Roy. So, who do you like better Johnny Holliday or Rick Shaw? Sort of as Tony radio name's man. Rick Shaw, Johnny Holliday, Johnny Dark. We got, we got that one jingle that we can't, we certainly can't play now, but I might. Johnny, I said, oh. Quick finger, how do you like that? I bet you got a little lump in your throat there for a second. I did. I got a little work. 10 14 at 5 60 WM if you're a cigar smoker, speaking of a big lump in your throat. And you like to kick back with a good premium stogi. Then they hear cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first-rate tobacco, process-naged up to 10 years. But he is a real boutiques cigar, make her specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold a flagship line, gets to 91 rating by cigar, fist and outer cigar and satir and 9.1 rating by Schmook magazine. This rich flavor, webbal and full body liquor bottle when cigars got earthy, hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spicy and pepper flavors. Also be sure to check out there be here the sale. It's the hottest release of ground last 10 months of the sale, gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, fist and outer cigar and cider. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper, it'll tear your kishki's out. The finish is long and full body with additional spice and odor chart, what one of these would in five minutes would be coughing and choking lifestyle major. If you want to say 40% off the price of all your be here cigars, call us tool for a number and tell them that old neorodure is totally to call and underline the old part. 1-800, we are old here at Q&A number proud of it. Ancient, we're on a virgin death, 1-800-35 behira. That's 1-800-35 V-A-H-I-A. This is a neorodure. I'm solid. This is 5-16-2-8. Now, finish shot! Good work my engine, that you're rating is in giant now. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass ain't I was to hear you and how. Brake them! We have done you get five somebody could have done so my cookie pants? It's amazing! It's a huge, a huge, a huge, a huge, a huge, a huge, a huge, a huge, a huge giant out here, that'll have a big coming back. I'm tired of considering a real great event, I'm tired of it. If you want to know what a senior from shut that transmitter to the island, why I'm 2-10. Stimに in the fire, go with seconds, one more minute below! I'm so proud of you. Oh, you made me the show. I don't know. I don't know. I'm so proud of you. I'm here all three times, but don't we get you the day? I'm happy. I said my rating has gone without any name. I'm happy. When radio has a remodeling, what's the day you've never won? And we get you. Yeah, all you need is now. I don't think you can. Oh, you need a spell. And you need a spell. All you need is a spell. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm gonna get you the fight away. You're the holding attribute. I'm glad you see me. Ah! What are you gonna go for, honey? I'm gonna go for it. I'm gonna go for it. I'm gonna go for it. Why do you pass Dan? So it's bigger than a pull. By the way, that's number one. I'm gonna be a bullet star, ready? I'm a QM, a hit a meter. Oh, is that right? Suncentals taking a pull. Many schools are about sunflower to receive. Noticeably higher grades from the state as a result of this year's FKAT testing. You think the FKAT is improved public education in South Florida schools. They got 4700 roughly votes so far. 21% say yes. 70 and a half percent say no. And 8 and a half percent say move a bullet like that. And of course, those 8 and a half percent are probably products of South Florida schools. But at any rate, just, we'll get to that in a minute. We'll get to a limited effect that Joe Johnson's an idiot. Now, if you have to feel bad about that, you know, not to make field. I feel bad about Dick Fyberg getting screwed over a pop in a park because he's a great guy. He's been a super god of me. And in Rick Shaw, you know. 50 years on the year. I'm not really sure maybe he was the fears in South Florida. I mean, how the hell could he be anyway, right? Man, you could ask them if you, if I were to come. I could have asked them that or we could look back at that original jick of piece that puff piece. The one on for about 85 pages. The Harold Shine Rich Shaw. Back at my 30th anniversary, the Harold Kim and back to give me nice art. I call in jick a shine me. This time was the other way around. So Rick, I guess that's the way it goes. One of the papers will give you like a little tip of the cap, so to speak. And the other one will shine you just ignore you like, oh, who's that? Go let out of the knee ever do you know, something like that. Because he writes in that column I read that article about about South Florida radio. In 1956 and QL and that would be 50 years ago. I don't know if he was there 50 years ago on this radio station. You think? During the last break, I'm going to Google that other article again. And that jick wrote and see what the deal was. Because if it's 50 years in this market, that that's just more than I could deal with. But that would make him just too old when it. But yeah, because he certainly didn't start in this market. He started like, I figured where to hell out articles that he started. Like it's some kind of a to fill in. Is a kid. So he's got to be older than I am. Boy, you're sure getting old. Rick, I'd clean that cap once before it takes an app with the amount. Clean it out. Get the thing dry cleaned. He actually wears that thing. Yeah, it's not just a prop. I think he sleeps with it. Have you ever seen him in person? No, I don't believe it. Yeah, I'm talking about. Don't you? Yeah. He wears that like it like to those dolphin games I was talking about today when I see him every Sunday. He wears those that can't be the words it. Well, I'm sure he keeps it clean. Cover up that ball spot. Well, I'll tell you one thing. It's better not musk right. Somebody I know you used to wear. Don't cover up a big ball spot. Don't wear a dead animal. That's bad. Thanks. WQAM. Hello. Deal. Deal. I came across something in sports. I almost fell out of my chair when I read it. But you're my guy. It was about the finals of the hurricane's new oilers. Yeah. Did you know that cam orders? It's about Christian. We love the oilers. Not just the oil. Well, why would a right such crowd here? But it was an article about the invisible. Even otherwise got that bad compulsion. I want to go if he's devout and how come the oil is won. Wouldn't God be on the hurt anymore. I want to come again. They want to come. I want to come. It's maybe when he kisses the Stanley Cup he can praise Jesus. Maybe he's going to point to the sky and say thank you guys for the cup. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm really pretty old. We love the oilers. Come on. Let's go. Let's take some ice. You see Markenon? You see his play pretty damn good for it to fill in. That's what situation you're. Okay. Let's not get hockey intensive now. I realize that the. I'll see. That game is not tonight. It's tomorrow. Oh yeah. Already you know about it. You don't know nothing about that. I'll have to go to the NHL channel. While they wouldn't play on a Friday, they play Saturday. I'm talking about the kind of crap. I mean, I did tell you I saw the overtime goal. Yeah. You know, well, here's. Oh, I said, taking the figure skating that the. The. A pants is used to. These two do those big figure rates. Airv he game round and around and around. They're selling the penalty. You know, he goes out of the fucking plate all night. Wait, that's the. And I'm going. Just go on over time. Cretz. He gets going. I hate him. And I need to let those piece of crap anywhere. We'll find out about that. I will also find out about Ricky Tickie Shaw. So we already got a lot of things to figure out here, including why. We got that on there we do. So if you can't weigh him, hello. Yes, sir. Um, that news. Uh, I can't handle it. No, this we are the third year. Bad news about a big fine. We've got a chance to meet him with the organization. So which I work and we're starting a bit of a partnership with them over part. Opponent of part. Right. He's a great guy. He's a real. He's a real great guy. He's been mentioned you on a couple of occasions. And you know, really was ever good laugh. But um, when is this take effect? Now really now. You mentioned a thing that next spring. No, no, I said they're going to have the. So I said, I was going to have the. So they brought it. I got you now. So Dick is a. I guess, you know, they were it wasn't a hostel from a stable film. It is morning. Right. Wasn't a hostel firing right. I think it's just they're going to give me nice. Everence and pan him on a back and say, give him those<|ms|> insurance. And you know, I'll end on a piece somewhere. Yeah. Hey, everybody discuss with you the man, Colter, George Carl and thing the other day on Leno. No, I got one call from somebody said they saw a man, Colter, but they didn't see Carl in a minute. It went on the same time. Were they? No, they well, Carl and just got off. You know, this is a little afternoon. Carl was real bad too. And then he sat down. Then was a monologian. I thought it was going to be some kind of a debate. But that never happened. She came down. Carl and sat there said I never thought I'd ever have to move over to the right. You know, it's a medium. Colter moving one seat over. And that was it. He kind of shut up the rest of the time. She went on with a little. Thank you. You know, really usual hate. Usually a hysterical hate in the boutos. When all those those when I was then. You know, it's to the stuff that she says is so nauseating. It makes you just want to tear her apart. You know, peace by peace. You know, the Indiana, a lot of her supporters are in the audience and share it and Who would and howling. She says, oh, it's a little bit. I write this entire book about liberals. I call them god lists. They don't have a problem with that. But they have this one thing about the chapter about the New Jersey girls. And, and Leno, I thought, Mike, you know, No, no, Leno's never going to say anybody's task. But he was kind of saying, you know, there's a way of saying things, viciously and way of saying things matter. Faculty and you made the thing that she's I've never done. Don't forget, Leno's the guy that introduced Arnold when he was running for Governor Calapornia. He was the one padding Arnold on the back. So look out for him. Yeah. Well, the show is much to do about nothing. Faded and missing. Exactly. Where is it usually is which is why wouldn't much it have paid me. Okay. Have a great day, pal. I know. But yeah. How do you like that? So that's a little bit of good news. Yeah, because that's why I wouldn't watch it. I'm going to stay up late to watch that crap. I got a back here from somebody that gave is giving me correct on our studio line. Well, it's a little bit late now, isn't it? Well, yeah, but I just figured it was on from the five to the middle ten on the top of the facts. It says Joe Johnson's Beetle Brunch. That's right, every Sunday. Yeah. Well, guess what, Joe? You screwed up. This is a meal or two-fell list is five sixty two-fell list. Why do you bastard? Oh, you can tell your fans. You don't like Adam Manz. If they have some requests, you just say, no. And then Joe, Tomachin, to tell them management, you want nobody missing when you show them. You're on contending too, and when you shift this through, tell George you can relax and so some week. And then go tell Joe Bell that he could go to hell, even almost makes him the square green. But don't play out for it. The sound of a fart. I don't think George was understand. Oh, because if you play out for it, the sound of a fart. You'll be in trouble with the busy trend. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't play out for it. Okay. We won't be the answer to that. Play 74 of our clock. So in his usual inimitable style, Jikkun's column that I reprinted out here about to Richard. Yeah. You know, I have to like math in here. As opposed to saying, hey, he came to Miami in 19, well, what, what, it didn't do that. It's 50 years today that he got his first job at East San Luis Illinois in radio. And then let's see, it seemed he lived the gypsy life as somebody in the business for the same Louis to Omaha, Denver all of a sudden, four years. So he had four years of that. That would be 1960, okay? Okay? So then he came to C.K. R, which was the former collegeers of I-O.D. And he came to, so that would be 46 years. Well, I've been in a business 46 years. He's been in South Florida 46. You've got me beat. Okay. You, uh, silly old man. So there he go, Rickie Tickies been in a market for by my math there. 46 years. It's a shame you got to extrapolate is opposed to it. Yep. We knew how to write a column. Saying in 19, that's 60. Yeah. Yeah. you got to do the math on it. Speaking of doing the math, we're going to have almost a thousand by 11 o'clock. We got 946. And I just want to out some of these phonys out there in the audience because Josh and I both had looked at this pool last night. Yeah. I looked at it before the basketball game. And the marlins were like, you know, after the dolphins and hurricanes and I don't care and hate sports, et cetera. The marlins were a little bit ahead. But the heat, all of a sudden, jumped ahead of the marlins by 16 votes. That all now by yeah, 83 to 77 to 17 votes on that pool. Which South Florida sports team are you most passionate about? And I use the term passion so loosely because in South Florida, looking for passion. Oh my god, like looking for a needle in a haystack. The only thing we have passionate about is the early bird dinner and hate. Those are the only two things, especially hating like, well, I hate just about anybody. The dolphins 279 votes. Was there any doubt about that? No. None of the evolved 251. None of them. 251. Hurricanes football 120. So if you take the dolphins and the teens football and put those together, you got 41.9% and other people are really care about sports. You got well over 50%. So everything else is like small potatoes. I hate sports 83. But I hate 77. You're white hot heat. Fawty kicked some big series Dallas last night boy by 24. Wasn't it like 98 to 74? Yeah. So I had checked my score. I don't pay any attention. In fact, I was checking a score during the game. I didn't turn it on. I just had the sports channel to bottom. I want to see it. It was idiots in the stands acting like real fans. Marlon 60 and the Marlon's have won five in a row. And they're hosting the Toronto Blue Jays tonight at 7.35. But I go over there and check out the Blue Jays. Panther is only 45. I voted for the Panthers. And of course, yeah, 45 way way back. Although I will say this, I hate this full 23. Hurricanes baseball 12. And Hurricanes basketball. So lament they Uno. Oh no. I have 951 votes. So Toronto Uno. And that bad. It's one bad. Well, they need that on campus or we know that was really going to do it. See, that's why this whole crap about building a Marlon's or stadium. This is ridiculous. Like building the Panthers a new building. Okay. That's your turn to round in the North. They never make them play off. So nobody cares. They've at least the Cames little facility. The convocation center is, you know, it only seats like 5,000. So the one that I've got to try these 40,000. Like the Chinese say they have an old saying that describes that building. Okay. That does say the locking cup. You know what that means? Okay. No. That means you need it like a hole in the head. The Hooter's restaurant chain is looking for FEMA's address. Company chairman Bob Brooks said yesterday that he wants to be a University agency for the $200 bottle of Dom Perignon Champagne. That was purchased with a government credit card issued to Hurricane Katrina victims. And that nice of them? Sure. The Champagne purchased in San Antonio with some of numerous examples of improper spending of hurricane. So what's this other fact you got now before I go on with this? I threw it away. Want me to get it? No. I mean, just give me a summary. It would be Joe Johnson facts. I don't know if it was him the the top of the facts that, you know, Beatle Brunch Joe Johnson's being also would have that as the head around their facts. Pretty much. But yeah, he was just saying, hey, this is the on air number. Well, so it's a little bit late now sweetheart. It's a little bit late now Joe. Yeah, I would have been a nice picture on my partner. I looked like some hard to hard ass like some old son of a bitch, you know. You may be prefer. I did make the afternoon. I love the message on his voice mail because that's all I got was Joe Johnson's voice mail. And you got the original on this. You see he's got the inside line and the voice mail is both the same number which I didn't notice the first time. Yeah. Yeah. So just pathetic. Just tragic. And now you're probably he's probably buzzing and Ricky's ear. But I knew a rarer could have called him. But what a bastard he is. Yeah. Anyway, the champagne person in San Antonio was among numerous examples of improper spending of hurricane relief money set at earlier this week by the GAO. The vote was spending could be his highest $1.4 billion. But who's counting? And announcement at Atlanta, Brooks said it bothers me as an American that resources that were intended to help victims of this tremendous tragedy were spent this way. Even if it's in my restaurants, it's still not right. If FEMA will let me know where to send the check. I'll get out 200 bucks right away. What a nice guy. Two of the dollars from Dom Perennial. It was $100 just to them. So I give you far to the right now. That's how much the $200 means to them. They Dom Perennial people. So no real expensive bubbly. What's the big deal with champagne anyway? What's the big. Don't ask me. I can't explain it. I just have been able to figure that out. I guess because it's expensive, is that what it is? Therefore, it automatically must be good. Champagne or wine. I don't really get myself. It's for a full meat plant. It's suitable in lectures. That's a very suit thing. Yeah. I agree. I've said it. You can't say people are going to wine tasting. Suitable when lectures and freelores like, oh, Henry Barrel. Hey, Henry Lewis some way, man. You're a good guy. But got last time he came in there. Oh, man. Do you ever meet his daughter? No. You water. Yeah. Boy, she is a knockout. She's beautiful. Muscle-packed a mother. Very talented young lady. And Henry, of course, you guys. He looked like, I think the weight that Ted Kennedy lost. Henry founded. As Teddy was under this morning with his dog on CNN. I'm not really sure what that was all about. But anyway, he lost a ton. There he is. How was that? No, man. Sure, he didn't. 977 votes on the pool. We're going to be approaching a thousand by the end of the first hour today. This is shocking, you know. Really amazing. How do I mean? Not as good as this line. I mean, any line here. How do you QAM? Hello. QAM? Any line? Yes sir. Speaking. Oh, I mean, I was looking for you to do a poll. Like that. But let me tell you something. I mean, the fact that they changed pro player stadium to dark I mean, you know, the marons of one, two championships, the dolphins haven't done squat. I mean, the other is what the other team had been chipses just a lifetime ago, and that's all, so how many years ago? Yeah, exactly. So I'm just thinking to myself, you know, what, I mean, in the force in the marons to move out, I mean, you know, I just wanted your opinion on that. I mean, what? On the fact that I mean, do you agree with that the fact that the dolphins are, I mean, you know, they take care of everything. That's Wayne Man, that's Wayne. Don't say the dolphins that's Wayne. I organized it. Anything Wayne touches is immediately cancerous. Folks, when you see them there. And the thing that Wayne did, I mean, he traded two, he got the old, the Lou, he's in right, only a whole lot of good prospects in one day. Yeah. And also, and what about, what about, what about the curvy team? Okay, after Wayne and Man, you're slow, so a little bit. What about their fire sales? Is that okay, too? Probably not. But also, the, the machine, I've got the always played. Are you very, what movie was that from? Is that from door day after now? No, there's some, uh, uh, vengery Glenn Ross. That's right, okay, thanks. Okay, Sally. All right, so. Don't be taking on poor Wayne, man. And don't forget. Focusing the clothes and all. Where did you learn to trade? You idiots. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just to help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us? To help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living. You're company man, you're fair. This is Neil Rogers. Yes, this is five, sixteen, two, eight, six. Fine, we're not as a whistle. Oh. Now you are older. You still have your hand. And your odd-stive lap. I heard you were splitting up with Heather your wife. It's another day in our life. Last year your rage was 63. Time to let one go. Let's have a party. Hope on the car. Now he's a little bit more. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. Now he's 64. Fine. We're all older, two. I like to say these words. Tabby, fussy, two. You Do in the Beatles once were big news John and George are gone George against a done that shot they didn't survive good old wringo He's still alive watching what was to hold his own wings In Japan on tour the white doesn't need you the wires will bleed And you're 60-fold oh my god Now if you see those photos yet of his ex-cripper alleged to whatever she was xy Yeah, you have seen them. Yes. Well good nine hundred ninety and votes on the pool While the time he's gonna write this down on his wrist Tell me reminds me a little bit of that guy from a mental Why is that I don't know just just that same kind of mentality and I don't know what it is Maybe too much drugs. I have no idea What kind of you see the movie of a mental? No, I can't say that you didn't see that no Oh, and not only will we get to the DVD but we'll also tell you about the Easter eggs that you have to like What no no no Keep going. I know what you're talking about seeing what you did in chronological order It's a movie that goes from if you watch it without the Easter eggs it goes from the end to the beginning It's backward. Oh, I remember you and George talking about this. Yeah, it's very good actually It keeps writing these notes on his wrist because he has short-term memory loss and he can't remember for woman to the next What they'll tie in the design, you know, I had to kind of like come across sales department nine hundred ninety eight votes So anyway, we're gonna have a thousand next time I click this up I don't understand a thousand what I want to know I tell you why better go to the track right now See I'm going to wood bind. I'm gonna find me a good my sheenman Thousand votes at 11 before 11. We're just break and record. I don't understand this. Do you we could break that? I put this on at earliest today put it on a round. You know, maybe five three six a client Which song for the sports team are you most passionate about? What is this probably because they're on that heat band by and we love you Whatever their name is do it deway M2 with his icy Steve Oh Yeah, they're white hot baby their dark hot dolphins 289 that guy that called before you know Wayne That's just Wayne you better get used to what he ain't going anywhere and keep in mind He doesn't give a crap about the fans. He's in it for the money That's one thing to believe that but actually to be arrogant enough to say that I mean here a QA everybody knows that so we can't hide it We don't care about the audience or about anything else or about the sponsors. We're just here for the money. That's right Nice go on by the way Chris Jones He's got that billing do stop and may in June singin a hell of a tune Rams with anyway dolphins 29 none of the them 270 people are care about something else But I know something I shouldn't I see Now for a second there I was like thinking my vote was wrong. It wasn't perkins flip 124 I hate sports 85 well the heat the red hot heat who won tied up that serious last night Would that smashing win 80 80 votes for the heat the Marlins on the other hand of only got 67 Yeah, why is that guy rip it on the way in for dismantling the team when they did exactly the same thing Next time they won the world serious again exactly the same only worse if he asked me They only left two recognizable names on the whole team after this last dismantling after the fire sale right right You'll get Miguel Cabrera and Don Trell did Donald Trump pitch last night? Yes, he did I don't think he had to win though, didn't he? Oh, no, I'm sorry. No, he pitched the night before Oh last night was Ricky no, I see they were ahead that they were had two nothing. They won three to two so and anyway See I have followed this crap not not too closely Marlon 67 a Panthers only 47 4.6% that is really weak Allen Cohen and your brother Marty too You'll be watching the the Toronto Blue J series closely. I'm sure when I come down this weekend. I will yeah From Berlin. I don't think so. I won't be here. Well, you'll have all the soccer. You know, you can handle I won't be watching either one of them. Although they do have a great internet cafe on the Kudam in Berlin You can go there and keep in touch. Although I won't be sending any stories in it. I'll get the wrong idea Don't tell George. Oh, he can go to internet cafe and send this to it. No, I'll be on vacation. That means no stories I hate this full 24 pants is only 47 once even on this show with a hockey maven. That's bad Perkins basketball they out baseball. She's made baseball 13 and her kids basketball out of a 1,000 13 votes Solomon take Uno still Oh no, that is that's unbelievable Nobody cares about Keynes basketball. Yeah, that is so sad and you want to know why one of the reasons why who's involved with that on this station Clarence that's it. I bet you the money guy at four or five votes before that Well, let's say found a Karen's head hissed in good deep in it. That was the end of that WDK and would be the first time either Q a M. Hello good morning sir. How you doing? Okay? I just wanted to I heard that caller about wine about the often stadium. I don't know if you realize you reached old name of the building was dolphin World Stadium and I don't understand I mean it's nice to be on the right side of an issue But for the wrong reason I mean what would be the original name of the stadium was often though is it's your Ravi stadium? No, the original intended it was often The original intended the original name of the stadium was your Ravi stadium right right before they opened it the family came through It was a big Husserai about the I watch them build that stadium from the six-door corridor racetrack I watched them brick by brick piece by I did I watch it from the overpass of a four-to-turned-foot there you go I also also watched and build a dog ran some mall from the backyard of my house and plantation acres and I still don't know what the other bigger traction is there Well, you know what there's out with malls all up and down these toes. I don't see what the The appeal is I mean the fact this fact that the saw grass is the second most visited tourist attraction in the state of Florida That is going to say an awful lot about the state of Florida Well, actually what's disturbing me is there's another place in Broward that claims that also and that's swap shop And that's that's real disturbing the main yeah, yeah, and person has become a disturbed too lately So it goes with the territory Yeah, well, you know, it's it's nice by some of you distracted from the knucklehead to Washington That's right. I got our own fish to fry you got it. I'm just wondering You know, I don't mind listening to an informed opinion once in a while Does anybody know what and cultures background is that she have a degree or you know, it's something I'm during the break I'm gonna google that for you. How's that? And then why are I a lawyer in from the other Oh the other self-hating bitch. Yeah, right? She's not the thing is though You don't hear anybody talking about her because she she she looks almost human little anorexic But almost human as opposed to man-coder who looks like she's out of this world and ought to be Did you I didn't I miss you yesterday I apologize or I miss you this summer when you're not on but there was something in the near daily news that Beacon and journalists to integrity said some old ran had to apologize to a couple of people because They were sending them of notcha email and some of the replying were just beautiful But the old rental actually before so apologize for them. Did you see that it's New York Daily News of columnist name is Lloyd Grove And I Asked I send him a check Come go white this you know what with one of Rupert Murdoch's line checks You know I'm okay listen I have a great life pal. Yeah, you too sir. See, bye So don't let me forget to go Google and colder or just maybe shooter The break would be good. That would solve a lot of problems to make a lot of people very very happy For probably stay here. Something for your father There's a bullet for in with her name on it. Mm-hmm We got over a thousand votes. It's 1056. I just I don't understand this. What's going on here? You almost think that we got an audience fan This he's on the old Rogers. All right. No. Oh, he's 560 This is the Neil Rogers show This is your brain Any question on the 911 widow's an in particular Rupert that had been outspoken and critical of the administration these broads of millionaires lie and eyes on TV I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much Yeah, and before that Because But if I'll get it in the way, I'll see you all in the anyway. One day we saw it today, and go to the streets, and go to the streets. Those two of us they dare to speak out. To speak out, using the fact that they're widows. How much sending in somebody were allowed to respond to? No, no, no. We always have to respond to someone who just had a family member. I'll like it if you can. Because then we leave it all the school. No, you're questioning their offense. They were using their brief in order to make a political point. These broads, you know, are a millionaires. Yeah, you think they might say, I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much. They're all over the news. All over the news. And she abused you. Hey, Anne, one thing we have to say to you. You've got you flat, you were. So I googled over the Wikipedia. And what are you? Hey, just, huh? What are you got? I was just going to sneeze. It's my ankle or allergy I can't begin. Four December 18, 1961, it makes her 40, five almost 44. Is a conservative American syndicated column as best selling author, lawyer, and TV funded, who frequently appears on the Fox News channel on the fascist news channel. She's not for a distinct speaking in writing style, which is often intentionally aggressive and controversial intended to provoke a hostile response in Gardner retention. For main target is American liberals. And, but to be pitaboope, but above, she accused liberals of acting in unpatriotic manner in both hating God in their own country. She was born in New York City, raised in New King in Connecticut, and, if family, she describes this upper middle class. Her two older brothers, who John and James, more than you ever let it know about this bitch. Her father, John V. Quotter, was a lawyer represented clients who were in opposition to labor unions before obtaining a government job as a constable. Her mother, Neat Nell Quotter, is a member of the New King and Republican town committee. As an undergraduate in Cornell University's College of Arts and Sciences, all boys, she came from Cornell, sort of Gary Bettman, what does that tell you? Quotter have launched conservative newspaper. The Cornell Review was a member of the Delta Gamma National Woman Society. She graduated cool-outy from Cornell 84. We served her, we received her, JD from the University of Michigan Law School, all my God in Anxious and Arbor, where they smoked the trees as a matter of fact. They just didn't even waste their time. They just liked the trees on fire and smoke it. She received membership in the order of the cliff. It was an editor of the Michigan Law Review. What the hell is that? I got a line, but I'm not lying. I know, I don't say it. Quotter often wore it, and it's something to do with rhymes with what they do on foredown the way I think. Quotter often wore a fur coat to class, even in temperate weather. Follow students that interpret it or wearing it for a coat as a political statement directed at Peter Loving Classmates. At law school, she shared an apartment with the human and civil rights advocates Cindy Cohen. All my God, she shared an apartment with some female. You know what that suggests to me, no, to me. You're fairy. And she's how old 44? She got a husband? No, no, she's married to her a phashism. I'm sorry. At Michigan, she founded local chapter the federal society was trained at the National Journalism Center. And it goes on, she practiced corporate law. She denied she's a fundamentalist Christian, but it won't be because she's been Connecticut where the term is not frequently used. She says, although my Christianity is somewhat less than explicit in this book referring to her book, Godless, Christianity fuels everything I write. Right, well, right there, what does that tell you? The Christianity school, what she writes, we don't want no part of that Christianity, do it all the way. Get away from it, run like a son of a bitch, run like hell. Are you kids out there? Have any good Christians come to try to let convert you from a like hell and call a police? And load a gun. Just in case, maybe the, through a whole of his witnesses, they'll be not grounded or next. And if they don't get you, then the Mormons will be knocking on the door. And if it's not, then it's got to be the government. For some Supreme Court-worlding yesterday, by the way, I was very nice. Lots of really bizarre ones. How about that, what about 15 year olds in Colorado, can marry, and they also said that maybe even like, you know, let's see, 12 year old girls and boys under 14. Girls at 12 boys under 14, can get married under English common law. You don't get any more common than the brits. I'll tell you that right now, they are common. They even call, why do they say, why do they call to house a common? They're no more common. Oh, and keep in mind that their name was the Baton Bergs, the house of Windsor. They were Germans, they weren't even brits. They were phony. They were Erzots British. Trying to like a yo-gated that whole lineage thing, you know, with all of the royalty, all that other crap. You know, the fact that a matter is that they were British. They were in German, same difference. The Baton Bergs. They didn't make you want to puked? Not really. They're explains what it got said, sir. Lausy Quizino. Oh, Germans do have good Quizino. We'll say that. I'm looking forward. Drugs or other evidence seized at home can be used in trial, even if police failed to knock in non-step presence. They Supreme Court will yesterday, and a major shift in its rulings on illegal searches by the police. And no who can thank for that, your illustrious president. And his appointees to the Supreme Court. Oh, how we miss San Diego Conner. The five to four decision-in-a Detroit drug case under Cutsanirli's century-old rule, that says evidence found during an unlawful search cannot be used. But the decision also offers a sign that the court might be more after strengthen the hand of police with just as San Diego Alito, in the place of retired justice San Diego Conner. San Diego Hermon Guirring Alito, for Hermon Guirring, sure got a lot of clones these days. And most of them are connected with George W. Bush. O'Conner, who was on the court when the case was first, argued and worried about the sanctity of the home. Alito Follis sided with Justice Anthony Scalier's majority opinion. There is the real fact that for him. And he makes Mussolini look like a flaming liberal Scalier. Although he likes to go on duck hunting with Dick Taney. Too many wasn't there on that day, you know? He could have got hit, which emphasized that tossing out evidence acquired in violation of the knock-in-ounce rule that would have allowed war could mean releasing dangerous criminals. And a dissent just to Stephen Breyer who makes a fantastic ice cream called the decision-in-doubley-trouble. It's double trouble, baby. It represents a significant departure from the court's presidency, wrote join by Justice John Paul Stevens, David Souter, and Ruth Fader Ginsburg. It weakens perhaps the stories much of the practical value of the Constitution's knock-in-ounce protection. Well, play knock three times by Tony Orlando and Don. There's a good question for it. Tony Orlando. But he ever make any good music. Absolutely not. There's another guy that we can't stand on this show. Tony Orlando, another Bible-sumping phony. We'll hook him up with Mancaya. He'll arrive in a round his ass. That's what I say. Now, getting back to the Sun's central with it. Just embarrassing his head. It's just amazing to me. See, when you're in the newspaper business, and you've got them in half of it, you can print any crap you want, and then what's anybody going to do? They're going to call it in debate it or what? What are they going to do about it? They're probably right-lettered the editor and what's the chance to make any printed? Any? None. I want you to order the editor to the Sun's central. So last time I'll do it, they didn't print it. You know, that's not that long ago. But what happened? And nothing happened. He just didn't print it. That's all. I emailed it in. According to there, I had my email address in a whole deal. Full number? Shoot size? Even my **** size, which wasn't much had a decimal in front of it, and I still didn't print it. So I'll go to show you know, the newspaper. So anyway, a couple days ago, they put this big article on the front page, which you got all sucked in by. You have to admit it. Not me. I didn't even read it. I was written for a little more information. Not that I would have. And by the way, House Captain Harris is playing to a House Marty Pants. I didn't rate this thing about all the tremendous grades in the Florida schools and the FKD and all these A schools and not one F. Well, guess what? Half of Rourke County schools don't even meet tough federal standards. And this is in the same sun-central, and they'd publish it with a straight face. And nearly one out of four of Rourke schools will have to offer students free transfers to better performing public schools next school year. This sobering account was really Thursday, just a day after the Rourke School District was celebrating a record number of A's under the state screening system, which uses a different criteria than the federal no child left behind. I think the criterion is that they get one answer right than it's an A. Out of like 600 questions, 131 local public schools did not make adequate yearly progress, also known as AYP on the Florida comprehensive assessment test, but only schools that failed twice in last four years and accept federal money for poor students face consequences. As a result, 60 one-browage schools must offer transfers. School's give parents the choice in two higher performing schools in the district. A group, 47 schools, face to fill the least three years, so they also must offer free tutoring to low performing students. In other words, to make a long story short, education in Florida sucks. Is that a bulletin or are we new then? Now was the West Palm thing in Joe too, or was it just Broward County? Cause West Palm, I think they said, let me ask you something. Even though we have listeners in Palm Beach County, do we give a flying crap about West Palm? Like I said, that's good. Now Broward. And since this is a statewide story, since you want to make a big stimulus about this, to show us how smart you are, how stupid all the rest of us are. Ah, hello, you did get the earth-christ and I didn't. This is true. Dozens of graduates of foreign universities have provided a little more than copies of their college degrees, often written in a foreign language. We're hired to grade this year's high stakes FKAT exam, according to documents reviewed by the Scum Sentinel. Only a couple of the applicants provided transcripts of their college work, showing the take-and-math, scientific and English courses. Their numbers are small, about four dozen out of nearly 2,000 applicants reviewed by the Sun Sentinel were graduates of foreign schools. In most cases, the document showed there was no background check conducted to verify the educational information on the application, and there was no indication which part of the state exam individuals were hired to evaluate. I like that. Is that a good job? Oh yeah. Critics say the lack of documentation and the ability of test graders from foreign countries is just another indication of problems within the system of hiring temporary workers to evaluate answers to essay, math, and science questions on the FKAT. On Sunday, the Sun Sentinel revealed that hundreds of temporary FKAT evaluators would decrease from the last schools as well as form ones. I've no apparent experience as an educator or degree in a field related to the academic subjects they're grading. In other words, they're like, let me look at like that. Perfectly qualified to be a grading those FKAT scores. So does that answer a little more of your question? No. It does not? Yeah, I do. Whether it's Palm Beach or Browder or whatever hell of it, that's a Florida-the-hole FKAT thing as bogus. And that's to cover up. And if you look at that other fullness on Sentinel, then I'll do the, you think education is improving in Florida and it's over 70% said absolutely not. It sucks. It blows. You can't complain about public education in Florida. You want to know why? There is no? That is correct. Problem is that after a lot of them getting at, maybe it's my allergy in this room or something. Maybe I should take my microphone or a long cord out on the patio. Think? That would be what? Hey, then you can do the sounds like the trains in the, the side and the rear. The other end. Do you hear those? Oh yeah. Can you actually hear them? Yeah. Well anytime you're like in a big city, there's a lot of sirens going. It's one thing I've learned. You don't hear a lot of sirens in South Florida. You want to know why? Well you hear a lot of fire. Yeah, yeah you do. No, not that many. Not like here. Do you want to know why? Why? There's no big city. I mean there's a lot of people around, but there's no big city. Name you a big city. Anyone other than sweet water and Ojas and two egg. Name you a big city. There isn't any. Mine is not a big city. Hold water there and all that big. Hi, Alia. Right? I guess. Western, Western's a big city. I think in New York City, I think of Western. Yeah. 30. I think of a lot of Hill. 13. Pass to 11 acute. I'm audio horse racing fans and poker players. Toppo, park racing and poker is not all the gambling action you want. And something special for all the men to come up to the track this Saturday, tomorrow June 17 for Father's EE. All the men willing to admit being age 18 and older and believe me they will be. We'll get a free entry like to win $1,000 in betting vouchers tomorrow night. Grimes will take place after the six and seven races you must be present to win. Prizes include a $50 or $100, $150, $200, $500 betting vouchers. All guide you know who does a love getting semester cash. Plus, there will be drawings for tickets to come in Marlins baseball games. So make plans now, tell your wife or girlfriend or significant other, even your mother-in-law that you want to go to Pompano Park tomorrow for the great fathers they eat drawing. You might get lucky. Located just to half-malfour both I-95 and the turn-pike, Pompano Park is easy to get too. And based of all Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking every day. Live harness racing and the great smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. poker gets underwayed new and goes on to midnight and live racing gets set away nightly at 725 and a PM. Also don't miss out on the nightside Wednesdays when draft beer sodas hot dogs and more just to buckle up restarting at 6 in a PM. Pompano harness a black-side Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the curracing schedule called 9-5-4-97-2200 on the wicked web it's Pompano Park.com. This is seal rod�es this is 5.16 update why do you press do or special Monday,場crit folds The night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, in the night, it's over, the night is over, the night is over, but night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, all the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the day is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night has over, the night is over, night is over, every night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the the Russian writer, Republicans in New Deal is now you're either an American, you're either with the Americans or with Al Qaeda. Oh, you didn't hear that? No, I didn't hear that one. Well, that's a new one and I speak debate is only debate that they trumped up their in the house. You either, with the Americans or Al Qaeda, there's nothing but like what Bush had back in after 911. You either with us or again, nothing in between. There are no shades of gray. You either a good guy or a bad guy. That's right. Either one of us or an evil doer. A new Fox news opinion done, Anis Khul reports that Senator Swerre Clinton is the most frightening candidate for president by more than a two to one margin according to Raw story. Does he have any more raw than Hillary? She's frightening, all right. You know what's frightening? What's that? Is that she might get the nomination? I don't know why that would happen. She has no chance to win. Yeah, I was just going to say, see even you know that, even a political knife like you know, so she has got a Chinaman's chance in hell. Even Tommy wouldn't vote for her. Oh, he might. Give it to the pen on who's. I would vote for that. What? It would depend on who's running, you know, to replace George. Get out of here. Get out of here. You'd vote for a phony like John McCain. Is that what you tell me? Or Rudy Giuliani? They closed up all the porno in New York. You'd vote for him? No, I wouldn't. Oh, there you go. I vote for it. But I'd sure I'd hold my nose, man. Oh, God Almighty would have stench. That's probably what Bubba was thinking too. The ice princess. She is as phony as a 22 and a half dollar bill. Plotchy might as well just be a Republican. I mean. Yeah, that's the point. Even though the poor sample contained more Democrats than Republicans in 60% of those acid they believe their lives would be better if Democrats gain control of Congress this year. She was still identified by a wide margin to be the most frightening candidate. I'm not sure I know what that means though. The poor will leak to roster A finds Senator Clinton to be the most feared presidential contender, I see. Followed by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Urswavis president Al Gore, and Arizona Senator with a big, puppy cheek John McCain. You know, the fact that McCain is sucking up to Bush now, because they sure were a little self-respect. He's out with a total phony and sell out he is in the West Virginia primary back in 2000. You remember the stories that they put out that the Republicans put out about how McCain had an, an, an, an, an, an, an, an, an, an, an legitimate black child with a prostitute? Yeah. Yeah, that's that is correct. I'm going to come to find out that he is wife had adopted a kid from Bangladesh, a daughter who have to be dark and pregnant, which figures she was from Bangladesh. But nevertheless, that that's what the Bush crowd put out. That was the Carl Roe of a propaganda. And this man just, you know, swallows his pride, looks the other way and how he's sucking up to Bush. What what a dissuade of phony he is. Clinton had the highest fright factor among Republicans at 58 percent independence also feared Clinton over Giuliani to the one margin among Democrats. Clinton came in as the second most feared candidate, training former Mayor Rudy Giuliani by the seven points. Now they will fear you. The poll was conducted with a sample made up of 42 percent Democrats, 34 percent Republicans 19 percent independence. The entire poll fervoring a broad range of topics from Iran to gay marriage and monoclements to the inflight burning is available. And you can, it's not our website, it's one of those fine stories. No, we have on me or argyz.com, is it not? Yes, it is. And guess how that hurricane, basketball team is doing as far as the emotions of South Florida? We still got an uno? Thousands, 76 votes votes. Only 1123 and we got a thousand, 70, so this is record breaking. So what I want to do, Uno. Which South Florida sports team are you most passionate about? Yet, other that guy told me that Cam Ward is a born again Christian from the Carolina Hurri Kans. I'm really full in for Edmonton man. I'm going to get out my voodoo dog. I'm going to be rubbing my roast beans and goli for Hurri Kans and goli. Oh, the goli, you know, the guy has the mask. What's his name like Jason with the mask? It's often straight in 13. See you on a like, watch a hockey game. You might enjoy it instead of just going over there and getting paid for it. I like going to hockey games. You just don't like watching the mess on. Yeah, Patrick's home. They're giving free food over there. By the way, speaking of free food, guess what? I got in my pocket right now as a matter of fact. What do you got? I just received $300 gift cards from Ruth Chris Decaus. Really? Really? Aren't you excited about that? I got a pity. 51. You got a gift card? I did. I didn't get that. Yeah. Chef Addy, when he came in yesterday. Well, it wasn't that. How come he didn't mention that for crying out loud? You know, these people coming here and bringing all of that food, give them a little something. Some men maybe they'll come back and bring us some more. That's the way it works in this business. We want to be a professional free loader man just to lay it on heavy. Lay it on real thick. Your food was sensational. The chef cooked for a special Tommy was visit and put me to get a bottle out of there. Yes he did. I probably had an ace dosen a trace. Which sound thought a sports team are you the most passionate about the dolphins? 313. I'm passionate about them all right. Real passionate. How's that, uh, dente's called peppers coming? He was a neat game last night. Was he really? Front row. Oh my god, was he putting that icy sleigh on his knees around his elbows? What was he doing? Had to be honest with me. They're all doing so well. And how about in, of course, they got Joey Harrington. Now he's a secret weapon. He couldn't play for like a girls team. He couldn't play in a, he's so bad. He couldn't play in the WNBA if he was like a bad people. That's how bad he is. For those dikes. None of them toward a 91. Well, that's that figures. Hurricane football, 133. We love and of course, ask us 133 people how many of them actually went to or have anybody in their family who went to the U of M. You know how many I would say? But, but, but, but, but. It's exaggeration. I just, I don't understand that. Do you? I mean, I didn't go to U of him, but I mean, you went fan. Like I said, front running phony. They wouldn't know when those national championships. You couldn't give a crap less about the Hurray Kings. You know that. Or possibly since I grew up down here in a fairly big college. And I went there as a kid. But, but what's wrong with it? If I, you huh, what's wrong with FIU? FIU just got a football team. Well, there you go. They knew your health man. The Hurricanes don't need you to think at all the permanent phony's they can handle. Uh, get them with FI. How about FAU? What do you like some kind of a racist? Is that it? Hurricanes football 135. I hate sports 92. The heat 87. And a boy to that number. That number went up exponentially as the heat like we're pulling away in the fourth quarter last night. And just crushed Dallas, 98 to 74. And that heat number just going up and we love the heat. That's Jack, Jack. They were all going there. We're doing our gully routine. All over South Florida. Fony is a 522 dollar bill. Yeah, there you go. They're white hot. And as a matter of fact, let me just take a this. They're neither of the above. They're neither white nor are they hot. I've seen them. But he 87 and Marlon 73. They're also kind of the quorum. Although they have on five and a row now. They're on a roll. The Panthers only 52. I hate this full 25 Hurricanes baseball 14 and about 1,091. We almost got 1100 votes by 1130. Mine. And guess how many Hurricanes. That's good. Oh no. So, Tom, the winner. The same one. The same one. I bet you that person feels, I don't know. Like, out on a limb man. You probably clicked that option on accident. Yeah, that was probably a mistake. Hurricanes basketball. Is there all of you in one of those for that? They got that beautiful arena there on campus. See, that's what I, that's a crack smell because there is no campus. I did those, Hurricanes baseball games all those years. I know that there, there's no campus there. I mean, there's a few buildings. And you got that athletic, what do they call that building? What? Where do they play hoot? Where do they play the athletic department is? That building. I don't know. Well, they got something for it. Where they have all the jacks to have hang in there. Where Mike Rosen-Tall hangs out. I'll have an clearance and a beast. I'll your buddies there. If I'm not old, jacks, ramps. When surprised me, if they got like Frank Castro's jacks to hang in there and not building. They have five departments. He could bang it, man. Now what about that? Alistair Jesus. I heard he could bang it too. 28 past 11 and 5, 60 WQ and he had this summer season as fast approaching you know what's coming up this Sunday? You got it. Father's Day. This Sunday, June 18. Well, we all know what dads love to do on their big day. They like to eat. They like to mind your mind. And it's time to call the melting pot and make your reservations for Father's Day. It's not too late to do it. The melting pot is a fondue restaurant and boy what a feast dad is going to have in a great time to it. That's just a meal. It's a great experience at the melting pot. You're dipping it in dunking it in the food too. In addition, their famous cheese and chocolates, they serve up from a serious meat and fish for hungry dads like yours. Hardy on trays from Cetaceth filet, man. You under black and shrimp, teriyaki, sirloin, pork lobster and lots more. The melting pot definitely serve serious food for a serious appetites. Nobody leaves that place hungry. You water a lot of there with a big smile on your face and you're perfectly just bursting. They also have an award-winning wine list to boot. And don't forget that melting pot's famous desserts for a lot of people that's the best part of the whole deal, man. Dipping and ducking in that chocolate even at white chocolate is unbelievable. Thierry tea to put his big smile on Dad's post. So make that call today and invite to add the dip into something sensational at the melting pot this Sunday Father's Day. A full four-course gift for Dad from you. When you call to them that old meal, Pote to call the melting pot in Cooper City or North Mind Revege or candle book of four-lovedail or course, Kural Springs. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Neil, yeah. There was a no farmer who lived on a rock. He's adding the meadow just to see if he is. Is that some boys who were down by the print? There be no water. There is on their marbles and playthings and and half past four. There be no young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white blood feet done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. The boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you in layer from yesterday's heart. Father girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark. He looked like a man with a size of bullhole in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her phone like leech he'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to piss and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick. And then she then overreens a dog his candy so tasty made of butter scotch. And then he spread with cream all over her cookies and she had left out on her shelf. If they think this is dirty you can go through yourself. Oh crap. 3426 still new and at the two o'clock we got guilty from the Mikasuki Gotham country. And I'll sure he'll be talking exclusively about mad dog and can't be seen dating for the seven of you talking exclusively about and then we got the marring game. Marlins hosting the Toronto Blue Jays. Those fairly not red hot but like kind of look warm you know bubbling under Toronto Blue Jays and then it came to the baseball game. And in Christmas Marlins and you'll be pleased to know they hurt him basketball and I think Frank Castro and Alex de Hizu was voted for that and maybe Howard Shapiro. The house today rejected the time table for pulling U.S. forces out of Iraq. They just had that big vote they just concluded it. The date culminating a fiercely partisan debate between Republicans and Democrats feeling the public separation about the war and the arm rushing midterm campaign season all about politics that's what they do in the prime politics with the lives of others people over there now including all the Iraqis as well. And no business being there in the first place. I'll tell you who was really great yesterday and it's two by at least such a little twerp. Yes, then it's then it's because in it's he was sensational screaming and yelling and wailing it's just telling it exactly the way it is. And about how we don't belong there in the first place and they never attacked us and we're invaded their country. We don't belong there at all and he's absolutely correct. No confusing American public with that though because after all the war and terror. And don't tell the American public there was no alcada interact before we invaded there or there was no terrorist threat. Don't tell the man. They've totally switched to subject man. Now that's the way they just amazing the way that they were probably going to keep doing that. In a 250-6152 we vote the GOP let House of Purodenon by the resolution that phrases US troops labels the war and Iraq part of the larger global fight against terrorism and says an arbitrary date for the withdrawal or media plummeted troops is not a national interest. And by the way the new vice president of Iraq when Bush was there on Tuesday and when he asked him for no. He asked him for a date for withdrawal for American troops. But nevertheless don't confuse now they want us out of their man. Retreat is not an option and Iraq declared House majority leader John Vaynerofoeic and Oval Highloach evening victory is our only option for the American people in our kids. Right, like the 2500 kids we're dead now. House Democrat leader, Bushi was she Nancy Pelosi of California counted, state of the course I don't think so Mr. President signed to face the facts. She said the war in Iraq has been a mistake I say a grotesque mistake. Well there you go she's starting to butcher up a little bit. Also be Senate. But I don't think it's got to vote in here the numbers but the Senate voted. Oh yeah, here you go. But that was yesterday to Senate rejected the call to withdraw 93 to 6. At Democrats criticized the GOP maneuver to let the voters as political gamesmanship and promised further debate next week and he proposed the start we deploying troops this year. We need John Merth it is take over but those coup that man's going to kick some ass if you don't quote first. Maybe a little bit on the old and the. Cremuzzi and he's so he's good. You know John Merth? No. You don't know your John Merth from old little big birth. Happy 50th to Rick Shaw again and he can blame what's his name. Blame till Johnson for the fact that he gave me the wrong phone number. What an idiot. I would have called and I get you. I get an argument here that would have made his old day. I'll I'm sure you probably got a few other calls from some not not people who's important as me of course. But he probably got a few calls while it was on his mind maybe we'll get a spiral for it to unrecreet ticket on this 50th anniversary in a business. When you think maybe I mean if it was as good for him as my 30th anniversary show blow was that something or what? No. No. Wasn't much. WQAM Hello. Five six seven. Five sixty. Well, actually had a couple of calls in the first hour. Couple of national people which surprised the hell out of me on a Friday the 16th of June right in the middle of the vacation season. And that's shocking to you. Yeah. Where people are not too larger than their digit. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Hello. QAM. Hello. I have six seven five sixty. Tell me QAM. Crank it up a little bit louder so we can hear it too. Tell me QAM Hello. Hello. Are you coming away in the mind? He took us to the back. We're giving away something. No. Okay. We're going to give you a sending him right to your house and he's going to stick an icy sleeve right in your back. Do we like that, pal? Maybe four eight heads back to Dallas. Never said. I haven't done all the big sentences with that. Although I wouldn't be surprised if there's a soccer match on right now from the world copy. I think. Oh, I'm sure. Let me get to my soccer or a channel. Fake. Fake. Plus. In a world of fake muscles. Fake food. Fake hair. What you can look on the menu right. I can't do that. I think it's good. Fake tattoos. Fake feelings. Fake back. Sitz him when you can get a real beer. That's a great spot. That's right. Look at the man. Everything is fake. Here's what I take calls. I'm a good person. You have the menu. You can learn how to say. You are so fun. Golf on this channel. This is a world cup. They moved today. They played a little fast and lost a minute. They moved to a different channel. But it doesn't say who's playing there. I don't think maybe there's not a game going on right now. I don't know. Maybe it's half time. I don't know what time. But I think the Americans are going to go on two today. It'd be done. Are you kidding me? The American? That embarrassing team got knocked off by the check. We're public free nothing other day. That's bad. It'd be bad for American ego. WDQAM soccer line. Hello. It's private soccer. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. When they swim on the lead, I would kind of find that room. So worried about them going after rovers. Wait. It looks like they did a nice bake out on that. They're really after the fourth amendment. So they get to search us whenever they want it to. Yeah. I can't believe it. They're going to your freedom as man. Write down the drain, baby. I mean, the Patriot Act is one thing. And now they're going to do that. There was the Constitution man. Just like your president said, it's just a GDP piece of paper. That's what he says. I'm still waiting to see who's playing the soccer match. There you go. 2006 FIFA World Cup from Germany. Brought to you by Toshiba. Celebrate the beautiful game and take a short at high definition prizes. At complete the play.ca. Toshiba completely hates the experience. And by Rutgers Wood. I'm just going to take that way. When I put a spot over here, I'm going to write a message. And the latest MP3. Who knows, playing what is the score? I think that's another spot. Boy, oh man. There are two more intensive. Well, they got to get something out of this crap. I mean, do you think anybody really cares? Oh, you know, how do you think Canada is doing in the World Cup? I believe you knew that, huh? I did it. Well, there you go. We don't have a team. I'll be there. When you're busy with hockey and curling, maybe you don't have time for this other important stuff. When you invented basketball, see, you people better kiss the ground for the Canadians because they invented basketball without that. You're going to have all that to like, pound on your chest. Look at this. They're going all the way. They're going to have to hike at 91 votes on there now. They would have got their rest here class night. You could turn that number round to be like 19 guaranteed. 19 till noon right now, QIM. Would lightning quick speeds, latest features and security, Comcast high speed internet leaves the SL in the dust. Call today and get the best offer of the year at Comcast high speed internet for just 24.95 a month free for six months. Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8 meg premium speed tier free. With an always on connection speed of up to 8 megabits for a second. Comcast high speed internet is up to 5 times faster than the SL15 and up to 100 times faster than dial up. What do you download in music watching streaming video playing online games is just surfing all your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connects means you'll be flying through the internet, flying just like Peter Pan. Plus with his son up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access for free features like video mail, Comcast Rhapsody radio plus, and up to 7 personal email accounts to be name and a few. Not only that, but you also give free macophie security tools included, so you can rest assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure. In any of the savings of over 100 bucks just for the security alone. So while you wait and for start doing more faster than you ever could before, sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 a month for six months. And date call 305 Comcast or in 9.54 Comcast. Com today for the tails certain restrictions apply. This is meal Roger. This is 5.16. Oooohhhhh! Weigh and child, in the woods no one has anyBS connection. Go with the hang from trees and play, man, Joe, you got some full fall, a station on, new fangled, raving old, now as north, hair, run, the goes, brolly's a big city, you know, and that's where the bees these had to go, for golly, rally, Joe. Ono, GM, he'll do what he can, shink your hand like a friend, then quickly walk away, they had Joe, go, do five, six old, with raving and the toilet mold to get those, play, ming for full mows and order and control, and then so golly, rally, Joe, about you, or ran in the nose, he lets mows, go, and here's what blows, if goundy, his own Joe. You make the big change, and re-aligned, it's where so to say, he has a god of thing, or what goes, or the air at two, Joe, don't have a sink in blue, out of four, not presently, lost for whole radio, the GM, of five, six old, jolly, rally, Joe. Oh, lemme 47, 13, the loona, WC, you're used to be great station, but when I came 56, we had an 8 million sure, and ever keep taking what a member he's got, guess who's planning this game now, or who we got, Netherlands and the ivory coast, needle lines, those Dutchmen. I saw a, I'm one of those travel shows I saw at last night was about Holland and about Amsterdam, which I enjoyed watching because I see a lot of familiar places, but you hate it. I beg your pardon, but you hate the Dutch, that is correct, not all of them, just most of them. And of course, it's not one of those travel channels, those goody two shoes, they show like a little glimpse of the red light district, and Chakita's sex shop and whatever, and then they're going to be well, and recent years though, the political winds are changing, and they're desired to eliminate somebody's severe aspects, and they show some guy some old nasty looking coop, and he's sitting there with some tourist, you know, pedaling drugs or whatever, and implicating that they're going to take the sex and drugs out of Amsterdam. Let me just tell you this right now, they don't, they may be, you know, like a little bit hard ass over there, but the one thing they're not is they don't have a death wish, because if they were to do that, there wouldn't be anybody going there, I can guarantee that. They sure are going there for the cuisine, or for the lovely brown water-nose canals. Oh, you have to be sure when you go to Amsterdam to take one of those boat tours, you know, and the canals, and you can see just a wider water is so brown. Now let's see, well, well, what is going on here? Would they get to some action here or what? I guess there must be coming on in the field. Time and, go to the wild because there's been criticism of his selection of the system of favority, to be applying to the team, he fights being a little off. Seriously, I would rather, I can't think of anything in the world, I'd rather less walks than soccer, I'd rather watch golf, and I'd rather be dead than watch that. It's probably going to golf, not, not, don't even have any clubs, huh? I wouldn't go that far, though. I'd rather watch soccer than golf. No, at least it's non-stop, I mean, there's not excitement, non-stop what? Kick it above, kick it above dribbling it around back and forth and move to the right and the goalie picks it up and he holds it for 26 and the clock is like that. But golf, and on TV, I would have to be with that, both Coleman and Ducing. I would say, curling, golf, and soccer. You take those three, you call those boys? You're still bowling in there. Now, come on, bowling is a little, you know, you never would have to forget you need a perfect game, you never stop bowling for dollars, man, with any coalescent buddy, bullmar? No. You know, now that my buddy Dick Feinberg got screwed over there, a pop at O'Park. Well, who am I going to give all these harness racing names out for? Because he's the only guy that everyone who I was talking about. Don't leave Tondick. I need you there for moral support. Now, there's the one guy, probably more than anybody else who helped to put over that thing and barred on the air, giving the slots thing past, he did more good work on that and really, it was the main man. Now, what does he get as a reward? A good stab at a back. That's the way the world works, man. That's just the way it is. According to the latest NBC Wall Street year old poll published late yesterday, Americans view former vice president Al Gore unfavorably by 42 to 30. Not third man. Listen, unfavorably, how do you like that? Though 52% of the Democrats give them a thumbs up. They've been safe thumbs up. Where? How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud on Sagdalm Hussein, or to a prison? That's right. But his cause draws it here as 59% safe climate change war on some action, or media steps on 51% 1999. What was an accurate? Those must be people who live in close to the polarized caps that are modding. After appearing with fallwell 2008, a hopeful McCain sees favorable ratings and unconstrueders tick up from 40% to a 36% from 36 to 40. McCain standing among Republicans, 47 positive only 16 negative, exceeds the 36 to 13 showing for potential rival nude English, all family values man nude, Kingridge, who was giving his wife to the sign of divorce papers while she was laying on her deathbed. Among 2004 bushbackers, 8% say there are 26 will signal opposition to the president, 8%. Is there ready to have to work hard on those voting machines? I see there was another big scandal in California, would display this their race out there for the seat of Duke hunting him, and there are all kinds of questions about the day of the election, and there's no point in having any more elections in America, just forget about them. You want me to go vote again. Yes, I do. If you tell me you're not going to go vote, well, this time forget it. There's really not much to vote for, because what are you going to vote for? You're congressional races, you even know who the hell is running, and come and see all of them to get in anyway. No, I'll not be. The 2008, let's see, will I be on here in 2008 for the election? I'm alive. Yes. It's a matter of fact, that'll be my last one on the year. I'm still around 2008. It'll be great. But if you realize how much time we got, just take a look at what's happening in the last week, man, with this big photo up in Iraq, and they got Alzarkawi, and they got Al Goldstein locked away at the Rake Records Island. They're making the world safe again from those terrorists, and Carl Roe, thinking of what he deserves, and they got that vote. It's just pathetic. The Democrats just don't know how to play good old country hardballs, like the Republicans. They just, they, you know, there's some slimy Democrats like that. Jefferson guy would have 80 billion dollars in his refrigerator in small bills. But they just don't know how to outslime the Republicans. That's the problem. That wrong with a little cold cash? Yeah. 90,000 refrigerator, and of course it's a racial thing now. Yeah, everyone's a racial thing. Oh, look at that. They're in order to play this game in Stuttgart. I've never been there, but I just like saying that. Stuttgart sounds so, oh, the races they hear on the back of my neck. I love Germany. Although I see some of those old crowds, you know, I just walk away. They're walking, they're like, goose stepping up and down the Kudam. They're goose stepping. And I know they're still singing. In private, they're still there with Dutch land, Uber, all the security of that. They're still saluting it. They probably got a big swastika under a bathroom wall on the T-room wall. But Germany's great, but some of the names there, oh, stoutard. And like when I first went to Amsterdam, I heard him speaking Dutch would sounds so much like German only more. More gutter roll like that. Oh, oh, you can't believe I just did. Mmm, get a little hawker. A little bit, oh, purple. I'll write a good one. That's a good one when you got a purple one on a Friday. There's the Dutch with those cute, puky orange outfits. There's not a lot of people there. They're not a lot of people there. They're not a lot of people. They're not a lot of people. Now, he looks pretty good to me. That guy right there. What, where do I find him? Maybe he's on the road to Vaseline. I'm sure on a whole Dutch team up close and personal one guy looked really good in the rest of the look of subhuman. Looks like the well, it's the Dutch. Let me go back and see that number three player there. Holy cow. Yeah, that's right. They haven't taken their seats here. Why do you, you'll see, once they start when they drop those balls there, a midfield man and all of a sudden all hell's going to break those. Oh, there's the team from, what is it? The ivory coast. There's all I'm so he Dutchman there. They're the rule of your orange outfits on those who look in the right. And the ivory coat. So you just say TT. I'm joined the coverage too. There's all the dust. What are you talking about? You're just thinking those are empty seats. Those are orange. Things. There. But that's the full red kimchi. Well, I don't want to hear the ivory coat nationwide. We'll probably get knocked off the air if we do that. I have about, which one of these guys looks good? Well, I'll actually look a little bit dark to me, which don't necessarily mean they don't look good, but they look like good. I don't know. Not nobody so far. And nobody so far. Look at that guy's a midjick. I'm midjick. And I said, you can't make sure. Because of a two feet tall. And then the camera bounces up this. Oh, look at that. Oh, yeah. What is that? He made a nice ride when I swear to God. That was the nice rideman. I recognize that child anywhere. Now, these guys ain't too sharp looking. Okay. Look at that two car garage knows. Two car garage knows. Oh my god. What a shame. That was great. It was great. Yeah, there's some very fine looking dark and perfected the guys in the world, but there aren't any of my netting. There's Malcolm, how do you know, hoardie? Where's my buddy? Oh, that was a bad guy. That was a bad guy. That was a bad guy. That was a bad guy. That was a bad guy. That was a bad guy. You're right. Great scenes here. Oh, yeah. And this is so emotional. Right, right, scenes. It's the nastiest thing I ever done. Seeing I'll say that. It's just a bunch of car cars. What it is. Needle lines all the way, baby. Them Dutchmen. Otherwise, they're like throw a bunch of drugs at him. 160 tree votes. Now, let's see, all the Dutch players are white, aren't they? Not really. Yeah, well. No, actually this surprise, and there's a lot of raster guys in Holland, but they didn't make the team. 1160 well or two busy doing business. 1160 tree votes. Which, for this fourth team, are you the most passionate about dolphins? 338. We love those dolphins. They're really bad. They suck. None of them. 307. For a cane football, 148. 96. I hate sports 95. Marlins only 79. And he's a really unfire, baby. They're red hot. Panthers only 57. Boy, why even bother, you know? I hate this pool 27. Hurricanes baseball 15. And Hurricanes basketball making a big move. Trace. And his traces. This is like this. This is 560. 280. So, what's out of it? And this portion of the new rangers in the 12th. Although in our is broken by the 1112. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 11 12. So, like is a pizza. Or for me. And a... A... A... Just take that lady risk as well. Well, you know it's better than the boyfriend in a hotel. And take away any food control. You gotta real break the tenons of cold. Very. I could hear an insane cold dog. I've just found regular one. Pretty cold. She's driving pretty cool. That ice cream's only known. You gotta real break the tenons of cold. She's shaking like a touch of sand and foam. Pervert to get falling down on the floor. But, I am proud of this cereal cold. So, you gotta real break the tenons of cold. Almost 3 to 560 WQA and we got Galvin Kellogg to get George and we back next week. He'll be doing a show. I'll be in Berlin, rooting for the... Who am I going to be rooting for? I guess Germany if I want to be safe. Well, you know what I mean? You'll have crews from all over the world there. Tommy Cruz? There'll be a lot of people like him. Yeah, they're always are. A 15 year old girl and then of course, after that. And the following week, it's the summer schedule. George, our Monday Wednesday and Friday, I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday. And let's of course, I'm Ellen. I'll just feel like laying out. Now, the fourth of July is on a Tuesday. You don't think I've worked on the fourth of July, do you? Why now? Come on now. So, what are you talking about to legal holiday? Tommy ain't going to show up on the fourth of July, are you? What's happening? He's not showing up right now because my gills here. We're in Tommy, go. Tommy has a lot of work to do. Oh, that's right, it's Friday. Well, she was getting them. I think that line about the two car. No garage knows. I think that put them over the edge. That was me, but I know that. Okay. I know it was you, but I think that the sediment would different frame of mind. So we got Miguel now. I wonder how the Cuba team is doing here. We have a team? No. Neither of us canada. No countries with the sea are a lot to play against. Except the Czech Republic. Now, so that the US already planned losers, they're no. No. I, uh, US Air Boys tomorrow. Oh, it's tomorrow. I thought it was tonight. We're going to get people out of tomorrow. Oh, Italy. Oh, Italy. Oh, Italy. Oh, it was a tight ins man. Look out for them. They're making an offer to can't refuse. They'll make damn sure they don't win end match. So let's see. Uh, do you see that? The official just gave the thumbs up. Oh, wait. Let me get that back on. I don't know. You get that back on again. I don't think you missed anything though. Oh, yeah. I don't think you're going to win me. I'll get it right. No, no, no, no. Oh, no. As in. No, God. No, God. Denver, Colorado. Denver, California, California. We'll get everything we need to say. Follow if you need to feel with all this. Yeah, definitely. We'll be able to see that this guy, you know, the Nevada he gets, say, пока. You know, he's going to get things ready. He's not that big, no.가지고. So, we know. No, you're going to see that he's going to be all the best. Yeah, good. Yeah, no, you know, he's escaped. But we're going to know who you are. And the person I am testing is because he has all the best three bigoted blue-nosed, hateful, aguacious state, and yet they come up with some kind of crap but you know what else is another one? Utah. For all those polygamous star. I was more among Mormons. Right? One of the same. More of that hypocrisy again, man. They're holier than now and gooddie two shoes and everything is sinful and yoddiata. But remains on there to ones that are doing everybody, everything that moves. The ruling over turned a lower court charges decision that a girl who was not older than 18 was too young to marry when she was 15. The panel said there was no clear legislation of a statutory guidance on common law marriages and the Colorado courts have not determined age of consent. I'm going to tell you how little scoring there isn't these matches. They haven't even put on my feet here. They haven't even put the, you know, how they have the, like any scoring right? The score thing at the top of the screen. They've even bothered putting them up yet. Well, that's not here. I was sitting on everybody watching my house again. I got a nail nail. Yeah, but on the duce, I would sound the duce. Well, I'll be damned. I'm watching on, what is this? Well, I'm this crappy TV. I can't even see it. It says 0 0. Oh, it's on an HD. I got an HD in my living room. Oh, this is sports net Pacific is what this is. So excuse me, sports net. Colorado is one of 10 states plus the district economy that recognized common law marriage, which is based on English law dating back hundreds of years. For traditional ceremonial marriage, Colorado law sets the minimum age of 18 or 16 with parental or judicial approval. It appears that Colorado is adopted the common law age of consent from marriage as 14 for a male and 12 for a female, which existed under English common law the ruling said, nevertheless, we need only hold here that a 15 year old female may enter into a foul common law marriage, because that was about that one case, this is a case. But they're saying, well, it could be undernet. It could be like about five would be good. Well, you know how mature you are at 12 to 14. Well, but how about at five or six would be good? You could like, you know, have your own like sandbox? There you go. The appeal was filed by Willis Ralph 38 who was serving time for escape and a parole violation. He argued that he and the girl began living together. They were, well, listen, Rich Spainfield was 24 and Linda Blair was 15 and they moved in the gathering and checked up. They say they stopped. And that was with her mommy's permission. He argued that he and the girl began learning to be able to be able to 2002 and apply for marriage license to your later. The girl had become legally independent by then, but her mother also consented to the marriage and kept the girl and routes to obtain license. A judge invalidated the marriage saying anybody underbreeds 16 needed to do digital approval for his or her common law or ceremony marriage. While yesterday's willing found the girl was old not married did not conclude whether she and Ross had a valid marriage. The courts in the case back to trial judge to make that decision. Well, Colorado baby you want to marry me, I'll go to Colorado and then you can also be on deadline too. You're going to Internet try to hook up with some young girls in Colorado and then you can be on deadline. Huh? Then I come over here. I'll be right out. I'll be right out. Just sit down. Now, just have a seat over there. I'll be right out. Funny you don't look like a little girl. Well, current military and former hotel intelligence officials remain concerned about a U.S. led strike on Iran despite the recent appearance of diplomacy on the part of the U.S. State Department and the offer and set us packaged to Iran. Officials point in new developments such as a recent meeting in Rome between an Iranian arms dealer and controversial neo-conservative Michael Leedon and the March creation of the Iranian directorate inside the Pentagon as examples of recent events soared to be lead up with the war in Iraq. And then these officials also add that is un yet uncompleted phase to investigation into pre-war Iraq intelligence suggests the same problems may recur when addressing Iran. They note that the Pentagon's Iranian directorate mirrors the so-called Office of Special Plans which played a major role in feeding phony intelligence to the president that bolstered a phony case for war for an invasion. See, I don't know about you, but my idea of a war is like when two countries are fighting each other. Yes. That's the general. But there is no war. There is no war going on. That's why they have to keep using that cliché that war on terror. This is part of the war. Because they didn't feed us and they're not technically fighting us, but we just put together a coalition of the willing countries that nobody ever heard of each side of Brits and they're all in there. I'll five of them. A recent trip by Michael Leedon to Rome has raised red flags among those considered about a potential war with Iran. Some believe that Leedon a long time advocate of the Iranian regime change was involved in the Niger-Fordery scandal. You know, when they dumped those phony officers of Wilson out of them on those phony documents, yes, about Iraq with the, yeah. In late 2001, Leedon Middle-Espirate Harold Road and Pentagon-Analist Larry Franklin, who later played a guilty-depressive and passing classified information by Washington for Israel lobbying group traveled to Rome to meet with the Iranian arms leader, Manukur Gorbidon Far, and various attacking and winning in Egyptian intelligence agents. Not long after that, documents falsely reporting that Iraq had attended to buy yo-ok, creating surfaced in the international intelligence community, ending up at an attacking magazine, Panorama, for which they'd wrote periodic articles. Another fighting symphony information about Iran and this will probably be our October surprise. Just in time for those video elections, I don't think there's ever going to be any more Democrats. So Republicans are just going to call off all the rest of the elections. It's all done. You're finished, baby. You're all done. Finito. Now, they still haven't put the thing up that box up here on my own. Look at that show. That was that. Don't worry, I'll let you know. I'll tell you where someone scores. No, I'll all know that. Although that's why the war of crap. Although the crown seems to be close to an enemy. Only, 11.6. Hello, good day. Watch today, boys. Well, manager, I'll send Vancouver's just behind me up with the asked to manager, working for a French television. Certainly, thank you for calling us as a newbie. Yeah. I'm so all right. If you always say, Boba Buu is playing for Ivory Coast, I would say. That's their star player. Boba Buu. Lobbie Dan. They're probably going to get a big write-up in that German magazine's stern. 1192 votes on a poll. I need to share it. You have basketball, though, still got only the same three. I don't want to keep leaning on them. But they needed that arena there, that on-campus building. They needed that, like, we need him or it's, you know. What happened to my one to two hour? Did that two or that away already? What's in a half a minute part of my log? You better refax me the one to two hour. All righty there. No, I'm serious. I just, I think I lost it. Or maybe I'm just leaving a one o'clock and I didn't realize it. You think that's possible? I think that's real possible. Good. See you. 12 minutes past noon to QM I know one thing. We got guilty. Oh boy, if it's Friday, it must be guilty. They make a sukiza too. Pick to yourself, cruising the waters off his game, Bay at sunset. The Miami skyline off the bow. Miami beach behind you. Well, you don't own a vote. Maybe that's the best news of all for you. Call Club Notico right now in rent one. That's a smart way to go. 1-800-Bolt-Rence in number to call. The new Club Notico on South Beach and keep his scain have top of the line C-way boats ready to rent. Exilibrating power boats, new models prepped and waiting for you. And their C-Rays to the Mercedes of boats. Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent and Club Notico will get your all hooked up. Throw into Club Notico and save even more. Boat rental after boat rental. They do all the work for you. No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance, no cleaning up when you're done. No hassles whatsoever. Considering the cost of owning a boat, you can't afford not to choose this smarter way to do it. Would Club Notico on South Beach and keep his scain. Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent right now. Club Notico, they set the standard homicies at 1-800-Bolt-Rence. This is Neil Ruttler. This is 5.62. A C-Rex! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! Yeah! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! A C-Rex! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Look who's here. It's shy. Who's here? I don't care that any you people. I just spend your money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. These are. We got 1906 votes. Almost 1200 already. And guess what? We have 4 now for you and basketball. Well, I'm not even saying it. I'm not going to do it. I think we have a lot of other couple of weeks. We might have like 7 or 8. I doubt it though. I think they all voted twice. Both of them. I'm watching it. I'm here. I'll tell you what you watched that. So I can turn it off. I'll go back to a... Certainly not news never. Because maybe there'll be some breaking news. Maybe an inculter will break a leg or break her neck. I think that's why we have the same guy that I got. So you got what to do? I got 28 due to injuries. I wasn't a takeover. But coaching them... Oh, but persuaded to do so. But you have a choice. I think they will win. They will win. I think they did one nail. I could tell you. Oh god, they nauseated. 560560. Let's take a sweep of calls. I guess on the board he gets really testy and surely he starts throwing stuff. And sleepy. 5605605605605605. He wants to see all these great colors that we've got. It has been pretty phenomenal week. I will say that indescribable. More sendo than usual. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Niel. Yes sir. I'm Ryan. You know, the most exciting play of course, that soccer is definitely the header. And also when the other guy screams out after they score the goal. I go... Yeah. Like that. Hey Niel. We left in the lurch for this next election. I don't care. I mean, I don't see anybody on our rides and for the presidency in 2008. I mean, you know, is a new Gingrich who's going to run maybe? Come on. I really see that's my right run in win. Luke Gingrich is a Republican if you recall. So you remember then? Yeah. He's probably going to run. Yeah, he's going to run for his life. I'm thinking of hanging manooch. Just keep saying that to yourself. Hi, manooch. You're just keep saying hi, manooch. Backbones. Good. It's time to make you laugh. Anyway, hi, manooch. 560. I'm thinking Barack Obama myself. I'm thinking Howard Dean and Barack Obama. That's not going to happen, but I'm just thinking, wouldn't it be great? Yeah, I mean, I don't care. Just get a bush out of the White House. Get a good bush out of there. He's going to get out of there anyway. All the way. I don't think so. I think probably just before the election is scheduled, we'll have like some major conflict again. And there's some terrorist threat and like some who knows what. Yeah, and then beware of those. Who knows how many more people will have to sacrifice to be right. Wing can continue holding on to power. They're still pissed off at the Clintons for interrupting their plans, you know? They messed up all their plans with those eight years in there. And now they got control again. And that's why they keep, they got their friends at die bold and their buddies in Ohio. And all these voting machine people, man. So they can fix their election no matter what the actual result is. Just to make sure that they don't lose. And the Democrats mean while are like, I don't know. Yeah, like who can be the most name be, Pamby of mall. We need Dennis Cassin and it's baby too many such a little shrimp. We've got a bad hair piece. So it's the show you boys and girls you never go anywhere in this world with a bad. Who's the door door door door door door? Peace. WQAM. Hello. George Washington's about to come to see you. Yeah, good. WQAM. Hello. QAM. I'm a safe other. We're both too generous. Show to me yesterday. And, uh, deal. I'm a cheat. I'm like, fuck. Wow. Isn't that three calls for him this week? Yeah, I think that was his last one. I don't mean I'm going to show. I mean his last call. Oh, do you think that's much? Wow. Well, what was he, can you understand, and you had one of those phones? Yeah, one of them phones are kept cut now. And so I would like to suggest one thing to cut it out. Cut it out. Okay. You old, old clown. You cut it out. You're, you're, you're, two old for prime time. Rick Shawking calling. And he's the oldest guy we love to call him on the show. I feel so bad about that. I mean, not real bad, but a little bit bad. It would have been a nice touch of how to call him. I got up. I didn't get up anywhere near the usual because, you know, I finished with all my stuff. And I said in there and, uh, pick up the phone and come to find out Joe Johnson. Give me a bum scare. And I still enjoy you. You know, I hope that Rick Shaw on Monday morning beats the crap out of Joe Johnson. Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What are we doing? What are we doing? What are we doing? It was for the ultimate 2016, the World Cup experience. That was your, that was your boy Lord. How come we went to a commercial? That was your good looking guy who got the goal, I think. You was? I think so. How come we're in a commercial break now on my network here? Well, here you go. You've got to be kidding me. He has times and everything. I mean, you want a wall thing finished. Then piercey. Know the seat. He just walks up to it. And what a cracking goal. It's a laser beam shot up. It's a fucking hell. You sound like Jackie's story. I've been piercing those exactly what he wants to do. And the commercial on my feet. No, that's what I'm on the wrong network. And you're always talking crap about that, you know. No, I'm eating. What is only previous goal of coming at the point? Yeah, he's a fun looking in me. I'm going to ask myself, what a big grout of that wall. I mean, the finished World Cup goal first, not the silly right. I guess I better stay on this matter, okay? I'm busy ripping the Joe Johnson and he asked. So that good looking guy scored a grand scope. That's very seldom happened. Usually the real ugly guy with a two car garage knows us. That was pretty good line. Miguel Mr. Needle is one and the ivory coast. They coat the if law. None. 205 votes on a pool and a hurricane basketball. They got a chinquay. They got cinco. They got five big ones. Five big goofballs. What about a QAM? That makes a team. QAM? Me, huh? Yes, sir. Hi, I'm a footballer. I love you so. Yeah? All right. We're so. Ah. Perfect. Ah. We got five big ones. Uh huh. Hello? How? In my hand already, huh? No. I'm six, seven, five, six, five, six. The pound, five, my honor, radio. Oh, my god. You're honored, all right. I think you're hatching something. So there's a big news. Neverland scored a goal. They've only played a few minutes here too. That's really shocking. That's how's the other ivory coast most suck really bad, huh? WQAM? Hello? Hi, I'm an American. WQAM? Hello? Oh, we all know you make me so. WQAM? Hello? How is this meal? Yes. Happy for them, baby. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. WQAM? I'm a nail. Yes. It's Gail. How you doing? Who? Not a nail. That's not a nail. How you doing? Something Gail? Yes, sir. Not a nail, huh? Something Gail? Yeah. It's not a nail. It's not a nail. It's not a nail. Yes, sir. Well, it's not a nail. You're okay, and the fact is we're seeing it on a phone. It's a phone tweeter. It's a totally different. What could you understand? We said we'd be going to say it's Gail's storm. Wow. This is really special today. I can't forget to tell you how it just does me so much good. Looking at that clock. 12.26 already, man. We're getting close to Gail anytime. So we can really do that game last night. We play, we wind it, we play it, we re-enjoy it. We can be fell in from it. Even the glamour, fell in from it. Oh no. Go Tom. Go bankrupt. Age gold, scams, Studien. Two gold 2. We died here as well. Because he passed more and more in the ly, reach gold to it. Oh no. And back to his story. Secretary does not face rape. They very badly. And the two coolers. Two fathers. Into a trick is gold for his Franz eat. I should have gone to our summer. All rude van news to read. Newstermine. I'm listening to my well-being. Newstermine. Going to the summer is really. I've had Simon J on the interview with his name. Right. Oh my god. Two Nail for the needle-ins van. That one's over. That's in the bag. 1226-560WQM if you think you might have termites in your house called Reddit Pest Control 2 Day, for a free termite inspection. Reddit uses that amazing orange or a treatment I've had 10-y about for a long time. He kills termites and there lies 100% on contact. They're gone fast and you can say, Todd Reck is useless. If he had termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to take your house. You're nothing to be said about that. It's just gross. No worry about poisonous gas. No moving out of staying in hotels or hotels for days or even weeks. No worry about food or your pets either and your health. Because the folks at Reddit Pest Control feature on what is amazing orange oil, you don't have to leave it all. When they're done treating the property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. So if you have a termite problem called Reddit Pest Control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and there lies 100% on contact. No tending, no games, no kidding, no BS. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. Be sure to tell the Todd Reck to do that call. They'll really appreciate that. 1-800-447-4348-448. And this is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. And why do you ask this? Oh my god, it's a severed hand! Yes, severed hand. The new fab that's sweeping our nation. Everyone who's anyone has got a severed hand. And if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed hand customer. Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy. $623. Isn't that a lot for a bag of candy? Well, it's our finest mixture. You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddies, and the juice filled wax bumpkins. Well, I guess it is a good deal. Except for the severed hand of the middle of the Zang Nod Bar, sweet betees. I'm so sorry, please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free. You better. Yes, a severed hand is your ticket to thousands of discounts in freebies worldwide. So pick up yours today. And remember, if it's not dead, it's not severed hand. Did you see that cocky girl? They hit the post on that one. I can't believe it. Well, believe it. Almost made it to the one. But it's still too nil for nettle and those of you soccer intensive world cup crazy people. And I do mean crazy. We've not played that severed handers because somebody faceless is great story from the Sun Sentinel, no less. And now the hand working on your site, you'll be able to see it. I think you've heard now that it works on your computer. What do you mean by that? Did you say the Sentinel was working? No, I can, I'm a fire fox. I'm a zilla fire fox, not on explore. Well, you know, part of the story isn't actually read him in print amount. It's just have issues on explore with the Sun Sentinel. No other site. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe the sport doesn't like the Sun Sentinel. I can understand that. I can relate to it. Maybe they hated like poison. Especially after that bogus article two days ago about the great education in the big city. And then all of a sudden how they do this biggest bogey about it was at bogus. And 50% of the students were like failed based on national standards, not to exciting man, not to good. I wonder how their pull is coming on at the other thing. The education pull they're doing on how people feel. Let me take a few get it before we get to the severed hand. Shoot a nail for needle lines. So look at that guy. Look at the expression on his face. All right. I was a look at horror about that. All right. And that was before he made that expression. It was a little horror about all those Dutch guys. Most of me too pretty. I was like, but he got a card. Now where am I going now? Is it a red card or green card or a yellow card? Oh, it was pink. Hmm. What am I looking for? Oh, that pull. Let's see. Now the education on on a different pull now. Saying retreat is not an option. These GOP dominated US House declared Friday that the Iraq war is an essential part of the war on terrorism and that no withdrawal they should be said. Your opinion. A greedy US military has to stay. Would it say? I'm still a rack is a stabilize. You got the idea. Disagree. It's a ranch job now. Or I'm not sure. I'm going to disagree. Just because that's what I do. I disagree. Look at that. They got four hundred and six votes on their new Senate. Pull. Only 29 percent say they agree with the Republicans. And a few dozen Democrats, by the way, also voted against that resolution. US military has to stay until Iraq is stabilized no matter how long 29 percent. 68.7 percent say, this agree. It's a ranch job. Now we've spent enough in tax dollars. Try to fix that country. Amen and 2.2 percent say. I'm not sure. No matter what the poll is, is it Friday? I'm not sure. Whatever the question is, there's always that small percentage of people who just can't finger it out. And probably those are the people who get the love of these calls from when you think, they can't get the finger out. Although that old guy man, he's good. Maybe he'll be a regular with George L.Summer long. He can only pray. A man transporting his wife's severed head and a pickup truck, Christ, into an oncoming car, coming with one went down there. telling a woman under four-year-old daughter in voisiadojo. You impacts it the head flying out of the road. Oh no. Oh yeah. A voisiadojo is driving behind a low-foot time truck on a busy road when he noticed a man's erratic driving and then watched some Simon to the car police spokesman Lynn High-Tower said. Time, 51, was not injured. Told officers he was involved in his wife's death. After searching time-souse in Nampa, not Tampa but Nampa Idaho, never heard that in my life. And that's something new. After searching his house in Nampa, the police tombed he camped a body of 47-year-old Teresa time I guess her time was up and a car inside the gay rise. She likely had been dead for several hours now for police lieutenant Lee Roya Forzman said. An autopsy was scheduled next week to the internment Teresa times cause of death. Time was being held on two counts of secondary murder in the death of Samantha Nina Murphy 36 of voisiadojo and her daughter J. Lynn Grimes. Murphy's other daughter was injured was in stable condition at voisiadojo. It was one of the more horrific and complex crime scenes in memory high-tower said a woman in her child in the crash and a severed head from an earlier homicide it was nothing short of bizarre and tragic. Wow. I don't have any other goal. I'm Mr. Roya's finish. Yeah. I did. Oh that's just a replay. Scared to hell because if it gets to be screened, man they can roll up their stuff and go home. Roll up a few big fat ones and get out of there. Man. Look at that tennis rodman man. He's all whipped up. He's not too happy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I wonder if there are any people in the story here. Because what I'm seeing in Toronto because this is as an ethnic melting pot is that every day there's all these like when Portugal won a little bit of a countertimes to to us like some people bloody in the streets and so like in little Portugal. I didn't even know we had a little Portugal. Well I think we don't have me here. We don't have a little Havana. Socks. Now there's one block where I've known in this beginning, Glace Aki, but that's it. One block. But if you guys have naked news over there which is fantastic. We have naked news. Yeah. When was that? I saw on some newspaper station. I saw that there were in the streets of Toronto reporting the news topless. Get out of here. You're crazy person. That's what I saw. Right there and you know all about that? No. You need to look at the window, Mr. We don't have no naked news. Oh, oh. Three finish. What a go. I got it. Come in. Bring stuff to your heart. Back into this. This is bigger. It's a good job. Thanks so much. This is a good job. Super big, big deal. Go to the smallest part of it. So there was a naked news case on Toronto Channel. And first place, Mark. No, no. It wasn't Toronto Channel. They were talking about naked news and then they can use people were in Toronto. Well, I see. But they don't do the news here. No. Well, that's good. I'm going to have me for anyway. It's too long. That's the important stuff. See, try to change the subject. The I've recost just got a goal. So it's two months or needalons for those who are keeping very close track in this crap. And I do mean crap. 560560, pound 560, he Verizon, SIGGETER RIDE OF SLINE. WDQAM, hello. Dale. Soccer hotline, yes sir. Do you think it would be the key one last time because it's for his 87 minutes? Yes, that's the reason why. And actually, he's stuff for that somebody's back to whom's while I'm hearing. I think it was our win bag. Is the word, that's the rumor going around town. Wouldn't be the first time. 560560, pound 560, it's just win last night. They kicked, just kicked ass. So many. Guess it was at the baseball game last night. Norma can't, who keeps threatening he's not going to go because they don't put a competitive team on a field. He was there again. He said a Mason feel like he's back in the bathhouse. I don't really mean by that because he's sweating. Swen is brains out there. Must be hotter than hell. Must be 150 reason to shade. It is. Well, that's the way it goes. That's part of South Florida, 11 baby. 7662 announced for last night's fifth consecutive Marlin victory, 32 over to Braves. The Braves are suing. And the Marlins are making a move. You know, you were right yesterday. Now they're only 11 games under 500. If they win, 11 more in a row, they'll be back to 500. So you're going to have to know. No. In fact, probably this is just, when the Blue Jays come in and time is weekend, it could be pretty ugly for the Florida Marlins. I don't want to suggest to Toronto Blue Jays are really all that good. They ain't bad though. Now they're not half bad. Long division. There are only two games behind the Yankees. The Red Sox man are in the right division. I said, talk to me in a month from now. At least when they win, they know that they've accomplished something. As opposed to like being some little girls division, you know? Was anybody can do that? You're just like in just like Detroit Red Rings man. You saw what happened with them. Got exposed for playing with a, in the same division with St. Louis and the Chicago Black Cawks and Columbus Great Jacques. And it had like 20, it played 24 games against those three teams. They won 21 of them. Well, that's bogus. Maybe you don't see Detroit Red Rings in the finals as you do it. No. You see Edmonton and Carolina with that board game Christian Goli cam ward. But when I got called and told me that, now I was already rooting for Edmonton. But now, now I'm going to put, I'm going to nail a dead chicken on my door this weekend before I go away. And who's that Goli? I don't know what I mean. They tell me that. I think it's going to be a, I don't know what you're going to, you got to kick in a head there, didn't they? Yeah, he did. That little kick in a head. That's bad. That said, I've recost him and watch out for him. They're dirty. The pick up, what's in the mind of the play? It's not so easy. I played 40 minutes and 47 seconds of the first half, but it's net limelons too. And the coat dev la, the ivory coast. See, when you think of Ivy, I'll probably, I've been in Ivy, right? Right. I guess that's why they plumber Cardi and Stevie Wonder. Well, you think of Ebony and Ivory? That's basically what you've got there on the field. Isn't that interesting enough? Oh, yeah. Only the ivory coast is the Ebony team and the needle ends is the ivory team. Well, looks like a racial thing to me. 1241 at 560 WQM if you're a cigar smoker, like to kick back with a good premium brand. Then, behiasigars by Tony Burhani is absolutely for you. Absolutely. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, processed in AIDS for 10 years, but he is a real motique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold of flash if lying gets a 91 rating by cigar fish and out of cigar insider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored web balance full body, micro-log with cigar's got earthy hens and dark roast coffee, chocolate, spicy pepper flavors. Also, be sure to check out the newbie he had to say, oh, the hottest police cigar in last 10 months. It's so hot, you'll drop it. He gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of cigar insider. They say it was a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper. This is for real men, okay, like in man colder. The finish is long and full body with additional spice and an order charred wood. Maybe we could send one of these over to Anne and tour a diagram where to stick it. If you'd like to say 40% off on auger behiasigars, when you call this toll free number, tell me a Roger, tour to the call. They will save you almost half off the regular price, 40%. 1-800-35 behiasis, that's in number to call. 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is the real Roger, what's solid? This is 5-62-8-8. Now there the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, torture prison. We're so sorry. 10-US Rodman, we built stock and 10-US in 3-4-8. Your friends are so sorry. 10-US Rodman, our clever and easy time with serpents, to secure your domain. 10-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. Now feel traction, no divide, do. He's shakily 50% rushing to the chief. He has to deal with buying, very something else, he's future way to go. 8-2-3-8-R. Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball. 8-2-3-4-8-R. We tried it for a share in the total price. 10-800-35-B-A. We looked great, honest, they thought it'd be a share in total. 10-800-35-B-A. Every time he's working, you can see the total. 8-800-35-B-A. We tried it for a share in total. 10-800-35-B-A. 10-800-35-B-A. We tried it for a share in total. 10-800-35-B-A. Algorithms found, eating I'm sure I'll always try to do that. I'm not gonna get a 560 WQ. I'm sure I see that XM satellite has got the world cup. I'm sure I'll always try to do that. I'm sure I'll always try to do that. I'm sure they're glued into that world cup. I'm gonna pop up with them guys. They're getting a good broadcasting. Maybe McGalke gives us the excuse like Cuba doesn't have a soccer team in the world cup. Come here. Seriously, what's the excuse? I'll be out there and the America is a big one. Is Argentina. Cuban Brost, they don't want to go. They don't want to go. We don't do soccer. We do baseball. What does that mean? It's not a sport in Cuba. Cuban someplace soccer for winter or reason. Why not? I don't know. I'm from here, man. You're supposed to be the expert, man. I'm definitely not. Any and all things Cuban. You're supposed to be the expert. You say, oh, see now the nervous laugh. Everybody knows that. The whole audience knows that. That's what you want to do. That's what you want to do. The fact that I read bedtime stories about Fidel and Cuba all day, you'd be glued to that radio. You'd have it riveted to your back home ear. I know more about Cuba than I do. I guarantee that. I don't know anything about it. There you go. I know the aliens could live a lot longer with them. What is it? I was going to say a little some for you. I know you wanted to leave it to, but I have a little tag for you to record for when you're on vacation. I just thought I'd drop that on you now. What? And God's name are you talking about? You know, I've been here since 825 this morning. And I just got it. Well, yes, why? Yeah. Too bad. No. No, good. What do you mean you just got it? Well, I got news for it. I'll give you like 30 seconds. But 30 minutes. I got things to do, man. I got my vacation starts at 2 o'clock. And that sales department, please don't tell me this is for Brian Schmutz. Yeah. If anybody should know better, it should be him. If anybody should know better, he's been there a long time. He didn't go away for a little while. But he should know better than that. Well, he didn't bring it in. But yeah, who the hell did bring it in? Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, you're laying it off on her. I'm not laying off on any of you. We actually like her. Right. At least we used to until now. Well, we like Brian technically too. I'm just saying. And we did up until right now. Right now. Is this the Brandy's tag? That's right. Well, I'll tell you what's facts into me and I'll do it on the year. What's wrong with that? I've done that before. Okay. I don't have time to get ready to go. I'm going to get ready to go. You're not right to second it. I'm going to cross the facts machine. Yeah. The audience will understand. In fact, that'll give that'll be the product for Brandy's there. Great radio. We don't care about great radio. This is QAM. But it'll look around. We gave that up a long time ago. It'll let the audience give my heads up on what this special sales is going to be next week. And they can all rush into Brandy's right in early Monday morning. Now, the good idea? That's fabulous idea. So send that baby along right now. It's only like a 10 second tag. That's what I'm saying. Okay. So not a big deal. We'll do it on the year. God, you may give anything so complicated. I'm a two o'clock. I'm gone, man. I will be long gone. Just give me a head up when you're going to do that. That thing that happened yesterday to a clock by the way. I almost coughed up breakfast. That was so good. That was great. Do you remember that? No. What happened here? Oh, the, the, uh, are phasing of the to be going. Oh, man. He never saw this in stereo. No less. We had milk coming out of the right speaker. It loves to end even out of your rectum. Wow. That was good. 254 votes and her kids basketball's got five. Oh, that's not getting any better than that. What, what, one milk? How do we play the, this is the cramp from early. Okay. God. I guess it's like half time. Oh, there's like a good one in the Dutch guy again. Who hasn't made it to see by the age of 30, they have a good, ugly and real fat. And you're like all facial hair and they, Oh, they just get real slumpy and, hey, come down. Well, I'm just telling you, that's, that's the Dutch, okay? Okay. The Dutch. I'm in general. The Dutch. Do you want to do the tag now? You rolling it? Roll it. Here's a little. Huh? Go ahead, man. He'll heads up for the audience. It's a great time to buy spurry topside is this weekend brand. He's gold cup and tanned only. Originally $150 on sale for just $99. Coming to the store, visit online at brandesues.com. How is that? That was awesome. So, one take Neil, man. Carry it. Oh, actually, I can't do that. That's the Dutch we can't kind of be here. Okay, that's it, hear that. You see these things you make into a big problem. Oh, gee, you're better stick around. No, I'm not sticking around. Just stick it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's get 100 calls in here before I get out of here to a clock. Now that we got that tag out of the way. Another we got to the half time of the needle lines. I recose game. Two one for the Dutch for the old Dutchman in Stuttgart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5, 6 in the Verizon singular. Wireless line. Gildy and Mad Dog with talk all afternoon, man. They're going to be talking about it. You're going to be just, oh, emotional. Just clicking in your boat to series this tide of doosie. Doosie, doosie. Thanks to that smashing heat win last night. WDQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, Neil. I called because you reminded me about rich shots. Here's a go. WQAM is the first chat room. We used to call the Fort Waterdale line. And you could talk over the busy signal. And you met people that way. That way. That's it. Right. And I just wanted to say hi. I love you forever. Thanks, we don't. All right. You want to. I want to say hi. I'm talking on a chat line. They can't end it up. Well, all right. With Ricky Tiki. I'm off this morning. I need 25, but Joe Johnson gave me the wrong number. I sure will be. I sure hope he's man enough to pass the information along so that Rick doesn't think I shine him on the 50th year in the business. A real, a true survivor, Ricky Tiki, sure. I need to not cap us a survivor. Why, because that thing really stinks. Why, just send him an email. And email it where to his, uh, the magic email. Which is, I'll look it up. Get out of here. I don't have time to be said to know email. Now, what was that going to mean? He's gone for the weekend, man. You know what that's like? It's like it's like sending somebody a birthday card six months after their birthday. Well, you can explain first. They try to call him. I don't have to explain that. Listen, we got a few people still listening out there. He'll get the message. I tried to call it as one of Rick. Congratulations, baby. Joe Johnson's the anti-Christ. My God. I could say something about Joe Johnson. I'm just not going to say it. I think he should. And I'm not going to do it. It would have been a very bad taste. How did you QAM? Hello. You'd be going in the camera. Yeah. How did you QAM? Hello. Hi. I want to go and tell you that. For somebody who's in your pound five sixty blind, I can't go through it. The last week, and I got to say you're. Well, everybody else is going to drew it. Oh, well, Joe is bitch. You're bitch. We're going to. Okay. Hmm. Everybody else. Everybody else. If we had any other complaints about that, no. No, maybe he's not pounding it, aren't I? Yeah, maybe he's just not pounding it in the right place. That could be it. Let me be the first time. He's what I'm hearing. 12.56. We got some heavy duty programming over the weekend. We got the crow tomorrow before the Marlin game. Oh, my God. We got the big. And then we got the crow. That was the first pitch on Sunday. Get out of here. Yep. Against the blue jays. Why didn't they wait for Montreal to come to town? That's right. Montreal didn't have a team no more. I guess that's as good. At least it's a Canadian team anyway. That's where the crow made his bones. Wasn't it in Montreal? Make no mistake about it. Yeah. It comes out. Huh? And in Japan. Oh, and of course, in Japan, against some two foot tall widgets he was really good against them. I got to crow by the right here. Oh, boy. Here we get him on this weekend. It's quite a popular demand. I like that one. That's good. Four minutes to one. I've been telling you for a long time when the old mattress is finished. And you know, even the best mattress in a world will not last you forever. Especially with some of the heavy duty stuff you're doing on it. Call us. 12. Number 1. 100 mattress and believe you me. It'll be one of the easiest pieces of shopping you'll ever do in your life. I've been using these people for years. They will deliver that mattress and aid to our one of the you pick up. That's convenient for you. They have knowledgeable about any consultants and lots more. By the way, if you have any more new pieces of coffee, I'll be doing them on the year between one and two. And if you thought they're dialing 1,800 mattress on the phone with these each. Check them out on the web at nightfrist.com. Before you check out that magic one or two point seven website, check out this one. Nightfrist.com. Shop on the web anytime they were night with product details, prices and photos. It can check out online or even call the place the order and schedule the living when it's convenient for you. And guess what? They show up on time when you want them to. Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even. During those so called big sales, plus down a mattress off as you thought. Month financing. What could possibly be easier? Down a mattress has the complete line of all the top names too. They got silly and sort of came close. Some insteper paid experience and cost to you with. When you call 1,800 mattress, you get low prices on the best brands. Down a mattress ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction. And I guarantee I'll bet you. I'll bet you Josh's life on it that you'll find it's one of the best pieces of shopping every day in your life. That's how confident I am. That's Josh Darrell, by the way. So call 1,800 mattress. Leave off the last ask because it's in for a special savings. This is Neil Rodswreckos. This is 5.62A. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Absolutely. You've been brought by engine jet at the Uradings and giant. Well, I don't assure you what a big ass and I wish to hear it in half. You've done your good find somebody couldn't have done so my big he pants. It's an amazing. Great how changed all of the big coming back. I'm excited to consider we look way to the consumer. If you want to know what will send me from shut that transmitter to the ground, why that's easy. You've got all you need in small. Go to the airport, watch it in this small. I'm not going to wait. Go to the show, we'll go close. I'm sorry. I think you're about to play flat only that you're the guy. I'm waiting for the sound of this man. When radio have a remover, you'll see the guy in the middle of the road. And we can. All you need is no. No, thank you. All you need is no. And you need to breathe. All you need is a show. It's so close. Oh, no. Oh, no. You'll find a way. Check, hold me and give it a slap. Oh, no. Are you going to go to the point of me? I'm going to go to the second half now between the needle ends and I've recost. Anybody whipped up about that or what? Two to one, that needle ends with a neat orange outfit. So this is how my girl's going to explain to us about a Cuban's or don't play soccer. Oh, we're all going. But next break. Maybe it's too much of a manly sport like hockey, you know, too much physical content. Maybe it was Cuban athletes when they give like that close to each other's. They're getting really nervous and uptight. Well, it is a lot of running, you know. I was telling you this. Yeah, maybe it'll look too late here. I see. Maybe that's why when Castro took over. Maybe that's why only L. Pachino was running and Fredo. He really ran and I'm in a rock. I went to my girl remembers that. And Godfather, too, I'm in a rock. Remember here? Yes. You know, I can't go. Yeah, did like, huh? You remember that? Yep. I've been seeing Josh Cordes as you remember. And he claims to have lots of Godfather a hundred times. I don't believe it. And you thought twice. How could anybody who have ever watched a guy? And then you know what I would be like for getting this line? Do you know who I am? I'm all free. I've made my balls when you were going out with cheerleaders. I want to make them out of it, can I? Nobody forgets those lines. And nobody forgets for my and raw. Well, which kind of sport team are you most passionate about? Oh, my God. It's the passion that I. Twenty-one hundred and seventy-one votes. Dolphins 360 seven. I mean, that was an old brainer, right? Anybody knew that? Trimmerden 67. None of them. Trimmerden 35. Right on the Dolphins' ass. For it canes football, 163. Although if they lose a game or two, we'll get really better shape. They get really foaming it to mouth. I hate sports. 133. The heat. Uh-oh. The white hot, red hot. F**k. Heat. Dolphins only 87. Pretty weak. Panthers only 65. 5.1%. I don't even know. I have no idea why that franchise still exists. In fact, you know, some of them are going to guarantee right now. If they wouldn't have had that one fluke year that freak year and was a fluke, that that franchise would be long gone. Maybe playing in Piori or somewhere. The year of the rat. Right. If you're going to be for that, they'd be gone. You're on to it. What the hell? They've been living on that for a hell of a long time. And the memories are starting to get pretty dim now, you know? They're starting to get really dim. They should have stayed in the pink building. Nobody were losing their ass in there. Yeah. Wayne wanted the money. Don't you understand? So we got to build him in a arena and they sold a team of course. I'll give everything else. How's that plot-fuster? Park coming Wayne? You jack as you ball headed Potmark Geek. God, we hate you. Panthers is 65. Pretty weak. I hate this pool only 28 day likes it. Hurricanes basket. A baseball 15. And Hurricanes basket. All they'd like it. 20. Say, set day. Come on, they got it. Six. Say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It'll be 7 though. You'll see. But before 2 o'clock, we're going to bet 7th of for Hurricanes basketball. We don't want them to feel bad. Do we? I guess not. Never mind, a couch jumping in the depression dismissing. Tom Cruise is the world's number one star. Two fairy. According to Forbes annual celebrity 100 power list, which ranks famous for space on earnings and buzz. The buzz. I wonder if she still fees in the race, still buzzing at on channel 7. I guess she still is. I'm record dry. She's still there. She's gone. She's gone. She's gone. Is that true still on? Yeah. How about their recent show there on the middle of the afternoon? How's that doing? I saw him on CNN yesterday. Must have been accident. But somebody got hurt. Just like the one he had in front of the stadium. The less incentive of raining, trading tracks, the highest paid stars from the world's of television film, music and sports said, interliya Goldman. Oh, well, this year's rankings included in the show. And the show's ranking included in especially strong showing guy British stars, holy, moly. It's what kind of currency does the stars name have Goldman said. It's increasingly important to how they're perceived in both industry circles and commercial circles. And this those represent who has cash in both arenas. They got the old cash. But as a shot on goal, you see that? He just kind of like rolled in there. And the goal is to know a problem. You know, it's real exciting. That was very exciting. Man, it was a simpleating save. As Danny Gallauden would say only he's dead. Cruises the only celebrity tough list twice. I wonder if there's any hockey on my channel. I can't watch it more this crap. Let me know something happens. Oh, it's the Carter Cup finals. Anybody care about that? No. Got some task. Can be a basketball. At all. Our scored after the chaos miss. Selpix no forgetting the ball down forward in the hurry. A lot of way. Jordan. That sounds like Dick Stockton to me. Boy, see you ever pedantic. You know, I said, pedantic. Dick Stockton. Thanks to everybody. Very pedant. I don't mind. I don't like him at all. Now we got leaves lunch on now. So there's no hockey game. Maybe we got to replay a last nice basketball game on there. You think I'm wrapped your TV? Oh, there's Pat Rally. Side has for one another. I wouldn't doubt it because it was an innocent classic. What do you mean? Meaning like, you know, ESPN classic. Play a game. It's in all sports. And there's your three time and be a coach of the year Pat Rally. You know what he said? He said. He said. He took all the newspapers and dropped me the trash can. And it buys them now. He said you can take those heat and drop them to tag. I heard him say it. And he heard that. Anyway, let's get back to this very important list here. Okay. William Portante. You ready for it? I'm ready. He has won. It cruises the only celebrity in top to list twice. He was also number one in 2001. And he was also. You're fat in 2001. And still is. He's one of a few guaranteed bankable stars, Goldman said. No one in Hollywood can negotiate the kind of salary he gets. He's probably the highest paid day. Personally, I'll be in the world, I would think. With that estimated income of $67 million last year, cruise was not the top money or the discounting of our antics on Oprah. It's dismissive comments about Brook Shield's postpartum depression. And whirlwind that phony romance with TV homes made him more of the most talk about stars of the year. He's ranked he ranked 10th on last year's list. But he's back to number one. He's on top of the heap. He's on top. And of course, a lot of people are winning. Well, who's that bottom then? The British scored high with the Rolling Stones coming in second. Harry Potter, author, J.K. Rowling in 19th place. And Paul McCartney, Elton John, at 14th and 16. Elton John. You're fairy. American idol Big Shot Simon, Caledou, and listed number 29. David Beckham fell from 26 all the way down to 43rd. Speaking of soccer stiffs. And Kate Molleschate talked in at 77. Ireland's YouTube came in at number four. Ireland's U-4 came in at number two. Others from the U.S. included German from outside, the U.S. include German racing driver Michael Schumacher, Russian tennis player, Maria Sharapova, Brazilian football player, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldo. They just showed him on there and he doesn't want to play because he's out of shape and too fat. Supermodels had a clue of Germany and his album, Bunshin, a Brazil and Swedish golfer and E. Anika Sorinstum. Prenjero Forbes, Listerv, tops your host, O.F. or W.F. or W.F. or W.C. Clendon M.1 spot last year, dropped to number 3 in the latest ratings. The 225 million dollar sheet pulled in the corner for him to serve as the worst-to-use of the pain. All poor baby only made 225 million last year. How about a...you've heard of a faceless? How about a bodyless for that bitch? God. Talk about making a lot of no talent. She's the champion. There are other people who've gone far with very little talent, but I'm going to tell you. Oprah, tops that list. Is there any doubt? No. Although I've said you one thing, this hasn't got to do with talent because he's obviously a very brilliant guy. But Microsoft announced yesterday that Chairman and co-founder Bill Gates is transitioning out of a day-to-day rule to the company, effect of July of 2008. It's been more time working on his charitable foundation. In fact, if July of 2008... But I've reported it now. Yeah. Talk about a long goodbye. It's like that J. Lettle thing. Oh, J is going to be leaving in 2009. Wow. We should all this so long, you know. Winfrey's Wynfall pales next to Stephen Spielberg, a Spielberg's take of 332 million. He was the year's highest paid celebrity. He ranked number 6 on the 4th list. So not necessarily it's money and buzz. Who the hell's talking about Stephen Spielberg, right? Actually, we've talked about Stephen King and that awful movie we're talking about yesterday. What was it again? Sleepwalker. Sleepwalkers. Boys, that a piece of turt or what. Although I do like whatever his name is. A lot. At least I did then. Sadlight, radio star and subprofined King of all media Howard Stern was the second highest paid celebrity. With a poultry, 322 million. He played seven times the list up 20 spots from last year. So how he's got 322 million last year? Let's take up a collection when he's saying. Tiger was a put in a mere 90 million earnings ranked number 5. Besting fellow golfer. Phil Nicholson who plays the 18th. While taking my golfer starts showing up on his list. Any other words a big trouble. Rapper 50 said never made Forbes list before. But this year we can't do number 8 spot. Thanks to his top selling ringtones. His G unit clothing line. And record sales are more than 20 million. No other rapper made the list. And I bet you're going to be some shootings as a result of it. There's a lot of fluctuation Goldman said has to do with which celebrities. What they're doing and how much they're getting paid for it. The cast of these sopranos, which earned a total of 52 million for their seven season place number nine. Author Dan Brown who's mega best seller of the Da Vinci code sold a staggering 61 million copies. And spread the years more anticipated controversial film rounded out to top 10. Brad Pitt was number 11 last year. He drafted 20 in spite of his high profile relationship and resulting offspring with Angelina Jolie. Brad is dropping it. Jolie also made the list time for 35 place with Piss X Jennifer and Aniston. That interesting there. They're side by each. You see the way that works? Yeah. They got that French connection. Mel Gibson, oh my god, who tapped the list in 2004, Mike number three last year. Didn't even make it this time. Jesus, hey, Nick. Neither didn't Madonna who ranked number eight last year. Lance Armstrong, Will Ferrell, Julia Roberts and Lindsay Lohn. I'll play instrumental in last year. But this year vanished. Authorist, new to the celebrity 100, top side coward just killed McGrott 22. Actor Kiefer does several in the 60th. And you'd be quick to some American TV and radio personality Ryan Seekress. Do Ferrell 88. He was number 88. Nothing in Hollywood is completed. It says without Periscillment in the cool Richie. Help those number 56 in Richie. Number 95. And if I receive Periscillment again, it'll be much, much too soon. If I never see her, it'll be. No, I mean, sir. How's this game coming? Periscillment. I don't even show. I'll re-re-sharp. I can't believe it. The pocket rockets playing soccer now. And then we just said, I'll re-sharp. 1288. That's pretty great. You won't know why we're going to go over 1300 during the show. Mark this down. I think that's twice this week. And you won't know why? Why? No George. That's just a joke. Just now tell me we were taking shot. Yeah, tell him I took some. Do what you through one of the bus yesterday. I figured what that you said was something we need to grow test in trouble. Now, yes you did. You through right out of the bus. And we're saying how crowded is getting out of there. Fat boy, try to throw them out of the bus. You're bigger guys than you will try to throw Jordan on the bus and couldn't do it. So just give it up. Well, look at that. See if orange there man. Isn't that exciting? The thing is, they've been back to the net. So the full version of she'll be happy up here. Oh, no. Hi. You'll be happy up here. There you go baby. That's all you need to know about soccer. Soccer. Hey, if you love the finer things in life, then you love scobies. My miss quintessential cigar shop in Kindle. Which sounds like Florida's largest selection cigar. Stobies at Kindle is sure to have all your favorites. Stobies that over a thousand open boxes of cigars. They even pick from including a lot of your favorites. Our turtle Fuente, the drone, not a crystal. Rummy owns you at the end. Lots more. And a large slice of premium cigars. It closes out prices. And as well as the obscure and hard to find Stobies. Come at the Stobies today and enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from around the world. And be sure to join Stobies this evening and every Friday for their wine tasting five day in the PM featuring some of the most delicious burdoes that France has to offer. Located to 116 12 North Kendall Drive in Open every day, seven days a week. Be sure to say hi to Mary O'Neill and the girl Sandra and Yoni. They like having the names on your left. Hey Sandra and Yoni and Mary O'Neill and when you say hi you get a free cigar of the day. As it's Stobies, 116 pro North Kendall Drive. Call them to reserve a box of all your favorites cigars at 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 20. That's 305 5 9 8 9 8 9 8 20. This is New Roger. This is 5 16 2 8. 2 2 2. 2 2. 2 2. 2 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 3. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 1. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 5. I know it's too good. Oh! Oh. One third and three, watch it as attention, so you could cut it with a butter knife and this tennis man. I mean, it's so soccer. Really? I got some info for it. I'm looking forward. I have some cube of soccer before if you want it. 75 minutes in 42 seconds they played out of the 90 minutes in the course of the extra time. And you need to land still leads the ivory coast to the one yes. They do play soccer. They have a 16 team league. They're just not in the world cup because they didn't qualify. They lost to Costa Rica. Oh, see there you go. I see you don't know your Cuban stuff at all, man. You see this is quite a banner day. You walk around like you missed a cube or like you the expert. You probably never said foot in the country in your life. And you have not. I was not even born there. So what's on the you know about it? I don't. I never thought it would be like you'd be in the expert on Canada. You never been here. Yes, I have actually. Where do you have you been? I've the kid I went to Toronto. Really? Yes. Well, don't come back. I'm okay. Well, actually if you didn't come to Toronto then you can get our plane at Pearson Airport and fly right to the fan. How do you like that? Yeah, but then it won't be able to see my family ever again. Why is that? I think they'd be mad at it. Why the hell is that? So in other words, instead of listening to propaganda, oh, look at that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, my god. That was close call or maybe the ivory coast with the most is 40% pure. Oh, another shop. But that's going over the net. I'm almost actually starting to get interested in this and I know it's almost. Well, seriously, in other words, you wouldn't want to go and see what really is going on there. Go visit Ali on. Maybe you have a couple of sandwiches. No, no, no, no. I could have put on one of your guiaburas and go visit the Del, give them a little bit of an impoisoned cigars. No, I'm good. Okay. Well, there's your chance. There's your opportunity, man. I thought we just made you had a great idea for it. No, interesting going on. Then you could be the voice of authority. So they lost a course of Ika. Yes. And the elimination is what it is. And you're trying to say they suck. Yeah, Canada. Canada on the other hand, doesn't even have an national soccer team. We've got nobody there. And then it burrsing. Well, maybe the same thing happened. No, they didn't lose any. They don't have a team. There is no Canadian national soccer team. It doesn't exist. Is there soccer? A big part? Good. 80. You can't really talk about it. The reason they said for that is that soccer is basically for the, you know, and there are some exceptions. But it's mostly a warm weather sport because they got a practice all year around and half of the year. They got snow and crap and they can't do that. There's no, well, there's not, well, there's not, well, there's not grass out there. Get your indoor soccer on. And in other words, you know, you, all those Sweden's got to team. So what's the excuse for that? Sweden's in the crowd in much worse weather than we got indoor. And other Russian. That's what they were saying last night. They said that they got to start doing indoor soccer. That's exactly what they said. Well, you got your finger right on it. It is supposed to Miguel who he's just talking out his ass about Cuba. Never even been there. Never been there. Joy, what you've been in me. That would be like my giving information about Amsterdam. And everyone had been there. Where have you heard information about Cuba for me? That's all you talk about. Say, we're new and not even your wife is getting sick of it. She's tired of it. Cuba, Cuba, Cuba was Cuba. I got, I mentioned a highman roughing. What do we start going like that? Couldn't believe it. Get over it already. Get over it already. Get over it. Get over it. Get with the program, man. Hey, Michael was right though. What was that? The rebels were going to win. What did he just say? Oh, the rebels are going to win. Okay. See, there he goes again with this Cuban history. How come all those courageous people by the way are running away? 79 minutes into second seed. You think they would be good soccer players because they learned tender run real fast. They said, well, look like an admouby. They were running like a son of a bitch. Yeah, but they didn't know how to run back. That was the problem. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. But you this way, man, till all those green two takes videos till they go back baby then they're going to get to know what for. You just wait. That's coming. That's coming. He's got a bag. You know, sometime in the next 100 years. And then maybe we can get some politicians elective to the hunt and then they're going to have a kill the hunt and they count it again. And that piece of it. We're going to keep all these back in office. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 5, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. Maybe we get Johnny Jones back with some of the important bathroom fixtures to run the school board. WC, WAM. Hello. Not there. That's a shame. QAM, hello. QAM. I knew. Yes. All right. One week and I did it. Finally. You did it. I did it. You know, I agree with this about all the movie she liked. You'll make knowly you know, some pretty much right here in your case. Right. I just keep telling you about the Shawshank Redemption. Yeah. Neil, I'm telling you guy. It's a great. It's a must see movie and you're going to have a I have to be sitting right the other way. I know you bought it. I know you've got a vacation. I'm just saying, Neil, did check it out and I want to hear your comments when you come back. If you can. Okay. I'll just go ahead and tell you what the scale of 10. What would you give it? Honestly, because it really touched me. I'll say I'll give it an I made the half. Really? Yes, sir. That's a nice score. Even better than train spotting. Neil, you're going to love it. Hey Josh, it's dark. Send my love to Georgia. You guys soon. Peace out. Thanks, Pally. Thanks, sir. Oh, rhymes with it. So there is dirt case on our conventionally Shawshank. Do you want those things? Huh? It's a really good movie. I'll watch it. Did you watch them after your heroes yet? No. Oh, there's a shot on goal in the Dutch goal. He just might have a pretty East day. He's got to get you that movie and also standing in the shadows of Motown. That was a pretty weak shot in the goal in May to say, wow. See, that's a big news in soccer because there's so few shots on goal. It's like when the Chicago Blackhawks are playing the same with blues. 81 minutes and 13 seconds, boy. It's starting to get really tense now. And then we get to that 90 minute mark. And they show us that little vingled Barry on there. It's got the extra time. And we find out how much time is to time it got from like injury time. And my, oh, you're that, Netherlands has got seven shots. And the Army coast has got 15. Wow. That is heavy duty man. 15 shots. That's all the shots from what I see. Not for that painting attention is crap. But you know, if you want to be a member of the world, you've got to pretend to be interested in this crap. Just remember that the world is all about crap. 1335 votes on our pool and hurricanes basketball, speaking of crap, still stuck there on seven. This is real rubbish. Next you want to say, what's in the box? 10, 10, 10. All the crappy con rap, all the slime, all the time. I'm like the molest. Every time he's being hit the way John wants to speak. Once the day comes, and cover it, the sleep's renegade. Renegade, renegade and turn. Renegade and curse he wants to make new or leave too soon. And I don't care what people are saying. Like as he checks in. We have black people. His diamonds are the dark. Show the god his man. He compares the most to low-aleigh walk-off. Shot to make it. Yes, renegade. Renegade and curse he wants to make new or leave too soon. This crap was the concept of death. This time was the rebuild of New Orleans. The one that should be uptown or wherever they are. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate in the wall. He never takes the dream. For anything he says. Shot to make it. At the end of the day, that John brings in some coffee and a ball of wine for theirs. Renegade again. Renegade and curse. Renegade and curse. Renegade and curse. Renegade and curse. Renegade and curse. You can't have New Orleans no other way. It was the end of the day. It just wouldn't be as dumb without Renegade as the mayor. I mean, whatever happens to them, that's the deserve it. Because they had a chance to get rid of this bozo. And they would be elected. So whatever you people and no one will get you deserve it. They didn't want it. No other way. Well, there you go. Wouldn't have been the same. It wouldn't have been his incompetent. And his stupid. And of course, keep in mind, he was the one that told him all to go to the auditorium there. And a al-Wala and to the stadium. These stupid don't. And then let me take stuff like that. He's just totally in companies. A bozo is a moron. And so we got reelected. See, this is what you deal with when you deal with the people in vote. They're like a death wish. 80, 8 minutes and 31 seconds. And the clock is tipped. Tipped it. Tipped it. Ticking along. By the way, the letter. Yes. You guys did fail to make the world cup. Oh, can't do this. Have a team. Yes. There's a men and women's team. There's a whole soccer. Go to leesauk. Go to leesauk.com. They stink. It's not a high priority here. Okay. When you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got it, when you got you know, all these tributes to the late great, curler's sandwich, merler. And important things like that. Plus we got playoff's going on. Maybe we got the, uh, and then to the oilers. And you have to care a lot on hurricanes with born again, golly, can't more. But I just, I can't get over that. We're nearly agnourist stuff like that. But that just crossed my ass. Tussies ugly. Anyway, how many votes we got on the pool? We got 89 12, which means there's only like 46 seconds now left and regulation. Then you get the extra time. But the ball is weighed on there and the ivy-coast asked him. Way in the corner. And you see how he's stalling there? Do you see that? And then he finally kicked it off that guy out of bounds. And a clock is ticking, ticking, ticking. Just stupid. It's a stupid sport. See Canadians don't participate in the stupid sports, like curling and stuff like that. No matter all. Tell me to kill a game. Hello. Tell me to kill a game. Hello. I like the sound of that tone. Q.A.M. Yes, sir. Good shot. How are you, Neil? OK. I heard you were talking about what I came into the market and this, you said a person, you know that stuff. Rick. Yes. Holy cow didn't sound like you would all go. You sure fake me out. No, I was trying to call you this morning with Joe Johnson's an idiot. Well, I'm sure glad you got in because I felt bad. I'm not having colors and colors. I'm busy to chat with you. I don't take any calls because it could be somebody I don't want to talk to. In your case. Well, I thank you so much. I appreciate your congratulations, my friend. I'm so glad we got together, man. When you do we all, I do everybody a favor and watch that cat. I'm going to get a new one and honor of you. How long is it? It's around. It's generally lasted six or eight months. I'm running for the first one. I'm like you caught in the ring, you know. Six or eight months? Yeah, sure. I'm Rick. That one I saw you at a dolphin game ten years ago. You were in the same one. I can see it all the way up here, man. I'm the next one. I'm going to save and send it over for you. So you came to mind me. Well, because I read jikas comic and I'm glad that he gave you because you deserve it. But you know, it was still convoluted about when you were here and when you went there. When did you have to go? I actually have a just graduate for high school and I think that my English teacher was a part-time weekend DJ. If this was 251 thing that was a way, I'm ready to station and you can say. Well, maybe graduate from high school and 56 or four years older than I am. Not that we're doing ages or anything. I'm just thinking. Well, I'm 67. I'll be 68. I'm over. You and I will meet at the early bird. One of these days. I'm sorry, man. You and me and Hank will meet at the early bird. Okay. So then you came to mind me and what year? Same to my amy and 1960. I was on the year and he said we were a couple of years. Went home on a plastic KLA. I went to Denver for about three months. It was to damn pole. Came down here in 1960. What is now IOT? We thought you see KR back then. And went to QAM in 63 and like that. So it was around 60. So it was 46 and a half years here. I guess since I don't have it anymore, it was called a Wacard twist. We've got it on a cart somewhere. Oh yeah. She got it. I've got that somewhere. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's going way back. Yeah. Go back as it in years. So we both worked at WIODs. It's had different colors when you were there. Exactly. Yes. And here it is. You'll love this. This is it for you. Okay. Everybody's doing the WCKR twist. Oh my god. That's a WKR twist. Oh my god. That's a WKR twist. How's that? Well that's a fuselage. That's a big back to memory. It sure does. Yeah. Well that was one run. It has been a year still doing it man. I had last week going in the Belmont. You know, I do the thing with Dave Johnson 310s here for the people from the University of Coulson. Yeah. And I said today, I said, you know, he, I was thinking about what you would call him. He's legendary. You know, as far as race colors are concerned, right? Yeah. You know, a jerk in his legendary and Dave Johnson. And in the radio business, at least in South Florida, you are legendary. And make no sense. Thank you. You like to say, I outlasted anybody. It was fortunate enough to be at the right station at the right time. And it's all kind of worked out. You know, so God bless. I. Anybody who can survive 50 years in that market man. I just, I tip my cap 2 if I had one. Well, thank you very much. The light, I appreciate it. And tell Joe Johnson to get with it. I know he's in that depression. Okay. Many more work. Thanks to him. Take it. Okay. How do you like that? That was incredible. It all worked out. That was sensational. Oh. Because we're just, you know, picking up the calls. I mean, he goes to lazy to screen him like everybody else does. Yeah. That's not a thing. Hey, out of the people in this room, I have. No, he actually really fake me out there. I did usually when he calls in our recognizes voice. But I had no idea who that was. Oh, we're in time at it now in the soccer game. We did nice talk up. You know, where he's known for his great talk. I gotta tell you, I thought the best was when he told you he was a rich shot. And then after he's told it to you again, then you went, all right. You know, right. I mean, we had to hear him the first time. Yeah, you did. I was busy one. Listen, there's a lot of drama in the soccer match, man. I don't want to get distracted. I know. But some guy with a silly camp. For the roots is in the splinter. I just got a few times. Oh, no. They have the chance. And the, they're like, Jimmy. Come by really quiet a second ago. They're going to be a great way. We're going to be a good one. But that's your dinner. But that's all over. Finito, babe. What time are you here today, huh? The Dutch have done it. They've won. They're at the Dutch are doing a lot. They're going to be going home. I don't think the Dutch do all that much is most of the tourists who are busy doing. They're going to run to the London Sex. They're going to go to the London Sex. The Dutch are busy trying to find a good meal. I'm believed me without too much success. So that was really a good try and throw this thing away. Joe Johnson's an idiot. And all my best to my good friend Dick Findler from Pompito Park with us stabbing the back. But you know, it goes with a, it goes with life. You do a really good job and you go out there and everybody likes you and says, hey, great job. And I'm paying what you least expected. He'll be okay. Hold on on a speed. But there's a guy that the human looking guy from, I'll put your shirt back on. Please. 1. 52 of 2 AM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. 6. Oh. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. Forgiveness of loved eminent Please President You have been helping him Are dudes making forgiving Singing more No he's nothing I can still hear you High consonants This road is rich yet Go back home easy, but Other than me, you're Please, President, don't You don't care what it's all You got a man by hook or throw To the Christian road No one else, you and I Have a happy day We've got a great leader With President's up We're going to be a good guy We're going to be a good guy We're going to be a good guy He's got like, look at Blaston He's a very scary guy Make no mistake about that Anyway, you realize how old for two minutes That was? You probably didn't hear Rick in the beginning When did he say that? The very beginning of the call to return He said, hey, Neil, it's Rick Oh, I didn't hear that And you thought it was a crack No, I didn't think it was anything I didn't hear him say that Listen to me, let me just say it right now Do you really believe that like in the last hour I'll wait nine months for this moment I think it'll last hour That I'm really paying attention to these calls When I pumped him up As long as he was making the final tubes in the transmitter Glow and making any kind of a sound That's all I cared about I was paying any attention Maybe we'll be moving now And who would pay attention to most of the calls We get anyway, right? Right But the most interesting part of that thing Is go to show my psychic powers again Because that was pretty much going to be the last call I was going to take today And it was like all line lines What I say, all line lines line lines We're flying at that point And I punch our flying tube You see that? Look at this gove It's like magic man It's that psychic power again If that could only work at woodbind If I could find a good machine I'd be loaded Speaking of loaded man We're going to be loaded with It's good for hours And hours And hours Make sure to stick about Final score needle ends too And those other guys won Bye bye bye