So what do you say, show or no show? Huh? How about if we flip the coin? Show or no show? A. It's 10.01 and 5.16.17. Q.M. And what a job George did this summer. A.K. What a job. Okay. You're sweet. Oh yeah, that's true. Like sugar. But you know what they say? You'll rot your goo! George R.E. is no good. That's what they say, but of course come to find out. I think you're still where number one in the summer book, which is mostly you. And the rest of the space was in the crapper, baby. We got walloped in the morning by those idiots across the street. We got walloped. I'd two of the numbers away. I don't want to look at them anymore. We're number 18 in the morning and then after the drive and number one in midday. How do you like that? Wow. What do you think the reason is for that? Uh, just luck. luck. The fact that we don't talk sports enough, maybe that's what it is. Oh, can't be that. Bad news. We got a celebrity death. Oh, and another one of those old trolls you're always talking about. Yep. Takes an old troll to no one. Jane Wyatt is dead. See how it affects you down 100 years ago. By the way, you already talked about bad last winter passing away. So yes, there's not much point in my repeating it. Actress Jane Wyatt, the prototypical housewife and mother in the television series, Father knows best his die. She was only 96. Oh, a veritable child. Wife died Friday of natural causes and her sleep. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, she was 96. What does he die of? Old age, okay? Jesus God. A died of natural cause and her sleep at her house in Beller, California for your God daughter and publicist, Meg MacDonald said for God daughter. And another research to think is a God daughter, but I guess it does a God father. And a God daughter. That's a God daughter and a God mother. So enough. Yeah. I'm a guy. That's crazy. They'll come. And mother. Before taking a role in the TV series, Wyatt had already established yourself as a television pioneer, Civic is toast to the bell telephone hour, even I don't remember that. Maybe chicken neck does I sure know. Robbola, it's probably got it on tape. Oh, I'd by the way, we ever seen chicken neck and Bobby right down together. Same person. But Bobby has a come over. I don't think I've ever seen Bobby right down. Well, recently he's doing an informational for the time life. What do they call the, uh, uh, a mall shop. There's something shop at the mall shop. Anyway, whatever it is, no one was time life series. Haven't bought him yet? No. But it was your co-starring role with Robert Young on Father knows best that can't have all the dirt to start him and later to become the first consecutive winner of the Academy of Healthy Arts and Sciences Emmy Award. How do you like that? A little piece of trivia? Uh-huh. When you go on a Mike's been delish on to do some trivia? Oh yeah. In the late 60s, you appeared in that episode of Star Trek as Fox Mother, a role should be pre-186 in the voyage home of Star Trek movie. How do you like that as Fox Mother? I don't know she had the ears for it. Done. Spot's mother to human. I see. She active in great expectations in 1934, lost to rise in 37, none but the lowly heart in 1944, gentlemen's agreement in 1947, Task Force in the voyage home of 86. And it goes on. Nobody cares about change. Actually 96 she was and she's dead now. Who? What about Robert Young when how did he grow? He's been dead a long time. I don't know. Simply. Here's George's pull from Friday. What a job George did. That's put him on again right now. Sure. Sure. What do you mean by that? It's your turn, baby. No way. Wait. If it's enough. I'm stepping aside. Yeah. Yeah. You get to hear the show for free today in tomorrow. And then what? What? They're charging. We're streaming on the internet for free today in tomorrow. And Wednesday and Thursday, Friday, too. I didn't like that. Oh, right. Yeah. How about those? Nice. The mixed-same and error is roughly drawing to a close. Huh? I've actually been giving faceless in locker room. Try to tear up the complexion of the team. Well, I got a little zip problem there in order to stand. I got a bunch of zip heads. Boy, they really suck. For just a second there in the last couple of months is a game. They gave that little, and I noticed there was an awful lot of people in the crowd disguised as orange seats. Yeah. I saw that, too. Wow. A sea of orange, not just in the upper deck, which is, you know, to be figured with the nosebleed seats. But I saw a lot of orange. I dropped him a little. I thought he was a baby. I thought he was a baby. I thought he was a baby. He meant it had to watch too much of that because they beat little girls team to the bills. And how about those? Hurray, K. Of course they had. Of course, now let's see. Did you talk about that at all? Cause you're a non-sports person. That's what Boe Cambra says. You're the anti-sports guy. Are you talking to me? Yeah. That I talk about what? The dolphin flew that embarrassing. No, that embarrassing brawl with the last weekend with the U.M. and F.I.U. No, we played a comedy bit about it. Well, count what. What the hell was funny about that? That was at the disgrace. Hey, Donna, shallady, you're at the disgrace, honey. You can't spell scum without U.M. Man, that was a piece of crap is what that was. But anyway, they just squeezed by Duke at a course Duke is 07. They then knew he lost that game. Well, we had 18 starters suspended. They had 18 players suspended. How do you have 18 starters? Well, it could be non-offensive. And pretty offensive, V.S. Me. Here's George's pool, 69, 35 votes. What's storied, did you never believe? Well, there's all kinds of story. Yeah. I think there were industry. Let's a lot out too, but those are the big ones. The one about O.J. being innocent, 630, you'll be pleased to know, since I'm not going to panterly use the people that only care about celebrities like Madonna. It'll be pleased to know I have to do inquire in my hand right now. Oh, good. And guess what the top story is in here besides Brad is called with a hooker. O.J. confesses in a tell-all book. And guess 3.5 million dollars in English is a compass. Well, it's what it's called if I did it. Yeah. If. And that's subtle. Yeah, if I did it. Anyway, nobody believes you're going to, since 638, 39% of the audience said that they never believe that. But what about the WMV's 309? The one about Bush being a Christian 200. The one about Husha Kennedy, what 39, and that magic bullet that Ireland spectres always are writing about. The one about God. There. God. He's 6 to God, Bushman. The one about the Easter Bunny 66. What about the two theory? I dare to forget about that. The one about the plain hitting the Pentagon 64. The one about Jesus 46. The one about Flight 93. 34. The one about Jessica Lynch 29. And the one about Sandy Claus. 24. See, that's a nice place because there's a little kid you're going to. And your parents lie to you like crazy. And they give you all the God bullet, Schmidt and the Jesus bullet, Schmidt and the Santa Claus bullet, Schmidt and the two-three bullet, Schmidt. And by the time you're all going to have to try to figure out what those go on, your brain is overloaded with Bushman. Man. Oh man, I can smell them. There's a Georgia's pool. You know, the thing that amazes me and I want to, you know, what's the point? There's a nice bonus coming on our expected. I was sitting there plunging my lungs of woodbun on Saturday morning and all of a sudden, I get a message on my blackberry. And it's from Clarence. And he's got the numbers for me there. We're trying to forget all about it. You know, there's a number of them. Me too. They came in like, what a Friday morning or something. Hey, you got the book to it. I expected. And that's because he never comes in and says, oh, by the way, we got numbers coming in on Friday or whatever, you know, because he sucks. By the way, nice job, Clarice would add sports thing and also to Joe Bell, man. I'd say, you guys would have waited any longer. We could have had a minus in part of the numbers during those sports segments. Oh, seriously. And the guys across the street thanks to that fan of August, man. They spanked our ass in a morning, big time. The truth. The excuse being that we were making a big transition during last month, or we. That's right. When did the Canadian Bosho and Madalgo do two and a hundred back in the afternoon and the power hour and the big shower went up. That's starting getting a September. I think it was the end of August. August 28th. I believe that's what I'm clear. So that's an issue up in this. Or yeah, it did show up at only a month of it. Whatever that means. That the car says the monthly is will be coming in like he can't extrapolate that himself. This is a program director. This is a simple demand. This is an idiot. He can't extrapolate it himself. He's got a way for it to come in on the computer. If you're keeping track of these things month by month, you can, and idiot, monkey could do it. A chimpanzee or just a regular paenzye. Clarissa, that should cover your territory. God. Seriously, what kind of crap is that? He's got a way to who wants to know, you know? So anyway, you warned, I think you warned him a little bit late though. Well, I warned him like the second day they were on the air. George Ward, Kenny, the other day about don't let them destroy your show with that sports crab. And there was Volcan per evidently, do you have some kind of a mole off there in a hallway over listening? Or do you hear it? Or do you hear it? There's a role in milling about out there in the hallway. But what? I don't know. I don't know. I've got a nice sports crowd in there. They're go listen to anything they say, Kenny. You see, and they gotta get folk camp for up there. Show, he's the one that's killing him. He easily excused for turning it in another Dan's Sports Show. We don't want to hear a Sports Show. I don't understand. I'm mad dog. We want to hear and Hank. We want to hear. Not because they talked about sports because it's them. Okay? What kind of a simple thing wants to hear the same people talking about the same stupid ass games. They after day, hour after hour. I'm telling you, you've got to be a crazy person. Notion? Oh Josh is all with the business team. Just when I looked, I turned that game off. I thought you guys blew it again. And actually you did, but then bailed out with that 62 yard fuel roll deal. I couldn't believe when I saw the final score. I thought he had no chance to make that. And I missed it. I would've enjoyed seeing that. Because I was rooting for Africa. Well, maybe they're actually going to win a game. And then again, again. Again, they blow the game there with the seconds. What was it? You were on seconds left? Yeah, they're infamous for that. We weren't kind of a crappy kickoff. Was it by the Eagles anyway? You must have had a pretty good runback. No? Well, I didn't get the game, but they switched to it at the end to show us the fuel. You didn't get the game? No. Wasn't on TV? I don't have the package. You don't have a package? Well, not explains a lot. I think I'm going to get me thinking about that for a while now. But I read on there last year. Yeah. About stuffing his f***ing. Anyway. You're lying. You're just turkey. I'm Thanksgiving. That's what that was about. Just don't start. Will you please? You don't start. Man. Facialed my ass. Can that actually be done? October has become the deadliest month this year for your strip sliding in the Wack. What I was going to say, and you interrupted me, is it's just amazing to me. I don't want a stuffy stupid old turd. Nobody cares about anything. You said dealer no deal. And we stuck out there on Survivor Island. How can this continue going on in a public is like, eh, like that? How's that Madonna baby thing coming? You know what you're talking about? The war, the Dalton. I'm talking about all these dead people. Oh, yeah. I'm going to die and based on a pack of lies. And an anti-policy says, oh, well, if the Democrats went control a Congress impeachment is not on their agenda. Right. As one of the reasons maybe the Democrats are a full of crap. But you'll meet me jellyfish, man. October has become the deadliest month this year for your strip sliding in Iraq and has also been reported spike in the number of killings of Iraq He's the Vatins. I want to fetch the same spike as on passions, which I don't watch anymore. U.S. military yesterday announced the death of the U.S. Marine and the soldier in Iraq on Saturday bringing the military death toll to 80. And today's only the 23rd. Three other Marines died Saturday and Anbar. Fravizico's on and other just as a numbers on a page. That's all. They're just numbers on a piece of paper somewhere. And nobody ever really is all whipped up about it. Based on a pack of lies, weapons and mass destruction and regime change all this other crap. When we're going to start having the first elections in Saudi Arabia and Jordan, right. You're going to have elections in a Kuwait and speaking of the pack. He's, why I got a story about them. It's going to like a situ free. They're making all kinds of deals with the Taliban and al-Qaeda. They never had a bunch of terrorists they didn't like. And of course, remember that the pack he scientists it was busy dispensing nuclear secrets to North Korea and Iranians. Everybody who had the right amount of cash right. And they spanked him a little bit. And now he's under house arrest and live in the life of a Riley. 1014, what's that schedule look like today? Man, I see once a new schedule starts, so we're going to turn the corner. But it already did. The biggest thing. So the best talent. The biggest number in the world. What is that story? What kind of an upreset? Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. So, please. Oh. Oh. I'm Florida Congressman Mark Foley. If you're a young man between the ages of 15 and 18, I'd like to talk to you about Foley's friends, congressional outreach program. Foley's friends is a program that gives teenage boys a hands-on approach to learning about government. They'll learn the nuts and the bolts of working instantly with a congressman staff. Follow by a thorough debriefing. Successful candidates will learn about politics. Like running a campaign that's down in the polls. Imagine the thrill of bringing that pole back up again. So apply today and using one hand, I'll email you all the details. Foley's friends, congressional youth outreach program. I promise to leave no teenagers behind. See, that's the kind of crept that everybody gets whipped up about as you know Marlowe is. And the priest, the Catholic priest, who mysteriously wound up in Malta over there in the Mediterranean. Wonder how they got over there. They weren't moving him around, you think? Anyway, he says he thought Mark Foley enjoyed it. He liked it. So what's the prayer? What's the prayer? Anyway, here's the pool today. I got a Charlie Krister here from the New York Blade as in the gay blade. When I tell you that somebody is trust me. Okay, takes one and no one. Some of them are something you would never listen to on radio. They were pulled in. We got 913 votes. We'll have 1000 by the end of the R or maybe. And then I can go home. Look at that college students getting up to 8 pounds in the first year. Some of them, I'd like to help them work that way. See, one thing, one thing, good piece of news for you. You young punk, like you guys. One of you know it, but Joshua discovered. And that is see, some people think that as you get older, you lose your little be-do and you become less-based forever. Yeah. The fact of the matter is, as you get older, you get worse. Sure. You get horny and horny and like you see people that really look good. And you just want to reach out and grab them. Which is probably not a good idea. I do. But boy, just see some people they all man. I got to have that. Anyway, what's that all about? 913 votes on the poll. Some of them are something you would never listen to on radio. Religious program 320. What do you expect from our human crowd? That's good. Rush Limbaugh 206, which is kind of religion in self-as it. Of course, bring school and lockdown over suspicious device. Every school they have been placed in a precautionary lockdown. A suspicious device has been found there. And as you can see, there appears to be a robot-like device that is approaching what we assume to be the suspicious device that's small item from sort of cartridge that's there on the school playground. Now, according to the lead. The package is suspicious package. Looks like a tube. Wait for great duct tape. I think that just to the right of the robot and just to the left of that weight of a weight paint mark there. It was there on this playground with their calling a basketball court area at the Rambalwood Elementary School in Poland. Oh, it's great. Now, suspicious something. I would remember what it was. Did you really? I did. Well, there's your package. You're just saying a little while ago. You're looking for one. I did an idea of exactly what this device is. An ice-yers' LM. Not evacuated the school as of yet. Again, this breaking news coming into us just now. Breaking news. All large. We're in elementary school. The Rambalwood LM. Okay, we'll keep our flying land. Right to them, Bob, two, oh six. Hip hop music 100. Who knows what listen to that? And I sure wouldn't. You couldn't tame enough to listen to that crap. Bill O'Reilly 82. And you know, you had a lot of company because nobody else has listened to his radio show either. At least not on South Florida. In fact, most people loy even know it's on. George Rodriguez 55. How can you say that? He kicked ass this summer, man. And this last week, I'm sure he was like kicking big fat and smelly your ass. Do you know what? George Rodriguez. No good. 55 said it would never listen to you. Well, screw that. Sports talk 44. I listen to you before I would listen to sports talk, which isn't saying much. Country music 43. I hate this poll only 23. Air America 20. What do you make it your wish? You know, Al Franken making $2 million a year. And if you want to cry. And South money. Jazz 10. Classical music 9. Public Radio 2. And the year Roger so far. I guess even for this guy, to be too embarrassing to vote for me since it's my show. And my poll. And your website, you little dishonest, maybe. No, not necessarily. I'm sure we got people trolling on our website who hate me and the UN all of us like poison. And it's probably doing like a stick and pins in a voodoo bell right now. Oh, man. A toned out GOP candidate for Florida governor. And what I mean, everybody knows it's like Miss Foley. Everybody who knew anybody knew that Miss Foley was. Yeah, yeah. We didn't know about those emails and about that stuff. Oh, Daniel Smith's funeral by the way, was held six weeks after he died. Anybody care about end of the call? Oh, good. In 1985, Maxwell and participated in the three month program called Leadership St. Pete that focuses on grooming future leaders in business and politics. One of his classmates in the program was Charlie Christ, who is offload as attorney general and the Republican nominee for governor. He's going to be your next governor by the way. And it's the bad news. Lynn was running against Christ on the reform party ticket. Said that we'll only about 20 people in that 1985 class. So you got to know everybody said class rhymes with ass. You can't spell class without ass. According to Lynn during the course of conversations with Christie learned that the future attorney general either was gay. The two talk about what would happen if Chris, sexual orientation comes up during a political campaign. Lynn kept quiet about Chris's supposed gay secret for more than 20 years until he launched his third party. Good for governor. Then on our top where you live at National coming out, they Lynn outed Chris on WFTL, a South Florida radio show. Charlie come out from wherever you are Lynn said on the radio show. Chris is repeatedly denied rumors that he is gay when my new radio host the gross test Jim de Fetus asked Chris to be was gay in July. Chris responded to point is I'm not. There's the answer. How do you like it? Not to say anything wrong with that is they say on sign tell. But it just happened not to be said. Guess what? In January 2005, Chris denied rumors that he's gay during interview on WK, a country music radio station in Tampa. But you never heard the Lynch mob in Loots. And once the other place temple terrace. During the interview, Dave McCake co host of WK's Randy and Dave Show asked Chris, are you a homo? Chris responded no man. No I love women. I mean they're wonderful. Chris 49 was merged for 7 months to 1979, but otherwise has lived a single life. Repeated calls Chris campaigned. And if you last week, Lynn stood by the statements he made about Chris on the radio show. He said it was a registered Republican for 20 years before recently switching to becoming independent. He said it contributed money and did volunteer fundraising for two of Chris's past campaigns. Including his unsuccessful bit for the US. In 1998, Lynn claimed the Chris sexual orientation is an open secret in Tallahassee. Much like folly is was. In my opinion, it's widely known throughout the Republican party. And the Chris is gay. Why have you known throughout this audience? Two of us have been talking about free for a long time. Haven't I been telling you that? Just like I did about Miss Foley? 100 years. And they don't listen to me. You know, no matter what they all I say, it's like, oh yeah, that means I was really funny. I'm going to say, hey, how many things everybody is gay? I know you're the one that says that. You're the one always saying that. Right, 933 votes. Who have I ever accused of being gay who's a hetero? No, I think 81. Gay people think that everybody's gay. And they just wanted to admit it. Maybe it's swishful thinking from talking about. I never did watch this speaking about. I never watched either one of these Spider-Man. You still want to, I'd rather you that you watch. What's it called? Maybe that I keep trying to get you to watch. Not sure if that's your list of my some men. Is James Franco in it? No, no, no. Just good actors. 26. Are you saying he's not a good actor now? Just because he was pretty good. He's a fine actor. That's all of my story in good stuff. Just to piss you off, I'm going to watch Spider-Man. I'm not going to watch your mice and men. I'm not going to watch Schindler's list. I'm not going to definitely watch. What's that prison movie? Shot. Shot. You sure? No. It's good. 27 past 10 and 5. 60 QM. I've been doing business with our friends at Lou Backroach. I've really for over 20 years. I've actually bought about at least 50,000 cars over there. Nothing I would have sent you. In fact, I got two beautiful corvets from them right now. And I love them when I'm home to drive them. Which I was not too many days ago. There are service. There are salespeople in selection cars or top-notch in their prices. Cannot be beaten South Florida. A guarantee they've always taken great care of me, which is why I always go back to them. You can get that same spectacular treatment just like I've been getting for over 20 years now at Lou Backroach. And right now, it's Lou Backroach. You're released race to a thousand for the first time in its history. They have the largest selection of new and used cars including the Hot New Corvets. The ultimate sports car. Try taking it for me. Trots SUVs and minivans anywhere around. They've also got used cars starting at 39.95. Everyone backed by a car fax guarantee too. Lou Backroach is out to sell a thousand cars this month and they're still staying open until midnight. Air overnight to get to that thousand number. Forget the price. Make them an offer and they'll beat any deal. More money for your trade. 0% financing. We've rates of up to 6 grand. Whatever it takes to make you a deal and offer you can't refuse. Only at Lou Backroach, here we lay with two great locations for you. They're in POPPOBJ, a quarter mile west of I-95, not far from POPPOP, by the way. And a coconut quick on 440, one just has the sole grass expressway. Don't forget Lou Backroach staying open till midnight. Air overnight. So get your ass over to Lou Backroach right now. Get the best deal you ever heard of in your life on a new Chevy. You can't be that anywhere. Or check them out on the wicket web at Lou Backroach.com. And of course you want to be a Spollat. B-A-C-A-S-R-O-D-T. Got it? Got it? Lou Backroach.com. The biggest name. So the best talent for the business. We'll rock our sports radio 560. Oh, in the old man TV-Y-S-U-C-A-S. Here's yours. Huh? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? Oh, what do you want? You're pitching back to the sofa to be around a play-in-yard. Oh, what do we look like at that. all the tigers for that matter. Oh, I don't want to, that's a question. I'm a rambling warrior by the Great Bob Terrident, I'm sure you don't. Nope. 1033, 27 before the hour, 560 WQA, and here's those numbers again, I'm sure George went into a great length on these on Friday night. Spend at least five minutes on it. Well, men, 2554 are our most coveted demographic. Six A.M. to midnight, overall. Look at QM with 13th, we dropped from, look at that, to 10th. And Waxy, the ticket was, went from 25th to 20th. They're on the move, thanks to that bogus August. I mean, they're really doing it. In the morning, oh, Jesus, God Almighty. QM went from a two points, now these previous numbers, and those in the spring book, is that what that means to the summer book, is that what we're, that is correct. In the spring QM had a 2.6 in the year, and men in the year, and then there were 2.1 in the summer time. From number 15, number 18. It's our spot. Oh my God. Waxy, on the other hand, the ticket went from a one-five, that's your rose, a little dog, to a two-six, two-six to a two-one. They kicked our ass. 11th. We were 18 that were tied for 11th. In the morning. Mid days, thanks mostly in a George. We went from a 6.9 in the spring with 6.4 in the summer book, again, from number one to number one. And Clarence writes on here, congrats with several exclamation points, as if, you know, like he really feels their way. He's pissed off because the sports segments were like, in a toilet. Last evening, they making a real move from a one-one to a one-point-eight. From 24th to time for 17th. Yeah, we think we're making some inroads in mid-day. Yeah. Through the 7th and noon QM, draft from a two-point-eight to a 2.3, 16th time to 18th time. Number 18, just like in the morning, 18. We're number 18, damn it. How can you be doing a sports station in the U.N. 18? Sorry. If I can't know something, I just noticed what? Neither one of the two stations in any day, part of September, or one in mid-day. Neither one of the two stations cracked the top ten in any day, part. How do you like that? Oh my God. But it's sports talk radio, baby. And now we've got that new station coming on the station for men. What is that? Six to 100 on the dial? What? Yeah, there's a new station that's man-talk. You have a right about that. You better start keeping up on your radio stuff, Mr. Even though that was too long. Nah, not a little bit. 3 to 7, QM-2, 8, draft to a 2.3, 16th time to 18th time. And why? See, 1, 7, or 1, 9, always still lives them out. 5, for 20, second all-web to number 20, that Dan Lobanstered. And then at night, thanks to the marlins, we have gooseed up a little bit. We've bushed up. And you're always knockin' my man-day. He sucks. 1, 5, the way 3.0, it's time to end with your man-day. But Mickey Mouse was doing the games. They were made in Nice Runner, okay at the end as you know. They then knew I made the wildfire. Well, not give it a shot. From number 22, night to number 13. This way, see those Panther numbers. Oh, oh. Waxy on the other hand went from a, oh, my 9 at night to 8. Oh, it's 6, 25 to 27. They're falling off the map. I thought that Rogers guy they had on night. You know what their problem is? They got to run Rogers guy in the year. That's their problem. Do we have any ID who that guy is they got on? Does anybody else have any ID? Oh, does anybody know what time it is? Okay, so that's the numbers. There's nothing more to be said. Okay, we're number one and midday again. Thank you very much by the way. Everybody who's, you know, putting up with me. I'm there already. And morning and afternoon, time. Number 18 and men. What did I tell you about these people? They said around like they were paralyzed month after month after month. And I kept saying, what are they gonna do something? What are they gonna do? We go away from the whole audience to disappear. And I think the answer was clearly. Excellent job by the way, Joe. They got, they got, they got other things to worry about. Okay, they got to go stuff that billing for the beeslies. They can't worry about like numbers and stuff like that. Speaking of numbers, share a cake in a former Maryland Democratic legislative legislator, or legislator, whatever it is. We shocked once you open our mail Wednesday morning. Inside, she discovered three computer disks. With them was an anonymous letter saying the disc contained the secret source code for a vote counting that could be used to alter the votes. Can't do Maryland's new electronic voting machines, man. They're bad machines, man. My understanding is that with these disks, a malicious person could skew the outcome of an election kick and say, that's screw or skew, same difference. Dive will become a to the next voting machine, stole the ABC news. These disks do not alter the security of the Dive will touch the screen system in any way because election workers can set their own passwords. But ABC news is obtained independent report commission by the state of Maryland and conducted by science applications in the national court, revealing that the original Dive will affect the passwords are still being used by many voting machines, man. The study also shows mirrored other security flaws including administrative override passwords that cannot be changed by local officials, but can be used by hackers of those who have seen the disks. How do you like that? Computer experts and government officials avoid serious concerns that if these machines malfunction, no paper record will exist for a recap. Even worse is the fear that an election could be hacked. Certainly just tweaking a few votes in a couple of states could radically change the outcome of our policies for the coming years. They'd be saying. This makes it that impassing, okay, for those of you who are a little bit cynical and don't trust your freaking crooked ass government and there's nothing worse than a crooked ass. How we doing on that poll we got to a thousand yet? Think so. No, we don't. Ninestepity two. No close. I think we'll get there by the top of the hour. It's 22 before 11. Now listen, I want you to write this down on your wrist. I want you to put it on bulletin boards. I want you to write in T-room walls all over town. Now what's the worst getting because obviously the morning guys can't walk or got sandbagged as we're getting sandbagged at it or a T-bagged at it. That's the worst. I have to say in bag, thank you. No. But when I still don't have any votes, 972. Oh, I guess what arrived at on Friday at Gulf Stream. It's not that much. You know about that. You talk about that? No. You've been over there yet? No. Far as you, I'd be standing there knocking on the door waiting with a fiscal o' nickel. That's about all you can handle. A braille roll. Yeah. A very couple of rolls of toilet paper. Hey, here's some good news for it. It's Donald mattresses birthday. Guess which birthday it is. That's it. And a celebrate Donald mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top. You can choose from soft lotus biggest election as Simmons beauty rest and you can save the delivery too. If you're finally ready to get a good night's sleep for months and years to come do this marthingel. Like I've been doing for years called Donald mattress at 1 800 mattress for factory direct prices and award-winning service. No nonsense. No BS. No come on. No gimmicks. And I think of a dollar mattress. You just choose the date and time you watch your new mattress delivered. That tour window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 night and guess what they show up. Even on the very same day that you call and dollar mattress delivers every time. That's why dollar mattress continues to be ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction. And why all of us have QM used dollar mattress on the web. Valor mattress.com or make that one easy call. There'll be there knocking on your door in no time at all. 1 800 mattress. 1 800 MATTTRES leave off the last S because it stands for stew pandas savings. The 50s name so best tell us all this is for your Rogers for Shreddie of 560. 8. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 4 800 MATTTRES. 0500 MATTTRES. 16 существ Level 2. 8phon Stafish. 39 7 iron sterling assayely SSB Disagreeeeing 13 faculty enrolled in a NTD scholarship 314 The sky is coming me They don't get it all They don't feel at all They don't come They don't like the stress They don't do this stress They don't feel at all They don't feel at all They don't feel at all They don't feel at all I got to vote that signal We got to go one vote on there They never listen to me I'm from the Pintaly None of the of the verse They couldn't possibly go up to me And they certainly won't respond to anything that you said by 998 I got one vote You by the way got 6 points It's my fan club weighing in Is that what is their logo over over again I can smell it, you know You rockers GOOOOO Drawing me is GOO! With George Stilgye it's number one in the summer book And the rest of the station is in the toilet Speaking of in the toilet the store that you just faxed me on is very primitive of faxed machine I got so they have something this morning your brother I guess I can make do well the other one was a brother too but it was like a you know a real machine my she-man this one is like an instance first and each page very silly we ever see one like this yeah a laser friend just a little function dot matrix baby there's whatever is that what it is I'll hold jatt who knows what it is peace of crap on speaker of that humble dog gets it stay in the son of mine is meant to resume I don't even know if we can read this story although it's in USA today there's another page that I hung on no thanks this is an off-crap paper it says cranes use it for courtship hippos to mark territory and frogs for camouflage humans mostly flushed as fast as they can I knew it's limited to my me metro is who is sent to open minds about this I'm the present versatile little of the practical by product of life on earth it's called the scoop on poop caca it's based on a book Canadian author and photographer Wayne Lynch wrote about the way animals in humans use fecal matter they used to be on a show on the worst team fecal a fecal in a series of interactive exhibits kids of adults learn more than they ever dreamed there was to know about poop the massile of Kenya and the Kenya believe it and northern Tanzania used to cover up their houses I see I'll stay away from here people in parts of agents that explains how why so those people smell like that people on price of Asian South America use it as fuel or fertilizer animals have infinite uses for it you can even find out how one would take an African elephant one of the animal can's most prolific poopers to excrete the equivalent of your body weight while at the average time for these reasons for three reason is there's ten hours this is a cool message we're talking about something that everybody does but nobody talks about since this folks been run McGill hopefully the focus on feces will have the health benefits that's have a show like that we're on these other specialty shows on a weekend how about focus on feces what we talk about some of us talk about it all the time there you go in other words we we know are that's it it says we shouldn't be so frightened that that's a wrong McGill said is real kinky he's a perfect if it wasn't for our version to poop we wouldn't have so many people dying from colon cancer people are frightened to do a color record of Xamie said a species of Nepali's crane impresses it's made by pitching buffalo chips in the air tosses him right up in the air a type of fried camera floges itself by changing colors so it looks like poop to make sure nobody steps on it I guess over it's Howard Stern worldwide free trial two days only is there disparate to try to sign up some more people on a serious yeah how about if they paid me listen to what I listen oh no how about you no well how about that how much yeah we got a thousand eight votes it's not even love it or clanky we got twelve minutes to go we got a thousand eight votes we are kicking big fat speaking of that story in Ron McGill big fat smelly ass how do you like that wow that them speaking that you can say that to trump it again fan fairer company slots arrival at Gulfstream Florida's first slot machines arrived at Gulfstream Park Racing casino in hell and they'll be time Friday the venue expects to open in mid-no-vember and it's got a pithoral here with this story in the world showgirl Susan Porter stands next to five of the first gambling slot my sheans being delivered to Gulfstream Park in hell and they're like machines mine they're not real fortune which is just as well I don't know what they are can't really see if you see the picture they were on the news but I couldn't make out what they were they had like plastic over them slot machines made a splashy south-foot debut Friday flight by two tail showgirls at all tail tall tail and clear heels and fiddled headresses and gleaming one arm bandets I just love that one arm bandets began arriving at Gulfstream racing and the casino in hell and they'll be spread in official celebrated with a media feast that included really a honeydew melon shaped like a horse is in honey to fast the class three slot machines just like the ones in Vegas in in other words real ones honest to god not fake make believe ones you know are expected open for gambling by mid-no-vember we are weeks and days away said helps to impart present upon McCoochi that for an offense rap suit they say McCoochi kuchi we're very excited as you can see the games are here moments earlier McCoochi said the steal those open of a semi-triver and answer the crowd the first real slots to Florida how about you jet bushings having wild diarrhea speaking that of this story I've heard he's doing the green apple quits step machines with names such as double easy money and golden chariot's rolled into the renovated facility workers ripped off the blue plastic wrapping comparing them for their publicity shots publicity shots for the slots ready for that the first machines cross the state line at one twenty five Friday morning and nearly four hundred slots arrived before the end of the day marking the start of a new era and Florida gambling experts planned the classroom machines which players compete against individual machines offer better odds in the class two machines available for play at seminal and mickestookie casinos or players competing against each other an collective bingo system and I still don't understand it. golf's we eventually will have 1500 slots but only five hundred and sixty will be installed by January the start of the horse racing season. More than a year after Broward voters agreed to allow slot machines at permutule venues Friday shipment was the first to arrive each spot in the high-locked al stream park. I look at free racing or competent park car harness and poverty beach and marty grower race track and gaming center in hell and they'll minded to give half their slots revenue to benefit education in Florida. Marty grugs fixes first machines today mine. I keep my eye keep pure off the window for some hot machines. Broward county hell and they'll be choosing you beats and pop at a beach also will receive a portion of the profits. The showgirls related to increased the odds of big media play they were happy to do it. Showgirls for recent castler plantation said it was an honor to be part of fried as event. For adults to get out and go play and benefit art showgirls i think that's ideal she said mother or five year old bread and black. Fellow showgirls Susan Porter since thoughts of being more jobs in tourist in the area. I think it's going to be a good thing for Florida said Porter who's from day in the beach. Neither the woman were seen sampling the food not even the mini blueberry and poppy seed muffins or the croissants. Ooh that sounds good. Poppy seed muffins. Am I? Yeah that's actually. Do you guys eat yet? Yeah we had bacon and fish. Pipe didn't use the confancy found Saturday on Beyoncé. This is a new ghost in Mikuji said I feel real comfortable. It's going to be a fantastic destination he said. And I was at Pompano Park on Saturday night. I'm being on to you. Was it falls view on Wednesday and Thursday? I get around man. I spread my money around didn't make one bed at Pompano by the way. sat there had a nice commute with my good friend Dick Fineberg formerly of Pompano Park. Your buddy Doug Thompson's got a calm today time to be taken control of a place called America. Election Day is two weeks from tomorrow. I bet you Josh is going to vote. Not there you go. Not. All right. So. Ask me if I'm voting. Absentee. No. No. What am I going to vote for? What am I going to vote for? I don't know. Right something in with the ruse. How about Barack Obama? There you go. What did I tell you about him and he is everywhere. He's like that story on a poop man. He's everywhere. I love Barack Obama better him than you. Yeah. At least he's got his answer when he's the dark surprise. I think he could be the dark horse. He's first of all he's not that dark second of all he's very articulate and thirdly he's not Hillary. You're right. Now there's Mayor Bloomberg. You know the reason he's the mayor of New York. He's Jewish. In the way Doug Thompson writes time to be taken to a little place called America. Increasingly it appears to be the only president in George W. Bush. The handful of those paid to agree with his word and whim still thinks the US can prevail in his failed Iraq war. And most of the articles by the way say we lost already and we did. Doug says everyone else realizes the war the country in America's credibility home in abroad is hopelessly the lost. The only real question that remains is how much longer we continue this folly and how many more Americans must die before the shameful chapter of history must end. Bush claims the world would be just a comma on history. Sadly this comma is a deadly and expensive one costing more American lives than the 911 Turbo to tax a lot with the lives of many more thousands of Iraqi civilians and billions of bomb billions of taxpayer funds. This comma stands as testament to Bush's Calis district for human life. The rule of law truth, divinity or morality. It's a war-wage done lies, fought through deception and continued by ignoring reality. It's a war that threatens to outweigh Vietnam and shame and damage to the American psyche. One that may forever cast this country as an international bully with no regard for human rights. With the combination that routinely lies to its allies, this regards the laws that would demand the and others obey and promotes torture and suffering as matters of policy. Our name once are veered by many in other nations is now we have vile on the world state, spat upon by those of Placimarca and Bush and the same league is not seagurman in all-fitler. If the Iraq war is just to come on history, then Bush is the period, a period of dishonesty, distrust and dishonor. Those of us who served our country once displayed the artifacts of that service with pride in our walls, now we pack them away and box as hidden from view, replaced with our shame. Like those who tossed their medals over the White House, French at the head of the Vietnam de Bacco, we feel betrayed by a government that brought to Zana on all his service nation's causes. In theory, America still belongs to the people and we the people must take it back from the despass who controlled our government, threatened to the destroy the foundations of a once-grade nation, right, Stark Thompson. He says we start and two weeks at the polls, to weeks from tomorrow. Voting the throw at any incompetence supports the illegal and moral acts of the Bush administration, we must ignore those who recently modify their positions to try to woo votes and look at their past records and acts of the Ronald Norris political lies. If we can accomplish that, when they can concentrate on the next few years, building a grassroots effort to retake control of the executive branch of government, with somebody who remember the White House is the people's home, not a palace for a king or dictator. Our country is almost lost, but I'm not ready to give up. Hopefully, neither are you right, Stark Thompson, although I'm not not too sure. It sounds to me like he gave up long time ago. Don't sound like that? Does he hurt like that? Like they got to him. They sure got to him, and it's when he went hiding in the hills, but at least he's back under right in the rants and running and raving almost every day. He'll go, Duggy. We'll bring us some flowers. Okay, we'll drop a couple of death and it'll come to Tombstone. So I guess, can we have it like a tombstone? Remember we did the the snooze cruise? Sure. Maybe we can have one for the for sports talk. Yeah, look at all our clearance. Maybe then we'd be on the day clearance gets canned. Yeah, you're not clearance. You're out sweetheart. Bye bye. Or something he's going to give us an aspart. Yeah, this is what happened. We got the break to do that. I want to spend a lot of time rehashing about how Joe Bill handed a key to the kingdom and the overgrown sports nerd child. And now we're number 18 and men in the morning and in the afternoon. And thank God, thank God for us. You know what I'm saying? And spite of what they say in a hallway. We're number one. Yeah man. Might have broken for trashing yourself there in a hallway. Oh, they're the outdoors sports girl. Yeah, well we got numbers. Okay, sweetheart. Number 18, my fan asked God. 18 and men. Who would have fun? It is they say, and why hate people say who do I think it? I could have fun. The bucks that had come back when I came yesterday. Who does that to dolphins? As bad as they are could have lose to the packers. Oh my God, the packers. Holy moly, rat man. Or as they said in the shining. Holy moly, scat man. He was in it. He's still in it. By the way, he's still in it. Yeah, he is. That's it. He showed up there. It's a cabin at a wrong time. 1057 and 560 WQA in. I've been telling you for a long time over 21 years. I've been driving drive concepts in my home. When I was home, as a matter of fact, they had been there just a few weeks before. When I was down there in Florida, and my carpets looked just like I had brand new lead. Right there on the floor all over the house. I would never trust my carpets to anybody else. And either should you. Just because you can't see the dirt and the schmutz and mold in your carpet. Doesn't mean it's not there because believe you me, it's in there. And in South Florida, people tend to go long periods of time with that opening. The windows makes it even worse. More reasons to drive clean your carpets on a regular basis. And call our good friends our pizons and drive concepts. Your carpets last longer because by keeping your drive clean. It stays cleaner longer. Comes out softer. The colors come out looking brighter. The house smells like any fresh. It's a real, mahaia as they say in India. Drive concepts is about a pandemic frequent cleaning. Easy at a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning. You'll never have a dirty carpet again using drive concepts. And Broward here's that number to call 954. 3707778. Tell them that old koot. Neorodia is told to the call. Look at the real koot of the old koot. 954 3707778. Remember who it gives him? Who it he's did. And in David Palm Beach called Ragh concept toll free. 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. You know, the best name. So best to live. This is the Eorodia sports radio 5 60. Eorodia. This is the Eorodia. So what? This is the Eorodia. This is the Eorodia. This is the Eorodia. And questions. No. No sound is hiding. A lot more than going inside of it. They say they're weapons. A master structure. I say we say a couple made a chance. I'm in a... A! In the Gulf War. Let him off the road. I've been a scientist. Give his murder home. Welcome. So it's time to go those people and so. I'm in a ride. I'll be around. Until there's nothing that's seen. I'll be around. Until seven, six feet lead. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. And then say it's got some job. And everyone's good guy. I'm in a postcard. If we live for free, we'll be with you. To go, some of this kind of officers. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. Building up again. 12 year round 11 cm. 15 cm. One more round הואetfoot. Where are we? 10 cm. We're toast, Mr. Kenal. ya'll be around. 20 cm. Come! You only've got a child here! In my heart! Tit why are you talking to me? I'm telling you one thing boy George sure did it this summer and people from all around building ought to be in their pantomime on the back. You see, Karen's came in and kissed you on the lips. Well, that was not on the lips. All we did notice is that on the side of your head and probably came in and gave you a facial. See, Alfred. How many did? That's what I like to do myself. Thousands and sixty seven votes. I got a vote. George has got sixty five. You did just bust in your ball. Oh, that's all right. What are you carry? You've got that big guy. Oh, you can probably retire. Once you get it at big loan. Yeah. It was you have no idea what am I screaming at is when you're sitting there would buy losing your ass, which I was Saturday morning. Although I did find it even you're right about that. I'm 100 online. Now, seriously sitting there and you get out your your thing buzzes, you know, and you're a blank story, too. And I recently my pocket and I look at it from Clarence and it says ratings. Oh, yeah, maybe this is the summer book and shown off there were the highlights in lowlights. Lowlights were morning drive where we got beat by the guys across the street. Oh, my god. That's a sproch. I like can't he seems like good guy and you're telling me he is a good guy. Two guys. Two guys. Two guys that they've teabagged and sandbagged him, you know. That's the kind of thing. No, you know, that's the luck the door after the show or at least you escape out the back. But tell, tell, tell Clarence go ding-dong, which is dead and get lost. Okay. What a jerk. What a jackass you are, Clarence. Who was in this morning by the way? I guess he didn't get my he didn't get the memo. And by the way, if that fat boy don't stop giving my meal address to everybody who's ever been born, you know. See, Bob Lassiter is wife, Mary emailed me on Monday morning that he had passed away the previous Friday. So what a bit of a week you go today. I got the email at home and I sent her back a message and that with my condolences and and I already was aware of that plus I was reading the blog all the time and even though he had stopped entries, I check it now and then. He put his final entries under did you look at it? Yeah, I read the final entries. Why did you do that? It's good. I read his final entries and how he was telling the other people that what it was at a fan if you end whatever it was to go up. Blow it out the ass. Yeah, whatever it was. No, no, I felt like yeah, that's what it was. Right. That they were preparing his a bitch for my obituary. These fast. So let me say it was already well aware that I didn't need fat boy. You might email address to Tom Denberg. Oh, I don't mind hearing from Tom. He's over in Tampa now with all the go in. But this is fat boy. Oh, man. Okay. In fact, you should have when Muff was in this morning, you should have made me to tell her to quit the given out my email address. I think he wrote his lesson. Too late. But yeah, too late. Too late. Duff, ma'am, myster. You silly person. You, uh, too far away. I got an article here that a lot of people are going to say, oh boy, that sounds really paranoid to me. It's very long. I don't have time for it. From prisonplanet.com, you're how a paranoid they are. Sure. And the person who wrote it, her name is Surcha Fowl for just a second, Erath, I'm going to say, Faitreal. You know, you're, you're, you're discussing. You really are your grotesque, you're discussing your name. You're never going to stop. That's the thing without you. I wonder why you're making me to like poison. I guarantee you, man, if she's making you any lime gel, I guarantee you this person, any freezer, they're guaranteed. That's an adder time. That's why you're sick all the time. She's putting that press don't any freeze and you're going to get lost. Never since I got that life insurance policy. I'm thinking of writing everything I say. It's a good idea. It's dustball. It's an idea. I'm going to bring you guys a bunch of ice cream for you soon. He planted that seed. I'm thinking about ice and thinking about how can I spend it enough? Don't do it. Even better than that, I'm thinking about maybe a prize hot bug Sunday on chocolate marshmallow. Maybe a rocky road. You're going to die up there. Well, you see, now when Bob passed away and after having read all those horrible things, he's in for his own business. Long protests death from diabetes and kidney failure or stuff. You were losing a lot of his vision and having part of his foot chopped up. You would have thought that an old fat diet better like me would have learned a lesson. No, no, not you addicts. We're addicted to sugar, baby. We're addicted. I should have carved a car like a what's your name? Would say, see ya cruise. I would see what's he would say? See ya cruise and I am dead now. I got renal by when I was alive. I will need to do anything when I went into a little bit. Is that 80? Is that 80? Is that 80? Is that 10? Is that 12? He went all around and said, I want me to help the guy. I'm not gonna tell him. There is that one part of the car. That's the real part. That's it. That's it. We're qualified for real. That's it. So anyway, did we ever get that package, you sent bigger pardon? US Army announced his readiness for total military takeover from America. It's not our website. It was on yesterday's. It's still on her. I'm sure. You put something unbelievable like that on there. And it gets you know moderate amount of reads. But if you put the mark fully, the salacious email is on there with a teenage voice, we get over a thousand people on air. I think we had like 1200 people read that that day. We should only have 1200 people reading at least one of our stories on the website every day. But we don't because what's what's this got to do with sex, huh? I'm just gonna read a little part of it. Russian intelligence analyst are reporting that final steps to a full military dictatorship in the US have been taken with US Army announcing US, A, North, US, North, North, not a fifth, and minutes that's the typo I knew it was. US, North has now reached full operational capacity and has now ready to do it. It's actually to the homeland defense and defense support a civil authority's missions. And conduct the Army to army portion of the theater cooperation mission with Canada and Mexico. I'm staying right here. According to these reports, the first of US, a North plans for the total military takeover the US from its few remaining civilian overseas, rest were the new series of raccone in laws, recently enacted by their top military leaders and which among other things, suspense the right of habeas corpus for Americans and which the American military leaders have ordered their courts to disallow and as we can read is reported by the Washington Post News Service in their article titled Court Total Lacks Power and Detainee's cases, which says moving quickly to implement the bill signed by President Bush's week that authorized military trials of enemy combatants. The administration has formally notified the US district court that no longer has jurisdiction to consider hundreds of habeas corpus corpus petitions, probably inmates have Gitmo. Congratulations, claim their special reward for becoming... Oh sorry, but there. What was that? The computer. A pop-up came up. Beyond those already imprisoned the Gitmo or elsewhere, the law applies to all non-US citizens, including permanent US residents, George. Uh-oh. habeas corpus, a Latin termini, you have the body. Oh god. I'd like to say that to so many people, you have the body. Can I have it? No. No touch old man, get out here. Is one of the oldest principles of English and American law. I see so many really amazingly, I mean, tantalizing people. I just want to reach out and just grab them. Just a little feel, that's all. It requires the government to show illegal basis for holding a prisoner. Not being fully explained to the American people, however, that they do new draft. What's wrong with little feel, huh? It feels good to me. Maybe don't throw it at them. Who wants to get thrown about? Please don't. Pre-setting me. Hey, you like it. He liked it. He liked it. He might... It seemed like he liked it. And how did this old Getsky priest lined up over there in Malta? That's what I would like to know as a continued moving around like pieces on a chest board. Not being fully explained to the American people, however, are that they use new draft-coni-in-laws. Do in fact have a direct impact upon each of them. And is explained by an American visiting group called the Future of Freedom Foundation and in their article titled Jose Padilla and the Military Commission's Act states. Anyone who hoped that the US military detention of Americans accused of terrorism expired with the transfer of American citizen-hold-a-po- Jose Padilla for military custody to just to department custody of senior hopes-dash by the Military Commission Act that the president signed in the law yesterday, meaning last week. Although the act limits to foreign citizens' use of military tribunals under the Nile of habeas corpus, any person including Americans citizen can still be labeled and treated as an unlawful enemy combatant in the so-called war on terrorism. What does that mean for the American people? It means that the same thing it did for Jose Padilla who used to be Jose Padilla. Your recall that Padilla was arrested in Chicago for terrorism and transfer to military custody were coined in Padilla who was tortured and involuntarily injected with throags. The government's position is that since the entire world is a battlefield and wish the war on terrorism is being weighed, US officials now have to part or rest any American suspected of terrorism, place in military custody and should be taken to the same unlawful enemy combatant treatment that Padilla received until the war on terrorism has finally been one no matter how long that takes. Highell Bush. I didn't like that. The war articles on our website and you can either read that or read about the marked Holy Goin. Also, I heard a little verb that we're saying yesterday which we certainly haven't seen too much more. We said I won kid. They didn't have six with Tally was 21 to one page. Now they're saying it was a whole series of these pages. He was courting and schmoozing and whining and dining when it was 16 and he groomed them until they were of legal age 18 probably chicken ID and birthdays and then once they were legal age he was having sex with them. How could we do him more about that? Well because you didn't tell us more about it. No. Well we'll dig up a whole bunch of stuff and we can't find it. We'll just make it up. How do you like that? All right. Finally, you know the Charlie Christus Day. Not that there's any problem with that except with his right-wing constituents. Wait till they find out that they like to do it. Okay Governor. Woo! Maybe Miss Folder can move in with some of his boyfriends in the governor's mansion while within the can have some parties in there. Yeah. Geo time. The number of the GOP stands for the geo party. Mm-hmm. It does. There. 14 after 11 at 5. 16 WQM. I've been doing business with my friends Greg Nelson all the good people at Blueback Road Chevrolet for over 20 years. I still have two Corvettes from them which I've grew when I was home both of them as a matter of fact. I actually got to drive one of the garage and man what's not to like. The service at Blueback Road the salespeople selection cars are top notch and trust me what I said to their prices cannot be beat anywhere in town. If I was taking Greg here a million, they'll give you the same fantastic service I have in getting for over 20 years. And right now it's Blueback Road Chevrolet's race to a thousand for the first time in its history. They have the biggest selection of new and used cars including the hot new Corvettes, the ultimate sports car. If I grab an a fast candy like man it's unbelievable. They got your trucks, your SUVs and many vans. The biggest selection anywhere around. They've also got used cars starting at just 3995 every one of them backed by a car fax, Guadante. Now Blueback Road is out to sell a thousand cars this month and they're staying open until midnight every night to get to that 1000 number. Forget the price. Make them an offer they can't refuse and they'll be any daily ever heard of. More money for your trades, 0% financing. We've raised up up to 6,000. Whatever it takes they'll get it done. Only a Blueback Road Chevy with two locations for you. In top and abease you quarter mile west of I-95 look for that big, gigantic American flag you know where it is. And it co-can a quick kind of 441 just south of the sub-rass expressway. Don't forget Blueback Road is staying open till midnight every night. So get your fan out of there. Over to Blueback Road right now. Get the best deal on the new Chevy you've ever got in your life. Or check them on the web at loopbackroad.com. As BACHRODT, Bluebackroad.com. For Shreddie of 560, you and your fan. George Bush doesn't care about black people.παarotdard fu-а-t true to human. Gebarotdard fed-holders There. We know there, we have a pair of diamonds. We have a pair of diamonds. We know there, we have a pair of diamonds. Here. The owner is another backstage coming, man. By the end of the 2525, that's been a problem at that thing. Why did that virus thing, you know? It was a scene because it was cheap here. And we've seen it, but I needed something to replace that other thing meant to craft down. Plus, everybody tells me that those brother me that was brother MSF what is it and that lucky strike means find a backo MSMFC 4800 they break down like every five minutes I don't know anything about this oh Well see now that's right daylight setting is time is this weekend it's an anything it wasn't this past weekend what I've been later what I've been early I gotta repeat track we have to turn it clock back right yeah yeah so I would have been all the I would have thought it was like I don't know I can't figure this out damn anyway here's a just forget about it okay it's too complex on a Monday morning for me I can't handle it Facts is welcome back it's coming up on that time here again daylight time comes to an end on the last Sunday October this Sunday on last Sunday October clock is said back when our two-day local time above above of a blind occurs I'm what this is so boring this is so boring in about how the history of daylight time God is this for who sent us this piece of crap like all I'm glad they reminded me because will we have forgotten probably I would have so we thank you for that but as far as the rest of this fact this this is Pandrish man I'd rather listen to Sparks talk than this I'd rather cropped him listen to Sparks talk It's quite a what well I hope both campers come in there kicks your ass for ripping him He almost did certainly stories I was ready to run he is so full of it man They're the anti sports so it almost involves guys. Yeah keep listening here's propaganda Okay, and you two can get a one-eighthsure in men on a sports shoe on a sports station That's the thing that is just it's mind boggling isn't it? Yeah, it would be like if you were doing a show on stand collecting I'm flattly excuse me you're giving me a hard time about the facial And you had no stand collectors listening Did this story here? I kind of moved to that in here. You were a filial iron Into ever collect stamps as a kid. I don't know every I run every guy collected stamps It's a thing that reward heavy quiet a little bit of coins. We are very new mismises Trust me if I had any coins there were quickly spent Yeah, we'll see there quickly spend there goes back with that facial crap again 1111 votes on a pool 1111 and look at the time It's 1122 not bad and I bet you're on daylight time. We'd be 1111 when you think I'd imagine now I wish Kemal zoona was the patriots kicking the Buffalo ass I'll take to the movie every time plus Today kick your ass a watch johns ne Inspector But that's the on the grade. I don't even know what they're going to need that week badly until the new coaching staff comes in. They play the following week. Who's that? The bears. Oh, we have felt the field is just answering the book of the blue right now. That was a big step. 74 yard return sets up right in the night. Bospers who 어디ites place later stay downtown, and le Es Lock. interface move to get here to take the lost and get the bills off. Aaah, and here are these all right, so just a little gr soda. Let's party, look how kind of people he are. Let me hold you in.urn your house. If I ever had anybody stay taken to the house, she got aieve they're in in the house or outside the house or behind the house, I cannot deal with these sports cliches with his jargon and I'm talking about jargon. I don't know what you're talking about. I mean, hate when it outward means. Take it to the house. Oh God. Get our freaking life. I have no luck. The sports need a crowd. There are different points but there's a thought just follow it. Pick off, they can have only to put it here. We're talking about other patriotexions on come up in a second. Anyway, you remember the Pope would have business about well, they misunderstood. He wasn't sorry for what he said but yeah. Sorry that they were pissed off because they actually got what he was saying. I'm sorry you're so sensitive. A senior State Department, given mine of apologised yesterday for having told the Arab satellite network, Al Jazeera Saturday that there's a strong possibility. History will show. Look at another touch down. Don't think he cares about the patriots. I can't believe it. That history will show the U.S. to split arrogance and stupidity in its handling of the Iraq war. Tom Brady, there's Tommy out here like he gave my hands on him but borders a long line ahead of me. Upon reading the transcript of my parents and elves is zero. But listen to this. Upon reading the transcript of my parents and elves is here I realized that I seriously missed spoke by using the phrase there's been arrogance and stupidity by the Western Iraq Alberto Fernandez in the email sent to reporters by the State Department and attributed to him. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm this spoke. How do you like that? Uh-huh. Always like that next statement. See how I'm this spoke. This represents neither my views nor those of the State Department. I apologize this statement said. Fernandez gave the gutter based number for 35 minute interview from Washington where he's directed the office of President public diplomacy in the Bureau of Near East Affairs. His apology yesterday differed from a defensive comment to made a CNN during an interview Saturday night. History will decide what role the U.S. played he told elves is there in Arabic based on CNN translations and God willing. We try to do our best in Iraq. But I think there's a big possibility for extreme criticism and because undoubtedly there was arrogance and stupidity from the West in Iraq he said. Fernandez told CNN he was reply to a question about how people will assess the US in the future and said he thought that was how the country would be judged. But then again he says I realized I seriously missed both because they obviously made a wrong for he couldn't refuse. Follow him saying oh there's the J.E.T.S. The office for me too. It's going to be very scary. Just to make it clear. But it's just very sweet by the the old and the lifetime lines. Yeah. Lands are prophetic. And then again a lot of bad teams all the way to good games is to end it with the field rules right there in the Kansas City City. You go right right my Tampa Bay in Philadelphia right when it looks like a bus get it again into the old swoon can you imagine the people who must have been pouring out of that stadium there onto a deal may be yesterday. Huh? Yeah. Wouldn't you think when you were bailing out of a pissed off fans? Oh not again not again and then all of a sudden when you least expected it I said that final score I said that must be a mistake. And I thought they must have gone real quick 80 minute 80 minute in the yard field will and they did. 62 yards each yard out of town demsey is he did a real life time demsey. You know he had a wooden shoe. I did it when you kicked that 63 yard field rule for the assays. He had like one of them chopped off like I like whatever. 27 past let's start talking a lot more sport. So we get down there to like number 17 or number 18. Field then we'll feel like more like we belong here. I don't see nothing more than feeling out of place. I don't agree with that. I would have to very out of place here. Yeah we're on the wrong station. Oh sorry about that. Like I said let's go on to 850 or 1800 on the dial on. Sure. Or let's get a new program director. We need to. Clarence where those numbers he was promising me by the way. The monthly. Yeah. I don't know here yet. 1121 votes on the pool and I got a pair now and the arages has a pair. Something or someone you would never listen to on radio. Or let's just program 395. Russel, about 244 hip hop 132 Bill or Rally 99. George Rodriguez 70. Well what is that? George Rodriguez 70 votes after the fantastic job that he's been doing. Neil Rogers. Good. George Rodriguez. No good. Sports talk 50. Countries of 49. I wish I wouldn't have found that because I'm just obsessed with that. Just this. It's not the content just the way he says it. That's the same as on the party. Countries of music 49. I hate this poll only 27 2.4%. Here are America 26. Jazz 13. Classical music 12. Public radio 2 and Neil Rogers. Solomon Tade Dose. I got a dose. Try to get rid of it. It's lobster fest back every Friday through Sunday at the airport coast. The best Chinese buffet and soft photo with three locations for you. Sunrise, Pember Pines and Sunny Isles. Overall 100 different items featured on the airport coast amazing buffet. Six gourmet soups. New York State juicy and delicious grill the order the way you like it. Handcarb prime rib. The traditional Asian dishes are salad bar and a sea of bar. And the dessert bar is really special weekend. It's featured a 40 inch mozzarella and chocolate fountain. You can hand it if your strawberry is another fruit. Marshmallows cheesecake, other decked and treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a big piece of the emacos. Which still uses only healthy cholesterol. Freak and overall, I never any MSG no cornstarch. No crack. You'll never walk out of there with a headache. And right now, when you go in as a party you'll for as for the Neilville. You get $5.60 off your total check with four paying adults. 560 got it? Good. Emerald Coast open for lunch and dinner. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for reservations 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. And don't forget, every day is a Neil Deal day. And Fridays for Sunday every weekend. It's lobster fest only at the amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. The feast name so best to relax. It's meal rotors for video 5-60. Oh, funny пользовars wanted to tell us about they are going to be paying paid notes and over the weekend. Right next, April Bow or I'll keep you on the same list of events in Neilville, and they believe that Hutch will have to love the game fromifiable promises for controlling They pluck the ball from gold and gold like the ones ever seen. They're on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking joy with both of their. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. I only teach them to make a pretty true Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Don't bet on them, you'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. Their coaches are to tell them to put their day in their. Jackson, they would run much faster. And even in the feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And there the Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. The team that hasn't got it cool. Miami has the confidence but the confidence. Have no fans. Just 50,000. They're all for us. They watch the game and all they do is mowing right and bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be so bad. And rich and there the Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. The Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. I hear the crowd begin to boo. The softens have faith. We work that quarter, facts that you boil. Run down the field and he will grow up. Up and over you. I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that does. If you need that he would serve them. I didn't dare. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. J calls his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no teeth and sand there. Offences and jokes. Like George Bush eating fretsles. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always do so. Point you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than pork marks on ihaness ofHolaionc seasons. If there were points than pork marks on high zingers ofHolaionc seasons. If there were points than pork marks on high zingers of Bei Listen. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. Miami's all for us. play off this 23-tonal unit 560 WDQMU will never guess in a million years who I just got another email message from. I give you one clue. That's how I play. Yes. I'm stunned. That's why I'm shocked. He don't understand his whole concept is just how annoying how much he can educate and aggravate. That's where he lives for. Besides eating is aggravating an adjective. He is truly a crazy stalker. We hate you, high boy. Don't you understand? Hate you. I say we. I'm talking about everybody associated with his show, Pass, present, and future. Hate despise. Go away. Don't darken my door. Don't darken my computer. Don't email. Don't extend your fat ass in this direction again. So did he send you the monthly? No. Well, this was about last night's at her again. He just won't stop. And this thing you just sent me this gym to feed his column which, yeah, I get it. We're out of our reading good eyesight. And it's great. I've got it. It's just going in here all the time. Plus I got the window open and sunny and freezing. Yeah. So you can't wait. But if you think I can read this, I mean, you must be the relative. It was actually kind of cute for him. Is it? Yeah. Well, I can't read it. I could. It would be very difficult. And I stumbled and bumble and bumble and bumble and bumble and as it is. This was something that's got like ordinary size print. The print is the size of like the Mont Palamar telescope might if you, if you adjusted the focus real real clearly. You might be able to get this and plus the fact that it's, uh, it's such a big coffee. Oh, I guess I could find it somewhere if you think it's enough to read. Probably. I thought it was cute. It's about his a moment that he had with Katherine Harris and her. Well, you and, okay. And I will not forget your show fast. So, okay, he is just, did you see him? He was on TV and we discussed, yeah, we discussed it. Good. Good. He has to tuck his gut into his socks. No, no, no. So, he is got the most unbelievable shot in plus the, uh, uh, got, uh, got. Someone or something you would never listen to on radio. 1157 votes and religious programs for 11, thank God for our heat and crowd. Thank God for people enough common sense to realize about all of Bob and Lyssey's and all the Getki's out there. You know, they were talking the other day about the history of the Sunnis and the Shiiites. And you know what that's all about? The difference between the head of Mohammed and something. Yes, I've been with who my hammered less his apartment building do or some some crap like right and they couldn't agree on it as we Result the heat is other like poison and they've been killing each other for a thousand years and it's great good old good old time Religion that's all this stupid is who speaks for God you know the Pope or you know some other guy Religious program for 11 Rush Limbao 252 hip-hop music 136 Bill or Riley 101 George Rodriguez 73 votes I can't believe this audience they treat you just like the management always has like crap you'll Rogers George Rodriguez No good sports dog 51 country music 50. I hate this full only 27 and we're 2.3 percent Very low on a Richter scale for our usual amount content audience. They like it. They're America 27 Jazz 13 that surprises me. I wouldn't listen to jazz if you paid me by the same you by the no-no How about melt or may? Well, you better keep speaking to him feet a scas privileges write about the violence Hey Again, Bob Alan Barks was a normal man with a nice home, a lovely family, and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company. Normal baddies until just three weeks ago. Hi honey, how was your day? Someone of an esoteric Monday, I feared, wound up being buttoned on the last one, as if if I can't focus it in, to the best of my ability. Alan Barks is suffering from Bob Lassider disease. Are you feeling alright Alan? Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody else seems to see, or at least cares what knit that they say. Bob Lassider disease attacks the central nervous system, causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs. How was you today? I don't want to talk to you. What's more, Bob Lassider disease is the one form of depression, which is actually contagious. God, just listing that voice, I want to jump off a building. You are the lowest of the lower, snake. You're a scumbap. Please, send whatever you can today to post those words. One, eight hundred, devenport Iowa. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means. Fetching and mornin' and screaming and hollering. Please help. 14, ballooned 560 WQM, 1176 votes on the poll. We're clicking some big fat nasty ass. Big and fat and nasty. Speaking of big and fat nasty, what are we going to do about those packing? So forget about North Korea and forget about Iran. I see we got a blow up package stand. Sure. And Saudi Arabia, while we're at it. Right. Well, that's actually the first. Go in there and stick the American. Sure. If you'd be paying like three cents a gallon for gas, you could drive from now until 10 years from Christmas for about six bucks. Could all get a personal pump at the house. You could be pumping it. This days after the signing of the Wasiristan Accord would see the administrative and security control of the North was the arrestant agency to the Taliban in Al Qaeda. Now we find out that the by-join agency is next to follow the Taliban. Several weeks later, UPR confirmed the pack of standing government is seriously considering further negotiations in Bajr and other agencies and the federally administrative travel areas. But did I say administered? Ali Jan or Iraq's side. There's a lot of names in here that nobody's going to pronounce right especially me. The Northwest Frontier Province has been enthusiastic about the prospects of turning over Bajr and other agencies. If the treaty signed with travel owners of North was iris and proved successful, similar treaties would be signed with travel's not-regioncies, we force the daily times. Now the Gulf Times report to deal with the Taliban and Al Qaeda in Bajr is coming and soon. Malana Fakir Mahemid, you know, his mom, the other Fakir? Once most wanted to carry a pack of stands for Jard Travel Region and his fellow militants are elected to win compete with the government after I'd al-Fitr as the government has released Al-Masvara is a goodwill gesture according to the Gulf Times report. The release of Fakir's relatives has seen this a victory for the Taliban. Malana Fakir Mahemid's report is one of the received their release colleagues and celebrated their release with heavy firing of the year. Members of the travel, Jard or Council took them to the village after their release from Central Prison in Karr headquarters in Bajr, so the pack is alive again. What is wrong with you, huh? Just because we got that bonus money. Is there something that I don't know about him, Jard? See like that. I got the same problem right now. Yeah. Well, fuck here to you too. Here was what's kind of a Fakir. Maybe that's how you say his name is Fakir, which is probably like a Quaker and Shaker, maybe Shaken. 119 votes and I'd pull him. We're going to get to what? 13 today, you think? 13, 14. But I'm going to help we get it. We're going to go with our craft. Oh God. What? Oh, I'm speaking of a filth and smart, which is your specialy. That's why George does so well. Okay, it's not that people think he's like your great broadcast. Which he always does a fine job and not great. It's just that he's filthy. You'll Roger's goo, George Rodriguez. No good. You went at simple and scotty Mac. Amazement in heaven. Oh God. What a simple tone. The Catholic Church is laid into a big controversy over reports of rampant promise queues in India's 24-hour call centers. You know about all this house source in that your hero Lou Dobbs always screaming about. Right. India's booming call center in the streets beginning a bad press. This is what they've written independent rights. What would the arrest of a banking ploy who stole hundreds of thousands of pounds from UK customers accounts and documented with exposing security shortcomings? But the Catholic Church has found something else that is much more worried about. Sex, which of course is not their specialy to the Catholic Church. Stories have been emerging for some time in a promise queues in the 24-hour centers. There was the call center where the drains were choked with condoms and the woman worker who told a press that she and her colleagues went to work with condoms in their bags. They went to work with a condom in their sack. Harvey caused for concern by Western standards, but in India, where attitude towards sex remain highly conservative is caused a minor stir, which is where the Catholic Church has come in offering counseling and weeklong retreats for call center workers and hopes of turning away from a life of sin. We don't want to do more policing. We are a bishop of Bangalore, a borrard, Moran, said, that's what he wants more ass. But we do want to advise young people that being modern doesn't mean losing family traditions or moral values. I'm going to say that those Indian people men are hurting his health. Sure, a lot of them here. Who isn't? That's true. The reason call centers have become the scene as sexual liaison is as simple as those who work with them. It's one of the few places, but I'm not hurting you for ice cream right now. In fact, you know something, I'm going to let you do the new to one hour. I'm not going to go to bed. I'm going to do it. Got a big, big tub. Rocky road. We just, you know, it's seismic and is on it. Yeah. And like like tons of hot fudge. One thing I can't say is if you go into place for a hot fudge, so many put like a little like a little dollar hot fudge on top, like just a smidge. Yeah. And then of course you eat that first, then you're left with like three swoops of ice cream. We can't ask him. Okay. But you want mixed with that smear with that fudge in there. Right. You want to smear it a little bit. Oh yeah. Like the Republicans smear in the store. Anyway, it says there's a sexual revolution going on in India, the young at least those in the middle classes, Dayton, the way the parents could have never dreamt of. In the big cities, more and more night clubs and bars are opening up for a minute. And women can socialize freely. How do you like that? Oh my God. In Delay this, your plastic surgeon said they've seen a 40% rise demand for cosmetic surgery. Oh my God, they're probably doing a lot of facials over there in the months leading up to this weekend. The Wally Festival with men as well as women seeking nose jobs. Yeah. But we still have a kind of job to. And nasty nose is over there. They do not. And when you're talking about big ol' hunter people from India, you've gotten some food about three. I don't know. I bet a hundred. Well, we got lots of them here and believe you me. Some of them are just fine as DIY. Okay. They are just, especially if they don't have that career role, you know. Oh. Anyway, says there's been a world backlash from conservatives. I wish the Catholic Church is for me and the call center is a typical example. In Bombay and Bangalore, the local government's important police is starting forcing licensing hours. The politicians are pandering to the vote from the millions of poor who still cannot lead them more sexually free-weaning lifestyle over the middle classes and look out of with resentment. They want theirs and they ain't getting it. You know what that's like? Yes. A survey of call center workers last year found that 38% believe P. Marital Sex was morally acceptable and a corridor regularly hand casual sex. The church can hold its retreats but it seems that the sexual revolution has gotten a hold of India. And unless it's spread to the Indian population in Syria, it's too late. There's a man you talk about a bunch of free-weaning free or whatever. You're heard of free loaders. I think this is a different kind of patient. You know what I'm saying? I never got to anything quite a stuff yet. Oh no. That'll still be there. O.J. confesses in Tel Aviv book. He gets 3.5 million in the name of his accomplice. Do we want to hear about that? Okay. If I can find it. Oh, all of the inquiries takes you inside Daniel Smith's death room. Here's a bunch of pills found on the floor. Ambience sleeping pills. Importantly, we're found near the bed. She had that kid's a pill that can handle like crazy. Here it is. Here's a picture that's scum, uh, whole. That's something I had a belief in and there's not the fun. It is. And it's tragic, man. You know, like when you put chicken soup in refrigerator, and it's scum forms on the top, that's right. Or if you put it in the trash side, you take it off it or like with a big spoon, you drop it in a bag. And then garbage bag. Now, would that make the bag A, well, O.J. writes book for 3.5 million and confesses world exclusive news in the inquire. What's the day of this issue? October 30th October. About 2 to 3. Man. Now do I want to read this whole thing? I guess so. Oh, you could have an highlights. And of course, O.J. is keeping the blood money. It doesn't picture a federal news pissed up. Not that's probably needs a money. It's just a principle of the matter of your heode and fired up. In a bombshell book that will rock America. Will rock America. Oh, my God. O.J. Simpson finally confesses to the murder of the centering gives all the never before revealed horrific details of the body slaughter of Nicole Brown Simpson around Goldman. The inquire has learned exclusively that O.J. has been working for months on the top secret book, which will be published late this year, and then he reveals he had the copeless of the murder scene. Oh. Now, 11 years after being included in these sensational killings, Simpson is being paid $3.5 million for revealing the blow-by-blow details of the brutal life attack. Only that kind of money could have attempted O.J. to finally tell the truth of the West Coastal source to make it with the book project fully inquire. O.J. does not have to worry about being crossing through the game for the murders because of the double jeopardy law passed by Alex Trebek. In the book he describes how he grabbed the knife from a man who accompanied him to Nicole's home and moments later found himself covered in blood and looking down on the bodies of Nicole and Ron. The working title of the book is if I did it. Yeah, if tickens peed, right, O.J. you murdering piece of turd you, you slime ball, you scum, whatever you are. Bucket. Who says scum bucket? No. With his publication the only weeks away the till-all blockbusters are made the most explosive secret and publishing until now. In the early pages, O.J. I guess we better do the break. I don't want to have to interrupt this. I mean, we got dead people in Iraq. We got all this other stuff going on. We got a lesson to leave some of our what could be more important than another O.J. stories. The biggest thing. The biggest challenge of the game is on. The O.J. Roger would heal 560. The M. Yeah. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8. The Ram piece went on. They passed the wildest hypothesis. You know what? Nobody believes it. Mr. Bayes, you know. So if I'm not going to benefit, I'm not going to be some dance and won't you for you guys. O.J. Mr. Bayes. This has to begin with. What makes you happy? That's a nice battle. Simple. Sign off. Tell me what you like. Mr. Bayes have passed it now. You murdered Nicole and you know you did it. And you know, I mean, you're just amazing. And what do you want me to give and me all the way? You're never giving me an answer for friend of you. Now, the worst thing at all of friends. You know what? And I know what. You know what? You are a pig. You're a man. I know good. Son of a gun. I want to know your profession. You're a pathetic. So you and for a girl, man. I've never gone TV. I avoid the media as much as I can. They chased me. You guys, if it's a door opening, you guys are showing up. O.J. A picture of the famous KVL J. A big money. But leave the only person who's been a fit of this Denise. You never gave me a head. You're a family guy. You're the only one. You're a, you and I, we didn't get along. We didn't get along because you couldn't control me. That's why I did it. You were going to go to the freight. You would have sex with me. That's why we did it all. It was a cold at all. I played. Your ego is just really riding a little bit too high, son. I killed him. I told you all that anyway. The book if I did it. I mean, you just have to think about how stupid this is. Okay. If I did it. I'm going to write a book called if chickens pee. You know. And the early pages. Oh, did a scrab is falling in love. And the cold went to his a beautifully young blind. He gives vivid details of the collapse of their marriage. And right to their divorce and mid the calls of fairs, including a fling with his best pal, Marcus Allen. Finally, the disgrace hall of flame, or gets to June 12, 94. The evening when a double murder in Los Angeles made headlines around the world, he prefaces these key pages by almost half-heartedly claiming that this part of the book has had the medical said the source. But I don't think anyone is going to become its to that. The working title is, if I did it. But since the account of the double murder is so detailed and chillingly realistic, with O.J. as a central figure that leaves no doubt that it's a confession of what really happened. This important, the West Coast sources, Simpson's blood-curdling story of them from his 90. Do you want to hear it? Do you want to hear it? Do you want to hear his virgin of a sure? At 10 p.m. O.J. writes he was at his rocking-and-home packing for a trip to Chicago. When he was unexpectedly visited by a friend he calls Charlie. Charlie tells O.J. he's just learned that a colded drugs and took part in kinky three-way sexes. The source who would see in the manuscript, O.J. explodes in rage. He's worried about his kids and he tells Charlie's had enough of such things such an understanding ex-husband. And he actually describes the cola as the enemy. Simpson writes that he and Charlie jumped into his bronco and grew to the cold so many times he'd do no more than scared that hell out of her. He describes parking behind her condo and putting on the wool capping gloves he wore for golf on cold days. Then he grabbed a knife pieces he kept in the bronco to deal with crazy's reveal the source. But Charlie snatched a weapon from his hands. From inside Nicole's condo O.J. could hear music playing and son of cool-hiddler candles. It was obvious he thought that he was expecting male company while their kids were in bed upstairs. O.J. was furious. Suddenly a young good-looking guy walked through the gate. O.J. didn't know Ron Goldman. I didn't believe when he claimed he was there only to return to pair of glasses and call him other luck. And the restaurant where he was a waiter. Suddenly Charlie appeared, hurling to head off trouble in his handy-held O.J.'s knife. Simpson writes that he angrily accused golden of having to affair when Nicole says the source and Ron denied it. Just then Nicole opened the front door ring of revealing black cocktail dress and demanded what the hell was going on. Ironically, Ron's fate may have been sealed when Keto, Nick and Nicole's dog came out of the house behind her dog Goldman and rang his tail. O.J. you must have been here before. Looked to dog recognizes you. O.J. O.J. writes that Nicole fluid in trying to punch him. He says he ducked in sheep rail hitting her head on the ground and lying motionless. At the same time, Ron Goldman went into a defensive karate stance. Charlie tried to drag O.J. away but instead Simpson grabbed the knife from his friend, pointed at Goldman and challenged him to fight. Clearly, O.J. was in a jails rage. The next fatal moments are our blur according to Simpson. He writes that it doesn't exactly what happened the next thing he remembers is standing in the dark. Listening to the pounding of his own heart. He put a hand to his heart and realized that his shirt was covered in blood that it did. They saw Nicole lying. Life was curled up in the fetal position. Golden was dead on the ground just a few feet away. O.J. O.J. says he was in a day is asking himself who done it. That's when he saw that I was still in his hand. It was covered in blood and there was blood halfway up his arm. You've had picture? Yeah, one who done it. Kato. He said he was still trying to work. Now is that the real Kato or the dog, the dog, the dog, done it. He said it was still trying to work out what happened when terrified Charlie whispered. Jesus Christ, O.J. what have you done? He's trying to solve brother. O.J. Then one must have been a moment of high drama. Kato, the dog, suddenly howled and they saw him Douglas覺gerning, was always fascinated when aggressive. Hoffsier know what their average selling money is there anytime we let Mark see if three-~~~ buits are chasing a hijo. When he asked me, he stopped smoking and the같 of smoking. As seen, I noticed he left bloody foot friends, he talked with him. At once he went totooth and Chef Wyford win the house to the neighborhood property, a neighboring property, shower and food ishikot, was it nothing gonna happen? Simpson says that at one point he thought maybe he'd wake up and find he dreamed a whole thing going to the source, but his nightmare was real. And Fred Goldman says he ain't getting a dime, he hasn't gotten a dime and the hub m and dreared, that's what he said. I like that. I bet you're gonna go out there and get that book. No, I don't need to, no. That's right. You want to hear any excerpts in the book, I'll read him on here so you people would save your money. Steve Irwin, death video revealed, crock hunter tried to wrestle giant sting rate and work out to good. M&M accused of assaulting his adopted daughter, but to good thing he didn't go to Africa and tried to adopt some daughter there. Like, maybe he's not. Steve Irwin, steroids make you bigger strunger and dumber, which explains a lot about football players, I guess. Well, here's the eight year old, the dark-complexed preacher man, eight year old child, walks tall in the pulpit. Oh my god. Paris's bruises, can you see them? She got a lot of heavy and a pancake, man. Brad named in bombshell hooker, tell all. See all these people are dying in a rack-based and a bunch of fascist lies. And America's worried about Brangelina and a benefactor. And a runaway bride that he did, and that bitch in, uh, where, what, what, what was that in the bomb? Herruba. Oh yeah, ruba rhymes with q. Cue! Cover the tuba. Brad named in bombshell hooker, tell all, plus Angelina breakdown is direct center over the age. Oh. Sex for sale, blockbuster reads like a Hollywood who's who the shocking new book, everything is shocking. You notice that? You see, they're chilling or it's shocking or both. The new book hooking up is going to have Hollywood husbands running for the heels to escape its outrageous charges of bizarre illegal sex debates. The just published show all is written by four women, two called roles a porn star publicist, and singer Jennifer Young, daughter of the late Oscar winner, gig young. An additional accusing Brad pit about hiring a hooker, which is a whole story about that here who cares. The authors make several incredible claims, including the departed star Jack Nicholson paid two call girls a thousand dollars each to perform sex acts on and during your cocaine and booze fuel party at his home. Who to thump that, huh? Yeah, and. Taven Cossner still married to his first wife Cindy, party with a call girl to five star hotel, and we've ordered her with a t-shirt, what a big spender. Wow. Joe Pesci, met a call girl Olivia at a nightclub, she claims the diminutive dynamo took her back to his home with two other girls, had sex with them one after the other. I thought it was going to say one on top of the other, but that would be bad. Charlie sheen like 18 year old girls, and enjoyed heading her call girl dressed up as a cheerleader. Robby. Rodriguez-Favorite flick was on, Debbie does one? Dallas? Dallas? Sridario, a big bombshell, a shocking exclusive. Diane Sridal leave GMA Good Morning America over a few with Barbara Walters, who cares. New playpales, play if you can and pee me hermit or honey was hottest on couple. Little boy. Goes on. Oh, what a cock, man. Nicole and Keith's desperate bid to have a baby. She's already seen it for a totally specialist. Maybe somebody ought to draw him a roadmap with a few arrows on it. I can't hear you. Shocking, truth, there's another shocking story. Oh my God. Behind Brawl and Grayson anime, hateful gayslurs could get star kicked off the show. Isaiah Washington's job may eventually go, the Boris Kodjo. Tell you what thing, Boris looks pretty good to me. 33 year old soul food star, Boris Kodjo. You know who that is? No. You know who, well what is this show? Grayson anime ever seen it? No. Conhid Isaiah Washington hurled a vicious gayslur one of his co-stars during an onset Brawl. And the ugly explosion of hate is ripping apart TV's number one show. I never seen it. I never heard of it. I've heard of it. No, but I've heard of it. Everybody can't stop talking about it. Really? Let's be spectacular. Wow. Last week the inquire broke Blockbuster news that Isaiah 43 choked Patrick Dempsey 40 and on October 9th fight on the set of grays and that. I mean, now we can reveal the secret behind the outrage. The Mealy has set off the WWE 3 on the show and may cause Isaiah his job and insider totally inquire. All the insiders all the time. You know what's happening inside his door? How many castes divided over the shameful event? How do the shameful is the UN-LIFIU game, but what could be? I think what they had to do is just give rid of that football program and you wouldn't do it, you Josh? No. Give rid of it. Why not? You making any money off of that? Am I? Yeah, are you involved in that in any way? Not at all. You're rid of it. Let's have an institution of higher learning over there, Don, and truly. And cut the crap, okay? Would I get into ball? I don't know what that bull crab. And of course, as far as FIU is concerned, what does that deserve story? But you're pranks. Anyway. Why is the inquire where I've crucially revealed last week? Patrick and Isaiah clashed over cast members being late to this set, right before shooting a scene at Prospect Studios in LA? I hated discussion quickly, escalated the violence when Isaiah snapped for real my goodness. And one point as a yield, I'm not your little faggot like so and so name-related, according to the source, those who have heard him were stunned, little faggot. I mean, that's somebody else in John, little faggot? A little genie, little faggot. Because it extinguished with the blood, the inquire was withholding the name of the coast that are targeted by Washington, the extreme nature of the slur, a little faggot. During the brawl and in rage, Isaiah grasped Patrick by the throat and shoved him with FIU feet, the violent behavior in case the slur had serious fide jeopardized. Isaiah, there is this little faggot. Yeah, and the song, too. Seriously, jeopardized Isaiah's future with the show of civil source. Ironically, there had been talk about Isaiah leaving this far back his last summer, law before his funeral tactic turned physical. He's written down and getting physical with a little faggot. There were rumbling that Isaiah wasn't happy to the direction of his character to disclose the insiders been considering moving to the African country of Sierra Leone, where he recently discovered his family roots and bought a home in some property to build a hotel. Then, were you always wanted to move to Sierra Leone? Oh yeah. When the writers developed a present pot line in which to hand to Isaiah's character, Dr. Preston Berkish seriously injured, and his careers put in jeopardy gave producers an out if Isaiah suddenly decided to leave the show. Now they could use the story line to show him the door. Another source closer to the show reveals executives already are looking at potential replacements and said that 33-year-old soul food star Boris Kajou who's a very light-complexed fine-looking young man is hindalist. He looks seeming smuck him, looked like the bottom of my shoe on a bed day in the cornfield. A portion of the cast feels that Patrick has been responsible for the violent outpersons Isaiah, and they don't want to see the show's brilliant chemistry damage by losing a key star. This must be a hell of a show, a great anatomy. So, are you going to watch it? No. Oh, Brittany's quick and easy plan to shape up. Now, let's go back and start. God, just amazing. People have set with celebrity crap, you know, and we're interested in for saving a dying dog. And his pictures are a little, what are cute puppy? That's sad? A little bit. A lot more of these judgmental people need to be dead and more of the dogs alive. One part and not enough for a Mario Lopez who cares about him, huh? That's that alleged rapist from that. There was not an awful show. He was almost the unsafe by the bell. Yeah, that's slater. He's already the stars. I never got that show. That's slater or a tinker bell. One of those. How are we doing on a pull by the way? We're going to have like a gigantic number of hosts. Welcome back today. After a very well deserved vacation, 1248 deaths not so great. It's not bad. I got five now. So I guess fat boy in the fat family evolved. The biggest thing. So let me tell you why this is real rock. You're so forced, video 560. You shoot 8M. L people are ISOs. Are you a loser? Oh, fuck. Down to the shrimp point that dead boy. Oh, fuck. Another and another. Another and another. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. He's saying honey, honey, honey, fuck. Oh, fuck. When you take your back, it's a drive it. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. That's handsome. It's no slow motion with this. I've got a whole thing in town, I'm not liking to a big. Think it a perfect slow-loaded flat. If you want to buy the bill, get me a camera attack. Hey, fuck. Hey, fuck. Hey, fuck. You're just a man of the ones they've got. She's no out of these people they've got. That's that big, stupid shoutin' down. That's that that's the big. That's the big, stupid shoutin' down. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Come on 19 and five, 60, WWE can't fucking mad dog come up at two o'clock to a clock to power hour the hump or in the mad dog together between four and five and then Hank five to seven, pants are preview of seven o'clock and I any interest and the pants are in a Washington crappettles of the uh... and Washington at seven thirty you didn't play that bit for any particular reason did you when we were that didn't just get another email did you know oh because I did saying here the hour leads pali you want to fasten to me i'm passing until you know and i wrote him back thanks and uh... where the monthly is in stop the emailing you know and go away okay you don't work for qm any more okay you're not connected with the show you've got nothing to do with us i know you've got a obsession fact boy but go away we hate you we can't stand you and addition of which during the nine years that uh... the show's been on this station and we've been that higher you you ever sold anything on a show anyway set that one diner that went out of business with the a wealth of brown lettuce remember that place yes i do go away okay you and people to a match made in heaven have a great life together and leave us alone you know we've talked about this so many times over the years people you just pray for them to go away and it is won't do it you know here's a fact says during this is a pretty sad yes is uh... let's see near why this fence is vacation last week in mimey tom Brady also spent his by week last week in mimey both come back on the care from vacation on fire with ready leading his team to a win a meal putting on an entertaining show is there anything you want to come out and tell us new yeah right since time seems to spend all of his all time down here and now we have thought machines this is mean that we see more of you now as for the poll math budge even put her on her uh... math but but you're gonna put it on we are there he claims you got a nine share on wab we see a christie's on the middle of the night on Sunday night he also mentioned he saw a catman here as bupristic remind me but didn't say a word about the worst in post report that republican national committee officials wind in dine him at the forge which i'm sure they did last of that was about the blah blah that airtakes when he called you from david port i was and again when you went up to tampon did you show together from his studio and you're absolutely correct your voices must better now than was then i had what does that mean my voice is much better now than was then okay well i can't get to quickly no i actually what happens is that when you weigh about eight thousand pounds which i did back in those days it can stretch your balls you know and you can start talking like like that i wonder what his excuses huh by the way when you see these and extrapolate the actual number how about you pardon i suppose that the ten to three number when you see the actual number not a good number well what is it i got an eight point oh what do you mean you got an eight point i mean i got it on the calculator that's what i mean my math i got an eight point oh my calculations you got an eight point oh my math so you'll have to check my math in other words what i did the equation i got an eight point oh jurors got an eight point oh oh let's take a look at these hourly oh yeah i'll take it one thing fast boys are pinning the answer but he's sure more useful when the ratings come out than our program director hey let's hire him yeah you're hired fast boy just the out of our here look at that big finger standing up in the middle of their monday through Friday in this church on his graph it's a graph wow we we've changed the term instead of morning drive and afternoon drive it's morning dive and afternoon dive but keep in mind that the court line of was only in place for like a matter of moments right isn't that the excuse correct enough to study where probably now midnight to one in the morning means this is meant twenty five fifty four all in it's we've also got the whassie one two doesn't look at that kind of like a course we're good when you look at the number of people listening through as compared to what we got morning my i don't want to go through all of this do i look at that from one to five in the morning over nine out of my city got a oh point oh starting to do that you'll take out a oh point oh how do you like that and of course we got a oh point eight midnight to one in the morning at he case got a four point six sure they got a zero point five wow five decision of morning we got a three point and it goes got a three five six to seven he's got a three one he got a one six so the big goes holding his own would of course he'll still have to seven eight a m say I don't understand this what what does this mean what does this mean how could they have been as in the morning if these numbers are correct I don't know they got a one seven a one seven and a one one in these seven to ten hours and we got a two five two one and two eight so how to have to be a beatinus something stinks there's something really smells rotten baby something is an aroma could put you in a coma I'm going to move to Tacoma yeah there you go how is that possible I don't get it it's a six to ten and they got a one six and then we got a two six I think parents are is seated more sabotage for Kenny and both your full of a parents know I mean I got those numbers right here they say the same thing on that sheet so I have some some things wrong somewhere something stinks in the actual pages and question there and and you decide I decide what what are the numbers are the trends that we got because here's what he sent me six to ten he's got them with a two point three and we got us with a two point one correct on his not correct that's what he sent us we got a two six they got a one six to your disson our morning thing now the new morning uh wrecking crew and sports show and it's wrong clearance I think you have to be taken out in the parking lot in and tartan fed of course whipped no shoe I'm going to send you the uh the morning numbers at least the perfect and the bunch of crap okay whatever you got this any a file a crap all read it mid days here we go let's do the break though first wow look at that look are they making some inroads or what over their midday oh none and quarter this afternoon's we had a two eight and a one seven how how did he ball it up so bad you know of course you win idiot okay if Joe Bell doesn't come in here in fire is asked right now I want to know why okay even tell me why one thing I want to know Joe it's oh my god get him out of there this kid couldn't read a book if you stuck it up his uh eyeball he's got any idea what's going this is our fearless leader maybe he's busy looking for another job we can only pray maybe he was responsible for the big brawl that you end game what you think you can't spell scumbag out clearance 26 past noon you follow him saying these numbers don't actually he's on the head up yeah I'll tell you what does that admit his buying a great chivey from my good friends at Lou back home chivey where I've been buying him for over 20 years now I've a chivey I just noticed what that boy said is spring 2006 thank you that boy at least I'm even the right numbers yeah this is a train set a tie yeah he's he's messing with us going to help that boy okay you turned you tough yeah just more game plan okay would you ignore him please I'm begging you please ignore him kill him put him on a spit and roast him like a pig can I get back to Lou back or something more pleasant now got my two great Corvettes in uh 2004 2004 and 2005 for anybody might be interested and you can't him I love him and of course I love Lou back or two that's why keep going back and back I never buy a car from anybody else there's service there's sales people and selection cars are the best and their prices cannot beat me anywhere they take fantastic care meat give me tremendous unbeatable service I'll do the same for you that's why I've been going back for over 20 years now and right now it's Lou back Rochivy's raised to 1000 for the first time in their history they're going to sell over 1000 cars in this month they got the largest selection of new and used cars including the hot new Corvettes which have you never driven a Corvette boy you haven't lived they got trucks in SUVs and minivans the biggest selection anywhere around they've also got used cars starting with just 3995 every one backed by a car fast guarantee Lou back Rochivy's out to sell 1000 cars this month I'll stay open until midnight every night to get to that thousand number forget the price make him an offer they'll be any deal more money for your trade 0% financing rebates up to 6 grand whatever it takes they'll make you an offer you be crazy to refuse only and Lou back Rochivy's with two locations for their in pop at obese quarter mile west of i95 look for that bigger American flag it's bigger than your house and it co-kind of quick on 441 just have a saw grass and don't forget they're staying open till midnight every night so get over to Lou back road right now get the best deal you ever have in your life on a great new Chevy or check them on the wicked web at Lou backroats.com Porsche Radio 560 a phone embarrassment what a joke in music stores now tell me you Abu Gara, Abu Gara, Abu Gara, Abu Gara, well I've tried it, no I've got some on special board strength, injury, leg of the car, and it's strong. Abu Gara, I don't know what you're doing, well I'm assuming you're not going to get on the other room, Josh is off to take it, who knows what, but you know that the fact machine sends it all at once, it was already through there before you started complaining the first time. And he said, you said, you said, you said, you said me whatever you got it. Why don't we invite this? I mean like monthly numbers and then if that voice sends you any more anything, just take it and shove it up on your heart, ripped everything out of the fact machine that I was going to send you. Just kill him, okay? Just take him and put him like I said on a spit like a roasted pig. Anyway, 73 is the actual number for where it's worth. Yeah, the midday number. Who's that the MSU just exactly? That's the MS right here in the air. Right, and who was second? Oh no, no, I just have ours. Well, so how do we know we're number one? I just figured. Who's bringing you this information? I'm afraid it's all part of the fat boy package. So the fat boy package. Yeah, except this one actually says summer on it. Oh. Would you stop with him? You always had this obsession. You're still getting it. Oh yeah. You don't get it. You're obsessed with party. Especially when you try to throw you into the musk with that treasure island crap, you just won't get it. I tried to tell you, I tried to warn you. You want to listen to me? Tell them a corpsman can be independent. You can write Israel admits phosphorus bombs used in lesbian on. He is ready to government is a minute for the first time that he used controversial phosphorus bombs during his 34-day war campaign in Lebanon. Cabinet minister Jacob Edery confirmed that the army had used the bombs to attack military targets during its war with his Belange line August. Previously Israel had said the bombs had only been used to mark out targets. During the conflict, doctors in Lebanon reported treating civilians who appeared to have been hit by the shells, which lead their victims with severe chemical wounds that can be fatal. The reports of the Lebanese president Amy La Hood, who accused Israel of breaching the Geneva convention, which bans the use of white phosphorus both as an incendiary weapon against civilians and an irrotest against military forces in civilian areas. Yesterday reports in the Israeli-Dane newspaper, Harwitz revealed that Mr. Redway confirmed the parliament last week that had used the bombs during its operations this summer. He did not however provide details of whether it had been used in any civilian areas, but maintained that the weapons had been used according to international law. And why is it that we have to get this information from Fat Boy when our program director's busy fill in his face with lunch now? I give up. Speaking on behalf of the Israeli Defense Ministry, Amir Peritz, Mr. Edroy said he is really Army of a whole phosphorus munitions in different forms. The Israeli Army made use of phosphorus shells during the war against his beloved Texans, military targets in open ground. Many human rights organizations, including the International Red Cross, have first to a complete ban, are using the bombs on any human rather than the protection towards a very incurliable against the epidemic convention. The admission of the use of the bomb comes as a 12 year old boy was killed in Lebanon after the ordinance from a cluster bomb exploded in his village in Haltah in southern Lebanon. And the sound continues. I'm dying on the hair. And the purpose is like, well, what about benefit? What's this guy doing with benefit? I would like, uh, Brandy Alina and with a deal of no deal, right? Absolutely. 137 votes on the pool. All I want to know, I would just want to make sure that we're number one, 10 to two, we're getting that bonus come out of my mind. Always put someone advantage but to confirm that. Somebody in management? I already got the facts. The email. 13. Oh, wait. We got past 13. I think we got a shot of 15. They don't you have 15 votes? Yes, I do. Wow. Miss Buds by the way, don't have any votes. Probably because nobody knows who the hell that is. Silly queen versus Silly ass hat, cover up his bald spot. Son of Hussein to be murdered for the GOP rights Joshua Holland on the smircling chimp. So, as you know, just two days before Americans go to the polls this November, a verdict is expected and want to saw them who say in his trials, he and his coat of vengeance almost certainly get to death penalty. You've got to be extraordinarily naive to believe that the timing isn't intentional. For last two new cycles before the vote, Pudits will point to the verdict as a tangible sign of progress in Iraq, even as the country stands on the brink of falling into total chaos. It's on the brink. They had our own inspector honor on one of the talking edge shows yesterday and he was asked, well, you think that Iraq is in the state of civil war now and he said, yes, that's all I said. Yes, the trial has been driven by politics since it's starting to go down with a much of crap that we didn't care about. We care about it? Not really. No. Just a timing of it. They look so much suspect to me. Surprise. You know, we got two weeks from tomorrow, man. They can come up with lots of crap between them and you know that. Sure. We see it before. So what about those dolphins, baby? They need to just imagine if we were listening to this force, he was which we're not. Hey, do you have that facts by chance? Do I have one? The FX channel. Up there. Uh, no. Okay. Well, what am I missing? Somebody make it. Is James Franco wondering, naked? No, but close. If not better. What's the darn that phone play this? And I can't think of his name. I'm going to be a little bit more quiet and polite with the shirt off and glittering over his chest. And doing what all of his hair glitter all of his chest. Very glitters on his chest. I thought he's too old for your glitters. That's the studio 54 movie or something. Well, I've seen that already. Okay. It's an Austin, Mike Myers isn't that. Yes. Right? Yes, he is. And you know something I got all the way to the end of the movie when they showed the credits. I had no idea that it was Mike Myers. Find the owner. That's how good he is. That's how good he is. He is good. Good Canadian boy, Mike Myers, eh? You know who I saw in biography speaking of pretty people the other day. I've seen it before. I don't know. Robert Wagner. You know, if he didn't look like that when he was younger, he couldn't have been in like last year come home. He was, I'm sure that he's as wooden as an old oak tree. He can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have any. And everybody loves him. They all like him talk about RJ. I wonder why he's a great guy. That's good. Natalie ain't too happy about him anymore, but that's beside the point. I mean, he's as dull and wooden and stiff as a board. I mean, that's why Natalie liked him. Maybe. Twenty-two-one, it's five sixty-w-two-way. I'm experienced a different than Mercedes-Benz of Pablo and Mercedes-Benz of Pablo doesn't matter what time of the month he purchased a vehicle. Whether it's one of the new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pablo, you have over 200 employees dedicated to providing comparable service offering express lube, rhymes with two per se vehicles and complementary car wash too. Making a plug into their business development center, you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles too. Browse Mercedes-Benz of Pablo's indirectspoe with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or just go to bends. Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pablo Colman, one-800-new bends, you'll find them at I-95 and Copeland's road. That's one-800-new bends for Mercedes-Benz of Pablo and Mercedes-Benz is like no other in the universe. The biggest thing is to sell the best challenge to the business wheel rotors for a video for the world. You'll find the best way to sell the best. You'll find the best way to sell the best. Still Rogers, good! George Rodriguez, no good. Where do you hear what they say? It's all next on Mary Gidler. Play it in as our special guest. He's in generally the gay life is more accepted. I know I'm in. He was so wait a minute. What's the big deal? What are you in my final life? Did you know my business anymore? Not then against being gay. What are you? I don't really have so much control over that. I'm kind of a... I'm a George George. Tom, as a hypothetical. Oh, hypothetically. How's that? Um, Graham. Ah-ha. There was just a quarter of this for it. Turn the other cheek and all that had to think. But, uh, back down. You get it in the mold and not get it on the tooth. I'm getting it. Yeah. And I'm pretty good at hiding it, I think. Let's take a call. Independence, Missouri, hello. Play. I'm in a fan for a long time. Can I see your package? Yeah. I don't know. Oh, oh. It is. It is. We'll be right back. Oh, God. 1245 at 5. 16 WCM. Thank God. My voice is so much better now than I was back in the last few Wednesdays. Squeaky. That's the voice he had that day. Yeah. Since the Mar Fullly scandal broke early this month. And increasing attention has been paid to the hypocrisy of Republican leaders. And there's an website blogactive.com. And they're outing Republican Senator Larry Craig. Yeah. Saw that. Oh, you see that? Posted that story. I did one last week. I'll be there. Did you read it on the ear? No. Who the hell knows that is? He's a senator. Is he from Idaho? Yeah. He's from Idaho. And of course he's just another one of those. Yeah. Who would care if somebody is gay? Except for the fact that he's voting against the wrong interest. You know, it's kind of like the analyst, right? And Ms. Pudge, self-hating a fan kind of thing. Kind of like that. You'll speak at a gay. Ms. Michaels in the news again. Did you see by George Michael? No. Come on. I thought you were on top of the screen. Come on. I thought you were on top of the heavy duty stuff. Especially the stories. I thought you were on the satellite. George Michael, praise marijuana and apparently smoked a joint during a recently taped TV interview, prompting criticism for man's hydro campaigners Friday and London. British TV network, ITV said to say, or, well, being interviewed for the arts program, the South Bank Show, interviewed with the broadcast October 31. This stuff keeps me sane and happy, Michael 43 told a program. I'd say it's a great drug, but obviously it's not very healthy. You can't afford to smoke if you've got anything to do. A spokeswoman for the South Bank Show said the interview had been conducted in Madrid's Spain where marijuana consumption is legal. I don't know that. Do you know that? No. See, you've been in like a glove over there, man. You could be smoking a big fat one speaking in this. Finally, you're eating at the fried bowl, whatever they call it? On my way to see Jose. In September, Michael launches 25 live tours first in 15 years in Espania. Earlier this month, the former Wayne singer was given a formal warning for possessive surgery when he after police found him in Slumpover to stay in Wheelerville, his car, and North London. He has issues. He was also a carian for possession of the drug in February. marijuana uses can be sent stuff to two years in jail for possession in Britain. The one practice most people found was small amounts of this given a warning in another way. Paul Korea spoke for the mental health charity we think said Michael's comments were stupid and naive. Senators and presidents don't have men killed Michael, who's being naive now, okay? Where did you spot the responsibility of the drug community of action? City was concerned about the message. This can sit out to young people. Canada is easily go because it can be harmful. It's all drugs. He said Michael's public said the singer had no comment, but he had a good time. I'm just excited about that. Throw. So, Liberty is baby. There's Hillary. Public inside. When you're gone, please. Please, liberate. Amand said pay those from Hillary. She's got two chances. None. And much less than none. Don't you think? I'm talking about a winning election. No. And you win. No. Member Sam Noun from Georgia? Senator? Some of them are something you would never listen to on ready. We got 1332 votes. Religious program 468. Rush Limbaugh 293. Hip hop music 151. Bill O'Reilly. 118. Heavy breathing. George Rodriguez. 89. You're up there at the upper level. Neil Rogers. Good. George Rodriguez. Sports talk 57. Country music 52. Era America 35. I hate this poll only 31. Amir 2.3%. jazz 16. Classical music 13. Neil Rogers now got 6. I got 6. Public Radio 3. And miss Fudge. So far, he's got the big zero. Bigger. I didn't know he liked the bigger. Rock solid. If Democrats win control of US Congress November 7. Election would turn the capital upside down. And create a political nightmare for the already embattled president. If his Republicanism majority Bush would hear newly empowered calls to withdraw US troops from Iraq and would suddenly face promised Democratic-led congressional investigations with subpoena power into the unpopular war. It all these lies. Bush was public approval ratings are below 40% 36 to be exact and laid a scene in full of the show yesterday. But also face Democratic demands he offer mainstream rather than right-wing judicial nominees if he wants him confirmed. Bush's fellow Republicans apply to rubber stamp to much of his conservative agenda the pasties use including tax cuts that when largely of course to the rich. Polls show Democrats running a headless than three weeks before the congressional argument. If they went control of Congress from Bush's fellow Republicans, they would challenge Bush on French regime from his warrantless domestic spying program who was energy and health care policies. In some ways it would be a nightmare for Bush, but in other ways, could be an opportunity said Norman Ornstein, a congressional scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. Ornstein said Bush would announce his Democrats' soft on terrorism, could move toward a political center, and we talked to Democrats in his final two years in office to overhaul US immigration laws and make a Lou Damsanati. You watch all those Lou Damsan's now on CNN where he's screaming about to distract in the middle of the past and all these illegal aliens like George Rodriguez coming in. A solid one and taking everybody's jobs and their money away from them and making the average wage like about 40 cent an hour. You'll rot your, whoo! George Rodriguez! No good. That's what Lou Damsan said. It sounded like Scotty Mcputt was really Lou Dams and a higher register. I'm sending you some monthly. And I'm sending you some things that Clarence just gave me. Oh, that Clarence gave you. He actually somebody already got their calculator out and figured it out for him. Hey Clarence. You're in the middle. Okay, you got a Clarence, you're fairie. He is as slow as molasses man. Not to mention ugly. Okay, if he looked, there would be one thing, but he's ugly. And annoying. He's not just ordinary ugly. I mean, a lot of us are ugly, but he's ugly in a annoying way. And I'm saying. You look at him and you think, oh, that's a sports nerd. I'd say, he's not always tamed games and it canes stuff, you know? That was ugly that seemed last weekend. What was done, I should leave. You have to say about that. Oh, she called up on 10 foot and they were 10 foot and not better. Do we still have that? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, we are. Oh, I want to. Robert Parker, very cool. Oh, you're beautiful. I want to establish it the other day. The U of them said we need you today. They didn't offer that as always. Just went it with Paul. It's so good about school. He's at school. We had food. See, now, Book of Brian chicken, I sounds better now too. He did back then. All right, guys. It's a big blow. Doesn't he? He does. I've better every year. I've been there. I'm serious. He's gotten so much better. When you put him down with that old stuff. You can't see him. I'm making a cookie. You couldn't even imagine. Sure. You know, it's probably the big bust of my good, whatever he's got. State of the art recording studio. Yeah. Like, what is one of the real old ones he's got? Where he can hear the difference? Stand there? Oh, like, it's the talent. Would be perfect example. Oh, that is his end? Oh yeah. Trust me. Okay. What about him, please? We'll clear you, Rob. Let's see. This George is birthday. That's not the one. No. It's 16. You know, can't play that anymore. What about this one? Yeah. It's like chopstick. Being played with chopsticks. Easy. I want ice cream. You listen to those you might only. Let's show the day it's time to all that ice. You've never done it by no way. And they are totally, totally. Your story's no new. No, no, no. It's always difficult for you to be. I'm not going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. Okay. That's the other one. There's another one. I was going to see more Ricky Tinky. Ricky Tinky. The map. I can't think of what it was. Okay. Here's some numbers that George has passed me on my. Ricky Tinky new facts machine. Let's see. WMBM. Why do we care about that? Oh, I see. This is a 10-A-M-2-P-M. What about this? I just bought a flat. Why do I hear about 2-4? Whatever he gave me a facts to tell. Oh, Jesus God. I know how much he's like wasting. He's not up to usual standards. You know, I didn't even look at it. I just stuck it in the machine and said, well, what the hell would you do that for? Just because that Jack asked brought the stuff in there. Let me just said you wanted to have you. You know what? Good. George Rodriguez. Still good. God. Oh. Oh, no. Come on. You could see how this class machine works. You would just cry. I'm ready to do. 2-4. Okay. Big was number one. This is men 2554. Target demographic for those ratings. Experts out there for the people I've trained in these ratings over the years. Big is got a, what? Eight. Between 2-4. Eight point. Oh, woo. Heavy. Doody. That's why I'm trying to tell you we need to see the attended 2-1. You're sending me all this other crap. I don't want to care about you. You're a scholar there. This is all sports garbage. I'm sorry for the redundancy. What have we got between 2-4 here? Where the hell are we? We're number of time for 16th. With a 2-2. We got a 2-2 man. And a mad dog never looked better than in 2-2. That's out from those gully numbers. And the jerks are 1. And of course somebody else who is in it earlier. Dota, Dota. Four to seven. Big. What, big headache. I said a lot of wet diaries over there. And I squad people. I said flat boy, wet. We're in diaries. 7.7. Where is the QM and where? And what about 2-4 for the, the claim across the street there? Wanshee. Did they make the cut? Are they on here with all? all as I can see with a 1.6 oh two point oh how do you like that two to four what did we have again I forgot we're right about in two two and a two oh it's a four let's see four to seven uh where to how are we are we in 18th 2.3 and we actually uh 20th of the 1.9 pretty tight that's that big bogeys are just let's that drop out of there they're gonna drop like a rock there's more numbers oh man of course the uh the the 10 to two numbers are less than the stack because those at least important ones on the station that was sarcasm five to seven in the morning how one of five has got in 11.1 man those hip hoppers are up early they're hopping on it early 11.1 and I do you believe that between Chris and nobody listening well that's just it how many people is that count about 30 men big is uh not a six four is number two in that hour and at those two hours where's the big oh where's the big oh huh maybe he's not as rock solid what he was I'm looking for you because he's got a one one oh my god between five and seven and morning that's week a one one week and where's our buddies across the street and they make the cut they're on the they're on the list do you see him five to seven eight wrong we got a two six they kicked his ass they kicked your ass what you're not rock solid like that you're looking lower in their higher yeah they're much higher they're like number 12 and he's number eight million he's number a time for twenty-third oh my god that's bad what's just coming out is this something I might be interested in like some time that we care about seven to ten in the morning seven to ten a.m. how one of five's on eight eight big eight oh that's your buddies who do real well when strings on serious for her wst j-69 a lot of you on more five six where the hell are we six to ten more in waxy's got a two six and we got a two two three this still don't give me the monthly's by the way this is the summer waiting board right now we don't have a course after the break maybe then we'll find a get around a midday which of course doesn't come for anything there's a lot of things now that's the thing who is there about our rock stronger not that he'll be agreeing passtira I then the round similar Pure P There's what we do to the show we've been through today But the earth was a disaster Let's go to the top of the portal and go bother for the defeat Here's the building noodle for sure down Just in round up Every night in a safe safe world rocker You better tell us what we wanted to do Well, rinse it down and leave it with your tears Hop or pull it and go bother for the defeat To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city To our side of the city You better hear it, hear it We'll be donned by our us As of right to his quienes Who dressed the door and go bother for the defeat So, like we've found out that he's down there with Clipper Trash and Ron, come on you can come up for air now Luke. Let's see, 10 to 2, and then 25, 54, the summer waiting book number 1, WQA in. I like that, I totally care. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure. Nice job, George. Nice job, bro. Nice job, Boca Bryan. Nice job, Clarence. Not. Let's see, QM is going to, we got a 73. And that what you just said before, that's what you already had this. Yes. Well, I didn't have this copy. You had the time. You had the time. You had to send you at this point. Would you forget about it? Listen, I want to judge to take that machete that sitting on top of that cabin right right at the end. I want to go over and whack you over to head with it. Stop. An offer to fat boy, okay? QM73, Big 5, 7, we kicked their assman. Top with the 5, 6, see him, see him, QM55, life of 5, 2. WLG was time for 7, 4, 2. So we had a 73 and an ad for 2, then includes a rush. Wow. How the mighty helmet is a fattest fall in, you know what? Waxy is number 19 and midday they got a 17. Woo! We got a 73, they got a 17. It's good re-tight there midday, Joel. Not. And never will. And WYZ, skier America's 24th of a one-one. Al Franken. Yeah. Yeah. For two more to the year. Nice going, Al. I'd rather have the two more in in the one-one. You know, you could have the 73. I'll take the one-one in the two minute. 13 ever in the 68 votes on the poll. I told you it would make 14 and I thought we had a shot of 15 there, but John should quit leaning on it. I really don't care what you do because I want the ice cream. So do it. Don't do one. Ice cream. Why not? You're ice cream. We also have a ice cream. I want to show you something. We shot in the shirt for your interview. Al. Bam is died. Quite a MSNBC. Fairfield, Al. Bamm. Have you heard that? No. Are you not texting me more numbers? No. Because there's something over my machine. I'm going to be really upset. How many of you have heard? We'll still wait for the month, please. And they're working on it. Here's a point. Here's a point. This is how one of five is old R&B. I call it the anti hip-hop station. It says Earl. Well, thanks, Earl. It's old R&B. I would know because I don't listen to how one of five and have it in, oh, I don't know. A long time. Have you? You talking to Josh? I'm talking to anybody either. One of you, anybody who will respond. I don't care if you guys are going to come back. Am I talking to Josh? Next time. That's not my bag, baby. By the way, my friend Dick Feinberg, a pop-in who's a great guy. We're having dinner. He says the average list around there, they really can't tell. He says, but you know, when he listens as long as I have, you can tell when you and Georgia are in the same studio that we may show. Yeah. Which he thought that we could go Friday. Remember you went on at one? Mm-hmm. And he was positive that I was doing the show down there. Uh-huh. And I said, right. Sorry, good guy, but things, you know, nobody can tell. He can tell. We're sitting there like, uh, making eyeball contact. Which quite frankly, I think we would both pass on that. Bush's family profits from the No Child Left Behind Act. A company headed by President Bush's brother, and partly owned by his parents is benefiting from Republican connections in federal dollars, targeted for economically disadvantaged students that will be no child left behind act. Isn't that when Mark Foley was a sponsored No Child Left in your behind? Right. With investments from his parents, George Herbert Walker and Barbara Bush and other backers, Neil Bush's company Ignite Learning has placed its products in 40 US school districts and out plans to market internationally. At least 13 US school districts have used federal funds available through the President's signature education reform, the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, to buy Ignite's portable learning centers at 3,800 bucks a piece. The law provides federal funds to help school districts better serve disadvantaged students and improve their performance, especially in reading and math, but Ignite does not offer reading instruction and math program will not be available to next year. Neil Bush said in the email that the Times that Ignite's program had demonstrated success and improving the test scores of economically disadvantaged children, he also said political influence had not played a role in Ignite's rapid growth. Right. Interviews in review of school districts documents obtained out of the Freedom Information Act found that educators and legal experts were sharply divided over whether Ignite's products were their cost are qualified under the No Child law. The federal law requires schools to show their meeting educational standards, a risk-loosing critical funding, if students fail to meet annual performance schools and meeting in math, test schools must supplement their education offerings with tutoring and other special programs. Most of Ignite's businesses have been obtained through a sole source contracts with not competitive bidding, Neil Bush has been directly involved in marketing the product and the beat goes on and a rich good richer and everybody else. That's it. That's a rich, very. A little one. By the way, I'm not really too happy with my GTS press. No. Now maybe maybe it's the egg beaters that I'm using now, but they they stick. In other words, when I use regular eggs, they always like like, you know, like you'd expect them to in a non-sacrifice that you should be with the law before you use it. They slide right out. They're ready to slide right out. Before you eat them and after as well, but the beaters stick. But the egg beaters like they stick to the bottom and you take your special and you like it's like a, for a in my line of mong you get out of there, you know? Have you tried Pam? Who's she? It's his wife. Now why is Pam going to make any difference? Because it's what it's made for us to keep stuff from stick. I'm not going to work. Okay. I'll try it. I'll go on and get a can of Pam today. I'll get Pam's can. And if it doesn't work, you can always huff it, you know? Those, those inhalants. Don't get it on your face, that egg beaters. Yeah. Your stick. You're really sick. So one thing about George May he lives in. He is on another planet. We're on the earth. He's on Uranus. He is just in a different existence. No question about it. That's what makes him so intriguing and bizarre. I'm really sick. Sick. Anyway, that's it. That's it. After when we got mad dog come up with two seed and stretch about that. It's all because it's like, yeah, let me finish two. We're cursed down here. Can I plug a minute? Six, baby. The same thing. The same thing. I think is over before we never got started. Even Josh would agree with that. Yeah. Who's the new coach going to be? Come on. Let's have the press conference at one thirty. And we'll get a little sound here early. Let's have a lunch at the press conference. We're introduced to the audience to new dolphin coaching staff. What a joke. One and six. And it would be one thing if they were playing like, you know, a playoff contender schedule. But they're playing like a little girl schedule. I could play Houston and lost. They played the Packers and lost. And they all again, they did win. They didn't. They lost that. They didn't. They lost to the Tennessee Titans. No less. Am I right? You heard you're right about that? And by all right, they should have lost that game. Except for a penalty at the end of the game. They would have lost that game. They'd be 0 and 7. Can you imagine? Well, I can't even imagine. Now, the shring and the gnashing and the thrashing and the rehashing. Oh, my goodness. It's going to be ugly all week long. And the end. In fact, you have two weeks of it. And then what's going to happen with the bears kick. They're asked right there in Chicago. They're going to be one and seven at that point at the midway point of the season. I've a first day games. One and seven. Even George knows that that sucks and George couldn't give a crap less about any of this. So even he knows it's pathetic. What's humiliating and disgraceful is what it is. Oh, what. Oh. Ha ha ha. It'd be bad. God. I would get really nervous there to the end of the game. And it looks like we're going to pull it on there. But were you watching a Josh? Yes. Well, a lingo, you know, hit the goal post. Oh, yeah. There was still hope. But Joey, every time he gets going, throws a intercept hit her and hit him. Yeah, but you, I wasn't his fault. That was the penalty. Because he actually kicked the first one through. When, I mean, they didn't call it. But you could see the verner was good. Yeah. And they got to five yard penalty. Was it delaying? Game over whatever it was. Right. And he hit the upright. No good. We need no mind. You're very sorry. Now we need to keep kicking. Keep kicking. Go away. Come on. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. You just ran out of control. My phone was ran through. Wait. High school with a little more internal study. The physical attributes of a butterfly are some. I don't remember that kind of showers naked together, and they wouldn't even in Jim class. 113 at 560 WQM, let me tell you again about my good friends at Lou Backroach, Chevrolet Abba, Zidin, Cars over there, and the reason being that nobody gives you a better deal, nobody gives you a better service, and of course nobody gives you a better price as either. You can get the same spectacular treatment I've gotten for the last one of yours when you buy over Lou Backroach. And right now, it's Lou Backroach Chevrolet's race to a thousand for the first time in their history. They got the biggest selection to do in use cars ever, including the Hot New Corvettes, the ultimate sports car that greatest vehicle at any human could possibly drive ticket for me. They got your trucks SUVs many vans, the biggest selection anywhere around. They've also got used cars starting at just 3995 bucks every one of them backflack car-fax guarantee too. You're loved doing car shopping at Lou Backroach, no high pressure, no BS, no games, and Lou Backroach have to sell a thousand cars this month, and they're staying open until midnight every night to get to that 1000 number. Forget the price, make them an offer, and they'll be any deal. If you're a train, zero percent financing, rebates up to six grand, whatever it takes, they'll make you a deal that you won't turn down. Only a Lou Backroach Chevrolet with two locations of incomparable beach, a quarter mile west of I-95, and a coconut creek on 441, just south of the SWG, rest expressway. Don't forget to stay open till midnight every night, so get your answer over to Lou Backroach right now, get an unbeatable deal on a great news show you or check them on the wicked web at LouBackroach.com. The biggest name, so best challenge, this is the Rogers Course Radio 560. Hey! The biggest name, the best challenge. You've gained right, I'm fired up here at 527 this thinking morning. I'm tired of what's going on in David. It's embarrassing. Get it fixed already. Have a hard out there, and it's so thick and embarrassing every time the head coach gets up there after another stupid lost and I'm proud of my own. One more kind of embarrassing round. That's not really funny. You're an embarrassment. It's a big old land of welsi Gary, 430560, QAM. Hey! Standship, howmenor, tuckers over this performance by the golfing. Oh, right. Well, if you learn old timeers, then you don't want to get those high-rules. There's a friend who wanted to drug them, scum along. As your grandson, if you can use his bones, my doctor just called me on the phone. The elderly must get scum. Well, get scum before the early bird buffet. You'll sit there and you'll eat jello all day. Get scum and drive even slower in your turn. Get scum and watch the jeperly with a fortune-hower. Guys, Medicare cover home run! The elderly must get scum. You don't get a million dollars. Remember who lives by the world? Well, fact. Yeah. We could add a character on our show called Mothan. I'm just thinking about that. I don't know why. Oh, I just set you the hour mark, please. And I have the waxy monthly, too, if you want those. Oh, save them. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead and somebody will be a guy. I enjoy seeing this fast machine, cute things up. I asked you this once before, I guess, you just grew up in a different era. When I was a kid in the basement in Rochester, we had, I don't know what they were like, like newsletters that we, I think we did it for school. Like gelatin, like a gelatin printing press. You know what I'm talking about? Okay. What do they call that? A ditto machine? Yeah, a lot like that. And you'd like write something out. And then you'd make copy of it in the gelatin, like in gelo, right? You know, like the gelo that your wife is poisoning with the press on any face? Right? Did you ever do that? You have around those? Well, that's kind of like a step away from this very limited individual facts, my sheen mom. But you know, something there's nothing wrong with it. Works as fine. Just slow. Yeah, it's a little slow. So what's the big deal? So the next time the numbers come out, I don't need all those pages anyway. All right. That's what Mark Foley said. Just one. Yeah. I don't think he said that about one hot one will do. I don't think it's a big deal. It's a long. It's a big deal. I heard he said. Oh, I speak of that highly appreased accused of abuse of apologizing to prisoners and like that presover and multi said about Mark Foley. See I thought he liked it. He seemed to be enjoying it. Made all the right sounds. Oh, my god, and all the well, numberless. I highly appreased the resound earlier this month. And then allegations that he sexually abused an alter boy. And admitted to errors of judgment and apologized by a letter ready to prisoners during Sunday Mass. The Reverend Gustavo Miade, who has been a staple at a macular concept in church for the past 15 years, agreed to resign. How come we never heard any more about that? To miss there with what was the school's rush in crossbrings? That was ramblewood elementary. Yeah. How come we never heard any more about that? They made a big deal. But you wanted to lie? Why? Because I switched over from MSNBC. I made the fatal mistake of switching back over to CNN again. Bad, bad move. I'll have to check that out. For many years, I've been deeply played by the events Miara's wrote the letter by Philippe Estovaz, a zealary vision for the arts dices of my me. If you're sending me any more numbers, man, they're like, not happening. Sending page. Oh. I prayed for God's guidance. The only conclusion that I could reach was that I had to be true to Christ, my priesthood, and you, my beloved community, explain to all concern my sincerity, great. And repentance for any pain brought on by errors of judgment that I've made wrote errors, who would not publicly contest the allegations that we'd distinct down. When they say that they've only scratched the tip of the iceberg in this prescanial, it's not even close. Not even the tip. It'll like that like the tip of a sharp pencil. That tip. Of course, I'm sure that the father's touched a few words in his time. But they like that. But they enjoyed it. They see. They see. They're essentially wrong to me in his letter. Brought to me, odd reactions for many sitting into wooden pews of the church on West First Avenue. This is in Hiolia. Many parish news declined to comment, angered by the attention of the kids's brought to fathered gusts, as he was affectionately called. Hey, pop. According to the lawsuit, the father-in-day county, got a circuit court to form our altar boy identified as John Dough number 25, claims he was sexually assaulted by me on his and the Reverend Pedro Jovae, while attending summer camp in 81, it's an invented to publish a seminary in Boyd and Beach. John, though, who was around 14 at the time, religious debuts included, finally, oral sex and satomy. We ought to sit up at him on the priest purged by the arse dyes he's following the 2002 Nationwide Abuse scandal. There had been no complaints in his file at that time. An investigation of the matters that I'm taking my mere exposure of John C. Feverola, wrote in a letter also read Sunday to Persheris. Father, mehades and I have met. He decided to resign from the parish and seek appropriate help. Finally, replacement from mehades is likely to take another month of Bishop said the truth makes us free. Estabested after mass. The truth tells you free and how about an altar boy for me. He said, I don't know if it's happening on luck. I take a look at it. It's done sending. Oh, ribbon. I'm thinking the ribbon being empty when I just said, you need to get one of those good. I think that's her. Ribbon empty? How many pages do you send me? Like, I would say, about 30 minutes. All together today? Yeah, maybe. Well, Feth, how long the ribbon is going to last? Oh, I'm getting good at getting good at getting good at getting good at getting good. I'll toss that. Expensive. Expense my ass. That's the expense by the pound. So speaking of ass, this Madonna thing of course, no show would be complete without a Madonna story, right? The father of the Malawi environment on a plans to adopt and at a fresh twist of the saga saying he never intended to send to be adopted by the pop diva by that bitch, but only for her to raise the child of his behalf. See, you know, she's getting a lot of crap and deservedly so because everything she does is just none of the publicity stuff. Right. But, and what about the father? He couldn't afford to raise the kid so he turned him over to the orphan. Well, if you can't afford to raise the kid, don't have one. Go be making big and big. We can't afford it. What a good idea. That's not what the Catholics say. Oh, also what I say, George. And the interview with Roderus TV and his home village of La Ponga on Saturday, you're a honeybondus and Madonna asked that to be able to raise his one year old son on his behalf rather than a child should become her own. Banda stemming his image or shift from his earlier martial arts life, we can't even reel against human rights groups that have gone to court to stop Madonna from adopting his son David. Had they told his Madonna wanted to adopt my son and make him her own son, we would not have a son and a son and his local language of Chichua. To Chua, I don't know what that is. Some crap. It would have been better for him to continue staying in the orphanage because I see no reason when my child should be given away forever when I can feed him. He said, see if contrary to what you were just a mouth and off about. He can feed him. Madonna's anger and rights groups with a plan to adopt young yad David Banda, who left his native country on two day last week for the entertainers home in London after she was granted temporary adoption rights by Madonna authorities. Another publicity stunt, you know, just like Michael Jackson, the same same crap. Only he might have a better faith than if a Michael Jackson would not have been asking a story. Who knows Hayden to keep my like it? He liked it. And so Michael said, he liked it. Yeah, he liked it. He'll try anything. Some of her something you would never listen to on radio. 14, every three of us, man, I'm going to tell you, Josh would have been so woken about that damn buck or lucky victory. But as you're lucked out on that. Hey, call me. What? The call that I said, they sure made a phenomenal comeback. That's right. Okay, so they looked out. Look at that. John Spencer, the candidate in the yard, can we ever see the picture of Hillary back then? Wow, I don't know why I'm not by Bill Murray and her. And now he started with tax effect that she's an ugly bitch. Nice princess, you know? This, right? I mean, who never heard of John Spencer? I heard of Spencer Davis. Yeah. I heard of Jerry Spencer. I heard of Spencer, the car wash guy. Spencer for a higher, right? Yeah. Robert Wagner, man, it was just a mazes me. And you know something, the Fed, their own reason he was good in the arson Powerful, because he is so wooden. You know what I mean? That was the role he played. Oh, you forgot one by the way. What's that? You got to know this because it's really, really old. Ha ha ha. I haven't got no idea what that is. It's a Tracy's theme by Spencer Ross, 1960. Spencer Ross was a big hit. Racing from Roosevelt with Spencer Ross to San Verbs Dean. I can see it now. Racing from the off here. I'll take you around. I never heard of that. I heard of it. But 14 O6, really this program, 493, Rush Limbaugh 311. We kicked his ass by one. Little George kicked his ass. And spite of whatever Scotty Max is about you being so bad. I'm supposed to take that. I know that. That's why it's funny. And Jesus, boy, you are really, you're just going to tell me off the earth. Whatever is going on with you. George has got issues. No question. Here, 526, the Bill of Riley, 129. But it's 129. But it's 129. Followed guys, you're a way to win. George Rodriguez, 91. Sports, sports, stock, maybe. Who without awarding you to put that on there. Intercented to age. Uh, companies of 54 era, America, scare America 35. I hate this point when I get 22. 31, 2.2%. Jan 16, Pasicolina, 13. Neil Rogers, 7. Woo! Matt Rogers got 5. She's right on my butt. And public radio only 3. Out of 1406. We got a shot at like 1450. I guess. The biggest data shot out of 1050. And turn. Out of stock. We're going to find 60. You, A, M. This is on what was due. In Dr. Phil, the crack addicts stay in it's your house. What have you, one of them depicated in my roses. And another one made love to my lawn cherub. Deal with it. What? You're what am I supposed to do? Get him to leave. How do you feel, man? How do I feel? How do you feel when you spit in your face and cause you disgusting. Telling her, let's go. Shut up, dude. Get him out of here. Do it. Feel good. Look. I don't want feelings therapy. I want the naked homeless guy to put his hands on and stop helping my chihuahua. Hey, I'm a damn sexy thing. What are you doing? You know, he's saying as we saw a bunch of things. I'm 32 and I'm like, I'm mad doggy too. I'm going to be a lot of shring and crying about them. Dolphins, one in six to six. And next thing, an Arizona's over. Bye bye, Nick. Everybody hates you like poison. So, anyway, I look at my users guide for this very primitive, cheap, fast machine I got. Changing the ribbon. The starter ribbon prints up to, guess how many pages? What did I say? About 30 pages. See, it's just no sink in it on me that you said ribbon. Right. As opposed to ink cartridge. Right. That's how primitive that's. So, I wasn't lying when I said dotting. It's like those gelatin printing presses where you save as kids. And then it's got instructions about the, and of course, any time you buy anything like this, they always give you a starter cartridge or a ribbon or a starter something, which is got like about ten seconds worth of usage to it. To make sure you've got to go out and buy a real good full size one. Right. So, you know, you know, all I really need a big fancy printer. I know, I've already got my brother. The other one I was just fine, but it's hooked up to my computer for printing out all these a great bedtime stories and stuff. I just need a long phone connector. You know, I'm talking about that's great. Right. That's all I need. So, I can use it as the fast machine as well. I got the all in one baby and just tossed this thing right out the window. Put it out there. Put out there and poison the pigeons on my patio. Try to hit somebody that's walking by. This is a Toronto the good man. We don't do stuff like that. That's the same Miami. Keep her gay. Plus, I got the Tom Brady and the other room he's hanging out. Neville Amons campaigns to send it to a Jewelie. We're going to stay able to account for $387,000 in petty cash disbursements. His campaign made in the final days before the state's August Democratic primary. So, this guy called the hell we ugly. So, what's the big deal with that? Nobody knows who he is. He's not a Chinatown. He's handsome. Hell. So, here's what he says. You know, I don't. Is he ugly? Yes. I mean, there's ugly here. You can't even see that. I said I just want to aggravate your ass and works at the time. I'll aggravate it. Whenever this much cash is stolen around, it certainly raises suspicions of possible vote buying and other potentially illegal activities that the Librimon campaign must answer. Liz DuPont deal. The Lamont spokeswoman. It's crucial for the public to know what they were doing with his slush fund and when they were doing it. What are they doing? And one more day, I'm doing it. The Librimon campaign yesterday. The United New Wrong doing. Julie Ruben, spokeswoman Tommy Sun, Tammy Sun, said the cash payments were made to campaign courtenaders in the field who then distributed money to workers who involved in canvassing efforts. The payments to workers, many of them, students, range from 50 to 100 bucks a day. So, I bet you, I'm our colleague, it could top that. This is just another reckless charge from a desperate campaign that's obsessed with reliving the primary, said the Librimon spokeswoman Tammy Sun. The fact is our attorney is assured us that the petty cash expenditures and the rest of our FEC report is in full compliance with laws disclosure requirements just as every campaign Julie Ruben is run for the past 18 years has been. They've been saying he's got a big whopping lead. Lamanica, the Chinman Chanson Hill. And the phone, how do you combat that? That didn't track very well. I think we're doing it. We're doing it. My pleasure. You're just asking the open you guys into the P.W. and your phone. Good, Mr. Sun. Yeah, we're, we're, we're, we're the wide go to get it to get the record straight. That I made no such comment about her being ugly. No, she is though. You can say what I mean, I mean, you want. Well, not anymore, but you used to be able to. William Rubers, P.W. I saw some of the best craft that we ever use on the show on our website and then I sit here and read on here. And I'm sure that there are people, some of the sportsers in the building saying, oh, do you all, you just just there are read stuff on the air all day for four hours? What kind of a show is that? What's that kind of do with ball games and Josh Feefs and naked guy, seven, each other with towels on the ass? Voring stuff for a bunch of old tourists. Well, guess what? Looks to me like an our demographic group 25 to 54. Looks to me like we did just okay. I'm including with Georgia on there 60% of the time, even more than that, and August. How do you like that? Which means I could probably take a hell of a lot more time off starting right now and still keep our number way up there and be number one. What do you think about that? A bad starting, maybe tomorrow sounds good. If I've maybe starting right now sounds good to me, Clarence, you jackass, you, uh, you fair, whizzling. William Rubers, P.W. P.W. I have time to do this before the break. I don't think so. In fact, you know what, maybe it would be a good game or a game playing game plan? What? We like to play this right now and then. The biggest name. So this is talent for the faces. The rocker's for 20560. You, A, B. Play like men and they look like women. Dallas, man, one. One. What is your emergency? Uh, uh, uh, there's only Dr. Tager no more. Are you thinking about hurting yourself? Maybe. I don't know, maybe. Are you surprised about something? Money problem. Yeah, no. I make a half a million ever Sunday. You're getting paid, yo. Ha ha ha ha. But she's not a woman. I'm a world class every. I'm ripped. What's the problem, sir? Ha ha ha ha. It's a death. I've seen something so nasty that it makes life not one blue no more. Okay, what should you think? I saw Bill Poncelle walking out the shower. Ha ha ha. I can't get that out of my head. Oh, damn. So now I know what I call him, dude. Come back, bro. Come back, bro. There's a place hanging there. We've sent someone right over. So the good news is you can go ahead and facts me whatever you like as I. I slud the table over to scum the other the all in one brother. You slud it. I slud right over and I hooked the a faceline in there. So it's just sitting there percolating waiting for you. And I heard the dial tone is all right. I got to think already to go. So the important craft that you got there, which I'm sure can't be all that important. Well, it's done. Yeah, as far as I know. Well, I'm the fact that I can. You done it again? No, I mean, I said the monthly. That's all I said it. But did you recent it? That's my question. Yeah, yeah, here comes. 143 a QA. I'm 17 minutes to the mad dog. And I'm too soon by the way. We seem to be having a communication problem. You can tell we're in the same room. What? William Rivers Petta, major event. He says a lot of smart people have been saying for seven years now that the number one tactic deployed by the GOP during moments of political stress is simple and straightforward. They aim to scare the almighty hell of the American people. Both up to terrorism mornings, plastic sheeting and duct tape, mushroom clouds is proof. The list is all too long and varied only in the depths of coolly calculated the gravity displayed by those who would so fear to maintain power. A new low it seems it's about to be reached. Steering down the barrel of potentially historic losses in the looming midterm elections, the Republicans have chosen to fall back on their tarot, tried and too method, states sponsored psychological terrorism. In this case, the terrorism came in the form of a commercial released on Thursday that all the guarantees the schooling evocations of American blood should Democrats find their way to victory at the polls. What is that fast-tookin in yours? How do you like that? It's like magic. Five years ago, we pushed the Boston Globe shortly after the terrorist attacks of 911, the White House had managed TV networks against using video messages from Osama bin Laden. Nonetheless, the new RNC ad shows video of bin Laden and is teeth deputy. I'm in the Prime Minister's Waiheri, threatening the US with phrases such as, kill the Americans and saying the attacks so far are nothing compared to what you'll see next. The ad concludes with the words, these are the stakes, vote number seven. The desperation within the GOP ranks is difficult for Mr. and Commercials like this at the airwaves, whether or not it will work remains to be seen. Americans need to ask themselves if they can trust the GOP leadership said the NC press secretary Stacey Pachden, which is failed to keep us safe on Osama bin Laden still on the loose, Iraq is in the middle of the civil war, and North Korea's testing nuclear weapons people are looking for leadership, not fear-mongering, she said. The desperate, how many pages are you factoring by the way, because I haven't sitting here here on it, they might not be able to see it. Good, God. The desperation is difficult for Mr. Yes, but sometimes it's astonishingly obvious. Take the followers statement from Fred Barnes, executive director of the right wing Michael factory, the weekly standard. Barnes, every the optimist when it comes to permanent Republican control, warned the faithful in this week's edition of a pair for a total wipeout of the polls. Of course, there's a little time left for a major event to occur, Rhode Barnes toward the end of his article titled, How Bad Will of B. North Korean Vontest wasn't big enough to change of course of the campaign, so Republicans may have to rely on their two-rating assets. They have more money than the Democrats, and a voter turnout operation seconded none. There it is right there in black and white. There's a little time left for a major event to occur, Rhode Barnes, who went on the lament defect of the GOP must fall back on their two remaining assets. Ergo amassive terrorists attack with huge casualties, and the rise of total fear-mongering populist is an asset in the mind of Barnes, one that sadly for Barnes doesn't seem to pass. After all, there is a little time left for a bloodbath to come along and rescue the Republicans. The worst part? Simple. The worst part is that few find it surprising in a more to see Republican surely for a devastating attack, so it's the main-tain power in Congress. This from the week-if-you-safe party, yesterday's operation is indeed there for all to see. Not to be the bearer of bad tidings from Mr. Barnes in the GOP, but a major event is already taken place several of them, actually. Are you, K. Gardiner, a total title we've lost a battle for Baghdad, U.S. at Mystery Portses, follows. A day after George Bush conceded for the first time that America may have reached you, for a little bit, Ted offensive and Iraq, the Pentagon yesterday admitted defeat in its strategy of securing Baghdad. The admission from President Bush that the U.S. may have arrived at turning point in the swore, the Ted offensive led to a massive loss of confidence in American presence in Vietnam, comes during one of the earliest months for U.S. forces since the invasion. Baghdad is lost and the presence comparing Iraq to Vietnam is that's a pretty major event. The Shiit militia run by anti-American cleric Wontata al-Sauder, sees total control of the southern city of Amara on Friday reports in Europe times, and one of the bloodiest the boldest acts of defiance yet by one of the country's most powerful unofficial armies. The Moth the Army fighters stormed three main police stations Friday morning, planning explosives that flatten the buildings. The events in the city highlight the threat of wider violence between rival Shiit factions who have entrenched themselves among the majority Shiit population in our blame for the killing of rival Sunnis. Another Iraqi city is lost in a civil war between Shiit and Sunnis now spread the civil war between Shiit and Shiit. That one would say is also a major event. Beyond that, of course, are the casualties, much has been made in the media about a blade of the number of American soldiers of Inquil recently. 2787 troops have been killed since the invasion was undertaken with 74 of these that's coming in the month of October alone. As bad as this is, these numbers don't actually reflect the calamity of this war's visit to upon our own forces. The Department of Defense's own reports tell the broader tale, it report from the Defense Manpard data center, at least it out in the start to tale. The total number of non-mortal casualties among American soldiers stands at 44,799. After this the 2787 soldiers killed, we reached 47,586. A typical military division has been between 10 and 20,000 soldiers, which means the casually severed by our troops in Iraq to date, amount to be between two and four full divisions that have been damaged or ultimately erased. The Army and Marine Corps have 13 active divisions so at the worst end of measurement, Iraqi occupations have set the full third of the fighting strength of the West military. A typical and extreme-powered call in this major event, unfortunately from Mr. Barnes and the GOP, these aren't the kinds of events that will serve to help them at the polls. The virtue of irony, of course, is that the socket patient has been used to bolster the GOP in the last two elections. The fact that Iraq has now become a catastrophe to further Republicans is in the end, perhaps the most major event of mall. What have we got on the facemachine here? Look, please. Well, here it is, just we try to back all my gun. When you said 30 pages, you were just... Not 30 minutes? What is this? It's armamentally the end of Waxies, but please. Oh, well, the audience still want to hear all of this. Five to seven a.m. where the hell is Waxie? No, I don't see. Look at that, Muffins have tibred in the morning. We had a 0.9. Can Effy Reich and Abbey Osir is at the Waxie. That's QAM. That's 5 to 7. No, that's 7 to 10. Oh, 5 to 7 is a 0.5. Woo! That's on sound too... Rock solid to me. 7 to 10 a.m. in men in September we had a 0.9. That's what it says here. Must be a typo. 10 to 2 we had a 72. We bounding from that grotesque August when we got screwed. We got to load a got the Wire Diaries in August. That's where it goes. Do I? We had a 10-5. We wait till that drop soft next friend. 2 to 4 we had a 3.9. That's a big, big jump. You can be dangerous. If somebody, you know, will rock, boost that, Abbey Osir. In September. Nice one, Herr Maddog. 4 to 7 from a 2 to 2 to a 2-1. Oh my god. You know, is that us? Can't be us? No, it's us. Now let's take a look at your buddies over Waxie. They're over all number. They're not going anywhere. They had a big boost in August. Like I said, with a 2, 3 you got a 1.6 overall. 5 to 7 at the morning. We got a 2, 7. What do we have? It's kind of fun. We had a 5 to 7 at a 0.5. Oh no. We had a 0.9 in the 7 to 10 out there. They had a 2, 5. They kicked our ass bad. Mid days, 10 to 2. We had a what? We had a 7, 7. Who? I don't know. Are you got it? Yeah, I got it. How was it back up? 7, 2. And they had a 0.8. What's the point? What's the point? 2 to 4? They had a 1. Is that the booster? At least part of us. Yeah. We're seeing 4 to 7 at a 1.6. They suck. Like I said, they had a 1 bogus a month in their August. And now that the September came around, they're like the farm out the face of the earth is usual. Nice going, Joel. Keep pouring that money in there. And nice going with them. Dolphin. Excellent investment, by the way. When you say it's a good investment, 10 is 1 and 6. Now that the next evening air is rapidly coming to a close. Can you believe that number in the morning showing some 10? That's, I think that's a record. A 0. You know who really ought to be laughing up and sleeping with that? Dol, Dol, Dol. Yeah. I mean, he had some lame, mostly when he was doing the 2 to 4. Lame, really lame. Remember that? Sure. A couple of ones. I don't think he ever under did a 1 though. I don't think he ever broke 0. I'm about to say 0. Yeah. On the bottom side. He always had a number to serve with at least a 1. You know, sometimes the end of him always a 0. Oh, and nevertheless. But these guys just started, okay? It's a sparture. And Volcancourses, if the sportures is worth it, that we're the evil, we're the evil doers, we're the enemy. Don't forget to Kim in the Vol Morning Show, 7 to 10 the morning. Be there or be square or whatever. And don't listen to that whoever else is on. Hope that slime ball. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. I'm going to tell you something. With this current sporesmoffee, do we got a QM? There's no tellin' how far we can go, you know? And stop and think about it. They got a what in the month of September 8.9 and we had a 72. And now what was you have to know? And two something? I already put them away. I can't stand. I can't look at anymore. In September? Yeah. A three something. That's right. Three nine. And that's nice to see that's why we have mad dog back on them. Again, so we can like hold on to some of these numbers here from 10 to two. Some little of them in Georgia's big numbers. Have you heard of them? Keep some momentum going. That's a little bit. Do it. Do it. Okay. Let's see how many votes we got in the poll. Okay. So summer broke. Nobody cares about the summer book. That's always a good excuse. We always got to turn the story. I care. We kicked ass here. Baby, we got our ratings bonus. We were number one. We held them up by our bootstraps. It's about 10 they started to show it a little number in there. Throw a little number in there, Kenny. God. Point nine my ass. 14. 14. 406 votes on this poll. I bet you if I refresh it we got even more. You know what? Nice. We're shooting for 14. Fitting. 14. We're going to do it. Some of something you would never listen to on the radio. I'm five away to help with that. Rush Limbaugh 319 hip-hop music 1.62. Gillo Riley 134. George Rodriguez and a very, very solid fifth place. Aren't you proud? Yeah. I'm always proud. 94 votes for George. I would never listen to you. You'll Rogers. GOO! George Rodriguez. Nilka. Sports top 59. Count to me is a 57. Square America. Only 35. I hate this poll. Only 32. 22%. Jazz 18. Who wants you to have that? 94. Pancicle music 14. Neil Roger 7. Mr. Judge 5. And Public Radio. Solumentate Trace. The biggest name. So best challenge to the business. We all rise. One, which radio 5.60. You a M. God. And the sports car. You proud. And the boys get what you're doing. And they're going to be the best. And the boys get what you're doing. And the boys get what you're doing. And the boys get what you're doing. And the boys get what you're doing. And the boys get what you're doing. Yeah. We're doing burlin'. Second full national music. We're Porking malice bream pardon. Uh oh, we can't touch! Stupid. We called the Berle-coer. Oh, dad that German was in air for half an hour. But more good to step into! Sit, sit. Of this move right ahead. Freeze! On circular motion... Imagine flying with them, And two stars And they'll normally hit on the groundometr 76. Correct? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, Oh,Oh, Ohhh, Oh, oh, oh, oh,Oh, oh, oh, Oh, aht, Oooh! Oh, I want you to be in the potato, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, that way! Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, Ooooh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, , oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,<|en|>, oh, oh, oh, piano 1- Ray fig, Bye, bye, bye, bye