We say Well language is easy to speak There was Sandy Peyton Sandy Peyton I thought he said I couldn't understand a word he was saying I hang over. I don't know something like that. Do you know why to get paid today anyway, did you? Today? Yeah, it's a director positive day. Yeah, it's supposed to be. Why? Why? It's not a heck of a game man. It's driving me nuts. Oh, wait. This is driving me nuts. What do you mean we're not getting paid today? No. No, no. No. What do you mean why? Because it's the beastly effing way man. You better get used to it. You're expecting to pay it on payday. You got some nerve Mr. The clampets aren't coming up with money today. The Yahoo's over on a west coast didn't get to the deposit. This is the second time it's happened in the recent memory. They didn't get to the deposits to the bank. So all the people who thought that they were going to get paid that they didn't get to the deposit anyway. All the last time has happened, I didn't get paid on payday anyway. Which is five days later for me to 10th. So what are we supposed to get paid? The car says we're running around trying to figure that out. I see. You know, there was no another. So don't make any big bets between now and the Tennessee clearance. Well, I'm leaving town tomorrow. This is a nice time for that. Right. And of course a lot of other people have already like. I might leave town today actually. Yeah, you and me both. There's no real one coming in. You know, no pay, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. That's my philosophy. Yeah, me too. I don't get paid on Monday. If that's how I go to up at my house on Monday. Bye, bye. I'm taking an extra couple of weeks off. What does this mean? They're working with corporate to resolve this as soon as possible. And as soon as I have more information, I will pass that along to you. What I got information for them. Adios, but arrested a week. Good for you. I ain't coming back to work this week. Go on strike, man. Exactly. I mean, they only have one obligation to me. And that's to pay me. On time. Speaking of plants. I knew this would put you in a good mood. On freaking believable. On freaking believable. That's wonderful. That's wonderful. That just makes my day. Yeah, everybody else there. How about all the push-lippers that it worked from not in the hand of my paycheck to paycheck? Yeah. Some of them. So, I'm talking about missing any meals. I don't want to mention any meals. He's sick today. So we get all of them. There we go. More money. Different. See what missing any meals. I can't lose a mouse. Yeah. This is a company, man. This is a company on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange. Yeah. Well, you know what? It's screaming about this rear thing. Why should we expect if we have paid the phone company? Doesn't get paid either. That's right. That's why they couldn't pass me stuff. We're yesterday because from not from down the street, it gets ready to run the buildings. Or along this, which was all cut off. And obviously, they didn't pay the bill just like the RectV. These people don't pay their bills. They're a bunch of Yahoo Red and Exhibitor in Naples. And they got this bits that they brought down. Who's like a hospitalization lawyer of some kind. Who doesn't have any backgroundness industry. And she's telling me we can't say this and we can't play for it. So I guess watch Joyce. That's a raspberry for you, honey. Bitch. That goes for me too. Yeah, there you are. Well, that's who you'll give her a raspberry. Come on. Yeah. Oh man. Oh God. She just wiped my forehead off. That kind of old way up here. She needs. Is this unbelievable or what? Yeah, this is. Oh, places up at arms and clerics is in there. And I said, yeah, I asked him a question. He said, well, have been over that part of the building. And I said, well, if I was you, if I were in fact, got on that. But if I was you, I'd be over there right now instead of talking the small talk with me. Oh, I came into see you. Of course. I said, I bet you can wait. Okay, you idiot. Put it down there and find out if people are going to get paid or not. I mean, you know what, what if we didn't know? You know, I was like, yeah, and you haven't. And you know, I'm sorry Martin, you checked it. I'm like, we're going to go to the bathroom. Who's going to pay for the bounce check? That's right. Who's going to pay for the ATM fees? No, the other path that people are running around. I've tried to like put money back in like George. Yeah. I'm just saying, fortunately, I went money and lost Vegas. You know, thank God for that. That I want money and an agra. I talked about becoming a successful professional gambler. You know, I didn't realize that working here is like putting money into a slot machine. You don't know what they're getting back. This is right up your alley. Every payday is like pulling the slot. That's right. This is right up your alley. At least you're experienced at this. Well, I got to line for that. But Joyce, I get all of that out of shape. We don't care. Center right up her alley. Yeah. In fact, I think it's 10 pan alley. That's where those guys belong. You've been there. You've been a national. I'd be a good place for these pumpkins. Wow. Country pumpkins man, pretending to be like big shot radio executives. The beesley George Beesley said there's and Caroline Beesley said that at Bruce Bees. And it is so much of a mudlum. So, okay, they can't get your people paid on time. They can't pay the full company. They can't pay as a direct TV people. I'll say one good thing about having Greg here back in the day was if that happened, he'd reach in it was pocket and then how he did. Well, maybe he did for you. But, well, you think Joe Bell is going to reach in it was pocket? He could've seen Joe Bell that I talked to on Monday that was going to get right with George and Josh and you know that was his fault that he hadn't gotten their deal straight not, but and I keep asking is anything going on with that. Yeah, the conversation. Unless he wants to be, he's to do the show tomorrow. Yeah. You know, he was worried that I was going to play music because I joked about that one day. Maybe that's why I do a Motown Review tomorrow starting tomorrow. Does this violate our contract? Well, I mean, that didn't pay it on payday by life. Everybody's say you got a verbal contract. I mean, whoever heard of working in a place, even in a mom-of-pop growth, It says in your contract when you get paid. Right. That's right. My tech is doing Monday the 10th and I got news for it. If it's not there, I'm going to be on a very low level. So, if you and I wanted to jump to another station tomorrow, we could do that. Well, what station would that be? I don't know. Please don't tell me those. I didn't say that. Jesus, God. Now come on. Go from the frying pan. The fire. You think they're checks it out of clear? You'll have to have $3 and a lot of dollars on the dolphins in a first season. Are the cox sisters still alive? Cox off hoisted in, man. And what would they have? Cox sisters. Oh, I'm out. What a memory you got. That would be like starting when you call a cats and time. Let's dig her ass up. Hey, tonight the hockey game is over on the cat. Yeah, that's right. Cats are cats. Never those bill those bus board signs we've said. They do. The cat. Yeah, that's the cat. 1360. I'm old. But they caught it and they strangled it. What a station that was. Although you know something in retrospect, at least we got paid on payday. We can get paid all that much. We got paid on payday. You know what? They should have to hand the liver checks to us today. Yeah. Even if they have to fly to Toronto. Oh, yeah. Now, my name's not due to Monday. Oh, you're okay. I don't need it early. I don't get direct deposit because they keep making it. I'm blind that they can't give me direct deposit because I got. But you and I've been through this before. Yeah. We both have our own corporation and yet somehow you can get direct deposit and I can't According to them, which I know is a lie. I don't get paid into my corporation from this. From this job. Really? My other job I do. I see. But by the way, I can get paid into my corporation from Disney. Yeah. So why can't you get paid in it because of where you live? No, no, I just got them to do with it. What do you mean because of where I live? I don't have any Canadian income. What's the reason? I don't understand it. The reason is we don't want. We don't want. They don't say that. But we don't want. Who knows? Not suddenly. I want to use this. 25 days earlier. It's a look. You know, as well as I do, they're always postponing it. This company, kites checks. They postpone it. Right. The checks at the beginning of the month. And they hold a bit of drawer somewhere. And then remember the squiggled right used to put on the check. And then that was code for it means, Oh, there's money in the bank. You can release this now. That was his code for saying, oh, I approved it. Now you can give this out. And that's the truth. I'm not making that up. Remember the little squiggled used to be under his check. Yeah, I don't know. I'll check that. That's what that meant. And then he looked at it and they got enough money in the bank. And I give my money. This company is a joke. Okay. We need to talk about the employees living from payday to payday. They live from payday to payday. And they're, if we want to stuff people to buy their stock. Please, you and I ought to go on a campaign. We ought to go on a nationwide campaign. Make sure that nobody, and Ron wasn't bad enough for people. I got to buy this crap. Give me a break. We should go up and ring the bell on Wall Street. You can make an announcement. We got on my, it's, it's evidently somebody gave up the wrong facts. Number. This is a few years ago. And it was some poor guy in Philly. I'm sure Georgia members this. Some engineer in Philly who would kept sending them bills. You know, you engineered some of the baseball. You're on cast of, said, some of the three years later. And this guy was practically in tears. You can see that the tears, the track of his tears on a fast paper. Please, please have this is my 23-quest. Please pay me Ayadia. And they just don't want to pay anybody. That's the way they live. They don't want to pay their bills. What kind of dead beats don't pay their bills? What kind of deadbeat company does, has the satellite cut off because they're not paying the rectee do? That's right. The campus you got in man. They can never be bookmakers. Oh, they just take them along. You bet. The patient's like, look at Bratzy. It's right. Maybe some of the business will drop off sure when the best on the day. Maybe their best will drop out of dead-sufficient it. I don't like to see Joyce's best with a dead-sufficient it. Maybe they could save money, you know. Get rid of a couple of people over there. Yeah. Like, Joyce, you mean? For every day. It's a useful. I've got Joyce for starters. They may be like fart on here. I think a lot of people are farting around the building, so you can probably smell it over there. Can you imagine people coming there today? I'm talking about a little people, not big shooters like Joyce. I'm just about people that are living hand-to-mouth. Yep. And they expect, I mean, you know, I keep trying to explain to these people. Getting paid on payday. It's not like the rocket science. It's not like something revolutionary that's some great demand that I'm making or anybody else, you know? People expect to get paid on payday. You work for people. You show up every day. You do whatever they have your supposed to do. Or close to it. And that's it. Pay me on payday. That's off. And these four bastards are like, oh, I guess what? The deposits didn't hit the bank. And I'm sure it's like corporate why. Because last time this happened, it was the same crap. And then, you know what Caroline Beesley did? Maybe you forgot about this. She had the nerve, the Hutspa. She sends out a hostile memo saying, well, technically payday isn't really till the 10th and 25th. Anyways. Yeah. Not my contract. It is. People on direct deposit. We're doing it with a favor anyway. So, you know, screw off. And we'll get paid when we feel like it. No, that's the essence of her nice memo. Yeah, well screw you, Caroline. How do you like that? Some of the separate tracks that say otherwise. You're good. Pull their feet to the fire until they burn. Totally doing the green apple. PwySTep. Well, I'll see in a few weeks. I have a good time. Yeah, I'm all for a name. Well, I'm here tomorrow. Then I'm all for New York. And I got to leave a little early tomorrow. So, I won't have a crossover with you. I got a meeting in New York and four production meetings. Doing a wooden memorial on Saturday. Saturday right so I'll say hi to David all my good friends at the ABC I will do that Give my regards some if they need any extra help. I'm a great hockey broadcast What are you laughing about I am I know? Hell about hockey game man. Oh, you're not you're you're not going to the game tonight. I am Yep, they're not going to make it by the way got no chance They're in a tough spot. No, they're not in a food done. They're not the tough spot. They're just not going to make it They only got seven games left. I'm not sure all that that was two great games last night by the way And nobody watched him but the arranger fully game and I'm not sure I'll Boston game was like a playoff game was unbelievable How about those marlins? 11 to two died. I turned it on. It was 8 to nothing and then it was 11 and I think when they went 11 to two See all these people all the marlins are good, you know lose a hundred game well. Maybe they will yeah And we still want them on the back. See that's probably why they can't afford to pay us because they're busy paying the marlins The billionaires at own in marlins for the broadcast rights if I was the marlins I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for the next check either I think you got your finger on that one Okay, well, it's a have a great day Yeah, you can't afford to be gamble. I'm not going to wood by now not today I've got a better stay home. I wasn't going to gamble today And you know now I will because I'll see if I can do better You know and horses and I do here. I think everything every payday is a good Ambulna with a bee's lace. Yeah, they can't cut it. Let's take up a collection. Let's start auctioning stuff off on eBay Come on. Let's do it There's a lot of valuable crap in it building this auction to hold place. Oh, it's actually equipment off on eBay. Oh, it's not worth it Oh, hey, hey, you wouldn't get much for that. Oh, well, I'll pocket change get some Petty cash get some here, my Nana got some broken headsets here Oh, it's more and I got I see Bye And you not respect those at the busy dry test group. It does�便�そうですね Back this right Or George voices say But there's just two children, and folks knocking from Mexico. They're hiding in the trees when they've got the feds just at them free. They get fake, I guess. A 30's tenth of a million neighbors long. Your neighbors are on a bus. I'm bored and I'm all alone. And I'm sad that this is. Looks like we'll be talking up for our term, but sometimes I wish I had a chance around me. But I need a baby from our home. That's a bad news. These pennies did. It hurts to be in love and hurts to be dead. Well, I guess the pain has gone now. He's dead. And what were we just talking about, Jean Pittany, quite a bit of a day. Was there of his records? I don't remember why. He came up. He popped up and now he popped back down. Why, no why? Why is that? Because of this, because you were talking about the term. Our term. Or, can't without evidence. That was just a few of us did. He was singing about sound forward first. But tell it out, Pittany. Okay, Phil, we don't have time to touch you around the day, because we've got to let you in into our business. Yeah. Poor Jean, won't see him no more. Jean Pittany's dead. Don't assume him. I never realized he was really that ugly when he came right down. His strange strains look and do, very bizarre. That's okay. And by the way, you know, the media, first it was, wow, I mean, we went to the alien business. I've told you this for years. The media tells you what you ought to be whipped up to a frenzy about. Yesterday, I thought it was bad when we were on here during the show. Would it's just in very kidneys, a congressional hearing? Every news case last night, it was like a breathless revelation about this kid who, of course, had no idea what he was doing, right? Right. He's a victim. Right. Well, I got news for a victim of a pedophiles. The pedophiles ought to be shots for as I'm concerned. And this kid's parents probably ought to both be shot to, especially the father who was pimping him out. But the fact that a matter is, he knew exactly what he was doing. And then he immediately, oh, my gosh, he's an ace student. Can you believe me? Yeah. Right. Victim, my ass. But at any rate, that's a media for you again. You know, it was supposed to be all whipped up a lot just in Berry and whipped up about the chicken, a rouba and whatever else it is. The hot topic do you, you know, and whipped up about Katie Couric is now as officials, you're going to see me as, who gives a crap already, okay? But we'll read the story. It'll kill some time. 10, 14, it's five, 16, WQAM, or the health can't get paid. And man, maybe they can get laid, but they sure can't get paid. It's not good about you. Josh ain't too pleased about this either. No, not. See, even he, even he ordinarily is Mr. Non-Commitly. Even he is like a little, sorry, could tell right there is surely little, surely on it. And George is beyond, surely, because he already like went to the ATM and took cash out because he was sure was paid a, but the way direct to Posit would be there. And guess what, now he's got to go and put it back. Right. I hope you stocked up what you did. That's good day, order that Posit because you're going to be nothing but Posit for a long time now. Right. I'm going to hold family and the dog. Well, I too bad, tiny would still be here, you know. What if everything you thought you knew about your home equity? Turned out not to be true. What if the most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt if you're digital retirement planning, work giving you the best chance for success? Thursday, April 6, tomorrow, the financial education Institute is connecting a free seminar for South Florida home orders and settled common sense strategies for successful equity management. Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time? Or maybe increase your spendable return income by 50% without increasing your credit budget today? Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect your self-eminent planning wheel estate market? South Florida home orders are embedded with 10 this Thursday tomorrow at 6.30 in a PM at the holiday in Bointon Beach, free a charge. Thanks to paradigm wealth strategies. Visit us online at fvi-floor.com. Fvi-floor.com, or call out a reserve of spot for yourself at a Marnight at 9.54 389 8575 954 389 8575 This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 A. Here's God. Donald, I understand that Melania's breastfeeding if her breasts are huge, yes, bigger, better, school and more beautiful. You've got to be thrilled. I am. You're both very, very passionate. I have a good relationship with her. And we have a lot of fun. Sounds like it. Melania, you thought? I'm from Sydney. Okay, she's having fun. It's your mind, bro. I'm not going to imagine. I will imprison you. Okay, I get the idea. I'm not. No. I'm not. No. Melania, is it any fun for you? I don't think so. I'm not. It's all I can say. 1018 at 560 W2M. Singer team, Pitney is died the middle of his UK tour as he did said. The 65 year old American star was found dead just after 10 o'clock this morning. That's Brit time of the five o'clock to our our time. At the Hilton Hotel and Cardiff Wales. Or is that Wales? Wales. There will. It hurts to me, Bob. There's his greatest son. That is biggest tip for my favorite. I like it, sir. It's a good son, does it? Jean Lee, Detroiters, pity and died on Wednesday morning in the Welsh capital. Poor Jean Pitney. Police strange, dude. But he got off the spaceship. There was no immediate word on the cause of death. Friends City was in a parent could help his death came as a shock. As in. Oh my God. South Wales police had even called her hotel at 9.50 this morning. And that the death wasn't being treated as suspicious. His 40 year career included the massive hit 24 hours from Tulsa, 1963. His most famous son, not his best one, but his last year was, it was she's a heartbreaker in 68. I don't have any other one. No, mom. Don't have 24 hours from Tulsa. Sure you play later than. But I don't think I did. Maybe just made it up. Pitney was found in his bed by a true manager Mark Haas of Intouch Music, told the BBC. He did a good show last night at St. David's Hall. It was wonderfully said. I've seen quite a few times on this tour. He was fit and well. He said it was the best of reason for quite a few years. Pitney wrote to fame in the 1960s was introduced to a new generation of fans in 89 when he duetted with Mark Almond on something's gotten hold of my heart. You ever hear that? I never heard. The single Vietnamese shirt, oh, UK number 120 years after its first release, maybe it was for a UK thing. He had 11 top 10 hits including in the UK. That's where belongs to yesterday and looking to you guys a lot. I remember that. His songs have been recorded by some of the world's biggest stars. Hello, Mary Lou was released by Ricky Nelson, also dead of course. Today's true draft for our Augustine also dead and rubber ball, my U.S. singer Bobby V in British artist Marty Wilde. He worked with the stones credit with helping them find fame in the U.S. in 2002 inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. rubber ball by Bobby V. That must have been the rubber ball of St. Joyce's mouth. A spokesman for a card of corner Mary Hassel told PA, what is PA? What is that? They keep referring to it right? Some, I don't know what that is. Do you know what that is? Nope. She had been officially informed of the stars death. Spokeswoman said a post-war in her exam will take place, but staff will show that an increase will be necessary or not. That's what the stuffy brits are saying. Maybe they'd done a man, maybe they'd give my bad cup of tea like the Pope got there at the time. Bad cup of tea and just don't wake up. So what was it that, don't say the word now. St. Petersburg, Burlisco, he said that people had both for his upon. He's going to lose, thank goodness. He's working the world next to Bush and banned our Bush. But he called him a bunch of de-heads. Italiano, so we're going to answer him. Let's go ahead. Don't say it. 1689 votes on the poll. What's your take on illegal immigrants we asked yesterday? The port all illegal is now 599. Obviously the correct answer. We don't care if there's 40 million in them. Guess what? You can't in illegal. You're going out fast. Bye-bye. Don't let the door hitch in the ass on the way out. Only report two been 382. That was just a soft photo frustration vote. I think just really tear those old green tooth crowd. You know. That crowd. See, I'm too lazy to even like. I don't want to let them be there. Every quiz is a little effort. If they don't want to pay us on time, we're not going to make that kind of effort. See, you know the way I look at it. These people ought to kiss the ground. They're lucky that the hired help show up every day. I'll keep the thing going. Keep the transmitter for the final two with something glowing on them. There's a sound coming out over the ear. They're just lucky. It's lucky. They ought to kiss us on the ass man. These people, and instead it's like, Oh, well, maybe you'll get paid, maybe you won't. And here it is. It's 1022 already. And they're still from the best I can discern. Haven't got an answer for you for a bass to exactly. There is a commendery at what some kind of an answer? No. Nothing. Zero. Zippity Dora. As usually coming in empty handed, which in his case. Two men are already here. Illegal immigrants grant them an annuity. Two sixty six. Except for some of you people, some of you defeat us. You know, like, a gorgeous talph. And let's just give up, throw in the towel. Build a wall on the Mexico US border. 179 said that. I hate this pool. 122. That's always good for a few ducks. No matter what the pool is, I hate it. Like that. A rest people will hire them 88 and only letting Cubans 53. I have a feeling, man. You think we had BS under the previous regime. We had a lot of BS. These guys are real, real cute. You know? Oh, yeah. Well, that was my fault. I didn't get around to duck. I don't want to talk to them. I don't want to know from them. I want my paycheck on payday. And I got news for them. Okay. Payday. My payday is money to the tenth. That's five days away from now. And if that check doesn't show up in my box in plantation on the tenth of, whatever this is, April. In my PO box, then there's going to be a hell to pay. I mean a hell because this just happens over and over and over and over and over and over and over. A company that can't pay the hard help on time. What do you call a company like that? Well, what's the one word that comes to mind when you think of it? That's the word I think of. Crap, crap company. C C. Ever C C C are? Yeah. They put the C C in C C are. Crap company. You've heard of the crap company. This is the crap company. Can't get well. We somehow didn't get to the deposit today. It's because they got it. They don't got it. The truth is he handed money out to a Jeffrey Elyra and David Sensen for the Marlin games that they're losing their ass on. Stuff like that. Important crap. Just like they were here all the way to the dolphins before. Remember all the times when the wing was having nervous breakdown because they didn't pay the dolphin broadcast fee right? They just don't pay. They don't pay. They want to pay. As don't aim if they would say they want to pay, but they don't want to pay. And he's just in very said if you want to play, you've got to pay. Kid was making hundreds of thousands of dollars and we're supposed to be so bad. Yeah. See, I feel bad for like that whole line security guy that we thought he was talking to a 14 year old girl online. We'll get to that story in a minute. The kids that we are exploited. Just like the kid that watches the name, the weather fairy was going to meet there. And what was that in a porcing loosely or somewhere up there in Viro? Yeah, their boots are so good. So they open that neck of the woods. Miss Kamal. That was going to go meet some 13 or 14 year old boy. What is big can of Asheline or whatever you had with what he had? Jare Permalube. I think it was Chrisco. Yeah. The countermonick Chrisco. Eight hundred and four hosts on there. What do you believe in? Because it is almost Easter now. Coming up soon. So I thought we'd resurrect this poll we've done it before. Eight hundred and four hosts. What do you believe about Jesus? He was money. He was money of one of many self-proclaimed prophets 247. Everybody in their brothers went around in those days. I am the way. Of course, just like that, Benny, him, Benny, Hanna. All these guys. Pat Robertson, Jerry, fall balls and me, swagger. All these funny boys, Jim and Tammy, Fay, would her pancake make up 247. Just one of many. He was the Messiah, 143. That's really interesting because the first time we did this poll, which is quite some time back. Three two four nine percent of the answer. One is many choices. But a third of the audience said he was the Messiah and that's only 17 percent. So maybe we've gotten rid of those Jesus Christers. We can only pray. Bye-bye. Take your bubble mice. He's not lost. Including my neighbor over there. Go away. Leave us alone. He never saw a freight train. Hundred and twelve. I can go along with that. Even when his power is, you know, oh, I got a great story about from the U of Hanna's professor says he didn't walk on water. It was ice. A floating piece of ice. But anyway, we'll get to that. Did you see that story? No. He's strictly for Goiam, Jesus 79. There was, there was never any such person 70. He was just a regular guy like he went on. I 59. I hit this 455. He was a homeau, 27. And he was a snappy dresser, 26. Like Neil. 818 vote. He had nice handles. I mean, we're broken stocks, I think. Sure, the original. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised when he makes a comeback. He's going to be doing infomercials for broken stocks, Yosuke. 27. After 10 at 5. 60. W.K.M. If you think he have termites in your home, you need to call Ritted Pest Control to Then get a free termite inspection before your home is gone. Ritted Pest Control uses an amazing orange oil treatment. The kills termites and their eggs. 100% on contact. They are gone. Fashioned. You can say, we've got a real mess to Q.A.M. If you have termites, this is the best possible way for you to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your home. Don't have to worry about poison as gas. Well, I bet you Tommy would have some to win sir right there. No move out to it. Hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health. No poison as gas. They feature home with this amazing orange oil. And you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's a Mahaya. It's true if you have a termite problem called Ritted Pest Control right now. And find out about the amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites. 100% on contact. No pending. No kidding. No BS. Call right now for a free eye inspection at 1-800-447-4348. No obligation, a free inspection. And believe you, me'll be well worth it because now is termite time. 1-800-447-444-7443 for a VTOM. Todd Drak told you to call. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A6. That's a new day. The crack was rolled to come and I didn't know it. With me, scottily falling at a fairly hold. You can't get off the pipe. Perth, terrorists, a whittle and a keep, a rodden. But when these still keep, tears and lots of drugs. And when she's side she thinks that she's comfort with the fuck. They might wear hats, pictures of all of it and he's drunk, pair of the man's hands. Needles and spools, mushrooms. When they turn their mansion into a crackdown, people please all to shave so no to rehab a Kim. Because there's crack spools coming out of nose. With me scottily falling at a fairly hold. With me scottily falling at a fairly hold. Because she's not clean. And the smell is so... She's cleaning. Crack is whack. Crack is whack. That's what we got a problem. We got a crack problem. That's what it is. Maybe somebody has had a big pipe full over there. I don't want to waste a coast you think. Maybe you know that a lot of guys over there lay in pipe. I know that. A lot of money that like to. Anyway, now somebody, haven't had the keeps things for, I guess it's always good. I need to hang on to things. Even though they're all looking at the data on this. Somebody just passed. Did you pass this? Somebody else. I keep everything. Well you kept this? I did. Wow. So 10.20.2000. And it's a memo from the Beasley Broadcast group Sandra Cook, Rams with Snook. Give a cook. Ray direct deposits to business managers. This is September 12, 2000. We are where the direct deposits didn't hit the bank as usual. The bank is informed that they should hit the individual accounts by Saturday. They'll be dated from Monday 9.25. Although this is an inconvenience, please remind your employees that the actual paid it is 9.25. And there's no guarantee the money will be in there accounts before that time, even though 99% of the time it hits before that date. You might also let the know that we go live on the new system next paid period, so they need to make certain the money is there prior to spending it. Well whatever that means. And then there was a second part of this. No, the fortune. No, no. That was the other memo is on another occasion a couple years later. Oh, this is, oh, I see. Separate of that. I say unfortunately the direct deposit wasn't scheduled correctly by the fifth third bank. However, I've repeated the procedure this morning. Anyone with a fifth third bank. I don't know what that means. Third bank account will be memo posted. Meaning the funds will show as being available immediately. Everyone else will go through the federal reserve overnight. We'll have their funds available tomorrow morning. This is another screw up. Again, as before, please remind the employees that the payroll date see they always come up with this crap. No, right. Now the people that are in direct deposit, the payroll dates are the fifth and the 20th. Always have been see. You do such a thing as precedent. And when you pay people over and over again on certain dates, that's when pay day is. And like Hank says, his contract, it says, you know, in mind, it says the 10 to 25, which I can wait another five days. I won't miss any positive. And that we advanced direct deposit five days is instead of decide up for direct deposit. But what instead of decide up for what? In other words, if you're not going to get paid that, you don't know you're going to have the money. The money, the what's the incentive? Instead of for fraud? Instead of to get conned? Instead of to write to the past start bouncing some checks around? The trouble to live dangerously. Yeah. Well, when you work for the beesleys man, you're already got taking your life in your hands. Believe me. I want a blow out by. And raise your blood. There is no other way. If you thought that N-Ron was a scam, you ain't seen nothing yet, baby. I'll tell you that. Tell you, Met the beesleys. What a great sitcom that would be the beesleys. And Joyce could be on. It would look like her little apron on. And they could like tie her down and put it over a river ball in the house. Got the beans on. Oh man, there you go. The beesleys is the, what are the clappins, is that they called me? What a bunch of mugwants man. Can't get people paid. And Joe Bell thought he was coming into like a real deal here. And of course he should know because I'm sure the same thing happened at kiss when he was over there, right? Right. It's the same company. Same bunch of a go-am. So anyway, speaking about real victims of trial abuse is opposed to this, uh, phony, balloony thing that the media solve up to have had a war frenzy about. And another thing, you know, the, this so-called journalist with New York Times, what he, what he should have done. And I, I just really wonder, we took this kid under his wing for six months. Under his wing. I'm off drugs. And I, you know, as some maybe he did say the kids life, which is very commendable and wonderful. But in the meantime, you violated every canon of journalist together. He had no business writing the story himself. He should have gotten somebody else at the times to write this story. And he was going to be like involved as the babysitter. Or whatever he was doing. Whatever he was sitting on. But here's a real story. The deputy press that came for the Miami Department for the Department of Homeland Security was arrested yesterday for using the internet to seduce what he thought was a teenage girl authority said in Miami, no less. Brian J. Doyle, 55, a silver screen mirror in the home sure is a good Republican, was arrested on charges of use of a computer to seduce a child and transmission of harmful material to a minor. The charges were issued out of poke county Florida. Remember poke salad, Annie? Mm-hm. Well, he wanted to poke it. Doyle had a sexually explicit conversation with what he believed was a 14 year old girl who's profilized on the internet on March 14, the poke county sheriff's office said in the statement. The girl turned out to be an undercover poke county sheriff's computer crime detective and sheriff's office, be saying. Doyle sent a girl pornographic movie clips and adds sexually explicit conversations by the internet to say, this is a guy who was in Homeland Security boys and girls. During other online conversations, Doyle would view his name that he worked for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, a real genius or rocket scientist, and offered his office and government issued cell phone numbers, the sheriff's office said, Doyle also sent photos and stuff to the girl, but a 30 said they were not sexually explicit. On several occasions, Doyle instructed her to perform a sexual act while thinking of him and described explicit activities he wanted to have with her. Homeland Security press secretary Russ Naki in Washington said he couldn't come in on the details of investigation. We teach these allegations very seriously and look properly to the ongoing investigation he'd be saying. Doyle was expected to be placed on administrative leave this morning. Can't imagine life. Well, there's that Katy press bitch again. Oh, let's get it over with already. Okay, get to the side of the way. Hoy, hey. I don't know about you, but I don't know which which I'm more exhausted from that whole dress and very thing, which we saw for a thousand. There must have spent 50 hours on that thing yesterday. And every time they presented it was like with this breakfast, oh my goodness, is there something unusual about this? And then of course in her case, I mean, talk about making a mom out of a whole hill. Good God. You could put her talent in a temple and have room for the Chinese army left over with. On her 15th anniversary on today, Katy correctal viewers this morning. She's leaving the join CBS to become the first woman to solo anchor in that work evening newscast. Of course, what's your name? Elizabeth, is that a Vargas? What is your name? I don't know. And maybe say yes, you don't know when it's she's doing it now because Bob would have forgotten quite a little bit. It was an accident and you got hurt in a rack and then you're killed. Billy Vargas, I know that artist. No, you know who she is. I just thought he'd say you said she was just fine. She's okay. Okay. She's doing a solo. At least the news anyway. I wanted to tell all of you out there that actually listening to my heart and my gut. I've decided I'll be leaving today at the end of May. She said, oh, what a little duration. I really feel as if we become friends to the earth. I've been here for years. Not with me. You haven't kidding. You suck. You stink honey. Oh, and I forgot to ask Hank about the working with Katie. Could we catch your fall? I'm sorry. I was a little distracted today. Why, what does bouncing checks? Yeah. I'm wondering how much that's going to cost me. Oh. Bob, third man. I got news for the company. Anybody who includes any charges, bank charges for bounce checks. Return checks. I've like the company ought to cover that. If they don't do it. No, I'm serious if they don't. I got news for a man. I just like go crazy. To go over to Naples and like just tear their building down. They'll just remind me that the paycheck isn't doing so. I don't know what I would remind them. I just, whatever, I still have a Barlusconi said they're in Italy. The 49 year old court, the longest serving anchor in today's show. History is expected to replace Bob Sheeper, Okidoki, and the third rated CBS broadcast in September. She'll show them a number like they never saw. Following a muscle on guessing game, that's consumed the TV industry. Correct. 15th anniversary of her first day of today's show. The 91st of the day, it's time for a change. She's feeling the change. It's been such an honor and privilege to occupy the seat for as long as I have. She said, sometimes anything changes a good thing. Although it may be terrifying to get out of your comfort zone. It's also very exciting to start a new chapter in your life. Just stay real, who a health care is. God. Man, you know something, you're right. Look at this. Now is this a new fastest this for the whole red new of Jenny says in a county. We just heard from the bank, they didn't have the file. There was not processed due to their update. Whatever that sounds like Chinese. It means it's the base fault. Oh, their processing the file now and directed positive should be affected by tomorrow morning. By tomorrow morning. So you got one day to cover your ass. That's thought. It only caused me 29 bucks. 29 bucks. 29 bucks. Why? That's how much I'm going to be spending. That's a lot to this costly. No, I know. They're going to have to cover the 29 bucks. I'm sure the Joe will discuss that when he comes in with you. Discuss your contracts. It's a choice. They promised me on Monday, but I doubt that he's going to follow through on. Well, that's what I got to see book. You can see also told me that's the first time I ever talked to him. I'm going to take care of Josh. I'm going to take care of you. I'm going to beat that a book. But about they talk a good game. These guys, man. They're all just, they're all pretenders. Remember the for great pretender? Yeah, the platters? Oh, yes. The great pretenders make them a state. There's a bit for book of Brian right there. I can smell it. Hmm, man. I can smell the aroma of that. Like a gigantic tub of elephant manure, man. You can smell the stench. This place. Any other something? I think we got to that the whole new attitude. I hope those guys across the street and the sports segments just beat this stuffings out of this place. They deserve it. Not our friends, not you know, Hank and Mad Dog, but they're going to guess what they're. I was going to say they're taking him out of the bank. Whatever they get it, you know. But it's just that they deserve it. They deserve to fail. This company deserves it. And anything evil that can happen. This company deserves it because they just they abuse and then know it's the banks fall. It's always somebody else's fall. You know, is that right? Of course, they don't make mistakes. It'd be a broadcasting at BBGI. They lie a lot, but they don't make mistakes. Put in joy, Senator. That was the mistake. Put in a certain honor here. That was the mistake. Put in for ROW on here. That was the mistake. 1042 at 560 WQM. How excited was not a mistake to take your took these to Brandeys. People have been new in that for years. And haven't raved about them for a long time because they are the best Brandeys shoes in Pompatau Beach. Brandeys carries all the top names like floor shine. Echo Mothisto, rockport, hush puppies. New balance tons of other names. Brandeys and all sizes for men and women. We really mean all sizes, even like wide widths and hard to find sizes as well. Brandeys shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in Alissa, Florida. And when you go in there and see the selection, find your wedding for you at Brandeys. You understand why I rave about them and have been for years. Go see our good friend Arnie. How make sure you get to write a funny shoes for your old feet at the right price every time. How Mike does department stores where you can't get weighted on. And when finally you do whatever style you picked out. Oh, sorry. We don't have that in your size at all. We can't make. Brandeys doesn't do that because the only thing they do do a Brandeys is shoes. You'll never have to worry about size, selection, service or price. Brandeys shoes you'll find in the 12th, 90 North and out federal highway in Pompatau Beach. Between Atlantic and Coppons on the East Side. Can't miss it. Brandeys open every day, Monday through Saturday, till 9 and every Sunday till 5. And this week is a great time to buy essay issues at Brandeys. Save 20 to 40 bucks to pair on all great men's and women's styles. So be sure to get your butt into Brandeys this week or shop for your shoes right online at Brandeysshoose.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16, 16, 16, 16. Oh. The way are exploding ball. Mariah, you are a survivor. I mean, the Beverly Wood was written for you. It's a survivor. Let's go back a bit. I want to talk about your charter because you've had a very colorful life. But you did never very happy charter. No. When you were growing up, you became a prostitute. You said it was a tough thing. You ever had to do it. When you are in that world of ultra powerful men and you're really young, it's easy to be controlled and to be scared. Sex on the streets. Right. I was like. What a childhood. Oh, next. I read the picture to back up. Yeah. I do. And you haven't worn the odor and 20 years. You are a pig. I'll just go along with that. And so we'll least by the way, stellated to his day honey. 1047 at 5.60 WDQ. I am. Oh, remember yesterday I mentioned about Jesse Homes and I never got to the story. Because we had so many great colleges today. That's right. What happened to George? You go out for a docer trace. That's what he's doing. Well, I don't blame him. He's probably doing a green apple crisp in there. What the hell is he going to do now? Everybody trying to cover their ass now. And our excuse is we get stories. There's all kinds of stories. The bank done at the dog done. Maybe the dog went out for a bit of process. You know, you see those spots? Oh, yeah. The dog comes along and picks up the thing in his mouth and runs off. And the way he goes, ever to be seen again. Yeah. And all the everybody's deposited to like in a stream somewhere. There's a stream all right over there in Naples. Believe you me. Down somebody's leg. There's a big stream going. We're going to help keep screwing this thing up because they can't. They don't want to. They don't want to pay anybody. It's what it boils down to. We got something they're expecting to get paid. Much less paid on time. Whoever heard us as an individual hearing anything like this. No, not before I've been, you know, been here. Not before you could have been WQA. Not before you come to BBGI, man. Where we pay you when we feel like it. And you better kiss the ground. You could pay the doll because pay day is whatever we tell you. We make it up as we go along. You thought it was the fifth guess what it's the tenth. You thought it was the tenth guess what it's the 15. So I better say this to when George comes back. Oh, oh, oh, I mentioned this yesterday and then I never got around to it. What's our former US senator Jesse Helmson increasingly poor health before And since he left office three years ago has vascular dementia. And has moved into a convalescent senator's home as wife said. Navigime. Nope. Yes, his good days in his bad days dot helm told the news of his ever for a story of Sunday. He still sees his friends. Company is good for him. He's still signing books. But he's not able to conduct any business or make any speeches. The 84 year old revoc, Republicans been slowed by illnesses including a bone disorder. Prostate cancer and heart problems. As his career nerdets and he made his way through the camp a lot of motorized, scooter. Well, I tell you, Niagara this week and there was there was a woman on a scooter. My, she was just zoom in at the mirror. She didn't kill anybody. This zoomed all around that joint. He decided against thickness six term and left Congress in January 2003. Vascular dementia is considered one of the most common types of dementia in aging people. With systems that are made for similar to those caused by Alzheimer's, according to the memory and aging center with the University of California San Francisco. Helms last major pubic appearance was in September when he was honored by a group of conservatives in Washington in December. He died with you two rocker Bono who breathed a senator on D. D. A. D. D. Or dead AIDS trained in Africa. A nonprofit organization found in 2002 with other activists to increase awareness of the crisis in Africa. That's Bono, a fund of the nut Jesse Holmes. His memoir, here's where I stand was published in September by random house. Here's where I know it's actually now it's called, here's where I used to stand. Helms is life as 63 years. And the scene is friends visit him daily and many hopes to be soon going to church. Oh yeah, say a little prayer like the on-war would say. So you can say a little prayer under psychic hotline for a Jesse. You miserable third. God. 895 votes on the Jesus poll. Just in time for Easter. Boy talk about sacralages. What do you believe about Jesus? One of many stuff or plain prophets. Just another one I'm Getske's. 268. He was in a sia, 167.8% of you. You people crazy or what? He never stole a freight train on 122. Are they crazy or what? I knew it. Not talk about brainwashed. Strictly for God, Jesus 84. I guarantee there's not one other poor in the history of the human race about Jesus that ever said strictly for God. Although I think I said that once before too. I enjoyed putting that on there. There was never any such person 75. Very possibly could be. He was just a regular guy, 63. Maybe he's just invented by a tall Saul guy. Right. I hate this poll, 63. He was a homo 32. And he was a snappy dresser 20. I think there's a correlation between those last two. Guys would have long hair back in those days and would have sandals, you know. Right. Just as the word dresses were gowns ever considered. Yeah. Now of course the consider to be men of God, like the pro peel pop up. They're not seed pop. And all the bishops, you know. What was when I great head gear. Now speaking of this whole Jesus thing, the new testament says that Jesus walked on water, but a Florida University professor. How about those gators? Anybody cared? Huh? No, no. Screw him. How about those marlins last night, love it a two day. One game. They won a game. Mark it down. Aren't you surprised, Josh? Well, this long way to go. 160 games. They're going to want to feel, you know. Mano, Mano, Uno, Uno. Uno, Uno. The new testament says that Jesus walked on water, but a Florida University professor believes there could be less miraculous explanation. He walked on a floating piece of ice. Very clear. Whatever. Listen to this. This could be very important to you. Oh, my daughter. It's more and more just a conjecture about craft that happened. That was made of the glory anyways. It doesn't matter what. When you think about Dr. Sam Shepherd, you think you really killed his wife or not? Yes. Professor Duron Knoth also theorized in the early 1990s that Moses parting in the Red Sea had solid science behind it. Aha. Knoth, a professor of oceanography of FSU, said yesterday that this study found an unusual combination of water and atmospheric conditions in what is now northern Israel could have led to ice formation on the sea of Galilee. Knoth used records on the Mediterranean Sea surface temperatures and statistical models to examine the dynamics of the sea of Galilee, which is rarely known as like Kinaret. The study found that the period of cooler temperatures nearer between 1526-27 years ago could have included the decades in which these lived. A drop in temperature below freezing could have caused ice taken off to support a human to form on the surface of the freshwater lake near the western shore now said, it might have been nearly impossible. It would be without their ice fishing. It was practiced in for a hockey game. It was looking for a nice hole. It might be with a hot and a china. It might have been nearly impossible for a distance of service to see peace of floating ice surrounded by water. And don't be telling people that Jesus wanted a peace of ice at ice. Now, I said the offered to study published in the April edition of the Journal of Paleo-Manology. Wow. And so, possibly explanation for Jesus walking on water. If you ask me if I believe someone walked on water, no, I don't he said, maybe somebody walked on the ice, I don't know. I believe that something natural was there that explains it. Maybe somebody just made it up, how's that? Yeah, that sounds better. Ah, huh, explanation. Just like Daniel and Lions then, and then in the way, along these other fairy tales that he walked on water, and the fairy, his grandmother used to grin when they heard these stories. And it gives me much shirk, and to think that the people believe this crap. People over the IQ larger than their thumbnail not. We leave to others the question whether or not our research explains the biblical account he said. When he offered his theory 14 years ago that women and seek conditions for the splendid part of the Red Sea, now said he received hate mail from those good Christians, of course, and maybe some good Jews. Even though we noted the idea could support the biblical for the description of the event. And as the theory of Jesus walked and I begins to circulate, he's had more hate mail in email inbox for more of those good Christians. They asked me if I'm going to try next to explain the resurrection he said. Kind of a thorny issue, wouldn't you say? So there you go. Let's take a Fourier calls here today, man. What's on the agenda? To a clock it's guilty again. Good God. Guilty again at the end of the center with Eric Reed at 330. Oh my God. I think we're going down the year. Yes, me. You can smell a can't you? This new regime man, they haven't got a clue. They not only don't know who's on first place, don't even know who's in the dugout. They are clueless and shoeless man, sent him over to Brande's. They are just desperate these guys. Mad dog at Augusta offered a master's no less at four Fortal Sisterie. Maybe he'll be wearing it and maybe instead of the green jacket. You think? You care about the masters? I guess that's what it is. It's an Augusta. I'm assuming it's for that's a golf craft. I mean, they're masters. Six 30 is Panthers TV1 2. I'm seven o'clock. The Panthers and trashers start on QAM. But then, but then, panther coverage which is the M13 60 at 735. What a way to run a railroad. We start the game on on QM. It gives you a tease, like part of the first period. And then all of a sudden, when Gildi goes like that. Then switch to 1360 because it means it's Marlon's time. And those Red Hot Marlon's first shot they're levated to when in Houston last night played the third and the final game, the rubber game, I guess. Can we say rubber? I'm sorry. The third and the third game against the stroll is at 805 with a pre-game at 735. And then Lenny Martaz after the game. Like I said, man, we are going down the old two. Lenny Martaz on the night. Don't let the word out. Don't spread the word. These Neil Rogers. Jerry. And look out. He's got that card. Cover it up. This is the Neil Rogers cell. This is your brain. Any questions? Hello, Dr. Waters. My name is Colanda. I got up that plane at the shopping mall to get your mommy away. I bought this item to throw the expensive bottles in yours. And you in the time, so do you. I tried to have to smuggle. And they would just let me go. But I did not get a trouble. But I did not get a trouble. And you have nothing else to do to find one who's bad with the pepper飛 ball. And once I was at the in-laws, we are through agent. But you didn't Say you are good, I will be generous with sappy nascing on the socks, tary, long print out, so I guess I'll have to just read a little bit off the screen. Accusing politicians are pounding their chest and immigration for a short term political game, Florida Governor Fad Aestia Bush said yesterday that the tone of the debate has been hurtful to him and his Mexican-born life column by the smuggling bitch. Bush, the younger brother of the president, reserved some of his sharpest criticism for conservatives in his own public and party, calling it just plain wrong to charge illegal immigrants with a felony. As a provision passed by the Republican-led House would do, he also opposed penalizing the children of legal immigrants by denying them US citizenship an idea backed by some conservatives but included in the legislation. My wife came here legally and it hurts her, just as it hurts me when people give her the perception that all immigrants are bad, he said, Fedas Jambut. There he goes, Mr. Wartley. Well, yes, what, not all immigrants are bad. Sloggers, just the illegal ones, right? There he go. Not all of them are lawbreakers, just illegally. They're illegal to begin with just by definition. You know, when somebody's in illegal alien, it's like illegal. You know, just like they first was sent on an enforcement illegal. Somebody QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing now? Okay. Good, you're going to take them there for you. If Northbound, I'm probably not going to just apologize for the Lord. They're shooting down the road. Okay, thanks, Bally. No problem. Governor Self-Accordingly, okay. There you go. Pick me forward. That was a long time, right? Maybe the pigs are laying low, but I know that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the colors are laying low this morning. That's okay. We understand. We're in a very early mood here at this radio station. Not paying the hired hands on time. The management is just totally in a state of chaos in this array. Sales guys still running around talking with a heavy draw. Like he just came out of a, then he just came out of the swamps. You remember that movie, Cape Fear? Yeah. I have a feeling that's where he was hanging out. I thought that was a new England. He will figure you. And a nice trailer, though, by the way. Chris, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the horizon, see the right now. He's printing that story. I'm not that I already read it. See what I mean by that? Oh yeah. I'm sure to go to Governor Bush. We don't care about Fed ask Governor Bush or his smuggling wife. Or the rest of his dysfunctional family to help with them. WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, no. I got a Christian report. They, uh, she and her end has got to be like the Catholic news network or something. The last few times, I don't know if you've been watching it lately. But I tuned in. They got like the power of playing it. They got all this stuff on the lives of the shames and it helped them play it to help you in your life. I thought it was like a news network. It's disgusting. Well, it's the Christian news network. See, you got to write the first time seeing an in Christian news network. Yeah, yeah. It's the Christian. Christian, good reports, man. I want to see what new news watch Keith Oberman on MSNBC. He's going to come in to an in the real fast. Before our last name comes out. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the Pomp 5 6 the only Verizon signal arrival sign we got. Jelty from the officer to a five big game, but not. Not means a big game is a win it and then they got no shot. They got no shot. WQAM, hello. You go ahead and in Canada. WQAM, hello. That's kind of Wednesday. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. All right. How about he was the son of Satan? For G. Warren. In fact, there's our first one of the day. Very boring. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the Pomp 5 6 the POR is closed by the way. We don't need any additions to the pool. If that's your idea why you want to call the they put the phone back down either. Stick it over there. You won't get in trouble with it. Because we don't need any additions to the Jesus pool. I think we got all the bases covered. Don't you? Jesus Christ, all the possibilities. WQAM, hello. QAM. Last day for phones on the annual Roger Showday. QAM, hello. Probably because they don't cut them off tomorrow anyway. They won't pay it. QAM. They have a fire report. I got to report for you too, okay. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. I say 80 in my friend says 90. How big is Hank's waste? WQAM, hello. Chief from the ball in the basket. WQAM, hello. QAM, come on, you can do it. Hey Dale. Yep. You did say one time I heard you say that. If you didn't get your paycheck, you would walk. Yeah. That's the, you got your position now where you could put them in their place. And just yeah. And Chief like that. I pay days on Monday, April 10th Monday. Okay. I was hoping maybe, you know, this might have been your opportunity to put the free place in their place. Yeah. How many put them in their place believe me? It's last time that I have to remember I played music all day that day. Uh-huh. That wasn't the last time that it happened. But I mean, one of the many times, only of this thing put it out again with that as Governor Bush. We don't need any more about that as Governor Bush on my fax machine, okay. And that's from me doing it. Well, I could see that. That's my stupidity because if it doesn't put out right away, I keep hitting it. And eventually it puts it all like five times, yeah. Just got to wait. Be patient. Oh, here's the other story that I've printed. I'm sure you'll be very, very interested in this. Tom Cruise. As told, I was father bullied and beat him as a child. As the 43-year-old star prepares to become a biological father himself, He's both for the first time in my life as trouble childhood. He told parade magazine, he was a bully and a coward. He was the kind of person where if something goes wrong, they kick. It was a great lesson in my life. How he'd loll you in, make you feel safe and then bang, fat up, bang. For me, it was like there's something wrong with this guy. Don't trust him. His mother left her husband taking the children when the actor was 12. The only time he saw his father again was 10 years later when he was dying of cancer. Say, what goes around comes around, tops. We don't even meet me on the basis that I'd been asking anything about the past because Cruise about visiting his father in a hospital. He had it when I saw him in pain, I thought, wow, what a lonely life. He was late in his 40s. It was sad. Oh, in his late 40s, pretty old. Soon after the reunion his father died, did it. That's something. Back the last thing that his father said to him to Tom was, You're fairies. Oh, there's water crime cites. From the Kennedy assassination to the civil rights movement to the space race. When you think of water crime cites, you mean you think of Katie Courick? Be honest with me. Or immediately. No, no question about it. With our heartbeat, I'm thinking, water crime cites, Dan Rather, Hottley and Brinkley and then Katie Courick. That's what I think. I think Tom Rokah, Dan Wather, Peter Jennings, Katie Courick. Edward Armero, Katie Courick. Every time, she just keeps popping in my mind. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, Yemen, and move for a lot of good calls today. I'm just in the mood for it. Aren't you? Oh, yeah, always. I'm ready for a great day today. Trust me. See if they can make me laugh today. I doubt it. I don't be. Who? Do you want to hear me? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I got some good news for you. Yes. Well, actually, I don't know if it's good news for you or for me. You know, your dream field is awesome, and I'll get me laid. Yeah. I was in the store. This lady was looking at all these different classes. I tell her about dream fields. What thing we stood out there? We have an ace, a little pop there. Uh-huh. So anyway, we'll see how it goes. But thanks for the pop this delicious. And to good thing, keep plugging in. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Thank you. I don't want to be posted. I'm interested in who he's, uh, you know. Oh, uh, it's all this game. It always comes back to the same craft. It's all it's all about. Getting laid, getting laid, getting laid. That's what's all about. Getting laid. Yeah, or I should say getting screwed because we're thinking about how we am now. That's the other side of the court. Yeah, getting screwed. You know, it's just, yeah, and you know this one. I mentioned that to Hank. No, because the beast, I guess the end is out six today. So I guess Robert was in a way old. But, um, and of course the beast probably wouldn't care anyway, because he's just spoiled rich kid anyway. Daddy would have taken care of him. So Hank was even a word of fact that he was getting a shine on his tech today. Pretty peot about it. So I'd like to meet one thing. Pretty peot. And rightfully so when you've got a lot, you know, when your book is demanding the cash and wants it now, unless you want a couple of broken legs, you don't want to like be a screw in a lot. Right. So it's a good thing you don't have to like a bad gambling. Have it all of that basketball card you started with. I see how much did you make from that. How much did you get from that? Not for the worst. You lost. How about you, Josh? You make any money off the impguerters? No. Lost. What do I try to tell you? Don't get sucked into that gambling crab. Or just for fun. Don't get sucked into gambling man. If all of his money is in the foret. That's what Tommy said. A fool of his money are soon for you. They slots my ass. Slotsy. Trotsky. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. OK. That was in the material. QAM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you so out to play Lucifer sings the hit? Sorry that I not like you. Play Lucifer sings the hit. Yeah. So that's great. Another herle area. OK. From Ringo records. I think he's babysitting Simon and Darklucko. I am going to rip out your hair. Play. Dad. Oh, it must have came from the other room. You know, I have a message for Joe Bell. A month and four days ago, I celebrated 30 years on the ear in this market. I've been doing radio since I was 17 years old. It's 46 years almost 50 years, almost half a century. I've been in this messed up business. OK. But you and the way that this operation is operating right now or not is the case. Maybe you make me want to just throw my hand. Remember I was talking to the other day about waving the white flag out the window. Yeah. You may want to throw my hands up in the ear and just say, OK. I give up. I give. I surrender. I, it's a second conspiracy. It's like we're swimming upstream, man. It's like they chopped our legs off and then told us to go mountain climbing. I just don't get it. What was that? I'm listening to the middle of the bed. I'm thinking, what is George doing here? You've played another bit at the same time? No, it was like a commercial or something. I thought you turned the TV under the listening system. I had the TV pot as close as the TV pot. Obviously. There it is. See that there's that silly other ferry there on CNN on the cruise. I knew he was not working. I could turn on my way. I could turn on my way. I could turn on my way. I could turn on my way. He's co-sockey league. He's going to swing around. He had stores going out. There's back there. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. But no. We got somebody in there playing again. Potsking around in there. And you want to know why? Because we got a juvenile program directly. He's got a bunch of children running that joint out. It's like kindergarten to weigh in. You guys across the street, man. I bet you they're rubbing each other's hand legs together. So we're excited. Stoop gods and all that crowd. All those idiots. They're probably just delirious. And you know something rightfully so you guys are going to have a party today. Because this place is finished. Sacucovo, Nemanan, Puevinan, Tikinan, were done. We're finished. I'm going to tell you what I'm talking about, Joe Bell. This guy, he talks man, smooth as butter. As somebody we know we'd say. Who does butter? And the end result man is like something you left on a bad, bad day. Would you be who they're? I'd be, yes, you're telling me about. Yeah. Well, that should conjure off some images and your, behind a mind. 11. 13. Speaking of a mess, dry concepts is the best carpet clean company in the world. They remind you that spring times arrive. Cleaning your windows and doing a little dusting here. They may give the appearance on the, like kind of surface clean. That's your home is clean. You never intended deep clean all the dirt and germ cell deep down in those carpeting. And your furniture drape even in that bedding. It just really isn't clean now, isn't it? Dry concepts is offering spring time specials this year to help you with all your spring cleaning. And it's all just the phone call away. Don't forget dry concepts specializes in a post-recleaning. Ledger cleaning, drapeery cleaning, or yet a rug cleaning. Water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, your red of those dust mites, and much, much more. I've used them for over 21 years in my homes. They do a phenomenal job at a fair price every time. And in fact, they give you written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their job. So don't just have clean your home, Miss Spring. Don't do it slower fast or half fast. Do it right. Call dry concepts today and have your own clean from top to bottom. Always on time. Always professional. Always dry concepts. And they brought in the Palm Beach. It's called them tool free. 1-800-248-5071. You really can clean today and entertain the night when you call these folks. 1-800-248-5071 around the web. Log on to driedconcephs.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A. Watch the... Holy Macadad! This is Joe Born the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh! You ready for a barbecue, grab the hamburger? The lady you've been grabbing those like a rug? A pair of laces you want to get out of the aisle? I guess the burning air really got around. She had a ticket for breakfast to her bed. She invited down to a swimming dolly by head. She's been a million famous men as they... ...for the Elvis Presley to Andre and his name. She was a crazy man from the other club. She even had one of the mother's brothers. I bet she was giving him a sexy cap. No one to get away from around the web. Wonder if all we went out and then a bunch of yellows shot. Born the man had to have better odds. It's like the sun keeps the rising fins are reputation is this between. It's been bothered by the disgustingness of queen. She must have made a real estate. She even made some pride for Warren Baby. The she made her smile changed her whole existence to her hand. We had rich currency numbers and some bo guarantee number's to Earth for NASA of origin. It brought calamities back to hand. Shemetal gang with the baby, the.(laughter mà and drugs to sleep in a twinaflu Beast.) and real abrupt very soon. Just have that feeling. Oh, Dwight couldn't get to you in jail. Former baseball star Dwight couldn't just have some issues. You know, Josh, a pig nose? He's got issues and say nothing about his nose. Why is he? Was sentenced to the 80s when you were in a day in prison providing probation by using cocaine. He said, I like he said, and I was, uh, proud. The 41 year old pitcher was serving two years probation for a speeding away from a police officer during a drug and driving stop on the admitted last month, or probation officer that the youth cocaine. He thought it was just a chop from the first baseline. Yeah, that's part of his probation. Good to be in order to stay away from booze, drugs, and bars. And it's been to a minimum of three random year in test a week. He also spent two months in an in-patient treatment facility for booze and drug addiction. But a week for the week for the bout. Well, I'm there. No sympathy for him for Darrell's strawberry for any of these guys, any of these jocks, made millions and millions and millions. And let me again, there's another story about somebody who's a broke. Should night. Oh, good. Do you see that? He's smoking in big expensive stories. The pitcher here has got one about the size of an elephant in his mouth. And a story, too, shown at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards. I didn't know he did music. He's a producer. So, Ed, I got it. I know, I know exactly what he, uh, yeah. All right. Can't say it on the ear, though. Rap, modal, Mary and should night file for bankruptcy yesterday. We're going to lose the control of his death row records label in a $177 million civil court judgment, as lawyer said. Night co-founded death row in early 90s. How close the careers of such rap stars is snoop dog and two packs of court. But he's failed to make good on a march judgment to pay Lydia Harris who claimed night she'd a darada, a 50% stake in the music label. Harris attorneys have accused night of playing games to avoid paying to their client. Kind of like the Viz les due to avoid paying the help on pay day. Well, you're not really supposed to get paid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Quilt with a BS okay, paid up people, paid the higher and the hands already and stop with a voluminant. By the way, did current server come back there? Give you a song to dance? Yeah, at the same time, in other words, he got that email at the same time that I did. So, yeah. Come dance on this. Two weeks ago, an LA County Superior Court Judged City would have put a court officer a call to receiver to take control of a shirt and nights assets including death row records. The judge Richard Sagan directed nights of the scosis finances and a debtors exam set for April 1, which sounds like four days ago. He said the night could petition the court to remove the receiver if he cooperated and providing information about his assets, but the wrath and preserio failed to shrub for the exam on Saturday. He has no choice the way these new people afford his hand nights new lawyer, Lauren Strich said on Tuesday, he expected a file for bankruptcy for death row later in the day yesterday. Another court hearing it wouldn't matter also was set up during which the judge could formalize the receiver ship. Or who the receiver is going to be? And it will be key shots. Kennedy booked blast, bush, and preventative war. You go, Ted, and by the way, give her that John McCain. In the fourth coming book, Senator Ted Kennedy invokes the leadership of his brothers during the Cuban missile crisis to launch a sharp no attack on President Bush declaring that Bush had a follow the example of President John Kennedy and his attorney general Robert Kennedy, and forging a diplomatic resolution of the standoff with Saddam Hussein. The rights that his brothers were right to resist advice, urging him to launch a preemptive strike on Fidel Castro when missiles aimed at the US were discovered in Cuba in 1962. They correctly argue that a first strike was inconsistent with American values and would be a poor harbor reverse he writes. Kennedy writes that preemptive war may be just to fight a friend and imminent attack on our country, but he puts the Iraq war in a different category they cause a preventative war, which he condemns. The premeditative, a premeditated nature of preventative attacks and preventive wars makes them an attimate of well-established international principles against aggression he writes in his book scheduled to be released April 18 called America Back on Track. It's about the race track in it. Right. America Back on Track, it's about the TV down, definitely. You go, Ted. Have another drink. Attaboy, that's our man, Ted. Sometimes it's a little off-base, but never unless nobody's perfect, right? Nobody's perfect. Right. That's what they say in the rectum, right? Nobody's perfect. Nine or any five votes on his Jesus' pool. Got some nerve doing that at Easter time, too. Next thing you're going to be taking a god pool at the Passover. Once, pay stock again, it's like next week, right? Right. Like the twelfth, oh boy. Didn't even get my moths yet, my low carb moths. This is from the smoking gun. It says, meet Rachel Holtz. The 34-year-old Delaware teacher is facing rape charges. There's an awful lot of these teachers, man. Had been hiking, spanky with their students. He's facing rape charges for allegedly having sex with a 13-year-old student 28 times during a one-week period last month. That sounds like four times a day to me. I'm going to talk about caffeine well, it's four times a day. Right. I thought it was more though. Well, we don't have that one. We all decide to teach her to claim on elementary school. Legitally, he had sex with a boy, a student, a class that are willing to home. According to a probable cause after David filed injustice to the peace court yesterday, the boy's father contacted cops and told him he's shallows having inappropriate contact with hold with his teacher. In the interview at Newcastle County Police Headquarters, she admitted she had intercourse with a boy 27 times and performed oral sex once during last week of March. She also revealed on another student, 12, had watched her having sex with a boy and had she provided both boys with beer. Holtz is being held in local lock up in lieu of 560,000 $250 bail. I like that. I want to raise some avail for the teacher. I'm his Holtz. Neuralist and the same crap. Boy, how can I have a teacher like that? They're all same crap. That's right. And let me see it again. If it would have been a male teacher having sex with their daughter, they would have been on the road to the house right now. They'd have been there to like, like, linch his ass. Glad you understand the difference. Yes. And if it would have been a male teacher having sex with their young son, they would have been, you know, I've already been dead because that's disgusting. Oh, here's some good news though. See, there's always a little bit of good news. Not too much. Especially when you work your QAM. Where we have a long tube in and it's filling up fast. God, if you saw something, there's probably the overflow. Bush bashing will not cost at Athens, George, woman, 100 bucks after all. I mean, that would have a bumper sticker. Why are you happy about saying, son, well, that's right. You're not happy. Just because you got screwed over by the beastly, is it getting you out of to be used to a fine now, getting good spanking. Still hurt. And I'm sure that Joe's going to come in there any minute and say, hey, George, let's have a meeting one of these days when it's real inconvenient for you. If he told me man, it's the last thing he told me, he assured me, he gave me his word. That he was going to really take good care of you guys. He's going to sit your ass down and give you what what for. Not money though. Denise Greer, who was cited in the Cal County for her, I'm tired of all the bush. Oh, look at this. And what is this on? I don't know what the paper this is. The Cal Technical College's news paper or website. Wow. Oh, no, this is the Atlanta Journal Constitution. I'm tired of all the bush blank card decar. They don't even spell it. It was it was BUSH IT. His head or a case throw out to cover Curtis Court Chief Judge Roy J Walker said Monday. We couldn't prosecute it. He said because George's Lou D.K. law was ruled on constitutional in 1990. He said, let her dismissal was made of the Greer's home on Friday. R.S. Cabinosae, Sergeant Fason, Department of North Prezyg, pulled over on the assembly Tucker wrote about 930 p.m. March 10th, at the same after Darcy Tucker, who's a real diver at us, according to police records obtained under George's open records. The issued or ticket for 100 bucks, Cabinosae was off work Monday out available for Common. Tabinosae, Department of 92, two years after the law changed, according to the Cal County Police Postman, Purshal Grangeon. As town experience sergeant could have made such a mistake Grangeon to climb a comment. Grirster appeared in the journal constitution last week, quickly circulated on the ground reaction roll of the country. In the interview last week, Greer 47 said the case was about her right to free speech. The officer pulled me over because he didn't agree with my politics. She said, and she happens to be, that's so ridiculous. Man, of course that's George with his face. He's probably a good old boy. We're going to see the authority of police officers. They're always usually in George, right? Well, you know where delivers to life. That's where they just came down from. Aintree. This is Neil Rodhamus of the New Zealand. This is five sixty two eight. No, that the Lord even loves Neil Rodgers. Well, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know his truth. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle, Joe Rammader is my dear and pro. He is very thankful to see you, my first governor is me. I'll be. Hey, take a look at that. We're going to have a thousand and nine votes. Yeah, aren't you excited about that? Thrilld. Oh, no, you're not. No, I'm sorry. Everybody's pissed off because they got stranded a by the accounting department because the beeslears are incompetent. Other blame it on the bank. Like a rain cloud going off inside the car cloud. Everybody's life because this is the beeslear. The way they treat the hired hands. Although, the banks fault this time. I'm sure they wouldn't lie when they say that. No, no, they would never lie to you. And then cover their ass. Any more than joy sort of lie or make up a bunch of crap all by herself. See, and then the problem is that nobody can have an intelligence discussion with because I've now, I'm not discovered, especially after Monday. And any discussion you're having just a waste of time. I've got to meet my lunch 20 minutes earlier on Monday as opposed to getting stroked, you know? I've already had two strokes. I don't need a third. So what I heard? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's take a billion calls between now and two. Or not as a case may be. Just a 10, let's see. What does this say? Read off the ear? That one paragraph. That's from our good friend Laura. Remember Laura, you played her old strikes as the other day. Right. Laura Schwartz, who used to work with us in WMD, she's a good kid. A sweetheart. Although the day it records when she saw me, she was looking at the direction. She was having a big argument with her mother and Laura somebody. I didn't see it. And with that, I turned that long time ago. Yeah, I took him to the blabber. She didn't want to see me. I don't want to see her either. I like her though. And her husband Scott Schwartz worked on herself, the environment for about five minutes. And then he graduated. And her husband Scott Schwartz worked on herself, the environment for about five minutes. And he ran out of their screaming and yelling, babbling like an idiot. I'm serious. He left there like, you got to be kidding me. Just like you were talking about our friend Tracy Kersido before from IOD. Who came to work in promotions. If you want to get a posture, he also left there like, ah, I'm like, I'm like, oh, her. These people are a bunch of lawyers. I'm not going to lie for them. I'm going to look like that. And then of course, they wanted to make him the fall guy for that O.J. Golf term, which is how to see that's what I should have really sued their ass. Greg and Scurane and the Beesley that whole deal. There's just the grading and humiliating. You know, to that was a big joke. That's why that's why this whole thing with this charity deal this year. That's why it turned into a joke. Oh man. How much we got by the way, anybody know? I don't know. I don't know. Well, what did you ask? Huh? I could ask. Well, I know. I know Miguel is so overworked back there. I understand. No, no, just, you know, I'd have to bake up the phone. No, don't do that. No, not today. I might say my heart would go with that. Both of you guys don't do anything extra. That phone is awfully heavy. In fact, I'm not even going to hold. I'm just going to ram this lay in a dime. I'm going to read it like because it's too much energy to hold that sheet of paper. Just thanks me. So that's why the email you, but it came back under the way. I just because I don't take like an anonymous email. I don't do that. I'll get a hold of it. Oh, where are you? Laura says it's great here your voices again. Five of the internet after 14 plus years is a stay-at-home mom. I decided to go back to work. I'm working for Fox TV here in Orlando. Although some things have changed over the years, others remain the same. Like salespeople. Oh, yeah. She says I work with a guy, whereas Tom Denberg re-interneted. Same stature and cheap suits. Ha ha ha ha. I'd love to would Scott. Chavin and his wife last week. Well, there were in time to tour our station. Me with the Creative Services staff. He looks the same. Doing great. Living in New Mexico and Wisconsin. Hmm. Good places for him. Hope you and your all your families are doing well. Yeah, my family's doing fine. Next time I'm down in South. I'd love to pop it and see you. Take care. I guess you figures on there, huh? Well, just give her a kiss for me. I'll see you. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I'll give her a kiss for me. Yeah, I'll wave to her. That's her. I'll tell you yesterday's lesson. Million have converted for fun and profit. Now you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stritesis. We'll convert any goal if we're just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates. Welcome to the Irish Wars. I shall learn. My last day. I shall learn. At Earl Stritesis. That's it. But I just play a step on personal business. It's a little ponderous if you'll redo it. Especially in your pace off in East New Time, man. It would be sack religious, heavy real sack. Kind of like the beesleys of real sack of crap. Let me say it again. A real sack of crap. That's it. You don't like that, Joyce. You're mama. Oh, former UN chief for weapons inspector Hans Blitz that is weak that Iran is at least five years away from developing one of Bamba, leaving plenty of time to peacefully negotiate a settlement. There he goes. Make him trouble again. Hans Blitz. Sorry. Think about that movie. Hans Bricks. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hans Bricks. Team America world police. You're a real officer. Right, right after you're watching the Tom Cruise in the class of the Zonesauk Park. You're a very lost team of America world police. You love it. Especially the Kim Jong-il man. He's really good. That was hysterical. And then that one scene where they started screaming out. Matt David's a faggot. Everybody was that that same was great. David, thang. They're the best. Blacks attending an energy conference in Northwestern Norway, city down to the US with resort to invading Iran. But there is a chance that the US will use bombs or missiles again several sites in Iran. It was quoted by the news agency, and then the reactions will be strong and we're contributed to increased terrorism. And that's right. He's a he's seen nothing yet. He's blind. He's thinking other guys. I think Al Qaeda was bad. They're pikers. Right till he's a log it's all with them. That's a Bobby Graham warned us about. We want to listen to him. Right. Not we want to listen little Bobby. If there's been 22 votes, I feel like playing music the rest of the day. Oh, I feel like he's going to hear me. I feel like hearing me. I feel like hearing me. I'm not going to do it, but I'm so aggravated. It doesn't really affect me, but it just has another dark cloud. I'm already desperate situation. You know, and then carousel comes in there to make believe program director Junior PD and like he's standing there talking crap with me. I got in the talk you about with carousel. I got in the city. You know, everybody to build his turn here here because they didn't get their direct deposits today. And he's standing there doing small talks with me. You know, it's like when not muff used to come in and take our temperature with that long. You know, back to remember that. It felt like the air in the morning had to come in there and take our temperature to see like what mood I was in and you were in. And this way, oh, give me a break. Grow up all right. We need to please see people are insecure because they don't know their ass from my elbow. That's the way they behave. People are insecure just like this collar on my nine. You'll see. Come on. Come on. See what I mean insecure. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. Five sixty. And he Verizon. Sing it a rarvest line. It's a heavy call hour. Isn't it? That's what I heard. I got it on my long. Heavy call hour. Call for help. Call for Philip Morris. Call for ass assistance. Dominic. I am hello. Good morning. Meal. Good bye. Goodbye. And by the way. Dominic. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Turn the radio down. Turn that baby down. Here's the other way. Sounds like you have a lot of controversy going on. I bet. Yeah, we have a controversial show about colors that we don't talk to anymore. Right. Five six seven. Five six. You know, something was like fading off like him. And then minutes of good sign. You can do the. Another world. It's only. That's. That's. That's what it's. Smile on your face. Dominic. You. Hello. I mean. And he's still like. Good. I mean. I mean. I mean. Yeah. And remember the one day he called and tried to like be serious and like talk like an intelligent human being. You just can't do a palying. It's still not going to get on. The making difference. What you do. You can. You know, Gargle through your throat. Your ass. You're armpit. You can make all the signs. It can't. Couldn't get on because you just bug me. You're an idiot. It's just. It's just. It's just. It's just. For instance, it was clarington. For this, it's me or brethren. For you're spec. Yeah, it's. 440. Massive. 421. Power. 421. 5x. 440. 437. 214. 22000. 4x. 4600. 6300. 3 zeigen. 440. 480. 850. Okay. He's marrying the crowd, Jesus. Soak his mouth, science, all the jean. He's marrying, baby. Cool the shallady. You're fair, man. Who are they giving blood by our jean? Top 없어's got him being the King of מ� there. So be pun저ous! Way top scourd you expecting to see far moreley- Top shedimo get him from죠 above me. And he's got a ring, because his mind has turned into purple clothes. He's lost in a black hole, since he's blipin' the cold. What are you gonna do about it? You forever. He's getting crazy, you're my day. He's a lovely cover, since he's a run over. Took all of the white job frames, held away. Top rooms has got a beam, a kingdom's early though. What the sexy, straight to the cycle wall? He makes goofy claims and calls bad loud and names and I know. He's simply out of his door and by a big young and high of big, clinically out of his door. It's a 125 and 562wM kelty, be along with you too. If you'd like to start at 1230, that would be okay with us. In the wake of last week's immigration reform protest, one school district is taking Dranstick measures banning all symbols of patriotism both US and Mexican. All that's not started burning a bunch of flags. Beginning Monday, that's next Monday against young. The ocean side unified school district is banning all flags in patriotic clothing, according to school officials some students are using the garments and flags to talk classmates. Maybe to put that Mexican flag on there. Back home like that. Good place for it. Some critics of the mover calling it a violation of free speech protections to guaranteed by the Constitution. The USU points to land marks the Supreme Court case, tanker versus demoign. In that case, school officials attended the staff students who are protesting the Vietnam War for more in black arm bands. The school has to be able to show a strong likelihood that there's going to be a material and substantial disruption of school and if they don't meet that standard, they can't sense their student's speech at Kevinine and of the ACLU, etc. School officials in ocean side now say that whether the US or Mexican or any other country's flags have now become a divider on campus, saying some of the students are using them to talk others. But we've got to move to the bottom. Just a bunch of silly crap against. I would be like in Miami. You see in a bunch of people waving Cuban flags. You know that would really be a great argument. It was like during the alien days, you know. Or I see it all those, you know. I've taken away a lot of flags that was Brazilian flags hanging from the rear view mirror. Sure. Along with the plastic Jesus. You see, you know what I'll tell you. What's that all about? Brazilians. Brazilians. What? There's a Brazilian of a man or women or a undetermined both. God. Neither. Thousands and forty five ohs on the pool. What do you believe about Jesus? Yeah, I'll tell you one thing about Jesus. He sure couldn't help the bees. I'll tell you that. I don't care. Let me put this way. This is what I would tell him. If he tried to come in and solve the problem with the bees. I don't care. Who you are. You fair. Right. What do you believe about Jesus? He was one of many self-proclaimed prophets. Three hundred and thirteen. Kind of like beesies with their self-proclaimed prophets. You know what's really ironic of slapping the ass and you know this? I don't want to remember your nose in it, but I would like. They just get through his borrowing seventeen million dollars in their line of credit to buy another AM station if they're going to screw up in Las Vegas. Uh huh. We saw they got four stations in Vegas. They just spent seventeen million to buy out of it. And they can't be payroll. Right. They can't pay people on pay day. That would be like that power company spending eleven billion to buy another company somewhere else. While claiming that they don't have enough money to maintain the equipment properly exactly right exactly that would never happen. He was the Messiah. One ninety two. He never stole freight train one forty five old Yoshke. He is strictly for Goyum ninety eight. Amen. El Paso with that whole Jesus crap. He was just a regular guy in eighty. I should probably say it was just a regular Goy. But he wasn't. He was Jewish. Right. I hate this pool seventy eight. There never has been in it. He's never any such person seventy seven. In other words, Jesus my ass. He was a home all thirty five. And he was a snappy gresser. We got. For that. Maybe he was a snappy gresser and home all made it a little across the rest. Cross over on it. Most of the Lord. Like the Pope. That Pope now. What a snappy gresser he is. I got a pile of. Got a good pile of stuff here. But I'm just I feel so depressed from everything. It's like we're like we're like we're huh. Well, I didn't want to work with Miguel. I was just going to ask him so he called me and I had to pick up the phone anyway. Oh no. Twenty one thousand seven seventy five. Oh. Sounds like fresh powder to me. I don't know. Might be. Won't you press powder song but it's not press powder doing it. I'm going to see if he's brain. So like that he's pressed powder. Ha ha ha. Oh god. How about Edgar Prado? Wonder if he's writing a ghost in there. Yeah. There he go. That's what he went to building up for. I know you want me. Oh. I have to do it. Let's do it. That should be good. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. If I have to do it. Yeah. Let's play Motown for the rest of the week. Okay, Bartley. Very, very sad what's going on there. I'll tell you that right now. I don't want to talk to them anymore. I don't want to deal with them. I don't want to talk to them. Talk to normal kid. Okay. Talk to my agent. She's got a lot of time. I don't want to listen to your BS. Yeah. I don't want to remind you of that scene. Remember you saw the town of Mr. Ripley. You can always little bit. Pretty good movie. Now remember the scene where they hired the private investigator. The father. The father. He's the private investigator. Right. And he says the mad day when he wants to talk to him out there and go on the balcony. That day, man. And he says and the investigators says, In fact, the private investigator was the same actor that played in Magnody. Played the talk in the game show guy. Right. Right. Good actor. I'll speak in a bad actor. Not advocating a lifestyle. They're selling while we're broke back. Broken, smiling at Walmart and the glamour really upset about it. Too bad. They said, hey, we can make some money on it. We don't care. But anyway, so he comes out on the balcony there with the mad dayman. He says, I don't have time. I don't have time. I don't have exactly what he says. For Boltzmann. Remember that? I don't want to talk it like that. And that dayman thinks, oh, oh, now the hammer is really going to come down. You know, the hammer. And we don't have a single mole? Yeah, I do. Okay. Well, that's what I'm thinking. That's why I don't want to talk to these people because I'm trying to get in the B.S. you know, they're just full of it. They haven't got a clue, man. They're like, oh, my son, a little children lost in the desert somewhere without a compass, a road map or a cell phone. Daniel Levy and the international hero tribute. This is a good column. I'm going to do it anyway. I feel like the energy has been drained from my body. And then we find out who was in there patching around in the control room before. No. I don't why not. I guess we didn't bother running there. See, a lot of the birds that have been out of the oven. And I'd run in there and see who was like playing a fast and loose while we're on here, playing crap in a control room on the air. In the room where my children sleep. Remember that line with the mic on my wife sleeps in my children play with their toys. Right. Whatever that was. What a line. I think I was a hit, Michael. What do you think it was going to be you? Oh, very exactly. A Valentine. I'm looking for that. I'm going to play the other day. I know. You've got my heart. You've got my heart. There you go. All Fredo. So AC, friends and seeing up here on Mary's. That was a problem. Do you know since you more help, Mary's, do they, the guy would have missed? And I've been, oh, a bad shot. He'd have missed. Or would have been blanks like in a crash. I'm sorry. Oh, I don't say that in a small crash ring. But I think it would be. That loves the prizes. Daniel Levy writes and you might want to know who that is probably some Jew guy. He's a, he served as a policy advisor and a bad way aerial drones in, uh, he's off tourists. We finally got an update. He's in bed. Daniel Levy served as a policy advisor and he's really premonitor for office and a government of, in Hood Barak. He's been the leader's ready to act of the Geneva initiative. This article, first appeared in Tarritz. I'm sure you read that every day and he grew. A recent study in Tettledi is we are lobby US foreign policy. She would serve as a wake up call on both sides of the ocean. It's authored by two respected academics John Mirchheimer of the University of Chicago, and Stephen Walder Harvard University's JFK School of Government. The totally reported harsh. It's Jarring even for a self-critical Israeli. It lacks finesse and nuance when looks at the alphabet soup of the world of American Jewish organizations and how the lobby you to act with both the Israeli establishment and the white of right wing echo chamber. The study sometimes takes the reported omnipotence of a pack American is a public affairs committee. Too much of face value. This regarding key moments when the US and Israel were dives. The study also largely ignored a patch run in with more dubious Israeli administrations, most notably when an undermined yes-hawk were being. And how successive hawkies and his is often out of step with mainstream American Jewish opinion. If the case built by Mirchheimer and Walder's a potent one, identification of American Israeli interests can be principally explained by the impact of the pro-Israel lobby in Washington, and limiting the parameters of public debate. Rather than by the fact that Israel is a vital strategic asset, or has a uniquely compelling moral case for support, beyond is the office point out to write to exist, which in any case is an in jeopardy anyhow. The study at its most devastating when the scrubs have the lobby stifles the baphy intimidation, and at its most current when it details how America's interest and ultimately Israel's two are ill-served by the lobby's agenda. The bottom line might we just follow. Defending these radio-occupation-of-erb territory is definitely American pro-Israel community, what living is an occupier has done to Israel, modeled both its moral compass and its rational self-interest compass. And of course, I'm like a, it's on our website. So pro-Israel led to hers by Daniel Lee. I want to read the whole thing as we don't got time, and I want to start reading real fast in pumping like Lou Doves. Well, he was pumping bad last night, unless to it. Watch your hero, Lou Doves, but in a way, I don't know. But in a way, I don't know. But in a way, I don't always say that you're the one that told me to start watching it the first day. I understand that, but he dumbles and stumbles, man. He can't read. He can't read. He can't read off the teleprop. He can't read five words about that, but I'm never heard of him, it's not for you. Yeah, I see. So I told you he was such a great guy. So I'm going to tell you. He was the Messiah. That's what they are. I don't know what happened to these guys. He's going to say what I'm going to dance. He's setting the world. I don't want to hear, but he ain't even a snappy dresses. This, by the way. He's a real ruck. I've challenged him. He's five, sixteen, sixteen, eight, eight. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12th of one hour on Q8M. Look how kind of a break was that. So what was that? I believe that we have enough future. If I keep chatting on the twey, if I say I'm so, but it was just a lie. Our M.S.O.F.E.G.E. I believe he's here. Then go to a meeting. The food high my name is with me. I've got a long ago. Smokes upon a deal of no girl. Her wings and LSD. Angel Dostant's O'Caio. It's not crystal back then, XC. I give up, say, I'm so pleased. Ever thought that you were a sweet. They found some pardon me. You found a great sweet. I'm so happy. That's what I'm saying. It's not even a union. It's not a union. It's not a union. It's not a union. It's not a union. That's what we're doing. Thousands of times, who believe about Jesus. He was one of many self-proclaimed prophets. He was the Messiah, 196. 18.3% are so brainwashed that can't see GIF to force for the trees. He never stole a freight train, 146. He strictly forgot him 100. He was just a regular guy. He was a homo 36 and he was a snappy dresser. Still got it. Thought turd man. Okay, let's take a bunch of calls. Okay, we meet some of these people. We're got some answers for our daily. But let's just try to damn station off. I mean, what would be the reason why somebody would be like playing spots in there in a control room while we're on the year? What would be the reason for that? Uh, an accident? I don't know. They do stuff in there all the time all day. While we're on the year? Yeah. Just normally they switch it so that they rerout it. So just like on a vision, right? Or something as in not in the year mode. Some more on was in there. Some in basil. Some jackass. Nobody QAM, hello. QAM. Okay. Yeah, I'm hoping you could add to the call that he wasn't white. Well, this is the Haitian guy again. I'm not Haitian. Now this is the Haitian guy. All right. You do have any had that? No. No, we can't. 560560, he wasn't white. Like you know, he was white head, lighter shade of pale. How do I know what he was? This guy probably saw that them a shroud of turin man. I'm sorry, the shroud of turin. Is that what we call the shroud of turin? Only when they documented them and we see it was a shroud of turin. WQAM, hello. I'm not the way in the kitchen. I love the house. I love the house. I really, I always got a woman on the thing. He's a great job. What the hell was that? I had no idea. What was that? Like I had to say. I got you reaction and all of a sudden disappeared. That was maybe the most interesting code we've had all month. Of course it's one to fifth. WQAM, hello. QAM. Good answer. I know that. I don't know that. Do you see the bottom? It's top. Yeah. Yeah, we know that. Okay, thanks. WQAM, hello. QAM. I do get a message there. Yeah, we get a message to you. How's that? You get it? Five, six, ten, and five, six, three. Pound five, six, ten, and Verizon, singular. You're arousaligned. WQAM, hello. You know, are you talking about it? Hate and you build your career awful. I'm not a host. How come when you don't believe in God, you expect to end? You're making all of that money. You've got a new line for today. A little more. Is that what you've had today? A little more. Is different line. They work that overnight and the lines too. And that's what it came up with. That's sort of a prize. They're working on it feverishly. Okay. And that's what I've been getting before the New Jar of Assilin. Five, six, seven, and five, six, six, six, six, six, six, or as again, maybe they're using gasoline instead of gasoline. The third one's gas. And I was like, maybe seven, time he was up like that. A little raspberry. A little raspberry. It's just a raspberry, George. Just relax. Okay. Bitch. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. I'm a drawer. Yeah, you're a journalist. You sound like it. WQAM, hello. I can not buy questions. They call me, too. Come on. I could believe that. That's only. WQAM, hello. WQAM. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. No, I'd like to see a wall does the wrong mind. We can keep the children's up. Send the children's back. WQAM, hello. No. Yes, sir. Actually, that is serious question if you don't mind. I'm sure, yeah. And where is the founder of I-resignate? I mean, I'm not a lawyer. And why the law? The lawyer is a nation. Yes. And we think that democratic has to actually fake that the house. You think the fire will screw it up again. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, what does that have to do with the other going to take back the house or not? Well, if a giant stand there when they get the democratic, I'm not going to say what. No, how about to do cutting-and-scanel? How about the bill fist scandal? How about to jack a Romals scandal? How about all these things, huh? And you know something they could still blow up, believe me. They're like the beeslies of politics. They could have no other party, and they could still lose you like an ethylene covenant that Democrats are. Like do I think? What do I know? What's all the wine? I don't have the, I don't have the, a dival voting machine, man. I don't have the good machine. If I had the keys to the good machine, then I could like control it. Now, what we need is to keep it in the machine. It's over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Blomm turned to these calls. They're the best. Just put me in a lot better mood. I'll tell you. I, I, I won't say I can't believe it, but it's just stupidifying to me to think that here it is. It's after noon already. All morning long people have been walking around there like semi-suicidal or at least maybe even beyond that. And it was like not even like a, remember last time there was a memo wealth anybody, you know, if any bank charges are incurred the company would. And that's because we got this new guy in there who walks around patting on the back. I mean, I don't know. I'm talking about your general manually. That's what I'm talking about. We're no, the funny bank charges are incurred blood of blood of what? That felt cover it. Who said that? The last time they had a member that was this guy, maybe it wasn't a memo put out, but they were seeing it. No. Yeah, they did. No. Maybe didn't say that. They said, go take a flying F. Really? Really? Yeah, you must have dreamed that. No. I thought, man, maybe I thought that that's what I, like a responsible company would have said. But, well, maybe you thought that, but that's not what happened. Oh, I thought maybe Grace had that, so he covered personal with a blanket. Of course he's busy, you know, he's very busy guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he's in other words, you're on your own. Don't expect he would pay it on pay the, you know, man. If your finances a lot better and take, you know, take a cure, my baby like Bobby would say. Put the crap. Don't expect us to bat you out with money. W2AM hello. Yeah. I want your positive. W2AM hello. QAM. W2AM. I was almost going to say you can do it, but obviously you can't. QAM hello. QAM. W2AM hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes. What's up, man? This is, thank you for the, we listen to you every day, man. Okay, Frank. All right. I got a question for you. Yeah. How was in the army? And they used this uranium to pre-tiger anium shell. A lot of guys in my unit that come in a bar, that came in a mess up with no arms, no legs. Right. Why is it anybody reporting that? Because nobody cares. What if he did her a gun? So what's that guy do with American Idol? I know. Listen, George is asking. It's so 70s man. They can change. He's not your type. 560560. Your hairstyle. What's that? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? 1870s. I'm high in tight, baby. My hair style is in baby. I got affected. I shave that baby real tight. Man. Running my, running my fingers to her right now. Let's go take this one finger though. And stick it with a moon don't try. No, I'm saying Joe. Which will call me any more Joe don't eat. Don't call me. Don't deal with me. I don't want. Okay. I want to know from nothing. I'm sure he'll be in there any minute. See, hey, George. Let's talk a little later. You know. So absolutely totally full of it. It's just it's unbelievable. How could anybody possibly possibly outdo is predecessor. You know what I'm saying? As far as being full of it. But he's, he's absolutely doing it. WQAM Hello. Two A M. One. I don't want to know from nothing. I'm sure I'll be in there any minute. He's what? WQAM. Can't do it. Two A M. Hello. Jesus told me he was black. WQAM. Jesus told me he was black. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right. Where is it? Also, it sounds like the cross of WTNK every morning. That's another thing we can't get that straight enough. What is that all about? And don't tell me it's the feedback. The whatever. Yeah, it's whatever. That's exactly what it is. Brother. WQAM Hello. Hey, now. Oh, sure. That little kid that calls and keeps calling you about the release. And he said, you have all this money. You want to believe in God. Don't you understand that the poor are you are or the more poor Cuts you're poor people are the ones that's more faith based or more Believe in Jesus thinking they're going to help them out. Using that as a crutch. I don't understand this. These people try to put everything on you. Just don't you do man. I'm God. And I say you're doing okay, buddy. WQAM. Hello. Charers. I hope you like my tea bag. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Or it's the deadly guy. I know he'd be calling before the day was out. I like lifted. Oh, sorry. Oh, the lifting. When is the lifting coming? The lifting. The lifting. Do you want to QAM? Hello. Don't give me the lifting. QAM. If I like wait chocolate my racist. QAM. Yes. QAM. Hello. Which is the mentality? Okay. Listen. I'm going to be real straight and blunt about it. I got the first part. Go ahead. I'm in the produce industry, host sale, produce industry. And I can understand. Sounds like you're a great. You can understand one. And my vegetables too. But if it was not for the Guana Mallons and Mexicans, we would not have vegetables on our table. Yeah. So back in the 50s and 50s and 50s. How many probably all loaded with pesticides? So it's probably. You can't do that. You do. You cannot wash off. Right. And strawberries are. They cannot take the pesticides. Even that's not going to FIT. They sell in stores. Well, not wash off the chemicals. It's not. So probably good. I need not to be no strawberries. That's what hungry burger found out. But the fact of the matter is, Neil, back in the 40s and 50s and 60s were my grandfather and my father were young. They, they, the blacksmith's south. It's travel of the eastern seaboard. And then you did have people in California to pick it. But it wasn't for these people. I mean, we have to give them food stamps and medical and everything and housing. But is it work out in a fresh shower and broccoli and cauliflower? I don't, I don't know any of that. So I say, no. Do we need that? I know you don't need broccoli because you hit broccoli. I eat salad that would have to pay twice as much as if it was. Yeah. We go to the report. I'd rather pay four times. Right. Because I eat that stuff so infrequently. Wouldn't it affect five bucks? It would be taxed. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. Forget about doing that. What's your favorite diet? I want to read that. führy and so long. So say the program October 21ST. challenges all the day and I write a couple of views every day and I don't hear it? And I say company, I mean, this ain't no company. There's just a bunch of rednakes. That's all, just a bunch of rednakes, playing like radio business. There's no radio business. There's just monkey business. I mean, in their case, it's a more like donkey business. Or speak of that. Would you quit cracking in Nuckel's man? No. New Delhi, speaking of monkey-bid donkey business? A textbook used at schools in the Indian state of Rajasthan compares housewives to donkey's. And suggests the animals make better companions as they complain less and are more loyal to their masters. The times of any reports today. Go ahead. A donkey is like a housewife. In fact, the donkey is the shade better for while the housewife may sometimes complain and walk off to her parents home. You'll ever catch the donkey being disloyal to his master, newspaper reporting, quoting a 10-D language primer meant for 14-year-olds. What is your treat to women good, no scum fees don't they? Yeah. Just not all that. It's a donkey gets out of line. You can beat that ass. Is that it? Right. Oh, everybody likes a little ass. 12-months pass no to QAN, with lightning quick speeds, latest features and security. Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL-15 and up to 100 times faster than dial up. Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast Reliable Fast Connection means you'll be flying through the Internet. First when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instances to feed features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Rhapsody Video Plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. And you also get on top of all of that. MacaFee Security tools included, so you can be assured your Internet experience is always safe and secure. So what you're waiting for is start doing more fast than ever before, sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months. You'll wonder how you ever managed to get along without it. And date call 305 Comcast and in Broward. 9.54 Comcast. Comcast. This is New Roger. This is 5.62. 8. 8. Yes, did they work the coolest? Thanks for taking me here, Dad? I'm glad you're having fun, son. Hey look, what's that? Why is it Looks like a new roeder coast? Hey, that one looks pretty cool and looks like a big saddle which I hop in line. It doesn't look too long. Hey buddy welcome to the brand new roller coaster. It's tight in it very much. This is a great assay ever. Okay well just take a seat right here. Hey what's up little boy. Excuse me sir. Why is there only one seat? You have to sit on the gay guys' lap. Where the hell's the seat there? Oh don't worry. I'll make sure that you're in tight. I'll get my arms real tight around your way. Broke back space mountain. Coming soon. Let's get this new world. I'm gonna go to the park. I'm gonna go to the park. Remember you stood there with the Ford sounds. I used to have so much fun doing it. I don't have a lot of fun. I don't have a lot of fun. I can't say that and can't do that on else. But boy you guys want to get paid on payday while screw you. How do you like that? I think everybody in the building out of just get up and walk right out. See? No chute wouldn't have a good idea. Just get up and walk right there a lot of it. Just leave them in the trunk. Yeah, exactly. Just leave them in the old sack. Man, if anybody deserves it, what a bunch of go-a man. Just unbelievable. Nobody would believe it. Talk about dancing in the street. You guys in heatwave. You guys across the street, man. You ought to be doing a kazaski on front of your building. Just having a party. Just drop a tombstone pizza in front of the QM building. They can't afford the tombstone over there because they got all their money in the dolphin organization. But they get a four tombstone pizza. Just put a box out there in front. Do you think it's appropriate? Sure. God. Moreen dowd writes. Oh, you're not going to read a moreen down column right here. It's not your fact. Because I'm in the mood to do it. The spirit of Christ compelled me to do it. Two worn out diplomats, one fooled out bed. Moreen says I'm just back from London where the bridge were fascinated with a county rice and jacks straw. Two for the road Odyssey. The exchange of visits to their hometowns, Birmingham and Blackburn. And the rebuff of county by Palma Cartney and a Blackburn mosque. British journalist loved hearing about how county exercises alongside diplomatic reporters and hotel gyms. Not at all self-conscious about working out in form-fitting shorts and t-shirts. The British are used to iron ladies, prepped up pumping iron, but trying to iron out world affairs. It is quite new book, mainly, miss. The Harvard professor Harvey Manfield writes only one woman with that exalted trade, Margaret Thatcher, who told the first president, Bush not to go wobbly on Sodom. Teaching other women to be assertive of Mr. Manfield, first might be like teaching her cat to bark. Oh, if I can interrupt this for just a second, were you watching CNN before but had to commercial for the litter-quitter? No. I might have seen it before. On CNN, about a half or twenty minutes ago, they showed a cat squatting on the tru-ish. I thought for sure that we're going to show them dropping a load. Yeah. And the litter-quitter, you know, it sits, you fit it on your toilet seat. And it's going to look at the litter from the litter box inside of it. And you train your cat to dump in your toilet. Oh, Jesus. You talk about desperate. The Christian news network, they must really be desperate. That's for litter-quitter. And I wasn't as spot-it was like a news segment about cats dumping in your toilet. Anyway, marine rights. You had to see it to believe it. The struggles of the relentless American diplomat on the charming British diplomats and notcaves in Iraq and get the government to govern with the war spitting into Sofia, sectarian fighting. It was less mesmerizing than many reporters in the Paris gender vendors. At one point, Mr. Strauss said American England had the right to prod Iraqi politicians. We've got to be able to deal with Mr. A, Mr. B or Mr. C. We can't deal with Mr. Nobody. A smiling misrice depoting the illusion that Iraqi women are better off corrected. Jack, I'm sure we all be right with Mr. A or Mr. B or Mr. C too, right? We'll have to be generic missions that are no powerful women leaders there. The Foreign Secretary held his face and pleaded, I was not being gender-specific. Don't report me, please. The British reporters were gobsmacked when Gandhi gave her a full-out bed on her Boeing 757. To Mr. Strauss for the night flight to Kuwait and slept in the aisle as flight attendants stepped over her. It may have been a sudden that US foreign policy is finally becoming humble as W. Promise to his first campaign, now that Gandhi has admitted thousands of mistakes in Iraq, thousands. But it also shows the Secretary-end of St. James importance of manly virtues she was tough enough to sleep on the floor and silver-rescent enough to make sure Mr. Strauss didn't have to. The times of London made smartly jokes about how far the special relationship has developed and asked a bag that embassy spokesman of Jack Sleeping in Kambi's bed was second-base for the couple. The comedian Bill Marr recently noted that while other countries like to wide away female leaders, our women politicians are still expected to wights themselves into a straight jacket and act like men. It's been two decades since I covered Geraldine for our historic run for the White House. One politician welcome Mr. Arwood a risk courseage, another in Mrs. Cibi asked the young lady if she would make blueberry muffins. Johnny Carson joked that Joan Mondale wouldn't like her husband working late with the female vice president. So now there are racie-ri-strog jokes. How far have we come? The Los Angeles Times ran a piece yesterday about how it was doubts about Hillary, including Sharon Jones' basic instinct that it's too soon for the or senator since the woman should be passed to sexuality when she runs. And she thinks Hillary still has threatening sexual power. Don't most bull dives have that? You seem down back to that we kicked a habit of wanting daddy in the oval office until we kicked a habit of wanting daddy in the anchor chair. Now that's the nightly news is largely in an acronym and the suits are trying to make it more currently in person now to driven to win younger viewers. We can finally break that barrier. Even though Walter Crankei's friend into a group-lies fall that women on TV talk in too high register. You know what I mean? Yeah, like that. Like so many times. Like what's your name? Read across me. As Rebecca Dana Riley wanted in the New York Observer, what is gravitas and what is it kicking at nightfall? He quoted one network executive explained that even women like to get their news from other women in the morning and from men husband figures at night. So now we'll see if Katie Turck can be trustably, herkily in task of appearing on camera for five or ten minutes tonight reading a teleprompter. Still, she'll have to prove that being more than just a headliner, she knows which to be behind the headlines. As Bob Schiefer has done raising CBS ratings or as Christian on on poor my do as an anchor, Katie needs to show she understands the wording events beyond the teleprompter. Let's just hope less moon beds doesn't look a more with a wrist-core side. Especially a limp wrist-core side that would be bad. Some of those are wrist-core side, I don't even know what that is. When you go to the prom, no. I don't even know if you don't go to the prom. One one goes to the prom, the nail gives a core size to the female. But what is a wrist-core side? You wear it on your wrist, the female wears it on your wrist, it's like a bouquet of yours. You wear it on your wrist, especially if it's limp. How long to wrist? How much of a wrist helps stabilize it? Oh. 119 votes, man. We are kicking some serious ass and a Jesus poll. What would Jesus think? What would Jesus think of the Beeslees? Do you want to... I wonder if they're good to the church go and focus over there on an April. Do you think? I don't know. His Asia got a lot of sins to a tone for while you're in damn tea of that right now. I'd like to put that whole, I got some of shpuck on on that canoe up the Kuhu al-Lasi river, with Bert Reynolds and Ned Baby and John Voitt, and who was the other one? Ronnie Cox. What a memory. That corn sure is special, man. You know who's very good and never gets... People don't talk about him that much. Because he never plays the leading man kind of role. Ned Baby, right? Am I right? Absolutely. Can you ever think of a bad role in he playing? Listen to me. Television is not the truth. You don't turn off your television, set your turn off right in the middle of the shit. That's like that deadly play before. Very similar. Not a man so the board goes back. Yeah, Howard Biel, I was Ned Baby putting the words in his mouth. You do remember that? Because you was a Paul Sleeper now, and we'll be unlike John. But that's seen it like four years ago. But two slow to get it to catch on when it's all about. Right. John's by the way said that the David and Boy didn't have the second worst hairpiece in the world. He said it had the worst. Which I thought was really over the top. That's worse than call me a damn old, a fagg, a turd. Whatever he said on Monday. Now, what do you even get paid today talking like trash like that? Yeah, that was it. And I must have been a goddess punishing you. You know what I'm saying? Deal, God. And we'll teach you. Becoming an old turd burger. I ain't no cat. I'll tell you that. I'm not dumping my little quitter. I'll tell you that. What is it? Little quitter? I've ever wrote it down. Make sure I got it right. Right. I'll tell you later. So you can't get paid. I've never wrote it down. I'm going to ask where my name next time. Go to my kitty litter store. Man. I don't care what anybody says when you walk into a house of people at own cats. I don't care what anybody says. And they got the litter box. It smells like that. You know what I'm saying? Like that. Right. Like this. Not that. But this. Of course, after we range the letters in this. This is a real Roger. This is five 16. Two? Two? Two? Eight. Five. Six. Six. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five.�. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. You will go to a very festive occasion and hold that you must not know and so be kind and pertinent, must come down. You have the fennel you will. So we are up to the feet that you are of right before your eyes. Eric, we will be on talking through his tea from 3.30 or 4 with the guilty. What does sound those two much make together? You are squeak through your tea like a chorus. Do I wish me? I thought 26.30 for the master's at our gusto. Tough 2.5 hours assignment because we got a lot of stuff. Panther preview starts at 2.00 a.m. 6.30 and the Panther and the Transjard game starts from the Yenocenter with 7 but then we switched that over to K.T. 13.60 and 7.30. Because we got to make way for the Marlins. Those Red Hot Marlins are got a hell of a streak one on a row. 11 to 2 last night they kicked some serious ass. They are going to wish they would have said 7 and runs I think Josh. You are probably right. That's a way usually kind of even though. Marlins run decked 7.35 on QAM of course and Marlins at the Astro is the rubber game of that 3 games set. They do 5 in minimate part and letting our taz after the game. I was not a joke that's for serious. Anybody believe me? It's true. It's what it says here. Lening Martens after they Marlins throws game. Oh speaking of a rubah the reason I played that? Yeah. On an island where it's a breeze to find yourself on a picture postcard setting it's no one to choose makes up 85% of rubah's economy. Some 800 thousand Americans visit each year. There's never been there though. A rubah. I have no interest in going either. It's not far from Iraq as I believe. Am I right? Yes, can be. Is there north of Venezuela? Just north of Venezuela? I'll tell you. It's down south. No, seriously. Oh come on. School girl, don't be that lazy just because you're a peo that you're not giving them. Look, again, I'm looking and not already with him. Give me a million dollars and tell me go away already. He's very gay. Jesus, why do you keep saying that? Because you're right. And by the way, I'm getting a haircut. Will you please Justin? Well the sexual predators are using all this new technology to trap victims and traffic in pornography. What is that? They think they're picture in the sun. I don't know if it is on yours is it. I'm a singer that explains for me. I'm seeing an international scene. The words are like not matching them out. Beauty. I think God's punishing you idiots. Just take an ass story and let me say it again. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was making hundreds of thousand dollars and you know and of course that's unfortunate because people are going to look at that story and say oh yeah like the and the real victims out there the kids are giving them like this whole line of security guy like a mischamala and at the 13 year old boy you turned out to be a cop, you know. He didn't really believe that he was a young kid. He's that way to the Vaseline and the Mexican Mark gun and I have a square gun. He wanted to do a little score at score. That's what I heard. And the stuff's barred up. But one of them, a Malabalama, a Alabama teen edley, Holloway, vanished from the popular vacation destination while I graduated with a group 10 months ago and made a cosplay lunch at Oreshi. That hurts to do that. I just tears my throw-out to the read-a-cause video and as the latest route of searches for her continued Natalie, not read-a. It appears that the steady stream of news about the disappearance may be hitting a reward hurts in the Paga book where all the people of QM got hurt this morning when a came in and found out surprise. You thought you got that direct deposit? You spent that money? Surprise! We screwed you. We screwed you good. We stuck it to you. There's this stigma when I was telling people we're going to rub a first-screen vape. People were kind of like, what? Tourist Joe William told CBS News correspondent Bianca Sorazano. Rob Smith, who's with a rubbers hospitality and security foundation, conceived the peaceful island he loves maybe feeling some tourism heartaches saying it's obviously affected our worldwide integrity, at least our integrity. Smith says that after 10 years of steady growth tourism in a rubbers suddenly flat. I think a lot of people believe a rubbers not safe and that's just not the case he insists they're thinking a Mexico. How's that Canadian couple do by the way going to see them anymore? No, oh, must have been those other Canadians done it. That's what they're trying to say and it's because the sunny foxes are crook and who do anything to try to keep them on a hurt-by-mixer can tourism. Don't go to Mexico by the way. Don't go on a cruise ship and don't go to Mexico. Those are my two suggestions for you. And what was the third one? Don't work for QAM. When Solazano approached a group of 14s, asked if they felt safe on a rubbers you got to be sounding, yeah, definitely definitely is replied definitely. For sure, for sure, and you were right. What? It's right by the way, though. It's just north of Venezuela. I'm sure. It's like a little turd there in the ocean. Just north of the way. That's what I call crook. Cro-a-sal. That would it be? Coruscale? No. Can you say it with your strict stuff, Mr. You better get with it. Are they going to kick you ass out of Venezuela when you go there? You don't want to go there. Oh, oh, oh, right. It's crook. It's what? Cro-a-a-sal. It's cro-a-sal. It's not crook. It's got like a little thing under. What do you call those things? Not the essential, but it's got to think under the secrecy. Coruscale. Trust me when I said it. It's not crook, okay? The cow is in India and he's safe. He's in India where he'll be safe. As opposed to the New York backyard, we're probably be dinner. We probably chop it up to put in the past ourselves. That's whatever it is. And how do we get to Coruscale? I was on the way to where Rubah, on a bit of Venezuela. Coruscale and Father Edwiniam told Sola, is on our 100% we believe it's safe. We feel the Rubah is that everything I can in terms of solving this mystery. And George says it with that Dutch punk that fatter into the face. He thinks with the faces, okay? And he said, like, look at Brassie. He thinks with the faces. And who else cares anyway? Clark food. Well, again, the media decided that that was an important story and he cared just to ran with it and drummed it in the ground. I still don't care about it. What's the reason? I think that was a pretty good one. That was like the runaway bride. And she wasn't even pretty. What was the excuse with that? Well, that needle was bitch. Did we ever those days? Oh, yeah. I've sessed with that. In fact, I haven't played that in a hell of a long time. The runaway, runaway bride. That's my band. I'm sorry. I apologize. What the hell is the matter? I'm not a little lonely. You're not like your cry. I'm not a kid not by aliens. Then kidnaps again. You've been kidnaps by aliens. Where they don't tuck you. I'm a turkey. I'm a turkey. I'm a turkey. Is that an American? Where is it? Where? The Mexico. I'll put the kids. Yes. I'll send you a picture. No, no, no, Mexico. Okay. I don't believe you. You don't have to lie to me. I want to get married. I really do. I just want to keep that by aliens. I'm not a lady. I'm a... They've got your hair. They got your hair. I just... They're the aliens. I'm sure they're. You say short hairy, mean like, rad, sea, crash, short. A little longer than that. A little longer like bobby. Oh. They've been to the Vegas Jodan. I don't know. They don't get a lot of things. Probably you do more. Are you gonna pick you up? I'm gonna send a love. Do you love it? Yes. Can you get me a floor pee? What? A floor pee? What? A floor pee? What? Like a blueburner wolf. I just think you're not. I think you're sleeping. Alright, I'll get a personal. You really been kidnapped, honey? My aliens are the blue men. aliens travel blue veyens. Do you like the Chevy veyens? No. Do you want to forward? No. We'll kind of land it. I think I don't have a family. Does they do anything to you? Does they probe you? No. Oh, kids. Oh. Proud you. No. My love please. No, you idiot. I'm not coming along. Stay in it the 711. Do you don't want to burn the day? No. What? No, I don't. But I forgive you. I don't care. You come home. I'm done. Come home. I'm done with it. I'm busy. Come on. I'll take it. I'll leave you. Leave. Goodbye. To the beach. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6. I just got it. Now, in the hot edition, Jessica, I read that you might adopt a baby. Definitely. You know, if you do adopt a Mongolian child, you'll have to learn Chinese to understand it when it starts to talk. Huh? And since there's over 3,000 letters in their alphabet, you'll never be able to text message. Then what? And the keyboard on the computer would be over 22 feet long. Wait, I'm confused. If you bought a scrabble game for it, it would weigh over 242 pounds. This is hard. And it could never get on wheel of fortune. Please stop. If you ever bought alphabet, too, for it, you'd have to buy like 228 gallons. My head hurts. Stay tuned. There's more in some editions of cob. Don't forget, we got naked pictures. George, he does a distance in our line doing a, you know, you had your finger on it. People were talking to me before to show about this. His theory with the networks about just in, uh, this kid, uh, just in Barry, just in time. He's the new, uh, Jason, posted child for the government wanting to start to this. This is not going to be me. Excuse me. This is why every five minutes, there's another segment on, uh, children being, uh, abuse that were in that way. Right. Yeah, well, it was, it was obviously a problem. But if parents are more responsible, first of all, only your kids go into those chat rooms because only crazy people are in chat rooms. Not just sexually, which is just in general. Yeah, but I thought it goes on the chat rooms and poses as a 50 year old man. Really? No, no. Yeah, but that's for you. Try to get some 25 year old chicks. But anyway, but that was a decent. But that's, that's going to be you'll see. They're going to use this as a way to try to warm their way in. They've tried every other way to censor the internet. And this is going to be next. You'll see. Speaking of video, a video posted on the internet today in the name of an extremist group claims to show Iraqi intelligence dragging the burning body of US pilot on the ground after the crash of an Apache helicopter. Parts of the video were blurry and the face of the man being dragged wasn't shown. His clothes were so tattered. It was impossible to tell if he was wearing an American military uniform. The US military condemned the posting. Sounds like what you called all over again. What you called? Richard? Which is that? No, I'm talking about where they were dressed. Somalia. Oh, yeah, that thing. Yeah. Dragon soldiers to the streets. The US military condemned the posting and said that although reports of a website video suggested to raise remove part of a body from the crash site, the authenticity of the video can't be confirmed. Are they working on that right now? I'm sure. We're outraged at any moment we created and published and say despicable video for public exposure to US military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Whittington said. The video posted by group calling itself the sure counsel of Mujahaddin claimed that the military wane attract on the crap, which US military said went down Saturday. So they're slapping him through the streets like a trophy, you know? This is what your archids have been sent over there for okay to be used that have used and killed of it and have your legs blown off and our heads and eyes and body parts, arms and a public just hits back but I beat that I boop but I want to forget about it. If I get about it, when's this a plan? I was on again. Huh? Forget about it. You know, that's the thing that really killed me about that whole superannoyce thing. What is the things that people quote? It's like it's lines that are like, uh, like, bought a bin, you know? Let me say it again. That's not a soprano thing, but a bin. The thing you put it, brings all over your eyesight. Which still unripped off from the godfather. We believe me the soprano thing. No godfather. We explained that to you. They talk about the godfather all the time. I don't care what they talk about. That's what they named their strip club based on that line from the godfather. The bottom of it. The thing you put it, friends. That only a night. It's still ripped off from the godfather. They know that. They say that. And the only reason that anybody ever walks at you is because we're waiting for godfather for now that Maria from Mary got shot. Thank god for that. Although Michael, he dropped the orange on the ground. I guess we have to assume he's more throw, right? Not he, for the only, yes he is. Not about the dead people now. Pretty Mary, he married. Dad, sorry, Mary. Oh, you had to come in. Let's take all bunch of calls now. I'm starting to lose my voice. I have to be out six of us at a week. Get learned, dried as soon. I am a good, like, uh, I'm losing my voice from, get like all worked up about all this crap going on there. How is this possible, seriously? Every time you think it's like a little, you know, how one of these call me, but only chats on the phone. And you think like maybe just a little sanity is creeping in or a little stability. And then it's like, just, like that, you know. And the audience thinks it's stick, you know, I think we're making it up. We're not making it up, okay? It's not stick, it's sick. Sick, SIKK, sick. Call a doctor, please. WQAM, hello. You know, God. Yes, sir. I got the way to get rid of the Bible, doctor. Yeah. When it comes to the house, you just say, I'm kind of saying a little prayer. And they say, sure, we'd love that. And then you say, dear Jesus, protect us from your followers. Amen. I see, I got a better one. Don't be a good friend, it's a little bit of a nice time to leave soon. Yeah, that's better. We're, we're, we're so a lot better. And then you have to worry about him coming back. Don't forget all your kids out there, if anybody, any guestgees, tell me your house, tell them, religion, just a new photo law that went into effect last October. It gives you full formation of lowway, any guestgees. It's isn't right in there, they even scrubber right, guestgees. So many QAM, hello. Me, oh, yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon now. Winis, Todd, I'm Dase. Oh, I said, you're late, or do you think, man? It just got to work, that's a long ago. Thanks, God. Thanks, God. Yeah, just I had called in for the first time of a few weeks ago, and I probably made an episode of myself. I'll put it right in and man, good call. I get all these Republican bitches put together, and I just get them all confused. And culture, I said, I'm not a bad anchor, that she chopped up her hair. She didn't chop her hair, I was thinking about the other Republican bitch. Okay, good. Well, call somebody else and tell them, maybe they care. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. Yeah, remember the call, and this one was even more say, you know, that one, you know it, even out of them so. No, we'll never know. No, we'll never know. Some people are cars, you're not. And one of these days, maybe we'll hear from some real ones. I doubt it though. Not a misdation. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello, what's going on? Yes, sir. All right, I want to thank you for the pasta. Okay. Working out great for me, my shirt to levels, I actually had two in my once. And sugar in the drop of bed, it was just a bit tainted all well. So just what I thank you for that. Excellent. Hi, everybody. Hi, everybody. See, there you go. There's a guy in got the dream fields. Right? Now, that kind of called yesterday. I mean, it's just, it would be amusing if it were so pathetic, you know. We're getting a smear a little bit to, uh, yeah, right. Yeah, all right, like I like, I do business under Neal Rogers, right? Like there's really such a person. Like they would have any idea what I do for a living or who I am. I do business online like anybody else, you know, with my real name and credit card and like a real person. Not in the O'Rodges, top show host. It's looking to get smear a little bit to promote your product. Use your real name, boy, she put the moshi puppet. Sala hurts. Sala fuce. Oh, boy, I said, can you imagine if he wouldn't have had larsity as heart? Uh, yeah. I think about whatever. I think about whatever. He can smear a ton or more the six million dollar man and wrote her. I'm telling, I'm telling you that. I know it. I think about it. I'm not heard. Like I'm in here. I got a normal. Okay. Well, Norm is in court today. I got he responded to my email this morning. I said something and he responds by, well, I'm going to court. Now, look at that this afternoon. Yeah, okay, Norm. Only thing he wants is a check. That's all he wants. Now, given Joe Dodger, what does number get a check? Get a check. Remember Joe Dodger, you all have a little bit of his awful little crazy spy. Get a check. Man, there is a guy that ought to kiss the ground. You talk about a little bit. And of course, what business did he get into? The radio business. He bought about 80 billion radio stations. He made yogi burracing like an MIT professor. That's how our ticket of Joe Dodger was not. He made this a Dean seemed like a Ellister cook. Snook. Good at check. And then I remember being on the today show. And he's in their bitching and mowing about the, had the Italian defamation league about the godfather. When the first came out about how it's anti-attagging with all those hysteria types. Well, guess what? They weren't just the titan. They were sitting in the anny. Okay, so Sidians. So Dodger, you all in my ass. See that that's what it all started. And this continued to the literacy in America with the jocks. And that's that's where Kosel had his stomach on a man. The jockocracy. You literally, oh, and by the way, last night they had the Marlins. I don't care what Josh court is. This rich wall is just awful. They just started an out of Tommy Hutton to hold him by himself. Color play by a play the whole thing. Tommy Hutton's great. Yes, he has the rich wall. So he's an embarrassment. He's like a little kid. He has no presence, man. He can't protect. He's got no voice. He's got he like he's got really a cosmic syndrome. Yeah, I mean, I don't think he has a very good voice. He's terrible. And here they're in here. They're kicking ass, man. It's eight to nothing. And I tune in just when the next guy, if there was already nothing next guy, I would see who knows what the names are now. He hits a double. And it's like, uh, oh, there's a fly ball. Oh, and they're got to get it. And he's got to get a double. Oh, my god. And you wonder and Barry Jackass is their kiss in his ass. And coding, making coding comments from this guy. Like he's going to make the game is really uh, uh, syntholating and penetrating. Hey, Barry, penetrate this. You idiot. You jackass. How's that? Palloni Sam. Barry's the only guy that'll get be a baloney and peanut butter and jelly. All together. Not separate, but like the same sandwich. I think mommy's trying to chase his ass out of everything. Oh, spatula. They saw you, they sure trying to get rid of your kids. Don't cook with cheese. You see those. They'll have to see those from the dairy council. Yeah. I don't know these kids. They're like in their 40s already. And there's the old ancient mom and pop and they do anything. We get rid of them, you know. Wanna get rid of your kids? Don't cook with cheese. I know where that came from. Just just so aggravated thing. Agitated. Who who don't needs this, you know? We ought to be kicking ass. We ought to be doing just great. And instead, look what we got now. We got total confusion. That's what we ought to play with temptations. Voloc confusion. That should be our theme song. For Joe Bell and his crowd. Voloc confusion. You want to say, you got it? Voloc confusion by the temptations? Get out of somewhere. I guarantee over here my motel pile. I got it. You know, this computer's love. No. I got this. Oh, look what I'll say. I just found for baseball time. Next week. And we got baseball Wednesday and Tuesday. Now, what time is the pre-game star in those days? The games are 105, I believe. Prof. 30. Prof. Prof. Not 30 man. 30. Wednesday and Thursday. Marlons, that should be good ratings, boosters. You can send bonus money. Uh, boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Thanks, guys. Thanks for the fun further. I'm sorry. Oh, there you go. That's why I think Joyce is guys. He's got balls of computer. Oh, for me. You know, that's a great. I don't have who you all have. You have. You have. Okay, I say, you love it. I'm going to have it in the 77 votes. We're going to go over 1200. We did 14. I'm really doing me show yesterday. It's because I put the pull on the night before. Really? What though was always about plus was about illegal aliens? And they get all what's up about that. I got such a headache from being here today. You have, I mean, just a, and I'm not the kind of person that gets headaches. Very good. Yeah, I'm not going to. And I shut up with one and that got worse. Oh, my God. I'm going to tell you Joe Bell, what you're doing to us, I wouldn't do to alienate Rose and a danna. That's what you do to us. You're doing well. Huh? You do to you, I'm trying toEEEEEYeeeeeeieeeeeeeeeee. Come on. Nigggh, Ngunson of Flame. Yep. In one of my philosophy. Reborn Cousin Varkit in the Guitar Band He says, ohhhhh 34k. 5 12,55. Thank you. Do G. 1 12,55. We know you've got a single mighty son when he's almost lost after this period of time. But Agree. Take him out. 10, 10! of many self-proclaimed prophets, 254 or 354, 20 to 30 percent. What percent? He was the Messiah, 2019 only 18 and a half percent of the crowd now, I suppose the last time we took his years ago, 33 percent. So either we've chased away all those Jesus Christers, which would please me know and or we've just got a much bigger audience or whatever, or both. What do you think? I don't know. He never stole a freight train, there won't we got so many more choices on here now. Never stole a freight train, 158. He is strictly for going a month or two and I would agree with that. He was just a regular guy with long beard, nice sandals, great outfit, 89. I hate this pull 89. There was never any such person as Jesus, 86. He was a homo, 38 and he was a snappy dresser, 35 and our most homo snappy dresser is not necessarily. Most of them are slabs like me, not most that I've known. No, that's just there. That's what it is. But guys, it's true. Most homos are snappy dressers. That's right. You're crazy. You're crazy with those short shorts that are like up to their ah, shit out here. Man, you're crazy. I guess you ain't never seen the queens that I've seen. What is eyebrows? If you how are you spilling that? We got a snappy stuff on the front. There's roses. This is 5.62. But heads, if you want to do our four. There we go. This has one. Like 7 million made a border run. I hear a protest over the rise of a daily on the safest log is so far. Our illegal are snappy speaking more and people think I don't reason for the ban. They even go too much. And then they say, they've got made to learn of they just sit on a corner so you pick them up. It would change. They'd like if they did and take your food. They were also screwed. And I've just followed dishes to what they in the pool for filled with all the promotion that we can get through. They take the town of jobs that we do not want to do. Give them green cards, make it legal or else you'll have to fount it. Okay, so watch this story. Why do the Cuban take the Mexican so much or is it the other way around? I think it's uh, I don't know. Which came first. George, between what what? The Cuban's a heath of Mexicans. I don't understand what you're talking about. Get out in here. What what is wrong with you, man? You're so full of crap. Who hates it? It's just like it's just like the thing with the Jamaicans and uh, African Americans. It hate each other. Okay, they're each trying to say, well, the other one is a bad role model for them. What happened? This is like this. If somebody calls you an Arab, you're very quick to correct them. Does that mean that you hate Arabs? Even though you're both children of Abraham? You see, I guess? Okay. So we just want to be working together. God bless the Americans, but we ate one. You see, I don't know. We've got blessed in Mexican. Oh, you're here. There's less than hard. Oh, me. Somebody said that. Because we're coming to Stinko to Maya. You're so full of crap. I don't like that. I got new theme song for QA and Elvis surrender. We surrender. Oh, and we've just smiled on. Oh, and we've just lifted it up. Think burning will was strange in the days of... You're fair. I'm my always hand. You see, I'm a little bit different. And Matthew has all the map I have to move. What are you writing? Oh, my darling please, sir. Do you write me stuff? Oh, my God. And it's so bad. He made so much, so much bad music. Yeah, I'll order my down. All of it. He never had one good song. I'm thinking. How about... Not just for me. They're talking. You can have my portion. You know, pretty weak. What about? Oh, that's not the name. Oh, that's not the name. Oh, that's not the name. Oh, horrible. You know, did he do suspicious minds first? Or did he rip that off like he did a lot of stuff? What's the name? Oh, Well, it's written by Mark James. And since nobody wrote Mark James, I would assume that maybe he'd done this. Oh, Mark James gets the credit. I don't dislike the song. I've heard five versions. I don't hate it. I didn't say it like that. Oh, I swear my thing around you, but I'm too lazy to get up and get it. Because it's a wrong strike today. I'm not going to get up and get the other disc at it, so I'm... Where am I? Where am I? Where am I? Bring around your neck. Do you remember that? No. What do you remember? I bring around your neck and add it here. What is my wrong thing? What a lot of get to bring around my neck. What about hard-headed wolves? What about hard-headed wolves? What about hard-headed wolves? What about hard-headed wolves? What about hard-headed wolves? I don't like it. What about speaking a really serophy? Oh, horrible song. Can't stand it. I'm also a cup of coffee and a cup of coffee. I'm also a cup of coffee. And a cup novelty kind of way. Horrible. Maybe we... Like, like, this fly. Like, this fly. I'm all shook up. I'm all shook up. I'm all shook up. You're going to have to go to the song, boy. Yeah, that's what I said. And that's what he said. He just said, that's my favorite song of all time. He came to the car. In the car. I actually got up and I reached for it. And I grabbed... I grabbed... Good song. Finally. Take a look. Finally. One, two, well, well. You're almost alone. You're the next. You're the new traveler. I'm your dog. Are you in love with song? Yeah, I do. I hate it. I'm going to get out of here. It's open. It's open with an eye. Good, I'm coming. I'm the best. I'm the sea. I'm all right. I'm speaking our rip off. You've got to admit this is a good song. You don't need to do it. What if someone follow him on the show? Oh, you're getting ready. And I'm going to have to... And that's it. Step on my blue faces. When you can do anything. What if he don't want my blue faces? What all do we have to say? I'm not going to have to say anything. I'm going to have to say anything. I'm going to have to say anything. Without doing respect to Carl. Carl, for right. You can't. Don't like it. You didn't like to song. You didn't like to sing. You didn't like to sing. You didn't like to sing. Even if I Carl Perkins. Man, you are a hard ass to win the next part of your ass. Man. That's it. One thing, I'd be real careful next time. I went through Taco Bell if they find out who you are. That's why they say it. That's the thing. They'll give you a little sum next to it. And you're a mushy being. It will sound like the one in my mouth. It will be extra mushy. Look at the back and see. What does he want to see? Who is the greatest singer of the mall? Fabian, Elvis, or Pad Boone? Oh, that's a good poll to take some day and some really. You know, we've done that. What? And singers like that? Singers like that? No, we've never done it out of here. We've never taken a poll in that singers. Oh. 1200 votes on a poll. If I'm lying, you're dying. I'm pretty excited about that. The Jesus crowd. 18 and a half for a sense. He was the Messiah. He rose. They stuck him up there in the cross and they crucified him. He died and then he rose again on the turd day. Was it the turd day, the seventh day, the second son. Oh, Johnny Rivers is pretty good. How come eating that? He's in the rock and roll hall of fame. Isn't he or not? Did we argue about that one time? Johnny Rivers? I still got that sheet. I got it somewhere, too, in the bottom of my pile. But my head hurts so bad that they might eyes ached. You know what I mean? The backs of my eyes. No, it woke up with a headache. It's just been good. Thanks a lot, Joe Bell. And thanks a lot of counting over there. And you, you did this place is just seriously. What do I say? A couple weeks ago. I wrote it down here somewhere. The slogan. The station that. Where did I write that? That makes life. Something. Remember? Remember that? No, it was a long time ago. It's in my pile. It wasn't that long ago. The station and makes life brutal. So, would it just say Jerry Rivers? Johnny Rivers. You know how to hear it. You know, Johnny Rivers? Yeah, not in the Hall of Fame. See, there you go. How is that possible? And I think that the first chart hit had to be like, at least 25 years ago. Well, 25 years would be 70, 80, a 1. Well, he sure was on it before 81. How could Johnny Rivers not be in a rock and roll Hall of Fame? And Gene Pitney was not that I did like Gene Pitney. But who had more hits? Who was bigger? I got him. Who did mole for rock and roll? Okay. Johnny Rivers or Gene Pitney? I like Gene Pitney a lot, but never less. Right? Right? Sorry, I just try to... Oh, the 7-7's on it. Okay, just come on. Hey, everybody talking about the 7-7's on in the whole world. That is all they want, and I'm a woman. You just call me 6,000. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. Yeah, when I went to have to, okay, Coach, I remember he's done all right. And he did? I don't think he's dead, is he? I don't know. You're going to make me look at up. Google that, please. Now at the end of the show yesterday, I think I've played just almost 6,000. And then of course, I was all done. I'm like, and then you're saying, like, how much? Because what was going on there at the end again? More technical and confidence than it was. I don't think they were ready for two o'clock. It was exactly two o'clock. You could set the atomic clock by the time that they show ends every day. We could add it here on the clock. We wear it on our wrist. Right. I stick mine on my back to make sure. I'm going to go three minutes over today because they had that silly thing. Interview with Coach Men Rick. So remember those days? Yes. Couldn't get out on time. Very nice. Who'd I ever heard of such a thing? See, this is not a real radio station. This is like, Conway, Tudywood St. Tony, make a lead. Oh, South Filoyer, who told you that eight years ago? Sports bar with a microphone. I had an always great with that. I never disagreed with that. I mean, any similarity between what's going on here and a real radio station is purely coincidental. And believe me, it rained too much coincidence. There isn't an awful lot of it. Just like that conversation you heard this morning with our whip. I see, I feel sorry for these guys. I mean, when Chris Baker comes in from a cram and Chris whatever's in me Jones Baker Schwartz comes in there from North Carolina with a band you want his knee from Charlotte or Rollier. And finds that we haven't had a person that writes copy. Our person that writes copy. And we're like laughing at him. You've got to make kidding me. At least we're talking about that, right? At least he comes from a place where they had one and he's heard of it and he believes in it. He's actually come from a place where he worked for a real radio station as opposed to our general man. Who's been with a bee'slies too long and forgot what radio is all about. That's the last of after your conversation. This is not a joke that, you know, if the company that he worked with before was a bee's Lee company and he said no. Of course not. He worked for bee's Lee before. We were for a real radio company. For a place where people got paid on payday. Johnny Rivers is still alive. All right. He's good. Good man, John Rivers. Now what tell us that the rain? What's this on rain? I can't think of how it goes you. Come on. You know what I'm talking about. I've got nothing in the rain. I got nothing here. Yeah, you wrong. Well, I've don't doubt you, but it's just it's not here. That means it was in a big enough hit to make people go to the icing. Well, let me say I had to pick up this 40 pound. But probably just got a hurry. I'm assuming the company for it. Riff, are you a speedway? And Paul River and a writer's vinyl, Richie. Oh, whoo. Sorry. Let's see Memphis. Raveline. He stole that from Chuck Berry. Right. Now I'm a lot of my love was good. Midnight special was excellent. Seven sun. We're all flowers gone. He did that along with the course you played the Kingston Fear last week. When we were excited. Under your spell again. That was the number four hit for a buck ohlins in nineteen five beyond a buck ohlins just died. See the time of here. See a good agent man. Muddy water. Poor side of town. Big man needs your weapon. Still life from the four times. Crass my syrup. Still life from a miracle. Summer. Summer rain. Got some rain. Rock and a moment. Blue's right. He's also the blue's right. She's going on. And Swainton is a slow dance. He's good. He's got a river. Excellent. And certainly, I've got much of a great impact in being hidden. Oh, looking what you blew. We got it. Yeah. Got it. I think that's what we all got. We got some Joyce. We'll keep the move. Bitch. Watch. Watch. Watch. Solid. Okay. Okay. That's enough. Let's not get the over Johnny River sir. Okay. We'll have to start with the Jean Pidding and Freakful time. Jean Pidding is dead by the way in case you were sleeping in today. Bad news. Pretty good guy. Never stole a freight train. Twelve minutes after one a kill man. Actually, I could sing a little bit. I don't know what it's scary. Hey, here's a silly question. Have you tried the pizza and pasta John the Bakers? Of course, if you got an IQ larger than in the year thumb you have already. That's a good news. John the Bakers is the best Italian restaurant to study university drive. And out two great locations for you. Brand new in the Sterling town center on Sterling Road just west of Pine Island Cooper City. And a classic John the Bakers in Pembroke Pines, just west of Flamingo and the Home Depot Center on Pines Boulevard. And don't forget the food is absolutely great. They give you a big, gigantic portions of all your favorite home style of Italian delights. Plus with John the Bakers low prices, you can take the whole family. The got some much fucker as John would say for much of the dinner and stay well within your budget. Just mention the arages when you go there. Please otherwise death is going to start crying again. Please tell them that the arages, teacher. And you get a free half of us in John the Bakers Royal Famous Garlic Rules with your meal. You won't believe how good they are. So take out a din in tonight called 954. 434314315 in Pembroke Pines. 434315 are for take out in Cooper City. 954252091. 1091. Pizza pasta, meal or chicken parmesan sausage and peppers. All your favorite clubs. That's a good appetite. John the Bakers absolutely the best. Tell them that Bluff Lindsey told you this is a fucking bitch. Easy meal, Roger. No, Bluff. Oh, he's 516. I'll finish your bite. Very good, stay. Take, this is cut number one. Secretation man. Version number two because George and like the original one. Second version. Secretation. Oh! The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's The Man's Howl What's the Man's The Man's The Man's The Man? Can you say a bit about it? Got it done? You can't fall in the sky. You can't fall in the sky. You can't breathe at all the day. You can't breathe at all the way. I thought maybe they were even five now. I've taken one thing, man. You can't complain about the technical quality on that thing. No, it's great. That's top notch. One nineteen and five sixty WCM yummy it to. May I dog it four from Augusta from the M.A. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. You may dog it four from Augusta from the M.A. A lot of sports stuff. Consolting and two different stations. Critics are being shut out of more films. The studio's forgo events, screenings, on flip-says, spec reviewers to trash. Figuil movie standard better chance of box office access with no reviews rather than bad ones. So far this year, 11 movies have been screened for critics before opening day including the Rob Schneider David Spade Sports comedy that bench performers and and Monique Spanish and Comedy, Fat Girls, PHAT, DRLZ, both opening Friday, Fat Girls. During the same period last year, just two movies in-screen events for reviewers. The practice doesn't still well with the critics so much even though we're without or scrambled to catch the movie and opening day, and that's something often that the Roulos want to have a review over opening weekend. But a makes business sense for studios which may presumably drawbacks out of way the benefits of critics are likely to hate a movie. If we think screenings for the press will help open and we'll do it, it's a Dennis Rice, publicity chief for Disney, we didn't show its fried-flate stay alive to critics before it opened March. If we don't think it'll help, in other words, if the movie sucks, they won't show it to them. And they know it. If we don't think it'll help over the movie, or if the target audience is different than the critics' sensibilities, then it may make sense not to screen the movie. Movies that don't screen ahead of time generally are genre-flate such as horror stories or you comedies who audience is fairly lean to critics. Like, vent rumors, if some kid we do want to go see that, I don't think that bad reviews are gonna stop them from going, said Paul, their girl, were gabillion present a box office tracker exhibit of relations. Television's, ebert and roper, do fairy and the movies headed to Javan Hollywood whenever a student didn't screen a flip for critics, along with their thumbs up thumbs down, Roger Ebert, do fairy and where should roper include a wagging finger machine for films that weren't shown. They just want three pieces, they're just like that posture getting, right? Cases of it. They discontinued that, ebert got tired of it, roper's and too many movies were not screening advanced. And yada yada yada yada. Of the films that haven't screened for critics this year, three day view is that we can stop movies. The vampire sequel underworld evolution, the fight flick when a stranger calls, he's in the house. And, what's the other one? Domestic comedy drama, Tyler Perry's, Tyler Perry's Medias Family reunion. What the hell is that? Never heard of it. Results have been so so for other movies that did not screen, including the action thriller Ultra Violet. The animated tale Dugah and the comedy's grandma's boy and little, a little, a Larry the cable guy, health inspector. It's crap, you know what I put out, so it's trash. Any wonder why the public isn't just knocking? Oh, see, Kentucky Wade is not really a good song and it's a great song, it says here. Oh, the chronic in Coco, ah, whether or not we think Elvis is otherwise any good at all, sorry about the paycheck, this is chronic with an unhappy face drawn on this thing. Okay, chronic, thank you so much. Your free share of comments, Randy, share a plate Kentucky Wade. Yeah, but if you don't say that, I forgot it. Now, what is this thing I don't have it? What is this other fact say? Oh, it's two minutes and three seconds past one A M on Wednesday, it'll be. Oh, I see. What is it like that? Yeah, that's very interesting. This is one of the most interesting facts I've ever had in my life, it would take a picture of it or something. I don't know. It'll be 102, 03, 04,05,06. That's right. 102,03, April 5th, 2019,06. And it will have a good year. And you're 3,000 in the year, 4000. Well, what I'm not gonna happen again soon, that nerve. I wanna get Kentucky Wade. Oh, and you know what else I should play? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In a reason being, that after you chance that as me, for playing that bastard, that is verdant, the, you know, all those things. I actually spent the money to go out and get them Lizzy. And it sounds good and rich and vibrant. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just say it today. I'm gone now for a set of good and wins. Haven't changed him much to me. But men are still sing them as a play. They were asking if you were around. How you were. Where you could be sound. So if you were given down town. Jumping all the old men, and could have. Yeah, sounds good except that there's like a track that keeps like kind of wandering off a little bit in mono an anyway I was just Late Korea I'm not feeling sucks. Don't know why you run. This is not for me. Next to me or man. I'm trying to convoke you to have my course. I want to. Is this me? Yeah. Let's look. Let's hear the book though. I read it here. I can't tell on my mind. Oh, you're bringing these keys in. You can't tell on my mind. I can't remember. I'm not. I'm not. I'll do it, Dr. Tia. You can't remember. You've already ran. What? What was he doing? It's commitment suicide in there. That's because he didn't get paid today. I'm not getting paid on payday and Elvis on top of a debt. It's a little over the top. Too much to teddy bear. I could play that for you. I'm trying to get this damn thing. You don't have to pay. No. I'm trying to get this thing. Oh, stop. I can't take it. We can't handle it. No more. No more. No more. No more. No more. No more. No more. He was horrible. And in the chronic incoctomania, you're all described by my bad taste in music. I have excellent taste in music. Your taste is in your church rust. I'm not sure if it's the last one. That is the worst. I'm lucky to rain my ass. I'm rather here summer rain by Johnny Rivers. In fact, I'm just playing again. What about how do I play that? Didn't we didn't play? We don't have it, right? It's on. A little mellow, little a syrupy. But pretty good. It's certainly better than Kentucky rain. I ain't got 1227 votes. 1230 on the Jesus Bowl. 1230 WGNO. West Palm Beach. 1975. I remember like was this yesterday. One 26 in fact, that was like almost a real radio station. That was Walter Week. I mean, Walter Weeks broadcasting. And they were like bushleegers too. Like catch cities compared to a beastly. Almost couldn't even get that out there. Beastly. Look, kind of like my mouth is rebelling. Yeah, 26.7. Still 5. I can tell you, somebody can't pay us bills or can't pay us employees on time. That's not the kind of company you stock. I'd want to buy. Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long? Speaking of summer rain. 1200 dollar cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner. The five star edition of the carrier and family system. And it may things even better even get this fabulous system from Royce air and heat, where they've been taking care of track County area families for three generations. As a carrier factory authorized, they're Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction. And that guarantee is backed by carrier. The people who invented their conditioning and now have invented the carrier in fin of the system. It actually performs a daily diagnostic check. And then adjusted self for maximum efficiency all year long. To maintain maximum efficiency on your prisoner conditioner, to earn the Royce air and heat comfort club. To us here, the ones specced into them up your system. And you'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off. And you need to repairs to all of this, all of these things for just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two speed and infinity system with pure on or just peace of mind with a comfort club either way, make the Royce choice. Royce air and heat column toll free 1-800-377075. License number CAC or 580-560. Well, the right head down. Yes. Our call toll free Royce air and heat 1-800-377075. This is new Rogers. This is 5602A. The most disgusting progress. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Your body's record. Give me a few more videos. You'll even purchase the day global memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secrets or recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. No, I'm leaving. This is the Elvis. And all you can do right now, make me a big peanut butter devil. A peanut butter with a nut on his own, or a good man too with the knife. No, here Elvis in his most intimate moments. The whole piece of the epismenium. The Elvis is the Elvis. Once you're going to know what a couple of large piles don't make it like this. It's like a sex double-cheat. Yeah, I'm on. I'm on home. And I'm on home, Ray. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how we really feel about the one through love of his life. Hold you back once you back in the live baby. And hold you away back. With your pickups and donuts, please. Make you leave. Clean the dough. Roll this chimmy dough into two. I love making honey jelly dough. Without delocating the Elvis tape. Give me a give. A bit of a mouth. We've run stars everywhere. All of these are the only ones to do. We're going to make some of these. One thirty two a see if he didn't spin it in that dream field for the low carbs. He wouldn't have croaked so soon. I'll maybe have droged it. You know, this fast is very interesting. But it's too late. This already passed. Oh no. Oh yes. That's right. Today is April 5th. There's a two minutes and three seconds past one of you on Wednesday. I hate to write to the ones of the genius who fast this to us. I appreciate it very much. But since it was fast today, what a one day was this morning. Right. We missed it. We can we can have a big party. We can all open our windows and we can carry it on. You know, like Howard Beale for Christ. I was just going to say this is a one. And 102.03.04.05.06. And a one and a two and Lawrence a welcome to something with us too. It will never happen again. It says and guess what's already gone. So that's not good. Not good. So it's interesting information, but it's like old news seeing see what he said. I mean, like saying the circus is coming to town and the free admission for everybody. And then it's time was yesterday. What does it point? Not good. What a murder. Well, I'm saying your paycheck is a waiting for you. Yeah. And like going to find out they lie going to the store and buying groceries because you think you're writing the banking. Right. That's right. Because you think you got paid in and guess what? Well, pay the is a candy bar was on a floor. You could afford to buy maybe one or two of those. Or maybe get one. Do you have any, 70 Q a m? Hello. Any a high dog. Okay. I think that's very old as song that you might like. I doubt it. Little sister. Let's go. What? What would I like then? If you hear it. What would mean if I hear like that? I know every older song and let me ask you how will do you? Sir. Yes, do it. Hello. Yeah. How old are you? 37. 37. Okay. I mean you were born in 69. Yeah. That's good. And what you're, what you're, what did little sister come up before you were born, right? Yeah. 16. I know Elvis. I, every album is song like by, you can't even believe it. Okay. That doesn't mean I like them. Okay. What's the there? Does it look new? It's really nice and then you run. Well, well, let's go to about that song. I couldn't look them under to tell us, but I don't want to. You have to write it on the Elvis scale. What other words? It doesn't suck as bad as some of his other songs. Hey, as bad as Kentucky rain. Right. Well, that's a product in Cocoa, man. No, seriously. I always thought he had like a little bit on the ball. Maybe he's got a little bit too much on the ball. Hey, I saw a subject. Oh, no. No, it's Kentucky rain is subject and that's garbage, man. Even Elvis would agree with that. I agree with that. He would be puke and up peanut butter sandwiches. Man, it is horrendous. Oh, here we go. Candy Kurt. But I mean, I would like her. I can't stand her. I will not watch her. Go to hell, okay, Katie. Take your $15 million and stick it with a moon don't shine. You can't complain about her talent. She has got none. Zero. Zipity, doodah. God. She makes Oprah seem like Elvis. Whatever that means. Yeah, I was wondering. That a good thing about that thing. People would not have long been telling. Well, the thing with Elvis is he was, you know, he was a pioneer. You know, he was. He was the first rock star and he performed and he did those things with his pelvis and he outraged everybody and that was great. But. Oh, and I hear, here's an interesting fact. It says Jesus was just some slut talking dude at him. No thanks. It's all about Satan. They coming up. Oh, six. Oh, six. See, there's something that's coming out. Hey, I hear you. June, oh, six. Now look at a counterback. Can't see what day that is. I'm working on that thing. Six. Six. Six. Two day. Ooh. Well, that's before my thing. I am. You know, something. And this is the truth. This is the on and down. I'm going to tell you right now exactly the way I feel. I'm working on it today. And recently. Today is the fifth of April since we're talking dates and times and all of these. All of these things. That means it's like a couple of months before that. I'm a schedule. I work two days a week. So obviously, I can and plus I got two weeks vacation before then. One very soon and then one in June. Rimes. By the way, you're not on my case next week, are you? Um, when you on vacation next week. Oh, that's why I thought. See, I know what you don't. I forgot to get the market on that. You gotta say throughout because I'm not sure if you could pay before next week. Tell just not to wait in like the parking lot. Right. But anyway, what I was going to say, because if that summer schedule was coming, I would just email Joe Bell and say, go, go, bye. Bye bye. I really would. I would just tell totally deflated the scusted frustrated aggravated. And it's just that this place is, it's egg. It's, it's, it's, it almost is going nowhere. It's going somewhere. All right. Speaking of Satan day. I think somebody put an evil person on us. You know what I'm saying? Somebody said, oh, wow, go. Yeah, we're doing it. We're on the way. We're well on our way. So it's crap for yourself in and out of be hell of a ride. I would just, I just, oh, definitely not real. There's not a great talent. The anchor of Inside Edition man. She is a talent. Co-week, not on the local evening news. Co-anctors together made it possible for Mr. Mondale to go to Congresswoman Fararo and Bring her on to the ticket. What are they talking about? Do you have any idea what's it talking about? No, I heard that say, so that I'll tell you. Are you a tiny chink or a never-knowful? I don't give it. That way, over we all bring to the little kind of chink with the Dan Rather, not. Guy, they just keep trying and trying and trying. Well, I can't just put like a newsperson on there. Some people are like John Roberts to late. He was on to get a last night on CNN. And guess what they were talking about on and after my two minutes I said, is this all you got? Well, who that all that's going on? Just in very, right. I prostitute, I was just going to say. Just in very rhymes with. You're fairie. 22 till 25, 16, 17, Q. What if everything you thought you knew about your home equity? Turn out not to be true. What if the most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt and traditional retirement planning weren't giving you the best chance for success? Thursday, April 6, sounds like tomorrow to me. The financial education institute is conducting a free seminar for South Florida home owners called Common Sense Strategies for Successful Equity Management. Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage and half the time? Or maybe increase your spendable retirement and come by 50 percent without increasing your current budget today? Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect yourself of a declining real estate market? South Florida home owners are invited with 10th this Thursday tomorrow at 6.30 in a PM at the Holiday and Bointon Beach. Free of charge. Thanks to paradigm wealth strategies. Visit them online at fie-dashfloor.com or call not to reserve your slot at 9.54 389-8575. That's 9.54 389-8575. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. Public baby, only in Miami. Yes, the Congress. To join me in passing new immigration laws that will match willing foreign workers with willing American employers with no Americans to be found to feel the job. My name is Juan. I come from Mexico. I walk online. Under the moon I go. I close the door at the time. The TV release. I'll be together. I drop that same me. Because your president, he wants it by. Let's eat. We'll make it full of white gold for free. Of the law properly. Want the nation or I don't know what my job will be. I hope you pay more than a face for. Watch my way to them. Watch my way to them. I'm 30 man. You're fair. It's 142-182. We got guilty. Coming along into a clock. Be a guilty master. Voice of the Panthers. Scientists think they've solved the mystery of how planets were more on the star born in a violent supernova explosion. Kind of like this like that. It's saying they detected for the first time a swarling discovery. From which planets can rise. You following that? A swarling discovery from which planets can rise. Like a cake. Oh man. The discovery surprised him because the dusty disc orbit, orbiting the pulsar or dead star, resembles the cloud of gas in dust from which the earth emerged. Oh man, maybe this world I gas came from. You know, they're kind of Tommy's doing like that. That's the raspberry. No, it's gas. Scientists hate that the swarling should shed light on how planetary systems form. It shows that planet formation is really ubiquitous in the universe. It's a very robust process. It can happen and also it's a unexpected environment. Said lead researcher. Deep, deep dough. Check gravity. Check gravity. Deepo driver. And astrophysicist and MIT. Well, if he goes to MIT, you know, you're going to afford to have whatever name. He tells the parent and tomorrow's issue of the journal nature. Using NASA's infrared spitter space telescope, MIT scientists observe bright radiation released by a disk of rubble around a young pulsar. 13,000 light years from the earth. The pulsar was once a giant star of the collapse in a supernova explosion about a hundred thousand years ago, but the viable says, I'm sorry. While researchers didn't directly see planets forming in the disk, they believed the building blocks are present. In 1992, another team of scientists found planets circling a different pulsar, but they didn't observe a disk and couldn't tell how the planets are system formed. And we're asking, oh, you think there might be some kind of life elsewhere at the universe? Well, what was going to be a super question to say? You know, when you come right down to it and I write there's stupid. Why? Because it's more stupid or just either testicle. Oh, no, it's all about us. It's a statistical. It's all about us, man. God don't have time for the other planets. He just put up the Earth. He's got the Earth. And that he has an interest. He's right. He's right. He's right. He's right. You're not here. He's all of our prayers. All of it does sound like kind of confusing with all these billions of people talking at the same time. And I'm even praying for their team to win and not the same team. Speaking of that, scientists have unveiled their vision for a bionic man, where biology is merged with electronics to make limbs organs in senses better, stronger and faster. The vision includes development such as a robotic arm that can play the piano, a bionic eye with video camera, an amacrochimper implant, and a powerful external skeleton that can for a super, superhuman strength. Or right now, the house Chris Reeves, when we need him. In American Association of Anatomy's an Indic project, he's six billion-hour human. After the 1970s television series, the six million dollar man. I thought that was the guy with the sandwiches that he sabotaged an Emerson show. In which scientists we've got a wounded test pilot into a vionic man. Who was on that? Don't tell me, Lee Majors. Dean Tales of the Ladies Researcher release of the experimental biology 2006 conference, which opened yesterday in San Francisco. By an ex-award, say, I totally put a smile on your post. Same, there he goes. He chuckled Josh right at that 146th of the time. Oh, you're a jerk. He still pissed off, but he chuckled a little bit. Yeah, you got no change in you to pocket it by a couple of chuckles. Yeah, loose change. Yeah. Part two. And that, like topsy part two, by who did that topsy? Oh, geez. Let's look at it. Start with this music crap. Professor William Cralius of Rockery's University described how he'd go by anic arm and with a hand in five fingers. Each of us can be independently controlled by commands, sent from the brains and nerves that communicate with the computer and better than the artificial limb. Wow. The biggest challenge for a bionic arm is to communicate effectively with its users. My lab has developed new communication tools that a lot of prospective users of a bionic arm to regain proportional control over several movements of the hand. That's restoring an ingredient of the activity. Dr. Cralius told the conference. The bionic arm is slid over a silicone sleeve attached to the amputees, limbo-loaded elbow. After break training period, people gain control of bionic arm. Just by thinking about the required finger movements. Oh, I sure hope that I put in a finger. That would be bad, wouldn't it? That would hurt. Ampetes with minimal training of gain sufficient finger control to use keyboards, he said. Daniel Polanker of Stanford led a team that designed a bionic eye with a tiny light-sensitive chip implanted in the retina to detect images. The chip read there it is. The chip received signals from a video camera live on a pair of goggles, which can see an infrared, making night vision a possibility. Dr. Polanker said the old man named Mr. Brusebionic eye that allows blind people to distinguish faces and read large print. How may you, in Kazuruni, of the universe's name, Kazuruni? A university in California, Berkeley designed a pair of powerful robotic legs that a person can wear to carry heavy loads. Oh, get some perfect boy. Oh, I'm not sure that heavy load. What is the fat man? I'll let you keep the house. Walk into New Orleans. Oh, my God, he don't look at over 100 poor fat stomoroan-tron man. He was bad. He's my favorite fat stomoro. He was great. You got some fat stomoro there? Come right up. Anyway, Dr. Karazuni says we set out to create an exoskeleton that combines human control system with robotic muscles. I'm right. He, he is a man, they're going to stick well. He's going to New Orleans. Browning in New Orleans. I'm dying out of the hair. And 20 fat stomoroan-tron. There's no better than him, blueberry hill. Who don't like blueberry hill? I got a street along blueberry hill. And I'm walking. What the hell is that? Oh, he ain't. Unimperial records. I don't understand. With a ABC print. That it. No, I got more but I got three. Don't have blueberry hill. I wish but I don't. You don't know. You don't know. You got him walking? Well, sir was before a 60. We'd like 50. I would think. But I don't have a walk. And just I'm walking. Oh, no. And then you know, I really kind of written else in who I liked a lot. But he pissed me off. He did. I'm walking. And I think that was his first record. And he couldn't sing. I mean, he never. He was pretty neat. This is good stuff later on. I'm doing me re on that. He was over here. But I'm walking. He was just, it was terrible. I was kind of like the rich walls trying to do a marbling game. It was along that line. Like a little kid trying to be a singer. And I was such a big fan of fan. Even as much as I liked Ricky Nelson. I thought, by you idiot, you clown. You're fairy. And I was bad. 1263 votes on the pool. I'll tell you one thing, man. Between Rick Nelson. I'm always his wife named Tom Harmon's daughter. What's that was her name? I don't know. They were divorced. I figured what her name was. Yeah, just how the biography of the Nelson family, a couple of night's so biography channel. It's a wonderful channel. Yeah. For us all the first. I was like, what's up with Ozzy and Harriet and David and Ricky. David, by the way, like, about 100 years old, and talk like, oh, man. Talks like a retard, bad. Poor David. He was always kind of like the odd man out of the way. David, he didn't, you know, he didn't have nothing going. Yeah. David Nelson. Never trusted God with two first names. Right. But I was starting to say now, what's Rick Nelson's Sam is the younger son. In fact, that was something happened that night they had that on the way. They were Larry King show, which I never watched. Maybe once in a blue moon, I'll go to see what tell you's got. And I really was interested in that show. And I got preempted by something, who now knows what it was. They run away, bri, or some crap. And they never came back to the show again. There it is. But Sam was on a biography channel. It looked pretty good to me. And he doesn't have a website, by the way. Oh, with a webcam. Oh, man. You people in the media, I got to say, let's play this for four hours every day. The media is sick and they talk to other media. Just sick and they talk to other media. Just sick and they talk to other media. One thing about me, I'm never going to let the media decide for me what is important, either in my life or in the news or in the world or on a planet on Uranus. They don't care what they say because they know they're all about your grave robbers. Just like this feeding friends about Katie Karrick. I can understand if she was real hot looking. I can understand if she was like some great talent. If she like, she got nothing. Nothing. What is she got? Pointy shoes. Oh. And you're not even going to see those unless you put your feet up on the risk going to see the evening news with the movie to shoot. Wouldn't it be for Scogon? Watch the movie. I see the news with Katie's pointy shoes. That's great. And in the background a couple of Jews. Huh? So make me choose. Right. Well, look what she's up against, man. She's up against four of those of the virus. I think it was a good bargain. It's okay. I'm sure going to watch her as opposed to, and you know, something I've been watching lately. I don't watch Broadway in his A.M. I'm tired of counting his teeth. I don't like him. I'm 80. I don't like him. I don't like him. He's hard to look at. He's got a Martian face. It's crooked. In faces, cock-eyed, and he's got like 70 by teeth on the bottom. Like you can hear outside of your nose. I'm sure he was in that movie about what that was in movie where the Spaceship landed. What was that? We just talked about the truth. The day the earth stood still. It was a good movie. I'm sure he was hiding on that ship. He had a good teeth though. Yeah, but not Brian though. He had all the ones that he didn't have. I just don't like him. I don't like NBC news period. I like that peacock. They make me sick. The last thing would listen to the Vargas to Bob Woodworth comes back because and see it wouldn't be right to say I don't like him because he just had that. He almost died. I don't like him. He's pasty. I mean. Yeah. In fact, there's something about ABC. Have you ever noticed the flesh tones on the three networks how distinctive they are? Yes. And I know that none of you, Mark's are guys like soap operas, but if you just have it to be a channel surfing out of TV said, you can always tell which network is on by the flesh tones the difference between NBC and CBS and ABC was their very dull like browns. Yeah. Browns. I think that's because he was to have Max Robinson doing the news. He's dead. 153 at 2 a.m. Hey, who are all you horse racing fans and poker players? Pump out of park racing and poker's got all the plunging action you want. And great way to celebrate Tasty this Saturday at the Air on the next Saturday at April 15. Next Saturday. Topped on Parkville hosted Tash Relief Day on Saturday at April 15 with everyone 18 in order getting a free entry blank to win part of a thousand dollar giveaway. Baseball tickets are maybe a vacation trip on Discovery Cruise lines. You could win 50 bucks, 152 to 500 bucks in cash. That'll take away most everyone's tax day blues. I just have mouth for both 95 and the turn five pump and a park is easy to get to. And best of all, pump and a park office. You free admission and free general parking every day. I see walley. Hennessey's having to make your tune as goal and a walley. Not to mention Bruce Ranger who's a constant danger. My partner's racing in our smoke free poker room is open every Monday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon goes on to midnight. Live racing gets underway. Not the 725 and a PM. The last Monday madness. 2 for 25 dollar dinner dollar. What I say? The last Monday madness. 2 for 25 dollar dinner special. Is this Monday equal 10th my payday. So make sure to come out this Monday. Also, in the set on dollar night Wednesdays when draft for your son of a hot thousand lots more. Just a bucket piece starting at 6 PM. Pomp and a park of course open every day and night seven days and nights a week for the best in sign of casting. Hardness, thoroughbred, hotly action for all across North America. We can watch and plunge your guts on. Brian Sears is demand. Don't forget to come out to pump and a park set at an April 15 for tax relief day. Pomp and a park of Park. A block south Atlantic Boulevard, a power line road. Don't bet Lou Williams. He's not doing too good these days. So the Kerris in schedule call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1 Run away with pomp and a park.com. This is new Roger. This is 5 62. He's the home. Jesus Christ for extra strength. Dexter. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache. I still much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends away under shoulders. And to pump, gladiator, stick this feeling inside. Yeah! Jesus Christ hurts. So in this thorny crown just like a vice around my head. That's when I reach predicts, everyone. Well I don't reach for it. Hey, anybody got any dexter? Hey, Jonas! Could you come and help me out? Come on, I'm the savior for Trace. Extra strength, dexter. Because headache is a heavy cross to bear. You're going to do it all right. You're going to get this brave and hard. You're going to get this kind of stuff. No one can time you've stopped. Jesus is doing all right. All right. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus goes through into contradiction. Jesus is doing all right. Don't blame Jesus even, For God's average ranks. Jesus does faith in faith in God. Jesus God, pay not pay it. What's the matter from playing for? He needs to make it a true and nice tax-free business to no less. We should only have such a racket. Come 174 votes on our Jesus poll today, right? The era of Eastern Holess. He was one of a buddy of the League of Bugs Jesus. One of many self-refined prophets, three of them in 88. He was the Messiah 244. He never stole a freight train, 170. Jesus is strictly for Goyum, 119. Just to make it a guy, 95. Regular guy had a lot of BMs. I hate this poll 92. Then everyone said he said it's person 92. He was a homo 39. Too fair. Maybe he was a snappy dresser 35. Goyum is staying in the biotech. The end of the center. We got that big game coming up tonight. He is the sitting biotech. Bye bye. Bye bye.