The view expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and guests and you're not reflectant They're all the grandkids group if you're happy You're that echoed No, you're happy You're the only one who's reaper No, you're the only one who's happy Why do you trust you You're in the stone He's back in basic instinct too And we're going to take you down to our request Now dear, my doctor about to come on She's giving older and she's still up to her old tricks As a request and member, would you mind if I uncast my legs for it? Frankly, ma'am, yes She's just giving me a second Oh, my arthritis is acting like I'm pretending I'm up to you I think my knees are not hurt This anyone have any bank Basic instinct too One, two, one The few new wrinkles I see what's wrong I need to unstrap my learning at trust first My dad Oh, wow He's put a lot of happy Friday to last day of March We actually have ratings coming out at 1130 We were to wear that We were only made aware that just moments before the show That's right As Clarence is getting together with his little trampor There, the beast and Robert Greeper Although if that's a trampor See, that's one thing about the beast man He doesn't care what back he's stabbed He only just sees an equal opportunity stagger I don't want to say it was the beast that revealed That it's Robert Greeper that's responsible for having Goldie on day after day Even though supposedly we haven't decided he's going to be on two to full I know it's next week We got who is it? Go from two to four on Monday And the whole rest of the week we got The squeaky one We're coming to find out that Robert Scott his is a nose in that Tell him to surprise him it Not so 1130 We got some friends coming out boy They could really be this could be the Kiss of Death Everybody waving those white hankies out the window I snowed this Thanks right there Should we tell the story about how we had a little Compton Thompson in the lunch room the other day Was he yesterday this happened? Several times I think we should tell that story I don't think we should get the parties involved It's all there version of it We're going to see what the redford and red Why didn't you know what reds last name is do you know what is name is? Do I don't oh Reds some sales holding bread from New York He's got a big mouth how unusual who talks a big game I'm from the U.K.D. up above Reds your bread that went down a pretty close Our steak has that one nine-bottom under two ago And the demand to have everything for free What's for me? I want this I want that he and Moa I'm surprised Leave together Because they would have made a good pair Very demanding guy he wanted the biggest salad and the biggest juicy steak And he wanted this and he wanted it And of course he didn't have any business being in the first place So he's a salesholder QAM on that case they should like charged him double Speak of that Wait till you have this story And evidently I just get the feeling the audience hated that story I enjoyed it We looked a lot of candies off between the new Hershey's got like hey what do they call five star Or five something Does it just any of those five? I don't know It's got peanut butter and as soon as I'll peanut butter I like to put it down And I picked up a her shoes with almonds and coffee Instead good choice Didn't go crazy though because it didn't find my Mary Jane's He wants the Mary Jane go to Georgia's house He's got pounds and pounds of Mary Jane wish A quick meal a George beans neighborhood Burger King and Ponday California Pondail And it up costing a lot more than expectably He got the bill for $4,334.333 Being ordered two operators in two rodeo cheeseburger Now what tells her that's obviously a California thing But what is that? What is what? They don't have that a burger king by anywhere else I've ever seen Have you? What? What? What? Well, let's make California thing when he pulled up to the drives You window last week I'm here to share hi ever forgot that she'd entered the 4 hour and 33 cents charge on his debit card And put the numbers again without a racing original ones Thus creating a four figure bill Must be a real rocket scientist Probably an illegal alien Uh-huh You like chronic charge went through the George impact beans Checking account to it. They let the couple penniless Their mortgage payment was doing they worried the checks they had written with bounce pad Bean said we were thinking oh no not now She said they were retired not now Is if any time would be good time Terry Woody The restaurant manager said Burger King officials try to give the charge we funded But the banks had the funds run a three day hold and couldn't be released pat beans said Burger King didn't charge the beans for their meal in the couple got there 4, 234 hours and 33 cents back last Friday we could go today for those three days those with the most expensive Value burgers and history pat beans said How do you like that? First of all wouldn't you think that if any if there was like any oversight I meant that when somebody would put through a charge from Burger King for 4,000 Some of my dollars that somebody would like to know what the raise the rate of five somewhere When you think you think I mean what kind of a meal are they eating there? That's you're real happy meal. That's not even a burger King. It's an ugly happy meal. Yeah, I'm happy to hear you. Hey, don't know where you found that pasta a couple years back Yeah, you're gonna just grab so in the middle off or the tiny You're pretty fast Yeah, I'm kind of eating a lot of pasta right oh good You know like I said just keep looking straight down tiny always comes to mind for him. What's your all time favorite candy Was that the total way of 1762 vote they didn't like that poll. I don't know what the problem was I just you can just feel it. You know you can just smell it. They're feeling it there. They were too busy looking at pictures of Josh Cortison They're rubbing themselves rolled Those are the numbers Snickers 120 seven wait till I see the naked pictures on there today. Oh man Scary You think that at least you know all the parts of his body would be the same flesh tone Well, at least relatively speaking Snickers 227 Reese's 160 that that right there should have set me got that poll right off of there should have should have he anchored Eminem 71 Eminem peanut 55 See take a look at that that's so You must have here is 52 kid 52 take a look at our top five Sexy other than Snickers which we all agree everybody loves Snickers, but other not that is so Pedestrian and people now you got to try new things okay at the risk of sunny sacrilegious because our life's sugar is just fine That's it's overrated compared to some of these other things under you know when I go into a story And I'm in the mood for candy bar the bill is for the last year or two the last thing I want is a Snickers bar Not saying I even had one now and now and then, but just did just not scratch my fans right now But bag baby. No another finger butterfly finger 51 came in seventh Hershey bar 48 again very very just plain old Hershey bar. Oh God even a ice cream crowd That's what's wrong with the world. It about all the religion is to all the wars in the killing. It's the the bland people Remember Bobby blue bland Let the little girl dance remember that if it's your cut that Bobby bland it looked a little girl dance What you got that that would be really a hoot. You know what you're more or less no just tell it for time They make me these stuff you Probably Boot up I'll measure 46 twist 41 mountains 40's got coconut chunky 36 this gonna take a half hour by the way So if it's boring to you go away heat bar 35 baby we're 34 milky way through the three There are these Bobby blue bling 100 grams. That's the Bobby bling. This is a billy plan. No Well whatever 16 So I'm gonna buy a thing Bobby blue bling. No, what I say to you once 60 something I said 60 or 60. Oh, and you know I found yesterday was clear of actually had one Mars dark That sucks. Okay, but we're kind of a Mars Mars. There's then have a nut in it Right, so does it feel like a nut. It was kind of like a time green bar, but you may have one nut Mars dark is nothing to do with a Mars bar. That was crap. I feel ripped off. I feel violated Milky way dark 28 turtles 27 score 27 lots of McCollot 26 no cab 23 liqueur 23. I don't need candy 22 liars liars Pay 22 cabries 22 I hate this full 20 multi milk balls 20 reason that's 19 car par 18 Mars Var 18 I don't have time to go down as full as I'll just do the double digit ones. Okay, and Mary Jane by the way. Only seven boy Boy, what is wrong with the world you know Charleston choose 17 lint 17 which makes us in different kinds as does What's your call cadvers? Nestle crunch 16 walk for 16 top of our own 15 top of our own Rollo 14 twizzler 13 dove 13 which also makes a whole variety car. Melor 12 jelly beans 11 gummy bears 10 oh Henry 10 Zagna bartender Thumbarton Mr. Good Bar thin and Poppy cock 10 Everything else single digits including Mary Jane only seven. That's okay. That means more from eight Mary Jane those are really good. Oh, but man. I could be here. I just buy the bucket full dozens and dozens Just watch your bludger go soaring to the top W to Q. I am tiny line. Hello Yeah, yep It was 19 60 and it was Billy Blant Ricky Yes, sir Ricky. Tiki. How you doing? How's that cap? You ever gonna get that thing wash people are trying to talk about it I change it every six months whether they need or not some people said the music stinks on that space I said no, it says Ricky's cap. That's the only problem How you doing okay? I'm doing good cake playing yeah Next up in the morning. I noticed you got a lot of publicity on your 40th anniversary I guess on the way now the 10 years because 30 time joker figured it wasn't worth the mention How old am I now with him? That's a that's a major What a wonderful switch Man, that's a lesson So, okay, we'll survive man. Yes, sir You and me in the world in tell Brown saying John by the way that nobody still knows who he is have a great day, right? Yeah, okay Great He is great. That's my buddy Rich Shaw and I wish I had that drop in where he said it's just shock radio Once upon a time that I and zoom in he really he just turned on me like a rat But then all of a sudden it was like I don't know he got it just at the late of time. He finally got it right yeah What else is that where is that thing? I came find it. Oh, there it is. It's a lie. I am not a that's it right Well, I was Rick Riley. Okay. I was like Rick Shaw was Rick Riley hidden like poison of course George and I we can't stand Rick Riley anyway We had a choose between Ricky Tiki and Rick Riley will take her to any of the things he brings that cap along with him Okay, otherwise said says hi and I saw it gave you a book to send you Thanks again for the font brothers, so I don't know if I can see that Not anymore and Joyce. I don't care who you are you fair right Federal agents Thursday said they broke it up or ring the drug smugers who use two stones featuring the virgin Mary to move hundreds of pounds of cocaine Into the U.S. from Mexico All right another good reason to bring in those Illians by the millions who the hell of these people kidding you know, it's just it's just pandering pandering pandering pandering Illegal speaks for itself. Okay, if you're robbed of bank and they didn't catch you yet We're not gonna make it legal to rob a bank so they've been changed a law to let you off the hook for all time Say what I do a pay taxes on that money. Yeah, that's true like sales tax and some tax You know, they're just eating it. Would you let me finish this story please? I don't want to get behind what I just ordered my law That's right. You know, we just discovered that we didn't generate one morning Does he have a life for the first break Josh? That's the important thing. Very nice. I will mattress Very very good That's what I'm not afraid. I mean 8 30 this morning is you know, that's why it's no long no We're just sales department's going late. They might as well have no log but nevertheless. It's like coming at you Yeah, I just think that I look here We just know that we're over here looking out. I know not getting that bad Jesus God Almighty that's what happens when rich rock calls right out of the blue Enough to send your cat flying the D.E.A. and House arrest in 12 people as part of a less conspiracy stretching from New York to Mexico City For those of us came yesterday one in Houston tree up in early morning wait on a horror a warehouse in New York's Brooklyn, Burrow At the Horat warehouse ages found brisico-fain packed inside tombstones Some decorated with figures of the Virgin Mary. I'll ride you go Virgin Mary At least you at least you hang out inside of warehouse is now a horror house instead of looking on a side of bank bill And under the overpassing Chicago wasn't you over the underpass under the overpassed Like gray robber so I've no respect for the net this drug organization used reversed revered tombstones The smuggle millions of dollars worth of cocaine in New York City on bill-by-day special agent charge in the York DEA At the Brooklyn warehouse agents called eight tombstones, maybe inside of a tombstone piece of my final slash or something What do you think? Maybe I'm really talking about tombstones pizza just the other day. Yes, who are? 10 13 at five 16 WCM looked up cringey This station presents rail on American heroes Today we salute you Mr. Oberseller's April Fool's pricester You've been awake for 10 minutes and already you've put fake vomit in the same build the sugar bowl was salt Put plastic wrap over the toilet and fake doggy do on the doorstep You arrive first at the office on blog everyone's computer monitor and distribute a fake memo about switching from casual Fridays to bikini Fridays And don't forget your fart machine You're not a good one with emotions So the next time you thank you kind of skate him For you Oh, you My microphone I'm gonna hunt you down like a dog mr. Oberseller's A real American hero Over there Hello, help anyone somebody help You know for getting tomorrow night get up to a clock at a morning and say your fucking head one hour Or if you got a brain just when you go to bed put it ahead one hour tomorrow night Baby time which I don't know why we don't have daylight time all year long. I love daylight time by the way. It was my bad I Don't even know what we're said because I was so excited that it was him on a phone. I wasn't paying any attention We were not that sure. I know Bobby bland and Billy blind we're not the same poison Billy blinded let the little girl dance which you played in 1916 reach number seven on the chart hot 100 Bobby bland who's nicknamed was blue Bobby blue bland It was inducted the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 92 turn on your love flight call on me. That's the way love is in eight nothing you can do Actually none of those were like top Ain't nothing even do bridge number 20. That was as big as it I got none of that. I'll remember turn on your love life Well, no, and yet he's in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and yet let the little girl dance got all a weapon number seven And was on the chart for 13 weeks and yet Billy Blan ate like nowhere, you know Why the hell would Bobby bland be in a rock and roll Hall of Fame? Now the Crocker crack told politics remember what Johnny Rotten said about that museum Yeah, he did the move on rotting and he said it was for rock ball looks and so what? Yeah, I said screw you guys. That's right Anyway, speaking of that speaking of a guy's in screwing Let me do the pull first speaking that What movie now this is one of Sean's pulls a lot kind of like a bastardized if he wanted to know what book people should be forced to read and of course Nobody reads books, but we will do that one one day. We'll double kill a day one day soon next week What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans? 532 votes now you can add to this because I'm sure there are a lot of others that you feel are and this is we've done a million movie pulls And of course, let me explain it to you, okay? This doesn't mean because it's so good. I don't think you know does it That wasn't my answer not exactly no in other words the idea being that there's a message of some kind or something you might learn from it Fair night 9 11 294. I mean, that's got over half of the votes already Which it goes to show me what a bunch of clowns most of you people are because Boeing for Columbine which as far as I'm concerned is equally important that maybe even more so Because no matter how many quirks we got running the country we still got a bunch of crazy irresponsible people running while with guns Bullying for Columbine's only got 31 votes. See they loved their guns See that's one area where I've part company with the most of the audience and most of America and that's You know have a good time with it go shoot each other. Lowey said his brains out probably go get certain 9 11 294 godfather 82 which I agree with that network I voted for that 43, but of course Josh is suppressing the vote totals on those Know I agree it's a good message Well, I'm what is the message since you fell asleep in the middle of it Well, can I summarize it for you real briefly? I told you that be quick in a word. No listen to me the media And you talk to our friends when it works at a great philosopher Tammy Fay Baker. Oh roots there's even one roots roots roots That's right. Say we're not gonna put on there What was that al Pacino movie the Fag movie cruise it we're not putting that on How about cruising for a bruising speaking of Bretton Troy we never finished that story we had October sales holes got into a talk to Thompson the lunch room yesterday and Brett comes to numerous their hot knee or Mr. Hotshot Oh, well, I'm better looking and you are and I'm the big stud you walk around here I think you the good looking guy. I never thought Troy Stratfer was a good looking guy's a skinhead Yeah, you know, but I never thought of him at any point in my life of being a good looking guy Well, we're gonna call it pretty boy Troy from though pretty boy Troy. I like that and pretty boy Brad But you haven't seen Brett no Is he pretty pretty pretty pretty I know he's pretty annoying 3911301 godfather 85 network farming. I just find that to be so ridiculously yay, you know arguing over who's the bigger stud network 43 bowling for colabon only 33 that's just that is so sad man It's almost enough to make you want to side with Chuck Heston use son of a bad. Yeah He's a crap with a spandex pants at least rich Sean walking around with spandex pants He might be as old as Charlton has been but he sure is holding walk around with spandex pants on That's going Rick a Clockwork Orange 22 dear 117 go with a win 15 birth of a nation 14 that was 19 15 by the way Silent movie It would have had a been I would think wouldn't yes Born on the 4th of July 13 great expectations to and roots we just put on or gonna have any 545 will be hard press to make that thousand a day not that we really care how's that line-up looking today? Well next week you have too much gilding way too much and it goes to prove to the audience what I've been telling you for a long time Whatever I say they do the opposite so let me put it out there right now very clearly I think gilding ought to be on every day from tourcloth till midnight. How's that? All right Then maybe we might get rid of his squeaky ass. He just it's just whatever I say they do the opposite I hope Joe bells really satisfied with him something he's got a bunch of little children Where's that record by Billy Jay cream or you got it you keep playing it and you tell me you never heard that before That was a big hit about your retirement. Was that? Which or somebody is cooking something really rank in my building oh my god It's like rotten meat Maybe that's me Never heard you go Billy Jay crammer I have no idea what your road 60-3 60-4 something Okay 64 There you go say I got my thumb running Billy Jay crammer Don't even what that looks like probably not so good no mold Anyway, that's enough. Yeah, something stinks Well, I somebody died next door. What's going on here? I've already mowing. Maybe maybe it's a tourist ratford Maybe he put a long queue all the way up here So I could get the scent Bahamas broke back mountain van draws iron. This is a lot of Bahamas, you know But you're bigoted narrow minded Stone aged people down there in the Bahamas Not to mention your Jamaican friends too, Van talk about a bunch of A behavior government sport decision to bend a movie broke back mountain is prompted charge of discrimination and censorship at the island's shame No And let me just say this before I continue with this I realize that most of you are some of you couple of you You got enough smarts to figure it out for yourselves Why do I like trying to make sure that the slots fail if the permutuals are more they fuck cuz you must for so many years The leave you meet or so many palms getting greased so many people getting smeared if you really think that your fat as governor and legislature All that really pious and holy that they care about the gambling your dream and Think of the special interest man the cruise ships in the Bahamas all of these Part of these people who desperately want to make damn sure that we don't get like real casinos and software to God forbid people at land Exhibit a people in Vegas Lot of people getting smeared a lot of cash lot of suitcases and brown paper bags getting exchange youngs in Mm-hmm and I like to want it very jackass takes to work at the hairlard every day These don't just have a baloney sandwich in The right groups and others have called on the plays and film control board to reverse its decision Prepeting theaters in the Bahamas from showing the award winning movie about a travel love affair between two gay cowboys You have a group of people who are selling grown men and women with a cannon cannot watch said filibros a Theta direct to the island chain. I can't understand that I'm people right to make their own choices. Well, guess what Phil? What are you gonna do about it? Too fairy Pivers and I saw the cap of them had already begun to advertise the movie last Friday when the board announced the ban as a requested to go on this Christian council Oh there we go again the good Christians man. Yeah, fighting their hate everywhere. They go right in their safety be there. They're repression The board chose to ban it because it shows extreme homosexuality new to the info fanty We feel that has no value for the Bahamian public Shavas turn quest the era in the reano Lee is on officer for the control boards said Wednesday the rainbow alliance a group of the fag Our gay rights group called the banner first Said most the himans reject the idea that a small group of appointed individuals can provide the moral compass for the entire country They need a compass in a road map over there in the Bahamas, man Do not go there and waste your money. It's a sore and a toilet Some of suggested the board to have simply issued a rating that would have barred anyone under 18 from seeing the film No, they want to bar anybody from seeing it because it's bad for their morals man and my kids and my ideas And then I'll start doing stuff Critics also noted that even some countries were homosexualities illegal have allowed the movie to be shown in theaters This isn't a movie to be banned. It's not a sculpture to be sent to said Bahamas resident Liz Roberts who's working film production It's just something to be aired as something to be confronted openly I want to which he means by openly back them broke bad ass mountain the idea Has also been banned in mainland China Turkey is a strictly doing the viewers 18 and over Turkey, hers we know that well, is it it already? What the movie? Oh, oh, geez, he's dead now Oh, it's Turkish tapping. No, you know in this Turkish steam bass where he was a prisoner of it. What else he's dead now? It's not expressed. Midnight express. What was in them Brad Brad Davis there you go Well, I know wasn't Brad Cramer and Wasn't Brandon Gibbons 28 past 10 at 5 60 W to Q AM and full What noise time on this turns out to be a판 Who that is not when they put down something Those thick and fun of every other really This is chef is one grand boss Brazil.lowf synced Ji. He's a two based, lowheart, but nobody understands his under chat. 26, 11 at 5, 6, ceremony QINDU big sore to the serve, No, he has a chance to us. It's an audition time, a QA, everybody's auditioning from two to four. Just really embarrassing. I have a feeling, I don't know. I usually make predictions about the ratings that this is only a trend. But we are losing that awful November. The better course, our main was worse than November. They can't fight our audience today at Compass and Roadmap, because nobody speaks English and South Florida no more. So we got service. But I have a feeling it's going to be really, really bad. So that's my feeling about it. Just you can sense it, can you? After all these years you get a feeling about it. You get a feel for the audience. George R. was 1984, somebody facts to his excellent choice. 1984, you got it? Got it for the pool. Everybody should be forced to see that. Because now we're living it. OK? Yes, we are. 1130, those numbers start coming in. Boy, can you smell it? Maybe that's what it was that I smelled. From all the pressure in the building, can you just imagine people and you think the tea room was tied up loud and not a copy of the day, whatever day that was? You think that was bad. Wow. They're probably lined up all the way to OGIS. Good. Out the door. Glad I got my business out of the way. Good. A study of more than 1800 patients who underwent hard bypass surgery as they failed to show that prayers, especially the organized for their recovery, had any impact. Research of CDNs today. That's a story that flies into the face of the usual. Oh, pray for me. Pray, why, yeah, right. Actually, have that on the news. In fact, the study found that some of the phasings who knew they were being prayed for did worse than others, who were only told that they might be prayed for, though those who did the study said they couldn't explain why. Never, you know, he listed false hope. It's a bad idea. Or pray for, yeah, but I feel like I'm going to croak any second well. Pray for work. You're praying to the wrong God. That's your problem. Okay, give a prayer to God. Definitely might as well. I can do this as good for as any other afficitious God that man invented all this ballooning, all this TVGV. The patients in the study, it's as you as hospital included, six hundred and four who were actually prayed for after being told they might or might not be. Well, I mean, what is that? You know, what kind of nonsense is that? Maybe we'll pray for it. Maybe we won't. Good luck. See you. The other five hundred and ninety seven patients who were not prayed for after being told they might or might not be. And then a group of six hundred one who were prayed for and told that they would be the subject of the site prayer. Oh, Jesus. Many, many people with too much time on their hands, there's no question about that. The praying was done by members of three Christian groups in monasteries in elsewhere, two cat-looking one Protestant who were given written prayers in the first name in initial last name of the prayer subjects. It prayer started on the eve of or day of surgery in last and for two weeks. Among the first group who were prayed for but only told they might be prayed for. Harry Carey was going, they might be. It could be. It's not a prayer. Yeah, but how many chickens did they sacrifice? About thirty men. Fifty two percent of this for a group had post-seurgical complications compared to fifty one percent in the second group. So once who weren't prayed for, lived the whole day might be. In the third group who knew that they were being prayed for, fifty nine percent had complications. How do you like that? Well, you know, the magic of the word. Because God's getting pretty irritated. He's got a lot of odds to fix on volumes. You know, especially with the sincitably, the final four coming up. He don't have time for that prayer. After thirty days. God's third man. He ever had the death rates and incidents of major complications was about to same all across the group, so the study published in the American Heart and Journal. Inter, well, what word is that? Interest historic intercessory prayer. What is that? I don't know. I guess that's if you're in the seed. I never saw that word in my life. Intercessory prayer itself had no effect of whether complications occurred in patients who were certain that intercessors would pray for them at a higher rate of complications. In other words, don't pray for me, okay? Just like my neighbor over there. Stop praying. Stop trying to convert. There's no blame in my house, okay? There's no Jesus Christ. There's go a way. Lady, go a way. I'm going to turn your ass in, okay? I really should have. I should have turned her ass in into what? Into the PA, proselytizers and honest. I can't stand that. No, there's nobody interested in being converted. We don't want your religious propaganda. He is not. There's no idea what it might arise. The cake in your oven. In fact, I think it just blew the oven open. Okay, honey, get away from my life. Thank God, Tony isn't around him, we should probably be trying to convert him. Anyway, intercessors had a higher rate of complications than patients who were uncertain, but did receive intercessors. There is no clarification for the latter finding. The study called the largest of its kind was designed only to try to measure the impact of intercessory prayer. As if we really had to go through this to figure it out, right? Like we're like, see, that's a problem. But we're like, I'm like, I'm like a little children. Speaking of that song and my village, a framework. You don't keep that handy. Because that's the way the world behaves like a bunch of old children. Oh, he's up there in a better place now. He's up there with the Lord. They're bowling, as a matter of fact. That's why every time he hears thunder, it's they're bowling. And we're, it's basically to say that the nuns are bowling and having now. You ever say that? No, I don't say that. Well, that's what happens when the nuns go bowling up there. It sounds like thunder and lightning, like all hills break and loose. And every now and then they leave a 10 pin and go, we need to get speared. I tell my kids it's guy at farting. I think that's why you have like tornadoes and stuff like that in a hurry, because when they leave the 710 split guy, you're just foaming at them up. His wrath waxes hot. His wrath waxes hot. Well, I'm sorry, his wrath waxes hot. In honor of it, sure. I should ask him about that. He's probably not too happy to fact that Ticko's call letters waxy and then just let them go. In fact, what if he came big, right? What used to be waxy? That's right. And now waxy is that abortion across the street that nobody even owns, that Jefferson Poll, that Dennis Collins could make into a real radio station. So they at least attend a much of sports wannabes. Oh, my God, like Joel, fine, we're going to quote a bit of stupid guts. Got lots of money. It's all datties, by the way. Stoose got slotted that he's money, just like the beast. Can't stand these punks. These Jewish punks with rich daddy's man makes me sick. My daddy was a relatively a schlepper. And let me, in fact, he died penniless. I'm sure that the nursing home I found out that it. Yeah, I told him that. Yes, he did. And after I found that out, I really thought it sounded good. I hope every last second was as miserable as could possibly be. What a bastard. Twenty two, eleven. I'm letting it all out today because now that we know those trends are coming to eleven thirty. What's your bell going to do? How long is he going to walk around pretending that the sky ain't fallen, huh? The chicken little and reverse. You ought to ask him either here. Is he really? Yeah. When you're going to get with it, Joel and Stoose have a bunch of children running that place. Robert Creeper keeps putting jelly on every day. And then I find out today that they're best buddies. This is why we got the Roberts Making All Program decision. Let's have some adults run into join for a while, Joe. Just for a couple of months. See if we can do any better. No, okay. We could extend your show to four o'clock. Yeah, we can extend my show. I already told parents I'll do that one day a week, 10 to four sounds good to me. One day a week. Cool. Okay. You just heard it. There was right on here, Joe Bell says I'm working Wednesdays, 10 to four. Off the rest of the week. What are you laughing about? I don't think there's a bad line. No, no. Off Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, Wednesdays, 10 to four for the same cash. I don't see more like Monday through Friday, 10 to four. I was thinking more like 10 to 11 sounds good to me. I do a hell of a show. You wouldn't believe it. It'll be tight for your last every day for an hour. To tight hour. The next in thing or kosher phone. Oh, God, this you think that the thing would I prayer was good. Wait till your story from Jerusalem. I'll send you page two if you let it. No, I do want it. All right, here it is right up my alley, Sally. Anyway, 10, 41, 19 to 11. We got the big, oh, auditioning at two this afternoon because we just can't make a car mine. And we got mad dog at Hoorison to Ralph 4630. Panther preview to Panthers. They keep with their seven and a row. They're really going to be at the keep for the beehive. I don't get it. Cause Montreal Jersey and Tampa all one last night. So another eight points out of the play. I'll about to do an semester kick an ass. Panthers at Carolinas seven o'clock tonight. Although we got the Marlins exhibition scheme with the Texas Rangers on AM 1360 on the cat on KAT. And we're pretty embarrassed about that. Yeah. Jesus, fucking little fifth. The Lizard, you. Really though, we're just like any other couple. The ladies are couple and hollywood time. Even better than the queen and the ass doing so bright. Red said, which has frankly come to her eyes. And now she's with child and her names and children.ào arei households are Oh, what the channel is saying? We can't judge you again I'm too good for no one Oh, can we never give in? Would I just be not good now? Let us have fun to pray It's really not good since it's been out Madly's coming That holding your two reds has been pulled wide and wide All bad are sent to my baby, look at the shining It's like joining the two reds over and with that to me, not totally When it's all the affiliated processes, so many likes And we have fun to lose the two When you get a point, it's like the boy gets a point Our kids are really attracted Are you all ready, dude? Yes 1048 of you and from elementary's sponsor, I dreamt he'll post it And I put on the website, none Just you, you and me, we both had a yesterday, it was great Well, it's okay, they're long I mean, we're trying to save your lives out We're going to be 10 to one, talk about stupid crap like candy bars But then get fat, let them lose their lives Okay, let's you, Croco, we can hold that We're going to let you as we can to stay alive Well, let's end it that first she's with toffee and almonds Pretty good The next ending, a kosher phone and merchant, what's that was Joe doing in there Stopping by to say hi, you know, that everyone's gathering for the trends that are going to be coming Ha ha ha ha ha Oh, yeah Get your hopes up, not, never that song, hi hopes I'm going to tell you if I ever have another problem getting into the magic room over here I'm welcome to use his executive washer Really? Well, we're just just making the positive on his desk I got it to hear, I'm going to bite I'm going to bite, you say you're going to bite I'm going to bite, you say you're going to bite No, I didn't say you're going to bite No, that's instead of a contract that gets used as toilet Oh, that's good And what am I trying to do is he gets to like a pee outside of the outside of his door I'm not just going to hang it out the window I'm actually zackled me out there Waiting for the day to cook Jerusalem It sounds like the setup for a push line What do you get when you cross an offer orthodontics ran by with a mobile phone? But the kosher phone is real and developers are serious about living real religious is real Just ask Gary Saringer, he'll tell you he might even call you from his kosher phone There's serious about looking beyond the religious enclaves of Israel Some Arab companies even have been quite about the phones main feature Keeping out sex lines and other worldly temptations And of course we know those Arabs don't mind no part of sex That's why we produce like rabbits and that's why they're waiting for them seven virgins After they blow themselves up Oh, surprise didn't work out There's interest out there and a conservative phone A conservative phone It's one where the mouthpiece tilts to the right Said Abracia Burston, I wonder if he's kind of Ellen Burston The chief executive officer at The nearest communications limited And his latest suburb of Motorola and Paniar the kosher kosher mobile at the big year last year The phones carrying the seal of approval of his reals robinical authorities They have the circle you on them sure Have over the most successful men mergers in technology and centuries old tradition And the upper orthodox Getsky community Which is most likely recognized by the men's black guard based on the dress of 19 century European Jews The black guard the long beards the bad smell The kosher phone is stripped out of its original function making and receiving calls There's no text messaging, no internet access And the God forbid, no video options, no camera More than 10,000 numbers for phone sex Dating services, and other offerings are automatically blocked A team of urbanical overseers make sure that the list is up to date Yeah, I'm guarantee they're making damn sure they're checking them all out These are the same rabies who told followers to squint ill of his new radio But mobile phones are considered just to essential In one of the world's most tech friendly nations, the ultra orthodox account for about 7% of Israel 7 million people Now, and my arrest is thinking bigger Talks are under way to introduce a kosher photo Jewish communities in the US and other nations Possibly late this year is really Arabs of about 20% of population have also taken notice of the phones And say possible option for those trying to protect conservative Islamic sensibilities And it's kind of like a little berca over the headpiece Some Arab cell phone providers see this damage traction They've stopped information from emmers as in Kushmir and Tufas via on-boys from Jordan which has a peace treaty with Israel said Version of decline to give further details of the contacts This is a unique product for you unique brand accustomary Said what we see symbol tents will be on this niche market The kosher phone is an example of demand leading away for supply While we sure tell Gary Sarabata, this may be going to get him on the air Can't get anything else on him, it may be going to do this In late 2004, a special revendicle panel was formed to study how to bridge the need for a cellular phones and ultra-orthodox codes The community was torn, some saw the phones as a non-fretting convenience Others believe the sophisticated third generation phones offered an unhealthy freedom The ability to download pornography or allow young people to make a sort of contact with the opposite sex Which is highly restricted and ultra-orthodox society If what was they do start making contact, they just don't stop That's why they got like 18-20 kids What did what is that? That's somebody blow the chauffeur Oh that was outside my window here, it's you Get out of here with that crap It's a wrong holiday, it's coming up on pace off baby Your pacific candies put them on the list The conservative magazine family called the multi-tasking new phones A candy store for the evil impulsing Revised to loosen fire to cell phone, that's only a phone They saw the future they were frightened to run videos more prominent It turned out that Jacob Wine Roth, who was asked by the rabbi to approach Israel's four main cell companies With the idea of the paired-down phone In 10 years we may have commercials coming over the phone Maybe gambling dating God for rib The community wanted to keep the cell phone but not allowed this commercial word out of their communities To the phone Mirrors Israel's smallest cell phone in terms of market share was the first to take the challenge But it's said I've simply blocking the non-call services The new phones were specifically engineered with harbored of rent upgrades or sharing chips with other handsets The kosher phone was already last March back then on unusual sales force 80 men and 10 women from Israel's ultra-orthodox neighborhood who went to a crash course in cell phones and door to door pitches The classes were arranged to accommodate synagogue parish schedules and tourist studies By several more than 20,000 kosher phones were sold But it was just a photo-doministimated market at least 180,000 cell phone users Among Israel's half-amitted ultra-orthodox Two of Israel's other three cell phone players have also developed their own kosher phones The options now come in a range of styles and colors from black to enamel red Oh, if you think about it, if you're an orthodox is not going to go to movies and other things These days the kind of phone you carry is part of who you are Said what's this guy's name? Shallowm? Sorry Everybody's been liking for that to be honest It's the word of which we live It's one little tiny step out of the stone age, how do they 15 century? What would you who would you, and that would be a good one Who would you call on a cell phone? W-W-J-C. Oh, here's from Shrad again Another four. It says please advise you listen to use kosher in from the old-time candy website Aha order is a small amount order a small amount first to assist the quality My girlfriend order a ton of stuff and most of it was stale on a rival Well, at least at least it wasn't big now. Thanks to us because obviously it was before we talked about it Right Also can be possible. This have hated athletes omitted jacked Tatum at least OJ had the license to do his Murti off the field didn't brag about it afterwards I see I'm much angry with him about pay broothe was a drunk and glutton the civil They core chase around still the world's greatest baseball player imagine paid roof on steroids And he never had a single home money still or made a hall of famous of picture People forget his early years he was lean and fast the same year he had 59 homers he had 16 triples and 17 stolen bases Okay, thanks John, pile of the appolars Marginal so okay, so again be careful if you order from old time well that they're calling it old time candy That's right So it's a truth and packaging are you as right and you were wondering how they have all that stuff Yeah, they're even hanging around long time I'm a giant of warehouse full of that stuff just sitting there. Just been sitting there in the sun Kind of Johnny rotten What movie should become possibly viewing for all American 620 votes? I don't think this is what we're gonna get a lot of additions to there. It could be wrong, but I'm just which is good I got one for the pull on so terrible. I'm so nauseous from that. It's all they got they got one for the pulling got five for the pull Yeah, go stick it Fahrenheit 911 335 got five or 95 network 49 drive 49 and dropped an even vote for it Rolling for colabine only 38. See that's scandalous See here's what really pisses me off you people are right did I law you gunhuggers out there Remember what I said after that episode have it in colabine. I was on the air for couple days getting all been out of shape and screaming and yelling And then of course we had a bunch of copycat puns to win the same thing in other schools And then it public like to you people accept anything Anything no matter how aberrant unacceptable is you're just accepted that's you murk an effin way man Kids go to school blowin each other way just arbitrarily. I'm just a pissed off people made fun of us Uh, whatever I'm gonna bad mood I'm gonna go kill a couple people In fact, I wouldn't surprise me the way things are going that's gonna become Especially the way the government's responding running around a country kill all kinds of innocent people who never did anything else That's gonna be the new hobby kill some people there you go. He's been on it for a long time In fact, let's start with him I might change my whole altitude And then the public just takes all these things like this is the way it's supposed to be it's not the way it's supposed to be civilized people don't do such crap, okay They don't run and run shooting kill each other Boling for colabine 38 clock or orange 25 gone with a win 19 frankly my dear the beer hunter 18 Born on the fourth of July 16 although you know who's in that and guess what what are you gonna do about it? You're fairy Birth of a nation 15 roots five Ruth's don't say people let's say that. We're gonna. All right up on the roof 1844 and great expectations got a pair Area C Robert may have hoped before are they start a new schedule with an only praise 641 votes on the pool We like it to a thousand what you think We're right if you actually really get to be behind it if we get those naked pictures of Joshua real fast 5 670 5 6 you don't say any developers that okay and give any fair warning right now because once those trends come and speak at numbers We're gonna be pouring over those things Now here here's something to think about For your friends across the street the ones that we don't give a crap about but the ones that these sports the rest of the stations of sensual and Terrify oh, I mean yeah, they're gonna be dropping off. Oh, everybody's gonna be dropping off November because this trend is December January and February Right so that November which we were kind of weak but boy across the street they were like invisible. They're gonna be dropping that So they might throw a number in there. I don't want to get everybody a scared if you am, but they might throw a little sports number in this time Oh, yeah, I'd be a P in my pants big time. I'd be calling June Allison right now for a hundred cartons of depends cases Find by the case load for some people will be a case if they get a number over there I don't think we're gonna do all that great. I could be wrong. I don't know about us like 10 to three. I don't I don't know Of course now that we got that revolving two to four But we sure can't do a worse than a one one like the last couple of months, right? Right and that would go as philosophy is right in other words Let's not do better. Let's just not do any worse than that Oh Man over that's not win the game. Let's just play as long as we can without losing. So what would you do play to an endless tie? Yeah, what would I do do I'd go to rob a bank? WDQA and hello Yeah, no yes, sir Is that WQA? WQA and that's it. Do I want me to kill in it? Oh? Yeah, okay Yes, it was real clever WQA I'm not far and our last one WQA. I'm hello Yeah, I had a comment about when the commercial you guys are running. Okay, let's make it to somebody else Very verner and it not the foot and some chicken. They're to try to pull the same crap We wouldn't put the guy in there so now we're gonna like you know Let's have a I understand your desperate over there when you start selling those dollar hours and even if you get a good trend That it which I doubt that ain't gonna help but just keep it over on your side of the street, okay? We got it to fighting line. Okay, it's called the median and I think your median Listen, it's got an IQ smaller than their thumb size So cut the crap What are they're putting that in the heavy duty this week? Have you noticed that? Yes, I did I guess they figured because it was a some chick some dumb bitch That I was gonna load around here like trash one of our fines ponds. It's they ain't never gonna happen even some of our not so fine spouses That is never gonna happen We got delay buttons man up the ass we got the least for and we go on for like 45 days We wanted to right we get dumb stuff that happened last week and we can dump stuff that got on here like four years ago And when you hear that sound that means you've been duff it. Duff dumps Right, Dufft I think I just made up a new word for the English language right, Dufft Good off you'd doff and dump it So just dump the trash over there. Okay, right there in front of a word in his columns is Stan and you can see that said it Or am I was smelling before the stench of Kalmanor the stench of Dennis Collins been a robiter or Jefferson pilot or you kiddin Dennis You wouldn't know already a station from an exon station you jackass nice job by the way with WS news as a matter of fact Now that I think about it What was our frequency on WNWS? Yes, can they? 790 yes, you've had that that's what they turned it into a once widely listened to all the grandadard meeting Listen to sage was death to a stand, but nevertheless we had big numbers old But once very popular news and top station that we like buried an IOD we buried them literally Intriguitively and now they turned it like a when it outlets Lisa that so much a sports one of each children See that's the probably got so many little kids running radio stations You got clearance and robbered into beast and then over there you got stuped gods and all these little children want a beast man What was the a PD's name Josh from a Jeremy Schmendrick what's his name? Who across a street oh? Joel fiber no no he's he's not the PD he's the all he's the head-on show man No, you don't know either nobody know nobody knows who the hell he is that's how big he is And then of course not to mention the Oh shit's damn advanced to this two gods the Not two guys these is general manager man you better get your positions straight now, Mr. McCoy meet up with that Who gives it oh god That's what you have to say over and over again It used to be Jason's slotkin that's one very good now. They guys Shit I get Jason's to lob kin or somebody like that. No, I mean oh, but some chick. He's the one it just called about Does some sponsorship. That was right. That's you only wish they had on a year over there How about a dime a holiday? They're gonna take dollar a holiday to the level across the a dime a holiday any takers any entry No, they couldn't sell a spot if they put a gun to your head you want to buy some spots? No, you think we got problems in sales and boy do we ever we got Britain Troy coming to blows there in the lunchroom just about What we heard 23 minutes to those trends start coming out in fact you know something I'm not gonna say it You know what I'm thinking oh, but I'm a George you got a new story for Sunday I hate to do this day here, but we had no well, we saw busy with beef was coming in there I got something before the show It's not having a log and I never got to tell you to be sure because I'm going to Niagara for the weekend I'll have the stories on there for tomorrow. Josh. That's what's catered But the ones for a Sunday you've had to take care of then I'll be back. I got you only going one day You can lose enough in one day, man It was evil one arm bandits those bad machines mine, but at least they treated with their at Niagara To give you a room and board a nice great meals excellent restaurants. They feature like they they want to have you there To lose your ass is opposed to like a woodbind where they teach you like, oh, just give us your money You know, and you got a little smelly. Oh, God smelly old European refugees man send them back You know all of his immigration stuff was wonderful during the early part of the last century You know the industrial revolution was going on. We need all these workers, but not that they've outsourced everybody's jobs There aren't any jobs anymore even for people like who are born in the USA So what's all this crap about you know illegal means illegal illegal alien isn't all of a sudden illegal alien Or like well come on in forget about it go back to Mexico, okay go back in the tea something about birth control and cut the crap See WQA and hello All right, I'd already acted on that 790 the advertising of dolphins that even you was all business Get it forward the advertising to buy me dog. Oh, yeah, I bet you might pay you to put your name on there exactly Happy anniversary the way. Thanks happy 30 a 30 if it's an issue to return I realized that now I look back on that that was the the de-markation point We were kicking serious ass up into Len on the air on the website and all of a sudden that was like after that. Okay Well, that's it We don't like you know, mole. Wow, okay. Well, guess what? I'll still take the money. I don't care if we have like a point Oh, too as far as numbers are concerned we got nothing left to prove that's a long good thing about all these years even rookie ticket We would agree with that We have nothing left to prove so if we ain't go down with the Titanic too bad like in the last trend you know we sucked win sucked We're compared to the rest of the station. We were like a Primal man Keith Primal 5605 I might I got a big problem here. In fact, I think about Buds ceiling and that phony or another phony investigation. You know somebody writes a book all while we got to have another investigation It's just phony is could be Even Johnson was that it's all about the bureau's very's bond. That's what it's all about word bond We got a lot of good stuff in here like about what's his name? old Max Max may feel may hold may feel No old max no. I don't know young Max. Yeah, you do the director's national hurricane center and all that Max may feel the oh him the old guy with a teeth in a glass. That's well He says this year's hurricane season likely to be stronger than average but short of 2005 the cost of this on right he said it would be unbelievable The label have another season like that not very realistic well, thanks God Max, please say a bracha Say a prayer and see if it helps. Maybe it doesn't help with your health, but it'll help with the hurricane season Can't hurt Now what is that? Say a Brooklyn There's some work Oh this is a wall shot but the swealed afraid on What was it? Oh, no, this is a medalisia who this is a red Emil Goyo the other day on your pole where you would look for soccer jack and all that and remember poppy cock. It was on there sir. Yes we remembered and it was on there and don't be picking on a receiver. Oh God. Somebody QAM hello get up to the way. Hello. He's on a two day lay that guy. Yes sir. Yes. I was just wondering if we run and I'll end up on the landest country again. We're going to send the back. Yeah. Okay John. Now okay. So that's why I'm not even talking that much about it because basically a lot of you biggest out there all you want to do is I started a big stimulus about that in Florida because you want to send all the Cubans back including George probably. I got the papers. Thank you very much. He's got his new body. He's got the hair all he's got that he tried. Waiter has he just was because he had the New York Times. He got you and I said they would all in colorful pictures in it. He got the Boston Globe. I took a flight. He's got the Harold exam and we certainly make a more and that's right. So don't get the hello. I said people back home. By the way sir, don't forget leave on Hernandez won the world series in 1987. The Cubans won it. Not the Marlins. The Cubans won it. Which is exactly what he's trying to give me to say. I'll say it because that's Dan LeBashard again. Like I said, if anybody else would have made a comment like that they have been railroaded right out of town but not Dan LeBashard because he was at the pan ring Harold. And now he's over there pan ring across the street. But we got the big ingredient. We got the big. Oh, okay. We're even speaking this right. He speaks like Spang was baby talk. So there's stick that right where the pipe and no smoke a Joel find bird. And he's actually on once there were a couple of weeks in the afternoon when people are awake because we got guilty on arrested time because Robert Creepers doing something with Galdies knows. He's a new Roger. OK. Stop! Guarding the child. Five, six, oh! W-u-u masksed Yeah Man I could free Forever I know my order is yours We've got to go down the roadings together, I hear something, and I like the soul I like the soul, I hear each time I say, I like the souls that say, my name is not sweet, you felt it I see the true way of praying, John's in the dark and he's in the dark, the soul is in the dark Notice how it's called, he's because it's all the way through, okay that's my accident Okay thanks a lot, Bisto, 11 17 at 5.60WQ and we got 13 minutes to go to La Bownay, other than those trends are going to come out then they will fear somebody and it won't be us 5.60WQ and we want to take 50,000 calls between our two of our clock today, it's calling intensive and let's see tomorrow's April Fool's Day and tomorrow night we turn to clock's ahead Spring and head fall back, etc. that's super hard, we had a bad time and then what else is coming up? Monday we got the baseball season starts and I write opening day for the Marlins at Houston, that's right Pretty embarrassing because the Panthers have a game that might have played off implications in fact the game is next weekend We got a farm there, they're far out, well, 13, 6.60WQ because we got a conflict there with a Marlins plant the same time regular season, you know So unlike tonight when we're putting the Marlins on the submission game on 13, 60 because the Panthers, when a Marlins start stay take precedence That makes sense to me because who the hell cares about the Panthers? Nobody, unfortunately they're kicking ass now, they come on real nice They're going to miss those points that they blew when he lost all those games and last minute they blew all those leads Remember early in the season and last just seconds, milliseconds of games game after game after game after game and they're going to hold a bunch of points down the toilet They're going to miss those because now they're eight back, they won seven and a row and they're going to play points back They're falling for the behind Any interest? No, no, absolutely none, come to QAM hello Hey, all the forms you know that no market is safe from the radio geniuses out there In New York, I mean, it's 60S FM off the air which is like a number one, or it's the 10 top 10 total last hundred years Right, now they're getting more and more David type ratings on that station They went and they fired everybody and they just took a lot of dollars But so yeah, everybody's on This business sucks man, don't ever get anywhere near it, this business blows Thanks But it's right, it's right, no matter where you go all those southwarders especially if you turn on the FM that's a give you real hint The fact is that a role mother comes through your speaker when you turn on the FM a stench Oh my god, you immediately want to reach over and just turn back to A.M That's only we've got anybody listening to A.M is because they haven't southwarded so bad who don't want to listen to A.M radio man There are all the ways all the way are HD how many HD radios in the world None of it in southward except I think dusk got one right I've seen two the engineers and those really you seen dust well yeah I'll send you picture no no don't do that put it on our website and pretend it's Josh's good You need color anyway to appreciate it. Do I have any I am hello? Hey, okay I'm calling you with a person gestion. Yes, unfortunately from monoling with the county so I'll get you flush Jerry's my stupid old president bush for Dan Kwell Okay, we'll think about that one All the illegally is gonna go back to Mexico. We didn't think came from someplace else. That's my solution that from send him back. Sure And don't let him come back in just I am all four building that big friends here I'm just not gonna for us and speak of Israel as election day had the other day which is a slap in the face of books They said nevertheless how's the real sharon do I? Just have to have an elections Tuesday and nobody's talking about aerial shows the alive as he dead as anybody cares You see ordering someone was pays a ducky candies from the old a fashion candy shop Well, I'm glad that Sean facts that in some good information because I don't want to get our people all the way They won't order that stuff because like the pasta. I I'm just shocked I thought that that thing would go over bigger than my retailer freaking more, you know it Once I leave it then I only found it by accident and it's not a sponsor when I'm in fact I spent like I told you more for the postage to sluff it all the way up here that I did for the product and it's dynamite And you have to order it online you go to publics and buy it right Maybe that's the way they're just eating it not telling you and then I tell this about not even don't even have the colonies to say thank you Not even the DC say thanks you old bag it thanks for the dreamfields possibly you saved my life You miserable old piece of truth that we hate like poison, but thanks anyway not even that no So no killing is happy 30th anniversary crap men it went that was you talk about an event that didn't happen you know Sam, hmm like all of us have events that don't happen in our mind as we walk around day after day We look and we see people really all we think of events that we'd like to have happened But it just it just don't happen usually once in a while surprised, but not usually No, Sam, I'm sure you do now in Josh's case when he meets up with Zach I'd be real careful next time I look work if somebody is some guys has some real nasty looking queen is hanging out by your car Well, I'll bust around him you're in your house Give me old two pack and a six pack 685 We need to get to what about 800 by the top of the old be safe. I think we got a good shot. Well, my car 1000 even though this fool They don't like well lately. They don't since the anniversary show. They don't like anything Yeah, yeah, let's talk about illegal aliens. Yeah, let's handle the Cubans back You know all the dry food went foot even Georgia grease with it. It's so ass and I know make up your mind It's such a cup out, you know, just on a one hand. They want to cover their ass They don't want to piss off the old green tooth Cuban crowd and on the other hand they don't want to go too far To impress off everybody else and the old days it was like where I should have you can get here welcome here, but now it's like half-assed What do you mean like Russia? Well, how about China? You will undo that would try to their bunch of comedy bills. How about that? Was the policy? Well, it's not a set of no-mole. No, okay? In addition to which how do you have you swim here from Russia? You don't you defect like those rubber sirs rubber raps don't work out too well when you come here I do a surface if you're like a chess player and athlete or some crazy guy like that you gotta jump the fence at the embassy and so a force bad enough said WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. I know I'm calling. Thank you. I bought the pasta the public shouldn't think Right across the highway right it's awesome It ain't had all three varieties now are you that vet it? No, I'm not bother. I keep it missing you won't be anywhere. It'll keep you off the a diabetes It's awesome to have all three varieties macaroni the elbow the Elfania that a cheating no, I love that oh, no, they're coming out. What does it just do? No, yeah Anyway, thanks. Okay. Thanks for calm pali see. They're I am Burstim into crime saved his life probably saved him from diabetes and all the complications that can follow great stuff man My greatest discovery of my life as far as I'm cuz I'm a pasta lover. I make no bones about it Love it love it love it And then of course that low carb sauce if you're diabetic that's really important to I guess because some of the sauce You got a lot of carbs. So what's the point in low carbs pasta and slathering it with like a carb heavy laden pasta sauce, right right? I'm kind of solid that's right you like yours with butter and salt. That's right. Oh Well, I say you know it like with garlic and butter. That's good. Mm-hmm. Yeah Oh, that just a little honey. You put like a little pointer. Okay. That's really good. Okay Because I'm sure you don't cook anything in your house. I'm sure that your wife and leaves if she don't know anything else at least she cooks Yes, she does She cooks up a few surprises too every now and but anyway In the water when you boil them to water for your pasta Olive oil or olive oil. Oh, we still just just a drop. All right, Marlin Brander said when you drink it a wine just a drop I think she might do that already really And of course this pasta you don't have to worry about us sticking together because it doesn't do that anyway But it's huh, that's very good But it's a good that way it kind of like coats the pasta with a little olive or leave And then anything that you put on your life your sauce and stuff. It's just kind of like all Moles together right then you shove in your meat balls and you throw your sausages a little wine So sugar. WQ a M. Hello WQ a M. All right WQ a M. Hello Speaking Hey now I just had a quick comment about the you know with all immigration to base going on I think the one thing people are law side of the station patient patient patient WQ a M. Hello WQ a M. Hello Yes, sir. I tried that I didn't feel fast and I wanted to thank you you're welcome Okay, see that's it You're not gonna call it safe thank you because it's guys. They don't want to thank me because they're making a sound like that You know and that's how quick that guy love it That's right and of course the women out there. We only got about seven of them anyway. You think they're right I just I'm just shot I don't really care. It's no sweat off my S one way the other But I we put the link on there did a beautiful job nice artwork to hold you right off the website You click on that and you go to whole things good great stuff It's one of the miracles that I've ever discovered in my lifetime really mean it and these people see this is not floor man Nothing will move us we don't give a damn no matter what you say no matter what you do We don't want we don't want God thank God. I don't have to be there all those years. How did I survive in that toilet? You know really when you come back with without smoking dope. I have no idea. I just can't even begin to imagine because every time I'm there for like three or four days It seems like 30 or 40 years Seems like I'm a prisoner like I'm like I'm marking off the hours under wall like somebody on death row God unbelievable Just a hard ass place man just a heart all you anybody listening outside of South Florida You're thinking about moving there going there for get about it. Okay. That's my best advice The greatest thing message I can give to anybody in the world. Oh God about it right just like going on a cruise ship Forget about that too same same thing 27 past eleven was friends are gonna talk about a killer man those friends have become pretty soon And we're gonna be losing that bad November and that was then one of the excuse me we suck Right hey horse racing film. We used to be great up until March 1st now. We suck Hey horse racing fans and poker players competent park racing and poker's got all the gambling actually want any money my sheen to man Why the year best I can't handle the potato salad. I don't have a coat like a magic hat. She said, well, I should have cut this. She should have eaten. I didn't. I'm standing here all day and I think I might be there. I better get to her level or a condominor. I'll change what you can eat early by co-says. I think I'm so full-gone. I haven't been dead since I'm a hub of a dream. I only hope that there's a very strange nation. I should try past dream and see catch. This is catcher hoist. I drug my teeth as soon as I shoot dead. I mean, yeah, we get a leave. But for my gun start cleaning, my wife said, my chicken is a very secretion. I just brought out a tray of macaroni and cheese. I said I should be embarrassed that I'm pulling a pot. They should only expect no one's from a titale report. Can I buy the egg and the egg that's ironed up here like this? I can go right now. I'll skip the heat. We know she should take a bite and then send a full-up pot and then they divide down it. I'll take a picture. I'll push. She says my picture show me an inflation. I should try the kitchen and line her up. Not that I should replace me. I'm in a goat. It's a goat. I don't get that. Who did the video show me? I've loved a 30-year-old bread up in high. That's for his last name. I just saw it on a piece of coffee that he sent to me about in the comfort. I have no idea what it's all about. It starts next week. They never asked me about. But nevertheless, that's okay. Anything for bread. Just to get even with Troy. Can't because Troy's busy selectively trying to destroy every of God I've ever had on the year. You're doing a Troy. You're doing a holiday job. You and Brownie Brown. 714. Oh, don't drop all of those. What movie should become possible for all Americans? Fair night and 11376. Godfather 115. Network 53, which is obviously the correct answer. Volume for colabine 47, which ought to have at least another hundred votes, but doesn't, because you love your guns. Right. A clockwork orange 26, year 120. Come with a win. 19. Born on the 4th of July 17. Birth of a nation 15. 1984, 13, Roots 10. Roots and Great Expecter Rations. 3 out of 720. We could be close to 800 by the top of the day or make our 1000 today. That's how we care about. We get our 1000 votes. And we feel we've done our work. And that's it. And then we go move on. Right. Move on. You can people who aren't here anymore. And that's it. So we can do. Did the parents come in here? We got some numbers starting at or what? Right. Yeah. Did you say 1130, though, didn't he? Yes. I have a feeling this is going to be speaking of your, uh, your, you this rapper there. It's going to be lucky on the kipper. I could be wrong about that. I certainly hope, uh, at least from 10 to 2. That's how we care about that. We don't care about the rest of the station anymore. We used to do. But, uh, we paid a wicked price for doing that. No matter what I say, they do the opposite. So I just do good luck to all of them. Good luck with that sports stuff. We're just here. 10 to 2. Good luck to us, right? All for one, uh, all for us. That's what George said. Screw him all. WKYN. Hello. I'm Yo. Get through this. It's Zach for Josh. You know, okay. Well, common home. We don't take personal calls on the year. Okay. Faggot. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Well, he's sound like a real floor. Don't engage. Yeah. Man. Maybe he can start his own airlines. Zach. WKYN. Hello. QAM. New. New. New. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good one. Good question. WKYN. Hello. Yes. Let me ask you a question. What is this? Last guy had a question. Any hung up. So are you going to ask it or not? What is it? Let me ask you. I understand the. The. The. The. The. The community. I'm going out. They're saying that. You know, the. I'm not interested. Okay. Go talk to somebody else about that crap. Not interested about Mel Martinez. But a Cuban community. All this immigration crap. Not interested. I'm not going to get get bogged down another alien and. Mary. I'll vote. So the. A garnish. I don't know what's going on. Go. Go talk to him. I'll go talk to him. Go talk to. He name is. Get out of my face. Okay. Immigrants. Immigration means legal. Any country. And I said this years ago. Any country that can't protect its own borders. No is nothing about security. So all this crap about homeland security. And terrorism. And you know, checking to borders and securing the borders. And no one who's coming in and who's naughty. And I. It's all a dog and pony show. Okay. It's a much a crap. Just like they did. Just like the, I never got to that story that they've got the explosives that they put through at the airport The screen, no problem. Is it them right on through? To see that story? I got a hurry. I saw somewhere where they only had dirty bombs Undercover investigators took radioactive material enough to make two small dirty bombs across U.S. borders and Texas and Washington State And it test last year of security at point American points of entry. They're just giving you a bunch of bullcraft, okay? If you believe that the government is securing you just go to fly somewhere go to the airport and take all of the people I have screening the, the, the passengers, okay? Take a look at those people and ask if you would place your life in their hands, okay? I'm going to tell you right now the answer is absolutely not My God I'm going to tell you right now if I was lucky in my bank's ATM taking out like $50 I'd be in one of those people who's screened right at the airport was like a stand-in behind me I'd be like doing a green apple quick step. I'd be lying it out of there I'd high tailed in the other direction. Give my drift to what I'm saying. What he said Forget about it Whole land security my ass it's a delusion it's a mirage and by the way don't stay at the mirage over the heaven They stopped those bangle tigers there. I don't know why time the they started eating you know Secret people oh God Especially that the sick freedom the what's his name What's another one sick freedom Roy, we don't hear nothing about no more. Thank God for that actually I just saw something. I don't know where I saw it But you knew he was walking around and it was wrong Oh, feeling much better. Yeah, but it was kind of frightening after going to tank by that tell you well Let me ask you this question Roy. What are you gonna do about it? You're fairie. WWE QAM hello WWE QAM hello Maybe I could hope you'll bring up with prosac Ron the good pair and again the robber would be good They did it. Yes, we took her QAM Hey, now how you doing all right? Hey, I want to know Your opinion what well what do you see well? Well, where do you more North Korea or Iran oh? Good WWE QAM hello To a m I take it right from our president sir what may worry that's my philosophy. I don't worry about nothing. Yes, sir I'm worried about robber griefer than either one of those things. Yes, sir Listen I'm easily Okay, come on easy come on easy okay Boy, you're good on look that out You're you're you I mean, what's the point of being yourself over the head with a you know rep bangin you're headed to a brick wall Trying to you know like trying to sell farphold to a bunch of goon. I'm it did forget it ain't gonna work Like trying to sell hollivoth and North Pole forget about it. It's just ain't gonna happen and I learned that lesson a long time ago about what about a week W2AM hello Hello, yes, sir I'm just wondering about your question yesterday regarding Appleets and sharing rooms. Yes, did you get an answer? Well, I didn't wasn't a question. It was a fact. It's a fact. Oh, no, no, no, but in baseball They definitely do not share rooms. No roommate. I traveled with a team for four years and they don't talk in cars do Well, maybe they do but baseball don't I'm I can guarantee you baseball doesn't hockey maybe. Yeah, well baseball used to I know that And I can't believe that living here now. I have to watch the Montreal Canadian beat of ones to do in the Florida Panthers Me one you're not from your all are I'm from there now I live here. Oh, God well, you know that may be an improvement. I mean I can't take a too many places where being improvement But that could be a step up I do Hey, to call if they took all those frogs out of there would be okay. It's a beautiful city with the people there suck I know you say you don't but I know you down deep you much like it. No, I know I don't I hated like boys and all those up Notches frogs when you go to the casino there and they speak to you in French and then you tell me sorry Speaking with and they'll speak English for about two minutes and then they'll start with a friend crap again I was a bit if you don't speak French do they want to kill you Don't go to the casino the left no not to the down the great Okay, I'll take your word for it and by the way the obvious people I have ever seen in my life. Oh Jesus Holy cow. I mean if you can't get like we did that pull on candy yesterday They would naturally have been under your favorite candies. I candy since you used that. He spray I hate that But right but if it's right in or sure. I know I can't it there's I are tankers in Montreal. Oh my God In fact you look at the people there and you want to say Oh, but oh I mean like here in Toronto man. Oh my God you you talk with the on the top of your shoes Drilling at the beautiful people see the impression is that the Canadian women are all like real die key looking and dress real die key and stuff and there There is definitely a category of those people but just like Berlin the young people here are just unbelievable looking And I'm talking about people from like all over especially the the mixed breeds remember I told you about that right Like Asian and a Canadian mixed you know half and half I can't say which half is the best but I'm working on it. Oh there's Bubba's gonna be a malaria King Now if you tell some tales what those be bubble micees You know from Montreal's evidence software. Well, he ought to be used to all the the language hate This is alfel researchers And now So I think I just found a great column here that I might want to read. I don't want to like do any reading on your how the numbers coming in yet. I have some 12 plus numbers here and 12 plus we are like one tenth of a point higher than the previous trend. A tenth of a point higher. Let's play Jackie Wilson and higher and higher. Come on man. We're number 14 and we're proud of it. Anyway, Tom Hartman writes today's immigration battle corporate, corporate history versus racist and labor is left behind. I kind of like this I think I'm thinking I'm reading this and going along. Uh-huh. We're gonna put a dark time in an article today about 9 11 that I just totally disagree with. I didn't put it on here. I mean, I thought I have to agree with it. We are to put on our website. Or then I'm gonna read on here, but it helps, you know. Mm-hmm. Okay, let's see what King over the us is. Oh, go away. Go away. Don't worry, Josh. I'm not a stalker. I'm going to I'm not going to call in this show like the fake column just called in. You are cute, but not cute enough to stalk. It's all fun and games. I can imagine it was home. He's at right now. We got Zach. Zach wannabes. Just like we want to be at least. I listen to the show every day, so we have a chance to change it. I'll say, oh, this is going to show you. It means change your heart. Just let me know. Change your heart for what? You know, if it decides to go gay. No, he's not. I can stop by the show one day and bring you lunch, but only if I'm invited. The answer is that he is no. No, no. Well, when he's not getting the collar, however, I do hear it in your voice. The butch mean ones are always the biggest queens. Oh, boy. If you want me to pass you my phone, oh, he's got. That's definitely for most Zach crants across the street. Yeah. You know what I mean? Just need you have a wife? I don't know. I don't think so. Zach crants? Don't know. In his pants? Oh, this is a long column. I don't know. It's on our website tomorrow. It's too long for me to read. It's very long. But can I read this one thing? Those the corporates and races they're fond of the mantra. There are some grabs Americans won't do. It's a lie. Americans will do virtually any job if they're painted these some ways. This isn't about immigration. It's all about economics. Industry and agriculture won't collapse without legal labor, but the middle class is being crushed by it by illegal labor. Oh, God. I like this. I might read the whole thing. Do it. It's good. I don't want to do it right now. I don't want to give this whole immigration thing. Okay. It's not. It's not a soft word. It's topic. I don't know. I'm just discussing. Tell us. I'm going to tell you. Dear this. There to be great. Like then turn to get a hair look first and beard to be great. 750. Like Robert Creeper getting hair look. Oh, there's Stephen Harper. Jack. Hey, Stephen. You idiot. God. I got that straight about him. Let me see if I were to put that my up. I'll put that to the top of my pile. Oh, God. Remember I told him about that this morning? Oh, oh. Of course we got to straight about this at the Hadley memo about Bush knew that's the right didn't have. You know, it's that it's what's the point. What is the point? Just keep repeating the same things over and over again and the people out there who don't want to believe it aren't going to believe it. Oh, yeah. Prime target Canadian Prime Minister assassinated in video games. This is from candidate.com. Prime Minister Stephen Harper should hope life doesn't imitate art. We will be cooperating on the shes and the importance. Now, no way to be sure of it. What language is he speaking? Is he speaking in Spanish or is he speaking in prison? Alexis, when he speaks in French. Because you know, they're very fond to do with that here. The politicians like his predecessor, Paul Martin, his name is Martin. He's another frog. I can't be here. Anyway, that guy from Montreal, man. No, no, no kid yourself. It's a beautiful city. It's really not beautiful. It's old and dilapidated is what it is. Actually, and then that's why all the English-speaking people from Montreal are busy coming here now. They don't want to hear that frog crap anymore. They don't want to be persecuted because they'll probably go from, say, to toilet. A new top-selling video game kicks out kicks out, they'll do have good restaurants. With a bang, a few bangs actually, with the assassination of the Canadian Prime Minister, speaking continental, a Spartan continental turmoil that only in a leap group of soldiers can undo. The kicker, the fatal shots are fired as the Prime Minister meets the Mexican and American presence at the landmark summit in Mexico. The same place to real-life Mr. Hopper wraps up meeting with Bush and Fox today. The video game coming appears in Ghost Recon, advanced war fighter, the latest game inspired by a thriller author Tom Plancy for the Xbox 360 system. The game held by some of yours as the best of its kind today to slow them off. Spilled almost 50,000 units across Canada since its March 9th release in his already the most popular game for the Xbox 360, Ghost Recon, advanced war fighter, the real-life Prime Minister's office had no comment on the game. For those thinking of buying a to see the assassination, only you never actually see it. That part of the storyline merely sets up the game. In fact, the similarities between the real-life and video game centers begin in and with the three leaders meeting in Mexico. In fact, they're on the stage there right now. Alain Orchard's thinking don't say it. In the game, the continental chiefs are in Mexico saved us on the North American joint security agreement, software lumber did make the agenda. Things are going smoothly, so Mexican rebels strongly does rendezvous and kidnapped the American Mexican presence, assassinated the Canadian Prime Minister and leave it up for the game player to save the day. The game was designed by Ubisoft, the worldwide firm of the flagship studio Montreal, that influenced 14-year-old people. And no, it wasn't a Montreal or so designed. The game was created in France, ah ha, France and your pants. Eight been for Nendiz Lacy, senior coordinator for Ubisoft and France, Canadian shouldn't take offense to the assassination. Oh, I don't think most of them would. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. The other leaders had the lead to keep the game's tension high. Mexico's president leave the hang around a lot of conflict with the rebels, while the U.S. President had it made life because they leave the episode with charge with the rest of our Americans. Basically, for the game, the Canadian guy was the only one we could actually sacrifice in the story. He said, we weren't being malicious or anything like that. No. In fact, with Mr. Fernando's Lacy, who took a fence at first, because he was born in Montreal and his half-conedian have Mexican. in have Mexican, he joke with the game's greatest about hitting him on two fronts. When he first sent me the scenario, he said, look, you're invading my country and you're killing my Prime Minister. He said, well, and then he thought better because it's a big bucks in there. So there you go. You're going to go out and you can probably get a copy of that for your S box, 360. I can't believe it's 9 minutes till the hour. And I don't have anything. The only things that I want are many, 18 plus and persons 25, 54. That's all I want. Right? All I need, like the temptation said, all I need. Ain't got any. Yeah. What? Ain't got it yet. What do you got? What do you got? A smile or crown and anything. Anybody give me that? Look at the 12 plus numbers and then you ate them right back out of here. 7969 votes on a poll. We need to be close to 800 by the top of the hour. What number do you do that? Well, close. You want to say? No. Well, I'm saying we'd like to get that thousand again. They put some feather in our crowd. I can't. It's got the only thing we got to hang on anymore is those feathers. And by the way, they might actually have the bird flu. How many QAM hello? Chum-vah. She was really good. That it was like isolated like that in the middle of nowhere. Like in the treasure. Which would be good place for him. Clean extraction. Just tragic. Just really beyond tragic. How many QAM hello? Hello, you? Yes, sir. You know, listen. Most of your listeners aren't as well as off as you are. So by you saying that you don't believe in God and that's not helping us. We don't have to throw that. Oh, I see. So in other words, I believe in God. You got more money yet? No. Get out of here. Go back and play with your boyfriends. Okay, if you can find it in your equipment. Do you think they come up with that stuff in the committee meeting or? Oh, I don't know. They're just hanging around, hanging out. Ryan Ling, let's see. I bought your CD in a couple of teachers for a group cause. Too funny. It says, it's not greenfield. It's dream fields. It says, dreamfields, pauses. Great. But do not add out of oil. It stops the pasta. It stops the pasta. And the meat will not stick to the pasta in the fork. Well, I don't know. Seems to work for me. I'm returning to listen to Curtis Stevenson and Worsey had Lenny Martens. Too much red bull or caffeine and more squeaky than guilty. Curtis is squeaky. Why is child? Curtis can't bring a sense together. But I'm taking your breath. I'm going to be three or four words. It's like more scot to speech. I like to be involved in door two to four. Except for Curtis. Kids don't belong. It says, oh, this must be from Robert. Happy 30. If I've listened to 26 of those great years. It's my 51th birthday tomorrow. I'll see April 1st. What do that means? Do you know what that means? I don't know. Regardless. Right. I don't know what that means. Right. I don't know what that means. I have no idea what that means. And this is something. Okay. Thanks a lot. Brian Lee. Whatever you're all about. I don't see any numbers coming in. It's almost noon. This is called untrue. I'm just stuck up in the machine there. You stuck him? Yes. Who's that? Well, that is so sad. From now on, just sweet can. Yeah. Because you're encouraging him by doing it. I'm going to start getting a complex. 777. It's just unfair. It's just nasty. What it is. You know, I mean, Josh Curtis is straight. Isn't there? He's getting 20. Actually, then, you know, I mean, Josh Curtis is straight. Isn't there? He's getting 20. Actually, then, from your females, he's not interested in any of you Faggot's out there. Go away. Very simple. You know, that's something he doesn't have to say. I'll say it for him. I could have said it better myself. Yeah. There you go. So just all your queens go away. Go ahead on somebody else that might be interested. He's not. Because, you know, of course, this is obviously the whole things to put on. Because, you know, with that intent, it would be a fags of bad name. We already got enough of the legitimate bad name. I mean, when somebody says, no, that's all it should take. Once, unless they're really hot, which leaves you out. Okay, let's see what we got. It's been going to hot. I bet they're not going to be too hot. And they've made 18 plus. This is overall. Then, don't see them on a first page. Although, look at the drop that I will be, though, to what we say. Because it's not important that we do well, but to they go in the crapper. Right. And I haven't looked at these yet. So, and you see, this is dropping off at hurricane stuff. So people will want to give me a son as well. Don't talk about the hurricane and the ratings. There were a couple months ago. What do you know, but it's for next month, excuse. Yeah. No, our excuse is we suck. Okay, we admitted. We started doing it. CMQ's, 3, 6, 4 in this trend. They're going up a little every month. Number one, CMQ. No, it's beginning. Guys, we've got no hope. Look at that flat, men. Three, oh, to a three, oh, no change. No change. A human down a little bit. And the test is not listening one of a half an hour. But the human down. Three, oh, three, oh, what about waxy in men? Huh? This is men 18 plus of course, which includes all those old forests, which is probably a radio, my beel do okay. And you have to look at that. Look at that. They're number three now. A radio, my beel. That's I've been last three, but trends. That's me months. Five point of my ass. See, that's why this is no less significant than the men. You know what I'm saying? Because 18 plus means 18 after 100. A radio swab at a Columbia stuff went from a two eight down to a two two out and then I get saved everytime. And for the next few days they're turning their wire brand up off. O-O-waxy, dam? Nice. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Are you going to throw two couplesoldee there? So what's you got already to throw two? They're when they don't get mad. And you had like three Two children. So everyone's on your back. Yeah. So everybody. From a hundred pounding, I'm a radio, I'm America. Scare America, how are they doing? I'm Z. See them yet? I'm here? I'll see that I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm Z. Two seven out of two one down to two. Oh, boy. Drop and drop and drop and drop and drop and drop. Just like those pants. Lung 57 of QNB. Hello, I'm Mr. David Jans of Lamanki. Whenever I'm in Miami, I leave for the WQA. I'm a real officer. 12 to one hour. First, we introduced you to the new Gillette Fusion. Pressure caused the rotation, but the fusion at five planes space closer together for less the rotation than more comfort than now. Gillette brings you the all-new, 25-blade fusion power-extrained plus, throw out that old five-blade fusion and your all-more. That five-blade shaving technology was old, so one month ago, a step into the future was the new 25-blade fusion power-extrained plus plus. I know what you're thinking. Just it really make a difference? Just listen to these satisfying feeling pigs. Cool, the Russian... Oh, no. Great thing, it was the best shave you ever had. Really? I'm following. I caught off my ramps. The only problem is I caught off my ramps. Oh, ho ho. But feel my face. Oh, oh, oh. A trail. Not sure what to say. Oh, yeah, I know. When you feel this razor across your skin and you'll know something's different. You'll have no choice. It all happens with three easy steps. Apply the fusion hydrogeal. Then shave, put the 25-blade fusion power-extrained plus plus. Then, stop the bleeding and run to the nearest blood bank for an emergency transfusion. Hey, sir, we're going to try the new 25-blade fusion power-tune plus plus, the A&M picture. All right, here you go. Oh, there's lots of blades of fire. Oh, look. Oh, look. Oh, look. Try the other side. Oh, look. It's a new 25-blade fusion power-extrained plus plus. Available with CVS, ready to bring the whole into color. Level one and five, six. You get to level the 75-blade's man just to tear your face to smithereens to ribbons. I wish I wanted to judge you as you got to level one. You like the ones with the batteries. Yeah, I get the new one. I got the fusion, the five-blade with the battery operator one. That's what I'm on. Yeah, why keep dealing it to take it into the bedroom. No comment. Anyway, look at his men 18 plus, they parts. Okay, now I scrappily there as we had a good month. We did a five-9 in February. It's pretty good. We're back. Because in the mid 25-54 we probably did well. I don't know yet. But pretty good. Yeah, totally. We're like, okay. And not great. Okay. At least we're back on the map. Back on the radar. Don't play in the hurricanes now for those bad months and October November. WI-D, what is this in the morning? Oh, they took a while up. All right. Back to them. See? That's where they took it too. Look at this. What did I just get to tell you about many 18 plus and I focused at demographic? Is the worst number one. Radio Mambi, all the old three, two, two, three, two, three, oh, as we know you're listening to me, but you're putting that radio Mambi and not fooling anybody. Okay. You're green two, domino, playing old Julios. Kamanista, Kamanista, Bungaron, yeah, we know. Tired and old. That's you. I'm getting old too. I'm getting tired of it. Sick of it. Top is number two. They went zooming up this. This is many 18 plus and a morning. Six three. Where's the hopper on here already? Is that the first page? Oh, God. IOD went from a 5.3 in a fall, which we know is bogus hurricane and then a 5.3 land stand down to a 3.6 from number four to number five to number nine. Look at that rubber creepers probably screaming all the hood. Yeah, yeah, that's the IOD. They suck. Radio Kubea, Lakuba, and he's rising up there. There's, oh, God. CMQ, look at that. Five four. How about Ron and Paul? They had a good many 18 plus and a 1.48 to a 5.3. They're number five. Ron and Paul. They're so tickled with that that's during his off of a regular radio. That's the only chance they got as one's during his off. Let's see, uh, coast, uh, oh, geez. We continue declining in a morning declining. Now, do you want to say extrapolation? You want me to tell you what we did? I can tell you. Do it. Uh, three five and two one is what? 5.6. Okay, do it. Oh, I can't. I'm a wizard at math. 11.5. You'd to subtract 5.6 if you a one nine in February for the Humper. 1.9. Oh, that's six to 10 though, of course. And, uh, oh, in fact, let's take a look at the morning and see how the other us sports as Stasio did. Huh? Let's take a puke at their number in the morning. We got a two five. Let's see Joe Rose and all those high paid guys with those dollar hours spots. What we got. Oh, geez. One nine will one six to a one eight. They're about flat. What about is that where they're going to be? So guess what, both shows are sucking wind if you ask me. I mean, it would be my analysis. They're sucking wind. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. The big one. That was funny. Holy cow. Rose numbers are our pitiful. When you agree? Yeah. So, radio on more does number three in men in the morning and the CMQ. Now, nobody speaks English and I have time for get about it. Okay. That's why we got them little Julio sitting around there with a big drug of gasoline. Who'd have a naked? Midday CMQ. Oh, my. See, here it is. Here, right there in Florida. Midday CMQ FM and men number one with an up from a six eight to a six nine. This kind of seven point seven. They must have had about 110 share in his last trend. CMQ FM. My ass. Who are you, kiddin? And this guy's touting me Montreal where they don't want to speak English and the same itself. Nobody's speaking English. Speaking English. We're going to put you back on a banana boat. Audio illegal aliens, George. Excuse me? I OD went from a distance to joke. A one was seven nine to a six point. Oh, they're going from first to second, but a pretty precipitous drop in the share. I OD all in right wing crap. Radio Mombie five point five. We're a number four still four seven nine or four three up to a five point. Oh, there you go. Now we got a number that counts. The loaves 94, which you know any guys 18 puzzle listen to love 94? Are you king? Madger. He asked us he called the show this morning went from a two nine to a three one to a four four all the way from 13th up to six in this trend. I was going rookie Tiki who told Bob Hamilton the shove and quit playing the tremolo's. Place the music somebody wants to hear once in a while. So yeah, that's our buddy rookie Tiki. They went up and that's mid day. What did they do in the morning? Isn't that when he's on? I don't know. I don't listen to them. Even when I'm there. Sorry Rick. 37 to a three eight. They went up and 10th of a point. And at a boy, Rick slow a slow but sure gets it done by the tortoise said to the here under the cap. How much have we got under the cap? So it's your love when they call on the sport shows. Well, if they can get that I sign him under the cap. Oh, please put the cap back on the sideways side saddle. If you ever see that spot judge for the Houston rockets the kids to the Houston fan. No, never the cap and he turns the cap sideways and y'all mean his shooting free throws. And he makes the first one. The kids got the cap on strand turns the cap sideways and he misses the next one by by like 15 feet off the left. You just throws it off to the sea like the and then the kid is like did I win this cap? Never saw that. No, I haven't seen that one. You better get with it. You better start watching more sports if you're going to work on this station. If you're going to get that big promotion you're holding your breath for. They'll see through many Houston. It's not a fact. By the way, Zack, you've got about as much chance of a hit non-josh as Josh has a good net deal with power. This is actually kind of like straight net. That should spell that out for him. Real clearly. INZ, trio in the fall booked down to a two four down to a one eight radio era America is dropping like a brick like a gigantic rock off the top of the Empire State Building. Waxy, one four one four one seven midday. Oh, they make an amoeuvre or what? No. No way. We got a five. They got a one seven and that's 10 to three keeping mine. So in other words, if we did a five nine 10 to three, that means we did a six something in men in February. We did okay. Like a six fiveish. Like I said, Starky ready for some bonus money again here. It's a month ago when I, huh? Oh, wait till I get it, this start spending it. Okay. Well, that'll be like six months from now. That's right. For maybe even if we do get it. And the afternoon, look at that. There's still number one and I would be. But look at the precipitous drop there. The rushed junior, myster, Schmidt, myster. From a six one and a six two and a one and a two to a four eight. Love four point seven. CMQ four point six. Nobody speak it English. Okay. I think they had to give about $100 to every old tube and it puts down and die. We went over to listen to the two. Then we don't have anybody speaking English. It'll put it, you know, give a dollar to the English speaking people and five bucks. And he got a family of 85. It's like figure that out. 430 bucks. I and Z and the afternoon three nine down with three one to a three one. Who the way? We even know who's on me. I've noticed that the edge. Shouldle sky edge shorts. Okay. I don't know. So what are they saying about this? And they running around like chickens with their heads cut off like with a bird flu? Say nothing. And afternoon Q a m three five and a fall down to a two five down to a two four. Oh my god. And this is post mole now. This is including a month of post mole as in post mortem. Now do you want me to take it with me for the month? See, I can do this because I got my extrapolations. You're not that the audience can get it. You're not going to be. Huh? You got your pack out later. Two four times three is seven two. They did a one eight in February and the afternoon. CMD dog needs to follow me. He doesn't need to follow it revolving. Show that's got no no consistent host with no number. He needs to be found on a two a climb. Don't you agree? Right. You have the revolving. Come on, man. Dog, you can do it. Come on. One for the Gimper baby. Do it. Or if not don't do it. You don't want to do it. They're lying on a blame him. I don't know. I'll show these. Get in pay to fortune to work like two and a half hours a day. Well, these guys are real geniuses, man. Joe Bellon is new crowd that came in. You guys are rocket scientists. And if we let Robert Greenford get around a lot more, we can be down to the just like you're going to do. We can do it on our sports segments. Right? Oh yeah. We can be on this year as we can have fractions. What are the Humper do again in February, quarter mile extrapolation? 1.9. That's what you said. Holy. And then it includes the big O who are nearly from five to seven throws a number in there. I mean, some kind of a number usually begins with some kind of a number. Don't forget the big O at two this afternoon. He didn't do an O K between five and seven, right? Yes he has. And that's because he doesn't have what's his name. I will win back on with him. See, they will. Well, now what's all this other stuff? Oh, 25 to 54. The audience is going to pass out. They're going to start eating green house pot. What? No, no, this is what we want. This should tell you about your money. Don't you? You're money, money like how many are there? Very interested in this. Well, there you go. This is maybe we've got a shot. Let's take a puke at it. Person 25, 54. Because all you have to do is double it. Then subtract like a little tiny amount. Because we don't have any women. Which is not like good and one sense. But it's easy to figure it out. Now in a morning, person 25, 54. Radio on more. See what I mean by. Oh, this is this is the most heavily Julio. Last year for a month, so we've ever had in the history since I've been in this market a hundred years. Julio, Julio, Julio, my God, where are four for our third Julio? Isn't that what the what's in him said? Yeah, Julieta. Yeah. Julieta. Hot 105, 8.7. My God, it's an ethnic nightmare in these numbers. Ethnic. Big 6.0. Look at that. They went up nice to their run role policy. 25, persons 25, 50. EDR. But flat there, they're fourth. WX, DJ, no speaking in glaze. They're number five. They drop and thank God. Thanks God, somebody's dropping. And that no speaking in glaze. God, CMQ FM though. They went up three tens of a point to a 4.6. They're number seven. They're not even a romantic. They're second win. Too much of Luis Miguel, I think. IOD drop and like a big fat border in Colorado. 35 in a fall, 360 in the last trend, 2.4 down to 14th. In a morning in persons 25, 54. And our coveted demo. Where do they how are we for Christ's safe? Oh, Jesus Christ, comfort. Man. 1615, 165, 165. At consistent. See a double it. I mean, we got about a three share in men in the morning 25, 54. That sucks. I'm not going to pull any punches anymore. That blows. How about midday? Maybe we blow in a midday too, huh? Not in the first page. I'll tell you that. No, we're okay. Come on. Move it on up. Oh, we moved on up. Well, that's pretty good. Because double it. You get a seven. So we got about a six, seven, six, eight. We're moving our fan. We'll take it. Sure. It's how beats our one something. Jesus. God. How for what? You can put that air on. Wait. On this radio station. We could put the transmitter making pulsing sounds. You give them it in one share. It's on this radio station. I mean, mo. He's on this. He's on this radio station. He's on this radio station. Come on. I'll put crank it up a little bit. Give her that air on windbag. I keep telling him, please. Please stop. They will listen to me. Oh, God. I just want to plus. But we're going to choke. What an embarrassment. I'll say. I'll say. I'll say. The embarrassment. Right. So that means we got to leave. And of course, that's 10 to three George. So we got like a seven something. I'm thinking. Right. We're going to get some bonus money if we do okay. And March, all you people out there, please come through for us, please. Listen a lot, even if you hate us. Or even a stone. Right. There are people speaking. There are some of you, you're a picture out there that, you know, aren't all over 100 years old. And I've said to the kid out in the company. Please help us out. Because we're up again, man. We're up against an ethnic nightmare in these ratings. All we're going to start doing the show by language. We're going to tell you what the other body was. That's what Zack's hoping for. And by the way, Zack. Just as you went kind of up, made the buy him or anybody. She's just probably way so desperate. 12 13, speaking of desperate. Look at us if we had no treasure, we know it. Oh, good microphone. Fitzride in, you know. Fitzride with his ambiance. Well, still. Do I have some men? If anybody has a pain, young. Possessive. Disenting from our way. There's a name and two does he. He's not. I've been to the sea of the snake. What's going on here? Don't even stop. I took one. Time. Just follow. Who's the snake? Everybody's running. I'm here. I just do a thing. Who's the one? It's the heart of history. It's a little much bigger. There's a lot of people. Everyone comes across the sea. So much, what you're doing? This is for the ocean. Adore your mind. The most fatherland there, the sun. Pass us away. Get out of here. Do you know the cross of the sea? And slid them river those two. Believe me. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Planezion have been everything we carry from the state, the Ragnob. God, solid. Blood Holy Order for the Earth. Reload. Will you have yourblemist come here?wheel comforts and tastings, who is fatter toEntmous today? We can the judge. They won't give us any guidance. Those are two words. Screaming our struggle for anotherect smell. You swear, we're vaccinated by J. Don't be no stupid. Reck them. All the orders will be the match of Paris in Wales. And everybody's turning side here. But just go assay. Don't come to the line for our fleas. Throw us one. What's I thinking? Put around your neck. The safety vest. Okay. Like the bird. God. Did you look at these? Person 2554-37PM? Yes. Read them and weep. Yes. Waxy. 1.8. They're number 21. That's not exactly. I mean, we're at 1.7 in the fall. But, sit at like, treading water. They're down here, like, you know, 15 feet under the water. I and Z, scare America. That's edged shoulder, whatever. Now, there are two or three in the fall. But, that one five under still treading a 1.5 error. America's just about done. Q-I-M, two on in the fall. This is persons 2554. 1.7 in the last train in L-1.5. So, those three, they were like, just a, a hair below. Actually, our humans hired an I and Z. So, how come they got them listed in the bus? I see they have more people listed in the average of, well, how embarrassing. So, if we got be both by Waxy and I and Z and we have two between three and seven. And I would say right now that you people is new, where you're seen, that thinks there is so clever. You're killing one of your most important people, there are only half-none. No, I'm saying. Oh, right. I'm talking about, they're killing them. See, this is they can continue with this revolving door. And it's real cute. We can see they like, two to four is like isolated in their mind. Like it's all by itself. But it's, it's not. They think it's like a separate day part, but it's not. It's different right down my nose. Do you see what I'm saying? I don't want to have some kind of a lead in, baby. Some kind of a lead in. And when the mad dog used to be on a two and have this show was a lead in Houston, maintain it was big, big fat numbers. We were like one big, happy family, baby. We were kicking big fat serious smelly sports talk, ass, and other. But no. No. Then the geniuses came in. Of course this precedes the fruit. This is this current mismanagement crowd that we got. That came about with that whole deal with Joyce, you know, Joyce and Caroline. And making all kinds of threats. And then of course try to keep everybody from going across the street. No, gee, what do we got to do to keep you? And, but in the meantime, what we want you to do this and then don't say this. And just a nightmare, just a mess. Just a mess. And then of course, Greg, like most people who are in their lives, he, you know, they kick his ass out of there. He, high tells it out of the building. And leaves me, how about everybody splattered all over the floor. Like people had massive, like, like, he coal, I like an epidemic of it. Like we're all on a cruise ship. Everybody had wild, he coal, I just left a giant mess on the floor all over the building. Of course, in Eddeling, how would you know the difference? But nevertheless, rhymes with mess. See what I'm saying? Yeah, what do you say? And now these guys think that by putting some 15 year old kid in their program director who's in there with his little buddies, you know, sitting around playing Majong all day or spin in the, spin in the bottle. Is that how tell you what, Joyce turned you down, but I think Robert might go along with it. And clearance. Now the beast he's spoken for, but in his case, would I have what one of touch to that anyway? But I'm just saying, Robert and Clarence might throw on. In fact, maybe he could replace him in the driver, exactly, come in. Yeah, there's another beast to go out. Oh, God, what a thought. Jesus. How could he actually be, how do I don't even say it? I don't want to articulate the words. Forget about it on the year, just even off the year. I don't want to say it. Conjures have such grotesque thoughts in my mind. Anyway, so we did okay. Of course, a lot of that probably I do when I was publishing it, the March 1st, that big anniversary thing, you know what I'm saying? Because it's a day, the December January, February, which spilled over a little. Or maybe possibly on the next one, we'll get the goose from that, the goose to lay the gold. But that's what they do in a killing the goose that laid the gold and egg. Goose managed. When that is nicknamed, it was Goose, uh, was the name, the pitcher, goose, uh, gotsage. Well, how could I forget that? I'm just a sausage. Can't pass up a good goose. Goose gotsage, yeah, I remember him. And we got Goose managed. So if I was mad dog, just have known, and he will be on from, oh, he's not going to be the building. Who doesn't do it? I come in early before the show, before I go back out there, and start punching a few people right in the post. You're killing this man, okay? All of these only on two and a half hours, so he's probably happy. He was, he worked like 40 days a year, he's got like, I mean, what kind of a deal is that? He's going to work like 30 days a year. About 30 man, and that's it. Like, hold on for December, he was gone. For a long husky was sinking and sinking and sinking and since you gone. Remember that? Mm-hmm. Well, I'd have to see that. And of course, that's not any featherman here, camp over there. This is the best you had talking to any trash. Don't be listening to that crap. Because when you got a 1.8, when you're like 21st in a market or something, you can choke up about it or what? Yeah, sounds like a sort of verb. Yeah. Oh, I don't blame you. But you shouldn't be. You should get rid of that, because like we might be, if we get a little kiss, we need a little kiss in March, okay? That's exactly what I'll take care of Josh on that count. Just a little peck on the cheek, how's that? Now, how about like, you know, like a little wave? A little wave? Yeah, I see the window. Hey, yeah, one of the wave. Yeah, or maybe just slip them off one of them. Like, scaly-ed it would add like the fingers under the chin, you know, like that. Of course, we don't know how we interpret that. But see, like, Josh is still writing investigation and everybody knows it's all because of that book, okay? He had been doing squat. And you know, they saw it joke to her, got it interviewed, just to me, to a very good point. They only changed the laws and baseball, the rules. Uh, in 2004, as far as rights. So all of this stuff about what very bonds that, or this one did in 98, you know, from the standpoint of, well, 2000, yeah, that's right. So there are what penalties they began to be protesting in 2003 and started testing with penalties in 2004. Like I just said, I finally got something right. So if they find out that we're doing stuff before that, well, what difference is it make? You know, if they put a gigantic taint on these phony records, but we already know that they're phony, that we don't know all of a sudden have guys like Mark McGwer and Barry Bauds sitting in, you know, 65 and 70, homerons and semi-sosa, semi-sosa, semi-sosa, right. But, oh, now, what are they going to do about it? You understand? That'd be my question about ceiling. What are you going to do about it? You fair right, that's what I'd say though. Look, I'm writing the eye to Jack S. He is what a jerk. I know he's still got that job, Josh. I have no idea. He's got to have naked pictures of guys that room together on the road. And I don't care what that guy from Montreal said. They spot players used to have room mates on the road. Good call, sir. Yeah, well, you're so full of crap, and hockey players still room with guys. They don't have their own individual rooms. Are you crazy? But we're going to understand that in hockey. Lord budget all the way around. Beat Ford has gone mad, it's madness in March all, and why are you so upset about that? Anyway, suppose they are rooming with some kind of rooms. I mean, they're doing something in there. I'm not kidding. What? What do you think? Well, I'll tell you, like, psychotic about that. I mean, they're sure like the supernatural. So the only thing you can talk about, in fact, of these two guys, and you keep me pretty soon that'd be like senior citizens, though. You keep your boots in that age after they're speaking of goose. These two 60 year old guys are swimming in the same room in a high in a motel. Well, what we do in separate beds. A couple inches apart though, that they're pushing together, we've got a long reach. A beach Ford has gone mad, but boy, this is it today. It's the last day of March. It's madness in March, and has been all this month at beach Ford. They dismissed breaking their record in February, so they've been working like crazy to break at this month. Right now, I stand at care for deaf one, 50s. There was always 249 a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a poor credit in 39 months lease. Magnus and March had been, beach Ford means you've got to be crazy enough to take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles, but today is the last day of March, say, better get your ass in there if you're smart. And if you're not in the market for new car yourself, but no somebody who is, send him into beach Ford today because if they take delivery today during this last day of March, beach Ford will send you 200 bucks just for sending them by. The only sadness once a year event for like I said today is the end. Beach Ford madness in March extended care for deaf one, 50s low is just 249 a month. This counts in rebates up to 10 grand and 200 dollars just for sending by a friend. So hurry on in today because this is D day. Beach Ford, 2 miles east of the Golden Braids on 150 3rd Street West, Xihaiway and Squad and Team Baby, you will love your beach Ford experience. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16th, 18th, 18th. The fact that it's a good day. It's temperature is zero. It is cold. It is so freaking cold. I don't care who you are. And I cringe every time the wind blows your ferry. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold I can't let sing. Let's be called if they're old baby. And I cannot feel my cold. There's a feeling in my fingers. And my pride with parts of force. Oh my God. Oh my nose. He's about to fall. There's a cloud. Every time that I call. And my hands are blue. We are stunning home. They might have you dead in my thoughts. Let's be called if they're old baby. I can barely move my mouth forever. I'm a red hot light in the oven. But first I need to be called. Yes I need to be called. Even scary your new is by the way. That's the one. It's the previous news. Many seen from you. I didn't bother looking at the afternoon before. My oversight. I and Z. They're like they're sucking when they got a 3-1 down from a 3-9 back in a fall 3-1 and another 3-1. Next trend like now. But QAM 2.4. Man 18 plus 2.4 type or 20 with WSDJ and 20 second right on our ass. We're actually with a 2.3. Who would have ever dreamed that they could do this to a Mr. Mayor of Mandage? I dreamed it. They did it. With that 2-4 man would they off the air or lead in? Not working boys. Tony right now you better get off the pot and make up your mind. Do something instead of ringing your hands. What would you do? First thing I would do is get a real program to record. Get rid of that triumphant of children. That's the first thing I would do. Listen to me though. I put like an adult in charge. Now when I told Joe Bell when he was right on there before, right to his face. Yeah. And when I said, puts an adult in charge and get rid of this Kenny Core man. Kenny Core radio is okay at the UN. I had a theme about the UN last night that actually was working there like to fill in. Because they were desperate. It was never going to run the board. Enough to drag you into this business. Anyway how we doing now we're going to get our 1000 votes today. Oh please. Please don't leave us for the weekend without a 1000 votes. 838. That's kind of great. We'll do it. Yes we will. And we haven't heardly had it. We had only one addition for the full. We should be compulsory viewing for all Americans. 3rd night 9. 1141. That's well over 50%. The Godfather 132. I didn't know no Godfather. Network 68. That's the correct answer. Will make for column only 50. Because you love your guns. You're obsessed with guns and bullets and shoot and kill and all of these things. Thacker Core is 27. The dear 125. 1984 or 20. Birth of a nation 20. I love the way Bush said that. They would like us to be nation. Business. Come with a win. 19. Born on the 4th of July 18. Roots 15. I had our savings against them. I show on K.T. Many years ago and now he's dead. Great expectations. 3 out of 838. So that's where we are boys and girls. We're doing the black and the black. And then I said that's 10 to 2. We're fine. Not that sensational. We're fine. We're like training water. They're okay. They're drowning. They need the life rest and we're like a training water. Good God. All mighty. These people are they. Are they going to. I mean, is there any sense of like. No. Which leads right into that old. My favorite expression where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Which is Chinese for garnish. Health. WKOM. Hello. QAM. Yes. Last week or earlier this week on that poll. You guys forget our hand culture to see her naked. Yeah. Right. Yeah. He's right. We forgot. There's a monster on our lunch. WKOM. Hello. QAM. Come on. You can do it. Spin it out. When it does. We hear you. We hear it knocking. But you can't come in. That's probably Zach. 5 6 7. That's it. That takes you to the cause. I was going to take a whole story to cause. Now that we got those trends out of the way. Of course the audience is all gone because they didn't care about those numbers. What are all those numbers mean? Not much. Not much. You mean said, you know. Things just mean what they used to be. But then again, what is? You know, when you come right down, what the hell is? Get two guys calling today and taking me for my green fields pasta. Yeah. That was nice. We had rich Shaw on the phone. I was pretty excited. In fact, that was a heart level of the show so far. If you would ask me, what was the highlight? Rich Shaw. Will it be the next highlight? To a clock. For WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. I do. When I first saw your Polish morning, the first movie I thought of was 12 angry men. Okay. Can you have that to it? We sure can. What about injustice for all? I don't recall that one. Would down Pachino? No sir. Okay. Well you ought to see it. Call angry men and justice for all. They both about the jury system and about how, you know, they both have a message. Right? Yes they did. Not a Sicilian message, but never less a message. You know what I suggest you message is. Yeah, I was going to say it, but I'll let you. No, I don't want to say it. Look what brush is she should do for you. Yeah, that's a suggest you message. Oh no, I'm not going to give it to that message like that. Scalia was given. That was a news story, by the way, that I read. No, it was on that tell you. I think he's story. No problem. It was kosher. I checked with Joyce. She don't know her Italian. Although he likes to do the non-bletaliano. WQAM. Hello. QAM. How are you, sir? Okay, sir. I, uh, one of the call for two reasons. One to say one of the movies that I think everybody should see is that moving, the moving about how they rigged the jury with the Gene Hackman runaway jury. Okay. I thought it was a fascinating movie. And also, um, I read this story last week about all the rabbis coming to the aid of, uh, the paper, not. And they were saying, oh, he was such a generous man. And I'm thinking, yeah, no joke. He was ripping all this stuff off. And of course he was giving some money to the Getskies to write him. I'm glad you're back to it. That's right. You back to the, all loved him. Just like when a mobsters were on a hot seat, the church always used to come there, a side to all. Yeah, they never stole a freight train. They were very generous with the church, but to be all that crap, you know. I'm the little one. I can't wait for him. As long as they get their peace, they don't care where came from. And just remember, I don't have any cavities because I don't have any tea. Okay, good luck, you pal. Rince him out. When it got rince him out, that's in some of the original guy. I have no cavities. I have no tea. No, no, no even close. But he's doing a good, uh, he's probably practicing this for a time. Somebody QA and hello. QAM. Uh, hi. I'd like to make a submission for the poll. Yes. Uh, wagged a dog. Goring. 560560. You're going to put that on there. How do we do care? I was all right. So, uh, whatever. No, no, no, no. He just never, uh, bush person, obviously. So, we, there was a shot of Clinton as well as all of it. Oh, it changed us up. You know, we brought a few bombs on a rack or whatever. You see, just subject. Of course, the subject never should have been up in the first place. Who gives a crap about how many, uh, BJs he was doing with Monica, or what else he was doing under the desk? Who cares? What's the good thing this would be? Here's all these dead people now. Twenty, three hundred and twenty six dead Americans, plus countless thousands and thousands and thousands of emancipated Iraqis. They mentioned on the news last night of all things on the NBC news right there on my TV set no less. They mentioned the fact that Iraq now is the biggest mess of any country in the Middle East and that the standard of living there and the condition of the way the people are living day to day in the violence is so much worse than any other country in the whole Middle East. This is what we brought on him. In addition to which, where does my story about the women? See, I got away from my pile of it. It's your fault. I'm sorry. Not my fault. Oh, we had these damn numbers coming. That's more important than anything. Oh, John McCain, by the way, that's sellout he's speaking in Linsburg, Virginia. It's your a foul line. Yeah, I do. Oh, here's the article. Sodom was better for the women. Okay. This is from the Interprest Service. Women were far better off under former Iraqi dictator Sodom who's saying a women's group has found after an extensive survey in Iraq. Under the previous dictator regime, the basic rights for women were enshrined in the Constitution who's on Moss mode from the organization of women's freedom and erectile IPA student interview. The group has a sister organization of moderate and international women's rights groups, even if I want to speak in English. Maud Ray Mayas. Under Sodom, she said women could go out work, you know, to go to university, get married to divorce in civil court. But now women have lost almost all their rights in a being pushed back into the corner of their house. The recent Constitution, which was written under the US government supervision, is very backward and anti-women Moss mode said. They make Islam the source for lawmaking and the main official religion of the country. This and itself means Islam is sure we'll law and according to this, the women will be considered second-class citizens of life, no power, and making decisions over their lives. The whole of Iraq society has been subjected to chaos and brutalizations, you said. Security is absent. All basic services and above all the protection for women's rights is in no way on the agenda of any of the political parties who've been hand picked by the US administration, the so-called installed parliament. Maud Ray is calling for the plummet of a UN-led peacekeeping force and an immediate end of the US occupation. As the crisis in Iraq intensified, what do we do at job on them? I mean for them or what I would it one. As the crisis in Iraq intensified, the groups as women and their families in Iraq face an urge of need for security, functional government and the provision of basic services, with an a human rights framework. Over three years of occupying the situation becoming more dangerous and bleak with the presence of the occupying forces and the more violence and terrorism is in function of Iraq, the more women will fall victims of such climate, TVCAM. This is New Roger's. This is 5168. If you've been right in Iraq, you're a little ran a coup for Faisal. You're probably 300, right above you. What you're going to go home, where you're going to watch your hair, keep your elbows on the famous and pieces of thank you. You're going to be left from the ass post. We're not show-borrowed. The moves of service Mexican regime. Excuse me. I like the conquist of our special. Hey man, you can see whatever you want. Because I am going to get for you. You're not your mom. You're not your mother. You're not the best of anything you want. You're supposed to go back and make it yourself. I was great. And where you going? I'm going to go pick that up for you. Why love dishes, man? So for tax nice, with no respect, it's not your home. Dooms be it for yourself when not your mother. If you're not 45, the big one, we've got the big one. We're going to revolving door. They're killing the animals. I'm going to be a bit of a historical by Tom Harbinger. Who he is. A warmening and best-selling author. He also was host of the next-liciticated daily progressive talk show on skier America and serious. I'm serious. Really? He's also a book's including what would Jefferson do. Alvin Sacrifice and his next book, Do Anthas Autom is called Scrooed. The undercared war on the middle class. And what we can do about it. Scrooed. Today's integration battle, corporateist versus racist and laborers left behind that's to have an ending. Tom Hartman. So he says this also much better than we could. Me, you, Josh. What may be Josh could say better. I doubt it. The corporateist Republicans are fighting with the racist Republicans, and it provides an opportunity for progressives to step forward, but the clear solution to the immigration problem facing America. Both the corporateists and the racist are fond of the mantra. There are some jobs Americans won't do. It's a lie. Americans will do virtually any job if they're paid to these ways. This isn't about immigration. It's about economics. Industry and agriculture won't collapse without a legal labor, but the middle class is being crushed by it. The reason why 30 years ago. But third man. The United States Farm Workers Union Founders Caesar Shava has fought against the legal immigration, and the UFW turned in illegal during his tenure as president. It was because Shava is like progressive since the 1870s, understood the simple reality that labor rises and falls in price as a function of availability. As Wikipedia notes, in 1969, Chavez members of the UFW marched through the Imperial and Coach Alivelli to the border of Mexico. The protest was used to the legal aliens as temporary replacement worker during his strike, joining him on the march for both the Reverend Ralph Abernathy, and he was sent to the Waldermondale. Chavez and the UFW would often report suspected illegal aliens who served as temporary replacement workers as well as those who refuse to unineage to the INS. Working Americans have always known the simple equation, more workers, lower wages, fewer workers, higher wages. Progressives fought and many lost their lives in the battle to limit the pool of labor hours available to the Robert Berrins from the 1870s to the 1930s, and thus created the modern middle class. They limited labor hours by pushing for the 50-hour week in the 10-hour day, and then later the 40-hour week in eight-hour day. They limited labor hours by pushing for laws against child labor, which competed with adult labor, they limited labor hours by working for passage of the 1935 Wagner Act and provided for union shops. And they limited labor hours by supporting laws that would regulate immigration in the United States to a small enough flow that wouldn't have looked unionized labor pool. As Wikipedia notes, the first law is creating a quota for immigrants who are passed in the 1920s and responds to a sense that the country can no longer absorb large numbers of unskilled workers despite pleased by big business that have wanted the new workers. Do a little math. A Bureau of Labor Statistics says there are 7.6 million unemployed Americans right now. Another one in the half-minion Americans are no longer counted because they've become long-term or discouraged unemployed workers. And although the various groups have different ways of measuring it, most of which at least another 5-10 million Americans are either working part-time when they want to work full-time or are under-employed doing jobs below their level of training education or experience. That's between 8 and 20 million on and under-employed Americans many unable to find a book-poverty-work-level work. At the same time, there are between 7 and 15 million working illegal immigrants diluting our labor pool. If illegal immigrants could no longer work unions would flourish, they minimum wage would rise, and older jarcarnations to our South-Wen African front and fixed their corrupt ways. Between the Reagan years, when they were only around one to two million illegal aliens in our workforce and today, we've gone from about 25% of our private workforce being unionized around 7%. Much of this is the direct result as Cesar Chavez predicted of illegal immigrants competing directly with unionized and legal labor. Although it's most obvious in the construction trades over the past 30 years. Stop third man! It hits all sectors of our economy. Democratic Party strategist Anne Lewis just sounded a mass email on behalf of former Wal-Mart boarded directors member and now you are Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton. In it Lewis noted that Clinton suggests we could have and earned path to citizenship for those already here working hard, paying taxes respecting the law and willing to meet a high bar for becoming a citizen. Sounds nice. The same day on his radio for a whim, Rush Limbaugh told a woman who's husband is in illegal immigrant. She had nothing to worry about with respect to deportation of him or their children, because all he'd have to do under the New Law and the consideration is pay a small fine and learn English. The current directors of Wal-Mart are smiling. Meanwhile, the millions of American citizens who came to the position as legal immigrants, who waited lying for years who did the hard work to become a citizens, are fitting in self-adhumiliated and conned, should we be compassionate, of course, but there's nothing compassionate about driving down the wages of any nation's middle class. It's the most cynical self-serving, greedy and sociopathically, heavy-year-old C from our conservatives. There's nothing compassionate about being the national enabler of a dysfunctional oligarchy like Mexico, and illegal workforce in the U.S. ending an estimated $17 billion to Mexico every year, second-old the National Uncombed of that country's oil revenues, supports an anti-democratic anti-worker, type or conservative administration that, you know, briefly shifts out of the nation, they troubles the Mexican citizens, those lowest uniconomic food chain, and thus most likely to present labor unrest to the U.S.A. Mexico and other sending nations need not deal with their own social and economic problems, so long as we're willing to solve them for them, at the expense of our middle class. Democracy and Semple and South America be damned, their profits to be made for Walmart. Similarly, there's nothing compassionate about handling higher profits, though a larger and thus cheaper workforce to the CEOs of mercies, largest corporations, and are now experiencing record profits, construction and agriculture industries. What about caring for people in need, isn't that the universal religious slash ethical value, of course? A few years ago, in my family and I were visiting Europe, one of our children fell sick. A doctor came to the home of people we were staying with visited our children in 11 o'clock at night on a weeknight, left behind a course of antibiotics and charged nothing. It was paid for by that country's universal healthcare system, kind of like when I broke my hand in the Amsterdam, we should offer the same to any human being in need of medical care, it's a universal human right in the U.S. But if I had applied to that nation, I was visiting for a monthly unemployment or retirement check, I would have been laughed out of local government office. And if I'd been called working there, I would have been deported within a week. Karing for people in crisis and need is very different from giving you a job or monthly welfare, checked in on citizens, no nation even though is in central and South America will do that and need a should of the U.S. But if illegal immigrants won't pick our produce or bus our tables when our prices go up, the recent most recent mass email conservative variation of this argument targeting paranoid middle class Americans says, you want to pay an extra $10,000 for your next house? The answer is simple. Yes. But wages would also go up and even factor in housing or food prices and CEO of salaries and corporate profits might moderate fact that levels they were during the golden age of the American middle class between the 1940s and Reagan's Declaration of War on the middle class in the 80s. We saw exactly the scenario played on the U.S. 50 years ago when unions helped regulate and feed in the workforce, 35% of American workers had a union job and 70% of American could raise a family on a single 40-hour week paycheck. All working Americans were gladly paid a bit more for their food if their pay tax were both significantly higher and more secure. This would even allow for an increase in the minimum wage as it did from the 30s to the 80s. But what about repressive regimes? Are we denying infants to this generation's equivalent of the Jews playing Germany? This is the most tragic of all the arguments put forward by conservatives and the hopes compassionate progressives will bite. Our immigration policies already allow for refugees and should be expanded. It's an issue that needs more national discussion in action. But giving a free pass to former Coca-Cola executive Vicente Fox to send workers to the U.S. and that's what we're having to deal with his own corrupt oligarchy and to equate this to the Holocaust is an insult to the memory of those who died in Hitler's death camps and to those suffering in places like Darfur under truly repressive regimes, there is no equivalence. It's frankly astonishing to hear progressives resetting corporate-est racist conservative talking points recycled through conservative democratic politicians trying to pattern the relatively small percentage are recently legal, mostly through recent anesthes or birth immigrants or trying to get the relives into this country by means of Bush's proposed guest worker program where the many variations they are being proposed. It's equally astonishing to hear the few unions going along with this in the sad, sliced, sliced, desperate hope of picking up new members turning their vaccines into chauves and the traditions of history of American progressive and union movements by embracing illegal immigration. Every nation has an obligation to limit immigration to a number that will not dilute its workforce but will maintain a stable middle class if a once-to-a-stable democracy. This has nothing to do with race, national origin or language. Just as a Switzerland with ethnic and language divided areas, it has everything to do with economics. Without a middle class any democracy is doomed, and without labor having through control of labor available, they power and relative balance to capital management, no middle class can emerge. America's early labor leaders didn't die to increase the labor pool for the robber bearings or they whalton family. They died fighting to give control of it to the workers of their era and the hopes that we would continue to hold it, and in fact other nations with the same idea of democracy in the stable middle class. The simple way to do this today is to require that all non-merphygenic immigrants go to the same process to become American citizens or legal workers in this country. No MSDs, no guest workers, no legalizations, regardless of how they got here. The confronting players who are highly legal with draconian financial and criminal penalties and who are firm now while healthcare in the right to provide humanitarian care to all humans is an absolute right for all people within our boundaries regardless of status of paycheck education or subsidy is not. The Republican and Democratic corporate is to want a cheap labor force and the Republican and Democratic races who want to build a fence and punish a humanitarian aid workers are equally corrupt and anti-progressive. As long as employers are willing and able without severe penalties and illegal workers, people risk life and limb to gravity mercenaries. When we stop having entain them, most will leave of their own volition over a few years, and they're ruining a few who are committed to the U.S. will obtain citizenship through normal channels. This is after all the middle class American dream, and how much better the semisphere would be if simple and South Americans are motivated to stay in their own nations because no employer in the U.S. would dare hire them and defied their for a Mexican dream and a Salvadorian dream and a Guatemala dream and so on. This is the historic progressive vision for all of the Americans. What a good call by Tom Hartman, huh? I love it. Yeah, there we go. I'm right. God, I feel like I just said this is kind of the sexual experience all over you. Oh, yes, yes, yes. You tell myself, oh, I was pretty good, you don't think? It was great. You talk to me. Yeah, it's Tom right on it, baby. Yes, of course. Yes, that they're all pandering and pandering right. Yeah, it's the one in my face. It's just like these raises that we keep getting out. We're screwed, baby. We've got a chance. In fact, I think that what we're doing on this show, especially a lot of the current regime is miraculous. It's beyond miraculous. I say, we all get a huge raise starting with George and Josh. And then we, oh, maybe through the ceiling. Huh? Yeah. Eight hundred and seventy eight votes. You know, we better get one. The red can make that thousand eight seventy nine. You folks are slack enough to probably listen to me for that ponders reading that long Call of my Tom Hartman. He, no, Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. I'll tell you that. What do you see on our got eight seventy eight? Eight seventy eight. Eight seventy nine. My head of you. Uh oh. So we need a hundred and twenty one and the next hour and four minutes. And we better get it to go into the weekend without making that thousand votes no matter what we did in that book. And you know that I'm telling you that two to four is killing us. And this isn't there. But it be. But like their hands inside behind their back. Like this. Like this. Like their frozen in time. Like their insistent and animation or something. This. It's question. One question. What are you going to do about it? It's very. Clarence. We got. Okay. Just got the rail. And when I'm up and about, can take us, laughing all the way. But they didn't listen around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two of us. Yeah. I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers parent balance one to two hours. More. Bit more. Ah. And I was really happy about the. Oh, be it. yes, no, I know it's not easy. Well, good job. That's what I'll do. yes. Okay. So. We can order Legiez not far away. Oh you should gotta wait a little while on the desk, you vlog. You can do a lot of not much Everest Ocean buddy? But you look like you kilos Coester Angles is a places where you don't get hesitant to catch anything. You can adjust the color, go to your horse, visit your store. I'm gonna straighten your fat ass out. Well, I'll take the boat out of you. That's right. Watch your fat ass. I'm going to a right moment. Don't move. Don't burn your fat ass. Watch your fat ass. Watch your fat ass. I'm going to a right moment. Don't move. Watch your fat ass. That's it. What do you say? I'm going to a right moment. Don't move. Don't move. Don't move. Watch your fat ass. Don't move. Watch your fat ass. What are you doing with your butt? I'm going to a right moment. I'm going to a right moment. You have to do it. I've got a right moment. I've got a right moment. You have to do it. What are you going to do about it? You're going to do it. Eight hundred eighty five horses. Well, I think today we're like, really up against it. I thought we were going to slide what I'm in the new. I got a seven. And then I read that pond research article from Tom. I thought it was a great article. It was a great article. It was a great article. It was a great article long. It was sensational. It was a real one of the best I ever read. What? Really again. Yeah, we were just walking down there in one's and who's with everybody else. Why the hell should we be big shots right? I don't want to say that. I was going we got a chance. Let me tell you right now. I don't want to start giving ultimators to these people. But I think our music shows starts on Monday. The next thing that I was serious at the last time I said that they're pretty little panicky. Oh, a Neil spreading the play music. I think we might just play music. Coach for music, I'm sure. Yeah, the kosher kingdom. Coach for. Or and in where we now now we'll throw in. And still get the good numbers in those four shows. You see the problem is narrow casting. You're already like looking for a little slice of the pine. Now basically what's happening is it's divided into, you know, right. Maybe some parts of the, we got a little bit more. They got a little bigger piece. Whatever, but it's just divided into. It's not going to expand, okay. There just aren't these growing numbers. By the way, right, Perry was talking crap. This giant number of sportsers. And by the way, speaking away Perry, where's my Marlins tickets? That's good question. Opening day, well that's a roguine. What's the opening home game, Josh? I love it. Oh, the other hydrating the way. So next week, I want to make sure that we get those in George can like, Neil and my house. I don't know if I could just shut them all away up there. You know what I'm saying? What he said? No, I'm just saying make sure that they get to my house to my, whatever. No warehouse. Somehow. I'll, uh, I'll call Dave and have them meet me. Dave and I nothing to do with it. Okay. I know. I don't get some of the tickets in certain people in Ed building, where I shop them all up for themselves, you know? I'd rather anybody got the tickets. I don't care myself. Neither. Couldn't care if the models never played. They got to know the concept of the entire. This whole sports thing, man. It's like a, like a disease. Oh, 85. If we can get up to 900, about the next time I refresh this, we might be okay. Because Josh is counting on us. Okay. I'm counting on it. Now, seriously, I mean, here we are. We got to number. The only one on a station. I mean, what? The number there in a morning with I love Hank. Don't keep me wrong because I know some of you are all here. He goes, I'm not. But those numbers that he's pulling in their man. I mean, I, I'm serious. We could for like a grandma, Moses farting on the earth. Joyce wouldn't prevent it. And we can get better than one shares. Well, what is that? A one nine in men? That's incredible to me. Incredible. They're embarrassing. You know that nine of that. But so they couldn't leave it alone. What did I say when we had the more early in the morning and Joe Rose and E to 10, and we were doing 10 to two and then mad dog two to whatever. And then Hank was on the afternoon and kicking ass. Everybody was kicking big fats, smelly old ass. Sports and otherwise. Sports and on sports ass. And now. Now. Because Greg Reid and the beesleys couldn't leave it alone. And we went through the forwell nightmare and the Howard Stern nightmare. And all this other crap. And we're still like a pirate station that license. Because these people are above there. The experts. We know nothing. Zippity do do do do. We know zero. I do know one thing. And that is that you can't have a bunch of children running a major market radio station. It doesn't work, Joe. Okay. So some of you need to get somebody's thumb out of the Rass and like get with it. It's already the first of April tomorrow. No fool. And this business about. Wow. I just barely got my feet when. Yeah. Well, stay out of the damn pool. Okay. You won't get your feet so wet. Put on some shoes. Man. Charles. Come choose. Charles and choose. The good. Let's talk about candy bars. Let's play the candy racket. That'll wake these best. You're up. 9.0. 4. See. I told that. Refreshed 9.0. You excited? No. And I'm going right back to my pile. Okay. I've wasted a lot of time. Good. Main says beauty turns attack beast. This is on the front page of the New York Daily News. Smiling for the cameras Naomi Campbell, guy, guided along the sidewalk shortly after Legally bashing a crystal and crushed blackberry against the head of our housekeeper. You have been bitch. The can't take risk catwalkers should get inside or park Avenue Pen House, apartment Accusing or made. Anis School of Eno. At least doesn't sound Mexican anyway. A stealing of pair of $200 chip and pepper jeans, or what's this said. Oh, chip and pepper jeans. I never heard of that in my life. Did you? No. Do you know what? Do you know what? Hit them to the clothing scene. Chip and pepper jeans. That a Harlem member. Raging. Campbell cracked a blackberry against your housekeeper's head. The eight o'clock in the morning. Then demanded her staff tell cops. The 42 year old made it hurt herself falling. Oh yeah. It was an accident that somebody got hurt. And the Sunni was supermodel, servant alerted officials at Lennox Hill Hospital. And soon, police arrived at Campbell Street and had many dollar apartment to haul her ass away. Campbell 35 and 60 year old no idea what cops were talking about and showed them a football not the blackberry supposed to prove sources said. But the cops cuffed her. Disappointing an Oprah Winfrey Camer crew waiting to film her for a cooking segment. Oh yeah. Oh yes. I'm going to read that last sentence again. The cops cuffed her. Disappointing an Oprah Winfrey Camer crew waiting to film her for a cooking segment. Oprah, you bitch. Ever the diva, Campbell hit the handcuffs under a white fur poncho. Sources that she also asked her wife to own car of the police station house and then pause this her minions big cops to let them fix her bangs before she was escorted outside. The requests luckily were denied. She told her people to lie to say that they had tripped in her head. A police officer says, he's her staff is terrified of her. A phratial go off on them and the loser paycheck. Campbell, as his fear allegedly beating and headbutting her help, was questioned for hours if in hand in her threesome station house. Flank by cops she emerged before p.m. the same flowing poncho. Blacks swayed boots dark sunglasses in a baseball camp. Looking to see what it says on the other, the verse says, BRAS SIO on the baseball camp. What does that? Sorry. Flank by cops she emerged. I just said that the purple walk turned runway shoe was kept even more than 100 photographer together to see the former sports illustrated swimsuit model. A source said the blackbird used in the attack was in case an a civil horse key crystal holder in the featured civil bobbles. The blackbird wasn't recovered. It featured bobbles, bangles, and beads. By the Kirby stone for our vets are little chicken neck members. By the way, he get my check in or not because he hasn't catch you. You get nervous. I wasn't told me. No, I know because it's certainly on the way. I bigger part of our accent. Campbell called the outgays that she attacked her housekeeper completely unthoo. She is saddening the stake and she thinks she can extract money from me by conducting lies. Are we accepting old stories of supermodels in this statement? I've asked my lord looking to find both theft and extortion charges against her. Right. Campbell said she had question asking about missing items and fired her for that. That and her erratic behavior. Campbell was charged with assault could face up to 70 years in prison of convicted. During her brief court appearance, a judge denied the prosecution request for $3,500 bail. Judge Richard won, Ferguson ordered her protection against Campbell and released her on her own reconnaissance. He also allowed her to keep her passport so she could leave today in a scheduled charity trip to South Africa with Nelson Mandela. Surrendering her passport would never be unfair to her but to the children's South Africa, her lord David Breitbart said, Scolovino a birth and got four stitches to close that gash on her head. Meanwhile, Campbell's ex-assistant Annie Costello 33 scoffed the models and nails. She was attacked by Campbell in 2004. She abuses people, castell to them. Somebody's got a stopper before it's too late. I think like that. God, all these people would money man. They think there's stuff don't stink. Well, guess what? It's probably even worse because she's eating all that gourmet stuff. No doubt. Tricking up says yes and he said, you a thank you note in the media. No, you don't need to thank me just I just want to make sure because when you're sitting checks for millions of millions of millions of people. I take care of my people man. Just because you mentioned that much is take care of your judge next week too. Not the way that's actually in can either. That's been a fail, okay. Oh, it depends on what I send him. And what he does with. See what with a kid. He's a people, Josh. You know, they like craft because he's part of this show. I hope you were prepared for that. I hope George. I've learned it on that. Said it's a double-edged story. I wouldn't know. We got our perks, but everyone's going to be like that. I said, I'm thinking maybe things are going a little bit tight with bad days of woodbine. What do we say now? I said, I just joking. Oh, brother. Why is it always like that? It's been that way since before I even came into building was that way. I think you said the stage for George, but I know it was that way even at the other place. But not like it is. I think I connected with his show is the way. We have it on this station. See, there's a different deal because we're the anti-sports show. See, we're not partly sports fraternity with the balls and the bats and the jocks drafts and sniffing OJs, but not all that crap, you know. So we're like the anti-sports, the anti-sports and anti-sports and anti-neal. And you put that all together and we're like the word the odd man out. So this business Joel Bell gave me. I was going to take care of you guys. You guys, you need to care me all right. Got off that big economy size jar of Vaseline. It took really good care of you. Yeah, but I do. I'll use that turler. Yeah. Now as many came into this morning, I told him right to his fat little face. Get some adults in there. Get rid of this kitty core you've got. I tell you, Clarence must have snapped some really nasty naked pictures as some of the people in it and it's got to be. It's got to be. How else could him and Robert still even be there. At least at least at least is good for a few last months in a while and some good rumors. Sports, parents and Robert and a mad one. And by the way, you noticed when Joe Rose came back on his station and was doing very well the right to ten thank you before we turned his son across the street, which was an idiotic mistake. You know, he didn't want Kelly on a show no more. That's their most sensualy pack in, and he didn't want no more Kelly. Remember that? And so did very well. It sounds gullty. In fact, you'd better without Kelly than they ever did with our worst team crab. Anyway, the top US hurricane expert said yesterday that this year's hurricane season is likely to be stronger than average. Those short thanks, thanks God. Oh God. Of the record, 2005 season. You know, we're still trying to put the pieces of Will Love back together again. I'm sure you're aware of that. You are in so everybody else. Yeah. It will be an unbelievable, and by the way, my neighbor, if you're going to send a, if you're going to send a, you know, a pool screening guy over to us, don't send somebody is going to like, nail a cross up there on a house. We don't want no Jesus alone there. Okay, we don't want no statues of Virgin Mary. We don't want no baby Jesus. We don't want no crucifix under there. I'm going to, I'm going to, when I next time I get 10, I'm going to nail him as this honor doorframe. This doesn't so peo to those people. Put him religious tracks on our doorstep. God. Anyway, Max may feel good old Max. He is just heard hundreds of matter. He says it would be an unbelievable record. Have another season like last year. It says not very realistic. On, they leave hand, unacceptable too. We can't deal with it. He warned that this year is hurricane season, which officially begins on June 1. It might be stronger than average though. I think everybody's going to say we're going to have an above average season here. May feel full news conferences, San Juan Hotel and part of Torico. We don't have the numbers worked out yet. A record 27 tropical storms formed in 2005 with seven becoming major hurricanes, including four that may land fall in the USA. Representatives from 25 countries in the Caribbean and North and South America meant the Puerto Rican capitalists. They discussed hurricane preparedness and sharing data to help improve forecasting. The nation not Noah and the arc and the national centers for environmental production will release their official hurricane forecast May 22, which might be a little more accurate than those witch's, softest and fortune tellers and cycles that we had never that story yesterday from Vegas. Kind of silly crap. Although I saw it with Trudeau about how it would have come out to it. They did the developed ambulance with a big crane in it. That's that's bad. That one was a true story. It was to help people 600 pounds and more in case they had emergency a problem. It's what it said. And on the heels of that World Record, Guinness Record, the breaking buffet, you know the hopper when he gets to those buffet's man. That's incredible to me. Now you don't take Noah blood sugar. In fact, if we could get his ratings as high as those blood sugar numbers. This is new blood sugar. You take him to bad ass. He's a little crazy. Why do you trust him? He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. He's a little crazy. That's incredible to me. Sounds like aogram inland. It's a very old assimiled dream of a non-produced world. This is a pretty human being. This is a pyrasmus friend, where's that horrible inside of us? what's going on here I'm 20, we're better get with it and you know how we can do it get over that thousand money to little help we didn't put our heat this pool on there oh geez and also known the above and I got another one David does Dallas for there's Are you joking me? What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans? None of the above. I hate this pool and David does Dallas. You're asking me if I'm for serious? Yeah, that's probably because you haven't seen that movie. You right with bandy woods, but you better get you better get cracking those old-time portals had a lot of hair, you know. I'm telling you right now They don't wake them like that no more. I know they shaved out is and Somebody would say if you're gonna put a port and like deep stroke. Well guess what? Nobody wants to see a man port on movie. I put more hair on the bathtub. Yeah Anyway Scott Pierce writes this review of teachers teachers gets an F somebody facts to send I saw it and this review was Spot on as they say and spot on down You're underwear Teachers' assort of hard-washing brain writes Scott Pierce's accommodates one of his kind of Ronnie Pierce Comedy that's full of attractive relatively appealing actors that's handsomely produced in a pretty good idea a workplace Comedy featuring a bunch of teachers in a public high school. Well, it's hard to explain how teachers could fall so flat Calling tonight's premiere. Now let's see. This is a Tuesday marks so I need so it's as fast as it is sorry a Civcom would be giving you too much credit. There's definitely a situation but there's pressure bill in the way of comedy Just in Barthus stars as Jeff an English teacher at film or high school in New Jersey He's a smart alicou spends in an ordinary amount of time hitting on a female colleagues and pretending he doesn't much care about his job But it does of course. He's a great teacher if only he told great jokes If you've clunk this paper you've clunked the class. The elf tells us do and let me tell you why that's a bad thing because I'll be cheating myself out of education Student replies. Oh, yeah, that's for sure Jeff said but it also creates a mountain of paperwork for me and really each into my not doing paperwork time This is treated as hilarious by the landfrak accompanying the lines although teachers we're showing a front of a studio audience almost all the last time like the can variety no surprise there Round of got the case is Sarah Alexander was a dedicated teacher Alice who's the primary focus of Jeff's amorous attention beyond Richmond this feels best friend Calvin Sarah Shahi Estina the hot new teacher was a secondary focus of Jeff's amorous attention radio hell host Phil Henry as dick. Oh, that's for sure the burnout long time teacher Matt Winston has missed the nerd and Cali Rocher as principal Emma Wiggins They all do the best they can which in the case of Henry isn't much but the material is so weak they can make it better Are you sure other than the tool lack of anything resembling actual comedy the biggest problem is that no they characters ring true Good TV shows make you believe the characters are real people watching teachers is not watching a bunch of actors trying to split a pull this off and they can Here's a surprise Okay, not really for anyone who's ever heard Phil Henry's radio talk show the man absolutely could not set up during the January press to recession presenting teachers to TV critics Which is not to say that he should have remained absolutely silent. It's nice when the people being asked questions provide answers otherwise it's not much of an interview But the one thing to remember is the people being asked questions Henry black on and on whether the questions were directed him or not Often interrupting others on the panels will as critic says the questions the man was so desperate to be the center of attention It was scary and sad are you sure I knew we were in trouble right at the start and be see show critics puts of the show all we have seen at that point and there wasn't much laughter in the room to what we were supposed to be hilarious bits Henry turned cheerly to instantly yeah, woo try to successfully lead laughter as suggesting we were too tired to find it funny To T wasn't the problem and we did however quickly become tiresome utterly oblivious to the fact that the more he blabbered on the less likely anyone would want to talk to him Let's just think that I'm just a cranky complaining critic is more than just that at one point Matt Winston tried to stop and we say I'd like to speak for myself about his character Even that didn't stop Henry so once that it be quiet just be quiet nothing could stop the guy you mark my words by the hundredth episode Oh, yeah, you got to want to know me and sister I'm likely on both counts says wow Oh, no bomba you can smell it and the essay roll my was going really you know When a bomba I's gone Phil okay, that's what God we got will punish you for turning us so far to the right and being a total phony and backstabber That's what we thought I didn't was that I would deeply me Rick and so it's me we all found it out you Oh, yeah, they didn't show up to talk to me right That's it. I think it one thing you can think Brian caution at lawsuit for being whatever he's doing Now nine hundred and forty three votes on the pool. We got a realistic shot. We got thirty eight minutes. We need like less than two votes a minute. Can we do it? This is another one of those nail fighters. It's a Friday. You see now. Let me ask for what there's something going on Easter is when Easter is like in a couple of weeks, right? They're about Fourteen looking at our family and it's 60 and anyway, but there's there's something going on now I'm not really sure what it is. It's a little same to the world we have all by the way. Book of Brian was on this thing before did you hear me? No the first guy the families in nine eleven victims the first guy was broke a Brian's twin brother. You would I I heard you talking about something And I put it on but I can he was over you. It's all right What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans we have nine hundred forty three votes? See that we does well as is already got a pair That's because baby woods had a attractive pair You even know who baby woods is do you I've seen this Mr. and I don't don't poo poo Bamit was until you see the good so So what is that has to do with anything? It was doing portals before I had any hair if he had it all Okay Fair and nine eleven four hundred seventy one just under fifty percent of all the votes of which we got nine forty three Let me refresh and see if we get to nine fifty here What we got nine forty seven. Ooh Godfather 146 I mean if you don't see the godfather you just know so little about life I mean I really can't answer the question why but there's just something there a whole lot of stuff there Well, you can't say anything about movies if you haven't seen the godfather right that's the young Network 84 if you fell asleep during that work We just did the one and Oya and probably wants to new check Rolling for column by fifty eight clockwork or corn study four nineteen eighty four thirty one The dear hundred twenty nine birth of a nation twenty two Gone with the win twenty one frankly my dear screw you born on the fourth of July 19 after that Debbie does now this has got four now look how that's moving up fly told you I'm gonna get it in cinnit. Okay great Expectations for our heat is full one only one right away jury one not the above none and just this for all none 12 angry men none Now how is that possible? And just I mean 12 angry men, you know, it's an old movie, but it's very good. He'll be fond of like a cast of fantastic But injustice for all I mean granted it was no the center of a woman too But it was a pretty damn heavy duty stuff you don't think And you love that movie I saw it over here somewhere he goes You know, you're out of order the whole system is out order and then my favorite is longer into the judge and says what are you gonna do about it? You fare that's my favorite Now that's another one. We ought to put on there two Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Oh, I agree Because it's not so anybody's ever either worked with sales people or you know, or I'll never ever met one Oh, man, I remember today we could have actually been played that. That's why it's in there. Maybe we actually did play it one time Sure, we did Well, that's America there ought to be an activist next to our numbers and these are our arbitron crap You know how to be an asterisk this is post the joys area You know, we can't even make up a little raspberry on here and here Tommy's been doing for it So what was the main percussion from that by the way? He gave a couple of tongue-lice and the flip with a noodle Oh, yeah, they did Well, we like Tommy a lot of Tommy's good people. Okay, now who's he he enjoys a matter of fact I bet your bread would have it over scraped on if somebody showed him on our website to picture where and who is the who's the broad? Is it like our it's got to be a real person? Yeah, it's real pretty. You're lucky at like a turkey bone. That's our band me I think Andy Woods They're doing a What did she did? Yeah, they're doing a turkey wishbone deal there. You should see this picture We can't put other website anyone. Okay, well, I was probably doing that for a graphic overnight show We know it's right here in the middle of the day. I'll be damned 957 we'll get that thousand and we'll all go to have them when you say What's up with bro? 26 past one we got the big oh Sav't know between two to four anybody wants it in two to four like at a regular five day week just you're up in the door Please somebody Rogers He's five He's for the home You All including 180 I think for the immigration sz point everybody who listens to a non-English language radio. Okay, see ya, ma. Oh, yeah, like I said. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, that works for you, I guess. I gotta go see her this weekend. Why? To birthday. Oh, I love the data. Birthday. Yeah. I just, I just mentioned that. Hmm. Nine hundred and seventy votes. We're gonna make that thousand year. And press by that or what? And Debbie does Dallas has nine. How do you like that? Carl Roe, President Bush's chief alert of the adviser, cautioned other White House aides in the summer of 2003. That Bush's 2004 election prospects will be severely damaged if it was publicly disclosed that he'd been personally warned that a key rationale for going to war had been challenged within the administration. Roe of express his concerns shortly after the informal review of classified government record by then deputy national security adviser Stephen J. Hadley determined that Bush had been specifically advised that claims he later made in his 2003 state of the United rest that Iraq was pure curing high strike aluminum tubes to be lay nuclear weapon. Two might not be true according to government records and interviews. Hadley was especially concerned that the public might learn of a classified one-page summary of national intelligence estimate specifically written for Bush in October of 2002. The summary said that although most agencies judge that the aluminum tubes were related to a uranium enrichment effort, they state to burns Bureau of Intelligence and Research and the energy departments in intelligence Brad believe the tubes are more likely intended for conventional weapons. Two. Three months after receiving that assessment the president stated without qualification and is still the union address January 28, 2003. The British government has learned that suddenly was saying recently saw significant quantities of uranium from Africa. Our intelligence sources tell us that he's attended to purchase high strength aluminum tubes suitable for nuclear weapons production. Two. They previously understood as reviewed by hadley was part of a damage control ever launched after former ambassador Joe Wilson, alleged that Bush's claim regarding the uranium were not true. The CIA had said well so that the African nation of New Year in 2002 to investigate the reported procurement efforts by Iraq, he reported they were most likely a hoax. The White House was largely successful in diffusing the New Year controversy because there was no evidence that Bush was aware that his claims about the uranium were based on faulty intelligence. Then CIA directed George Tenet swiftly and publicly took the blame for the entire episode saying that he and the CIA were fault for not warning Bush and his aides that the information might be on flu. But hardly another administration official realized that it would be much more difficult for shield virtual criticism for statements regarding the aluminum tubes for several reasons. For one, Handleys reviewed concluded that Bush had been directly and repeatedly apprised to the deep ripland of the intelligence community over whether Iraq wanted a high strength aluminum tubes for a nuclear weapons program or for conventional weapons for another. The president others in the administration had said that the aluminum tube is the most compelling evidence that Saddam was determined to build a nuclear weapon even more than the allegations he was attempted to purchase uranium and finally, full disclosure of the internal decender with the importance of the tubes, but of almost certainly raised broader questions about the administration's conduct in the months leading up to the war. Presidential knowledge was the ballgame since the former senior government official outside the White House who was personally familiar with the damage control effort as they said during watergate, what did the president know and when did you know it? Aha! The mission was to insulate the president was about making an appear he wasn't in the know. You could do that on these years. You couldn't do it with the tubes. F***! Cube! A Republican political appointee involved in the process who taught the Bush of administration at a Constitutional Obligation to be more open with Congress said this was about getting past the election. Most troublesome to those leading the damage control effort was documented we have in itself be it in highly classified government records that might be able to keep secret that the president had been advised that many of the intelligence community believed that the tubes were meant for conventional weapons. The one page documents known as the president's summary are distilled from much lengthier national intelligence estimates which combined the aim of the nation as many as six intelligence agencies regarding major national security issues. Bush has knowledge of the state and energy department to send over the tubes as disclosed and a March 4th 2006 national journal story more than three years after the intelligence assessment was provided to the president and some 16 months after the 2004 presidential election was stolen. The president's summary was only one of several high-level warnings given to the Bush and other senior administration officials that symmiest dances is to the wealthy intended to use to be tubes according to government records interviews with former criminal officials and a co-zahs on our website. Insulating Bush. Speaking of a very civilized people and speaking about what's dot, remember they were talking about the Indian women with the dots? Yes. A doctor of an India has been jailed for revealing the stress of female fetus and agreeing to abort it as the heavy moves to enforce tougher laws that it designed to curb the widespread practice to make for my parental preference for male children. How can they have a vision people there when they just they don't want any women? I don't know, I'll catch up with them soon. I'm sure. Dr. Ainal, whoops, a bigger partner. A N I L, Dr. Annel, subcenty, Ainal. That's his name. Sure. He's Dr. Ainal. I'm sure you know maybe those. I just saw a real honest was jail for two years yesterday. He was probably after he told him undercover investigation that she was carrying a female baby that that it could be taken care of. Although abortion is legal in India, gender testing on fetuses is not. It's not. Many of the parents routinely choose to terminate pregnancies if the child is a girl because they are seen to be a financial burden. Well, they have to have those dowries, you know? That's right. Remember the father dowry of the streets with Tom Bavri? The result is that they're only 927 women for every thousand and injure and the number has been steadily falling for years. Some of those young Indian guys, let me tell you. I guess they haven't been around women that much. Maybe just mommy. Hey, listen, don't knock it in well. Cheating at me. Oh, no taxes. Almost as bad as cheating on your mate and smoking pot isn't as bad as drinking to excess. And that could lose for you? That is. Now see, there's you and Josh, Josh, who's a big drinker and you're a big, you well. Go on to pot. And it says here, smoking pot isn't as bad as drinking to excess. That's what across section of Americans reportedly Pew Research Center's latest social trends that he released this week in Washington, D.C. I'll just start smoking a lot of pot. There you go. Georgia, I hope you have. I know you won't. Now he won't. Now let's see, you have some good bucks. Well, maybe we'll need to get that check from Book of Brand. It is so sad what's going on in that place. It is so freaking sad. You know, I might, I might just next week, like I said, time to go on strike. Because these people don't seem to want to get off their stuff, you know what I'm saying? Get off your stuff already. Not that stuff. They just don't seem. And this, what do I tell you a couple of months ago? This business about, well, how can we do worse than Moe did with a one one? Well, God, I got news for it. The contest isn't to see whether we can do worse or not. The contest is to see we can put somebody on in there who can actually get a number higher than a one or a two or higher than this lower, well, it's welcome, guys. We do a one or two and a three. And I'll see two many a three. Anyway, the survey sought to present a blunt test about Americans think is more of I'm measuring the responses to 10 questions. It recognized that questions of morality are generally sophisticated and complicated. The survey did not measure intensity of feeling. Churchments about right and wrong are by nature profound in real life of a nuanced and situational. By contrast, the survey question is a blunt instrument that we search center in a citizen's report. Even so, the alignment of responses to the questions points an interesting portrait of contemporary American so-called morality. Aren't you interested to find out what your fellow Americans think? That really, nah, I'm not either. On the surface, the study was questioned over 1500 people last month presents a fascinating set of contrast on questions of moral behavior. The few researchers sought to create a barometer of modern morals by rank in the 10 issues. I mean, I should talk to Dr. Ailder and India. At the top of the list, 88% of the respondents said American people having an affair was wrong. Well, see right off the bat, I think that's crack. Three percent said that would be morally acceptable. 7% said that Delta is not a moral issue. I'd say I think it's not your business, right? They're like that. It's okay as long as the other one don't find out. That's right. And so long ago, bringing anything unwanted home, no surprises at two. And then, of course, some people at home would give you something unwanted, well, George. Second, on the list, 79% said it was not more of a holdback and reporting income and income tax forms, because 5% said that it was okay, 14% said it wasn't more or less you. And one percent said it depends. I think June Allison said that. Number three on the morality scale was drinking too much booze, George. 61% said drinking too much booze was not moral. You pervert. Well, 5% said that it was okay. 31% said it wasn't a more or less you in two percent said it depends. Depends on what kind of booze you drink. That's right. That's right. And it was paying for it. Right. Fourth on list was having an abortion. 52% said that would be morally wrong. But for a sense that abortion was morally acceptable. 22% was not a more or less you're living for a sense that it depends. A lot of the depends. Smoking pot was number five. After respondent says smoking pot was morally wrong, which means more people oppose excessive drinking than opposed smoking pot. Only 10% said pot smoking was morally okay. Well, 35% said it wasn't more or less you. And 4% said it depends. And how many seasons got it. Homeosexual behavior was also viewed as non-moral by 50% would 12% saying that it was morally acceptable. 33% saying it wasn't more or less you. And 1% saying it depends on what you do in a wood. Telling a lot of spares someone's feelings with you is not more by 43% with 23% saying that would would be moral. 26% saying it wasn't more or less you and 6% saying it depends. 6% between unmarried adults boy Josh has got a lot of problems in here. Without worrying about you, Zach. 6% between unmarried adults was you. There's not more by 35% with 22% saying it was morally acceptable. 37% saying it wasn't more or less you. And 2% saying it depends on how hot they are. The same number said gambling wasn't more with 17% saying it was morally acceptable. 42% saying it was not a more or less you and 3% said depends how much you lose. Over eating was last on list with 32% boy I got my own issues on this one too. I guess I got 32% saying it wasn't a moral issue. 6% said it was more. 58% says it was not a more or less you and 3% said it depends. 32% said it was moral. It's immoral to eat too much. I guess it depends on what you're eating. Right. While the numbers are interestingly may not say much about behavior, other than a lot of people probably feel guilty about something. The eternal revenue service is the overall noncompliance rate is about 16% that cost something my 345 billion dollars a year with nearly 200 billion that amount coming from under reporting of business income. Having an affair might be roundly condemned to report noted but other survey showed at least 15% of those ever married have had sex outside of their marriage. 20% of men in 12% of women report that kind of behavior and whole bunch of them lie like crazy. Men are more morally disapproving homosexuality than women although both of them have similar views on abortion. The older more disapproving homosexuality than the young. Oh yeah. All the old trolls that I see around. The older the young has similar attitudes to abortion. For cataly abortion is more and more than homosexuality. Well the priest I believe you hear that. Nared people are also more disapproving of abortion and unmarried. Conservatives frequent church growers might even evangelical Christians and those ages 65 and older are in majority saying that eight or more of these behaviors are morally wrong and they're probably doing at least nine. This is Neil Rogers. Petophile. Description of pollution. Is this the button for the ball? Okay. Bullshit 건데. Got the money back. Hey. Get some water in there. tells you the débat. Right. Yes. Then I will drive the director into parts of that act. I'll tell him about murder data. Some of the bullets and actions brought to 12 years following the proposal of female cancer怎么 20 years ago Don't be so wide to be not hiding And try to forge your roots just as we live Which is a story given a Christian life And the Western life which is a story Which is a story of past stories Still the last time we live Through a home to lay Stop with all this matter Let's do this back to say We should take money We should take money Oh, we're in a few more, what you went to take money We should take money I'm not your poor face Why don't you know why don't you know why I'm coming back to France See a little face We got 996 votes for you I've 14 minutes to go until big old time And two the revolving dough with a big old And we'll get that thousand easy like a fallen off a cliff Just like Roger Thorpe going off the edge of that cliff And what's his name? Whatever his name was That punk, what's his name? I don't know You don't watch that show, you don't watch guiding lights You don't watch 70 years, it's been our way to the next year About 70th anniversary on radio and TV What's that? And you think that they could afford to pay the people to stay on the show You know, but they can't and they don't The soap operas they Oh god Say goodbye to Riva already Okay, we were in Joshua, Jesus, but go away Getting pondered Most of the leaders yesterday with you an invitation to the US Secretary of State Condor, Leisure, to visit a mosque in the Blackburn constituency of the homosecrede Jack Straw That is right Roger the elderly must heed all he die a mosque tomorrow During her two days tour of Blackburn Liverpool is a guest of Mr. Straw The invitation to his rise to visit the mosque came as I had to stay in From officials in Jack Straw's office And I mean, Correci, Chairman of the Blackburn base Like as your council of mosques Remember the man in the Iron mosque? Yes, they might not have consulted with the congregation Members were very angry and decided she better not come A foreign office folks said it's a pity will not be visiting a mosque Everything on his visit is the, that was expected The communities involved Yesterday about 40 parents and protestes gathered outside Blackburn's Click game high school which Ms. Rice and Mr. Straw were due to visit today We decided we should see the head teacher Robin Campbell And ask him to cancel the visit because we weren't happy that we weren't Consumrably out said, I'm Eve Duda Walla I represented from the school's community leaders form But Mr. Campbell said the visit would go ahead So we're asking our children to join the protest by the Stop the war coalition at the school All right There you go Say more Condor, Leisure, there you go Or you bitch, you liar where you're mushroom cloud with your BS She's another one total sellout Dike Sellout in every respect Yeah How we ought to end the week with a few with a Fourier calls And so we got our 1000 votes up there Do it in Huh start with that flurry right there Furry of what? A one? Oh, we got a flurry of fuel for it He was in the back seat asleep He didn't know what was going on 997 we still don't have it looked yet 997 I keep refreshing the silks See they're playing with our emotions again How could injustice for all we have one vote I was at Debbie does Dallas has got 17 already Yeah It's more important No, no, I agree with that I don't doubt that 998 See one at a time, very slow and liberally Okay, we're going to take a much of call And we don't have any 560560 Well, that's because the label built up for like another half hour Don't forget mad dog at Hooters in the rail for the 637 That's the formerly extremely popular mad dog Those numbers now are being destroyed because management will put anybody on Break of a 2-4 because we got guilty on all the time Oh god 4 Mr. Mad dog what did systemary mad is everybody deserve a fate like that There's very few things in this business worse that worth worth Than having a cracky lead in Oh That was funny WQA and hello So fucking Yeah, right And you know something he makes it a good point But as long as in other words, I think the joy thing is as long as somebody will pay us We will say anything on here We don't care You and I can't say it We can't play it But if somebody pays for it then it's okay Follow me That's right Just like when Tommy cut that cheese last week I just dreamed that it didn't happen That's right Did not WQA and hello Did Chief Fogden ever make it up the Canada before he died WQA and hello Hey, you're the body girl and are you here? All right Body call Body call WQA and hello Yeah QA and Yeah Yeah Yes Okay Mr. Gestapo for the next Friday If you want your favorite friends and I'll food a dinner Yeah, okay Your phrases for a favorite frozen food Yeah How about your favorite spice or condiment? How's that or condiment? How do you know? I'm a little easier Paprika WQA and hello Hello Yes There's nothing for me to write the cheese Well, what do you speak about him to a phone or a throw away I'm kind of a fish net You got a mushy phone man Speaking yes, what do you got? Listen, send them to us I'll subscribe anything to you They don't care anything Okay, whatever you say you idiot Now to give you some prosat Go over and see a prosat rom Maybe he'll give you a handful and some pills too 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 See that that's why he was trying to talk to a stranger See the likes of a voice Like you really really really worse what do you idiot You jackass you You're fairery WQA and hello Hey, you have about Jeff Rimmer for that two to four slot We can do a show on three Oh god We want at least to be at least being a pot Pots are not on my back No minus Good, God the grim rimmer We already got the grim rimmer We don't need the grim rimmer WQA and hello I have a lecture WQA and hello Over there I punched up for whatever reason And would have been something that that fast told would have been on there Yeah, that would have been good Some are maybe as you have colon Rimes the tax going QA and hello Hello By the way, don't forget when you go into a John the Baker to mention the dust into you get like 400 garlic rolls Not really Half a dozen I'm trying to say in dust engine Because I think a lot more people admit That dust cinnamon is supposed to be right By the way, the child the Baker brought us food today Forget the match that Thanks a lot John You're the best baby in spite of what dust is All that crap So insecure and so paranoid And so like Come on, Duff if you're going to be cut out to be a sales Holy you've got to butcher up a couple of notches man Move up to Rick your scale on the butcher Or at least to a one or two Please WQAM hello Why you're filming? Not the sellers Faire? WQAM hello QAM Yeah Yes sir How many numbers I didn't get to hear you a favor for They were fine, they were not bad I told you in the morning I said I met a diary Why? I told you there was a diary I had a diary about two months ago Thank you so much How long ago? How long ago? Just about six or eight weeks ago Oh, that wasn't this Okay? Well thanks anyway Thanks for the two months Can get real fun Anyway, I have a nice talk about this guy I'd like to explain it to the barrel It's in pairs, I don't know what that's all about What does it look like? I don't know, I just lucky right there Although most of these calls I just guys my voice too would be honest with you I'd like to make sure we got our 1000 I haven't even taken a few go. Yeah, 1000, 19 all of a sudden a big, big, Flurry we get indicted with a lot Hold on to crap Including Where is it? W does that was 20, see? We got a thousand, 19 See we'd still be one short If we were for WWE does Dallas And you're asking me you like for serious Yeah, that is For us to be a war maybe XM This is the new Roger's A war is by 162 F-there's a buck I smell it Hey, it's Ali Now it's dating Welcome back to the Mohawk with David this show Where we're chuckful as any But good clean family one I'm here in your day I did tight up phase You know that fight smoking things rapes funny Is that funny, huh? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What did you require me? I require you drive your bays I see he's right now I'm about to get a full pair of it We're under a dirty, you like a day Get your head up Yeah That happens to me That's my belly I'm not going to touch my delicate self-tings This is over what you want to ring me Like a sweet thing It's funny, that's why So put it back What the fuck It's not gonna hurt It's not gonna hurt It's not gonna hurt It's not gonna hurt It's not gonna hurt It's not gonna hurt It's not gonna hurt Did you ask out of that? See if I got a watch these H-punchs on my head Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh What is some kind of fairy? Thanks What do you know about me Where you moron I'm gonna write them up to know the difference We're supposed to be talking about sports here This is sports radio over here We love men I'm just point on it I don't think They get paid by the destroy I'm gonna make some matter in this great paper You understand? You'll then maybe let up Hold the link source If you're out of my pants Okay It's a joke, you moron Oh no There's barge of the man's hand Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh, oh Oh, can I help you? Oh, you see what? Yeah, he's getting raped Did it? Jalook is doing right away Thanks, I'm having some time Someone in the house Drop your pack Ah, I said drop your pack That isn't a mole candle Give you something to do While you're watching gone To my desk Or in the hotbook within your eyes I like this Oh, I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry I look what you made me go I keep different So I'm not in right Move to what I want my show You'll go as you told Now get over here Man, that's right Now come here I'll get over there Come here Come here Come here I'll help you I'll help you I'll help you Go to the beach Oh, I did not feel low heat Go to the beach Go to the beach I'll see here I ain't no pipe My glorgo I did not feel low Then we only had one slice Put that in the glass door See if anybody's inside Help me Close it Close it, close it I keep like that I can't help you I can't help you Oh, I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry You're a tough guy Ah, why are you out of me Oh, I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry You're a good boy I'm right out of right there Something is step aside I'm the little folks I stand before you now Let me go to my son I'm sorry I'm sorry Well perhaps you'll Gone or mine, shall I? I'm not sure my tutelage I don't know I feel like I'm totally totally totally totally I'm so sorry No, I'm not I'm not I'll never bite me You're a good boy Of course it's good for that I helped with you Why I'll have you know I'm not sure I go home now Who is yours Watch out for Mr. Wippel Please I'm not scared I'm not scared I'm not going It's good It's good for that Sorry I'm not going to Go to the hospital I'm not going to But got about it That's what I say Because my ass Bye bye Bye bye