I think they were white hot. I think they were more like ice cool. They certainly were as in the icy sleep Got one of them icy sleep. You maybe got the icy patch whatever Last night well, that's what it goes, you know, just good though I was able to leave it to half and get a good night sleep. Well, that's excellent You need it anybody gets up with that hour the morning can't be afford to be out late watching some stupid basketball Whatever Watching and his icy sleep. So what's going on today? Just another day in paradise sunny not a cloud in the sky It's gonna be 70 days. It's just oh, man. It's like God's days. They say that's still God. Yeah, that kind of guy So the The suit get filed. Oh, we find yesterday at four 15. I filed a 422 trillion dollar lawsuit Well, actually what we discussed on your yesterday is a good idea We're gonna file a class action suit. Yeah, we're gonna let the audience sign on so they can all get a piece You know they can all wet their beak Yeah, that's right well, why not a lot. They're the ones that are being deprived Especially work for our work. In fact we're frying two million on each of the fart sounds just on the fart sounds alone Really stop and think about it. Here's somebody who's like the legal vehicle who is totally unqualified And then even on a radio probably and And she's making decisions about she's trying to sandbag this show I work kind of a company horizon attorney that's trying to sandbag their top rated show along one of the most important properties Only a bunch of clampets I guess ban two of our group ink. Did you see the story in York? About Howard Stern. Yeah, I got in my pile here. Yeah. Well, what a surprise. You know Is ego just leaving it in Jackie that's what it's about he's a piece plan to about 20% of the audience Or 10% of the audience he used that not only that, but now they excuses Oh, he wants to compete with the longtime enemies opian Anthony since they're on satellite and also gonna be on regular Trest your radio. Yeah And I forgot just got a $250 million bonus in January. What the hell? What do you need how he what's out? You need to feed that big fat ego feed his big God? Yeah, I think bigger than the schnaises that ego. It just makes me nauseous I got understand if there was something there to back it all up And I got a lot of stern people listening to me if you're oh, do you hear the needles? Too bad. I don't I don't find him. He hasn't said anything funny in 15 years talk about living on the BS and and hype. I give him that though every time he fights man the whole world is sniffing the air Oh, man Howard just did it again. Yeah, it's just this amazing to me. Yeah, that's that's the secret to his successes the master of hype So what are we gonna do about this place? I don't know what we have the survey came come out yesterday on the crossover. Oh, that was on the yesterday It was over the weekend to go here. You're out of touch I heard you were in the room. I thought I was I thought they like it they like it a lot Okay, and we like it people's a lot of good time people tell me they love it I mean, I run into people say they yeah, they're just sucking up. You know That's how people always are all man. That's a great. No matter what it is If they hate it, they're not gonna they're gonna tell you that well they would just bring up the crossover Do they yeah, and why is that who are these people name me one besides Phil Salzman? I don't know their names. Oh, just just didn't really stop him. He likes it. Oh, you know that that's the good case against it there Let's stop talking right now. Oh Man, Phil is he like Billy Kilmer. Yep. Oh my god. What are old hack he was? I want to say he was the number 17. Yes. Wow. Who is the other don't tell me who is the other Redstone quarterback I know they had two quarterbacks. He's Jordan sonny Jordan said boys said don't tell you it will red Sorry, I wasn't supposed to name red. Let's see does Tom Durkin is old red Although I don't know why cuz he doesn't have red here No, but they call him old red. I didn't know that. Oh, here's another one for the full-day George the rootest thing people Do speak in Spanish in public already added it did you really good good one? They're gonna have no go zooming to the top That's part of the Spanophobia of South Florida man Speak in English speak in English Anyway, what can we get back to what I just said before that was the provocative thing about what they were gonna do Maybe a hitman. I still think it's the only suggestion. What are we gonna do about both of the clown in there? Anyway, it's 1003 What about your story don't start being a win? We start when we're not gonna get no Suspensions no petvin as well as okay How is he still writing man? I just I don't know get it and very well too In a lot of ways. Yeah, it's of course he he's dead now, but he's like to Steve how Of force racing how many times was house suspended remember he had more lives than he ever ready can Don't recently. Yeah, him and Barry bonds What a disgrace I still love that banner man. Babe Ruth did a hot dogs and beer. That is so beautiful And I can't do it on class. Yeah, that's right in talent. Thank you. I'm done class in talent And it's quite a the fact that he was a dark-complexed but you were a Pittsburgh pirate fan for a long time I was for all for a long long way you a pirate fan when bonds was playing there No, you kidding me you were a cup of spandons. Yes, okay. I was a Paris fan from like 60 to 79 The Dix Dort and Rocky Nelson Bill Maseroski and Bob Skinner and Roberto Clemente Bob friend and Deverted law the Deacon and Freddy Green and the Bullpen L Roy Face dick wrote dick wrote. That's right Don Hoke who had a little premature death killed himself I leave a little smoky bird is he was one of favorites. See us fat people we always like the fact guys That's true. Isn't it always like a cannon was my favorite detective show. Why is the fact guy? Why not? Yeah, with a William Conrad. Yeah, who the hell was William Conrad who do plan radio? Can you tell me that wasn't he Yeah, I do know that fun smoke. Yeah, not dealing How about Bird Raymond Burr So like that he was fat. Yeah, and he was also gay, but that's beside the point play you know Your buddy couldn't Harry Mason was gay. Yeah, everyone even iron side. Yeah, he was doing wheelies all over the place Hey, man for what am I here or not the wait a minute What's I'm here in noises now? I must be must be silly. No, I know so it must be the maiden and the room and I can't in a place next door God, well make it so much noise you illegal alien Cannot know they are all amazes in this building are illegal aliens believe me same with my dovey See Merkin if in way man's going around So I don't know what tell we're gonna do about these people. I just you know tomorrow's payday for me So I just do we do I'm carrying more Yeah, best we can that's all take the checks. I would take them out. I would just I'm bleeding for every see in your case I mean, what do you got to worry about this is like a secondary gay do you got ESPN ABC you got you know You got whatever you want Vegas You give about there and do a national show from Vegas every day. What an interesting suggestion. Yeah, well, you think that's a good idea It would an interesting suggestion. Yeah, yeah, well, what does that mean? It's just what's the auto one something going on that we don't know about yet? I don't know thanks going to Vegas to do an actual or what's your family show? Oh Man, that was good I'm just broke here the one with a breaking news. We just broke a beast or what is this correct? Well, what is this start? I am another year after this. Yeah, all in other words after this you're going to Vegas and do your show there That's how good scrolls on how I'm out. I'll tell you what you can do your show from Vegas. I'll do my show from my falls view when I go false Well, I'd like that and we could hook up Well, Josh and Georgia hooking up tonight. They're your Georgia's taking Josh for his birthday and tonight to the melting pot There's 23rd birthday taking him to the melting pot and then where home? That's it. Well, it's why I'm just waiting. I don't like it in that way. I didn't mean that in what way? Well, I don't know if you're going after the melting pot. What about the faces where you do shows to our parents just from George? Yeah, we think our women there too. Okay. We're gonna go at lots of dances for the girls. It's not a bad thing No, here's one for the poll today chewing what we want to learn mouth open. I add a thing That's John and South Carolina. He's just been in a woods too long John. Yeah, the woods. Okay. Get rid of the good with the program Yeah, I'm still waiting to see this new guy do something, you know, you know, I mean just do something I guess I guess he's still living on the fact that he paid off motorgolo I go so close to the fall of rest of his happy so we can get that point nine and a point five and there between two and four That was quite the accomplishment just when you think you can't get any lower. We're doing like fractions and in my life You know, except for when WNWS first went on the year there are first few months Because I mean that we had a horrible signal but except for that I don't think I ever worked out a station ahead like fractions in any hour, you know, during the daytime when people are awake I can't recall anything like that. Three and a half million is 0.5 on this radio station. How do you do that? How do you do that? I don't know. I guess you're running a revolving duel between two and four and you put a lot of that kind of sound on here Oh brother fingernails on the blindfold. I threaten that was gonna play the eight sounds I'm gonna play that today. I'm gonna start with that eight sounds that you hate because that should be in our two There's number nine There's creeper says this number nine But is nobody wants to hear that? Oh man people scream at me about that Well, what is that? What kind of sound is that you guys got on there? And I say squeaky And we're squeaky from sure tried with sense nature old Ford Those are the days man 60s see that that's why I like the kneel young thing And I'm not gonna go out and buy the cd and play the music of protest music I know what life father the public isn't like that anymore 60s look at the difference between the people in the 60s and the people now They just in different. There's no way to get them whipped up about anything except something freebie or something Now maybe we're free down again. They just don't care about anything That's like the movie with Dustin Hoffman and Barbara Streisand and Robert and the energy to see the movie Like I can't say it all here. Meep the whoever or the fuckers Yeah, that was it even say that's the name of the movie. Anyway, the scene What you said were Dustin Hoffman is standing under the guy. What did I see that because there was there was one because it's funny And there was one scene in that movie where Dustin Hoffman lies down in front of Robert the narrows RV And he's protesting but I say that because you don't see That kind of reaction to things anymore. No, no everybody's indifferent to just you know They've been beat up so much they just like remember the Speaks that Faith done away made as Diana and that worker she's talking about the American public is shot up They've effed themselves limp in them. I'm about and they just you know They just give them so they need somebody to articulate the popular rage Well president pushes in the area. Yeah, see that they need somebody to articulate the popular rage president bush It's That would be a good speech Howard Bill. Yes. That's who we need can you believe that Johnston maybe now that he's turned 23 and becoming almost an adult he can watch it again I might enjoy it and understand it if that is one of the top five movies of all time and my name is Ish Kibibble my name is Mortimer Snurred my name is Bird children member bird tail string sure cool little ran all it was brand Allison. Boy. We old well Something I have I make no apologies for that. I like Google for an alley he did yeah I like Bula the witch and I like the what was the I like four windshield and Jerry Mahoney I used to have Paul windshield on my shows a guest on the phone I and Z he wrote a baby He was a it was really an atheist but you didn't have the balls to call himself that so we had this book He wrote about your personal apocryph or whatever just a bunch of double talk for being atheist But he was it's pretty interesting guy. Yeah. I heard him on your show years ago You did and then well he died so I think we'll be having him back. He died He died school and around you know some epidemic when I died. I'm gonna have them bury my ashes at wood vine Not out in the racetrack, but like right inside right by the good machine Well now I'm tight with the general manager up there. I can arrange you know I'll tell you know It's one is a good machine what's that whichever one is paying when you're playing it That's a good machine. Yeah, that's correct. That's true. That is absolutely correct I always laugh on a hoodies people. Oh, that's a real good machine But yeah, because you're winning on it now you idiot or somebody's win. I thought it was a good machine Well, what does that mean God? Like sent an old blood. That's a really good horse Yeah, because he just won a race in UK has to ticket maybe it's only race He's been a win all year for all you know just like that barbro I don't think he's been a window triple cry. I'm a jacomol and everyone Another race shift. He to one man. Well, he was of course It was I mean barbro's equality horse jacomol was like blue factory material Yep, he only won because the rest of it by default because the rest of everybody else fell down stiff That's right. I don't say everybody fell down. That's bad. I remember telling you that and it's a true story I'm watching the races on the racing network that one day This is maybe a year ago in this horse over the third bread racing And it was it was six lines ahead in the stretch and I the thought crossed my mind The only way this horse can lose if he falls down and he suddenly swirped to the left and ran into the Right into the rail and Telled down. I felt guilty about that like I did it you know I mean yep, that's the power of Put that put the canary on him kind of like what terrible done to all of us destroying three careers I'll tell you what the at least he's spreading it around though No, he has he's destroying all of our careers nice going Joe your hell of a guy man You're really doing it. When is he gonna get off his ass? I know how much you do because you got the cloud man. You're big your fat your heavy your like You know you're glad to do it with cloud. No, it does it look like look at me go That's a good idea Maybe I have some ideas. I want you to go in there or just pound your fist on the desk and just don't scream and do something You know do something God could be a Mr. Nambi family do something rather But my real advice is just like I always so just take the money so I like that idea better Yeah, not just for them. You know I gave you a man dog the best advice several years ago And if I would just stick to that I live a lot longer. Just take a mind the back thing Oh, I just cast it on our not our problem Do the ones that wrote all these big fat conference and screw the whole place up and then that's their problem I'd say more about that's what they're getting paid to do We're getting paid to show off every day and do the best we can and I'll tell you one thing We're sure to do them better than two to four to be following. Do and today we got both but then the rest of the way We got The Chinese say we got tourists the rest of the week Oh, oh brother Wow that child Of course the least he's got that hockey expertise. How about those savers? Pete out of luck to an arrow right there at Ottawa man out of was going down But Carol I is putting it to the door here on his eye love that all the teams I like are winning them I'm real happy to see that teams I'm rooting for but wouldn't that be something to be him gets swept just like his predecessor J.M. Jack Martin the frog got the always in the playoffs the big token out of way You know this spokesman Brian Murray when I'd be something that's swept by the savers It's already 10 or 14. I think it's already passed my third break. I don't really kill enough time here That's good. That's the idea man kill the time take the money the bank. That's it That's right. That's what we're doing and we make no bones of at least we're honest about it We don't give a crap if you know if they get like a point one that's their problem They're the ones who made the problem or I couldn't pay to be problem solvers would be played a pay to be a blog cast Like many martes in the crow and people like that Well, it's been a great day YouTube and I see you around again tomorrow Yes, I'm here all week all week all five days all five days. Oh my god. I'm right. It's done on my wrist See you tomorrow The music stress on the previous programs are those of the host yeah Look at that That's a good fact Have a nice life For Happy birthday Back with judge Judy shine long. You're my favorite people. Thank you so say hello. Hi Mary hi Hi Judy you're gonna pay for Sure you pay oh absolutely and I don't think it makes any difference. Philadelphia hello Judge Judy how's the prostate? Tuck you are oh good so it hasn't given you any more trouble right great Listen my desk is used to be a line back up for the applicator. It's true Wow how many pieces did you play in the NFL? To Los Angeles as we continue the calls for judge Judy hello judge Judy I saw the tabloid that you starve and torture little kids in your basement is that true? Yes, how could you stop? I Think that we're not doing enough to Bues the children okay, what about you Larry? What are you doing your spare time? troll the internet for sex beautiful. What the hell is wrong with you too? It's supposed to be role model Yeah That Hey, man, it's a 10 17 already. Let's go home, man. Wow. This is exciting I got to do we might do two breaks side by each. You know, I just discovered the other day They all say that here. That's a Canadian thing side by each. I thought it was just That track announced so it used to be a woodbind. I thought it was a French to leave I thought he was the ones just said side by he they all that's a Canadian thing Hey, they don't say side by side. They say good remember that famous song side by each. Nope Hey, once again everybody's feeling the pinched the gas pump the good folks It's a dial-matrix 1-800-matrix 1 I hope you threw this a little bit a wee bit dial-matrix is off for you a free tank of gas His hard works you simply take the full amount of any gas recid off your next mattress purchase up to 10% of the purchase Then 35 bucks to the gas pump take 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 bucks or more Spend 50 bucks at the pump take 50 bucks off any purchase of 500 or more you'll need your gas recede to say that cash I drive all over town wasting gas get them all in furniture stores and so-called giants in a mattress Business for the best deal called 1-800-matrix right now and save a ton of cash as always you'll choose the Eight and a time you're delivered with it and tour I went to less convenient for you any day seven days away from eight in the am Detend them at BM and when you call our good friends at telematrix like I've been doing for a very very long time 1-800-matrix you'll choose from the areas larger than the toy the top names in a mattress business Seely and service. Simmons a King Quirle, type of eight of his turns of an analyst posture So call 1-800-matrix right now. You can be sleep on a great new mattress as soon as tonight or log out of there Our website mattress.com 1-800-MATT-RES leave off the last S because it stands for savings and Spuse this as a�d Zhu Awesome shotано very I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I'm in a big room. I like fingernails on a blackboard. I like people crack a neck for their knuckles. When I rough started, we'll all together. That just makes me just... Ha ha ha ha! Eight. Down you pants, man. But you could tolerate if you were hit the man I am. And to the lift of it... A fork in a knife! scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate Here's what I really love You might want to try it Give me feedback In my headphones I get that more like it Little more, little more Little more Yeah Hey, sound so unique Now let's review though you can really really free Figure nails on a plate A simple fact I like, or another Robbers I reform together Corsid makes me so cool I plan to singers on a gym floor Rating in a movement on window When I get this to drilling my motor That makes me so cool My voice is ringing on a record You're tipped on my child If these ask give you the shivers That make you all wider There you go, not to someone fight their fort like this Because I love it Here, I'll do it again Do you have an nervous system left How about some squeegee whiting a window? Back my neck Stop for you whimps Stop for a whimps Away I got one more 1024-5-60 WQA I've heard a lot of things about the programming I had the programming string But thanks to that great new guy we got Chris Jones and New Salesman We got spots up the ass It's usually something very serious disease by the way Oh bad news from Iraq Violence killed at least 34 people including EY soldier As efforts to finish choosing new cabinet bog down And a web of conflicting interests today More bad news, Deladac Police said Iraq police may look outside Parliament to find candidates for some key posts The way to do this One lawmaker said, outgoing deputy prime minister Ahmed Chalavi, notorious gangster in Cric Former Pentagon favorite had been mentioned To head the interior ministry Well, that would be great In a separate statement, the US Command said One American soldier was killed another wounded during A class Sunday near Tallah Far To an assistant outro for the back dead Another American soldier was killed One of the roadside bombs for a comelage Where a convoyed day saw these to back dead These two were US bailed, held these raised At least 2421, the number of US military members who died Beoddi on us So we're getting real close to 2500 Maybe that's the number it's going to get to public all week Oh, I doubt it now Well, warm them thing WQAM, that line, hello Hey, nail our audience OK sir I would just like your comment If you wouldn't mind on the president this morning visiting The BCC Library And encountering a citizen An elderly citizen sitting in a wheelchair And president Bush's response to greeting him was Wow, he looked mighty comfortable sitting there Really? That's our president Uh-huh Sounds to me like a wimp and a gimp is what it sounds like to me Anyway, can we move on? It was not 2010 Well, you know why keep picking on the poor president Is approval rating by the way is weeks to new low 31% all right If I pretty that sounds to me like I'm turning me Wow, and the disapproval rating is weeks to all Time high of 65% Here's the pull result from yesterday before we do the next break Well, I see that cross over and backs this up And I like the cross over and I like the cross over And now they break already Yeah, that's coming up to you All right, I'm getting a little drowsy from that doozy Can I understand? No Other than Bush and Cheney, the aforementioned W Which government type person you mistrust the most They're all crook 7502 That seemed to be the overwhelming winner Donald Rumsfeld, here I'm going to junior 386 Mr. Ha ha I like Rimmer Ha ha Yeah, Bush 1988, your fat ass governor With his devious plans to subvert the will of the electorate How's that bullet train coming by? Oh, it's like a bullet I held it 13123 the ice princess Why I'm reading nervous about her You got me very concerned Anything else I'm reading got me concerned Kindle, leisure 110 110, hey condo You're fairy Albert O'Veele 5 Gonzalez, see the big drop off here only 46 They don't even know who the hell that is It's thinking somebody you're smear in your hair John McCain 37 I'm not a lot of start going up real if you did a little homework I hate this poll 28 John Negra Patti 24 who's probably the most people of anybody on the list What do they know? They don't know no Negro Pante The butcher of the Honduras Ball had to always be a very weary of a big ball-headed guy It looks like some kind of a an assassin That's what he looks like to me Today's poll is a winner Today's poll is all the way I don't know if we're going to make the 1000 days I got a late start about 2 a.m. this morning In order to earn very many bedtime stories I could claim that I did it as a birthday gift for Josh So you have to work through our because I know we are getting smashed last night You know I know that's why you did it Okay, I got this for a number of 140 stories on there today I'm going to put stories on there from the weekly reader How do you like that? And they all better be there tomorrow No, I think it was by accident There's no question but it turned out to be nice gestures I'll take credit for it And George is taking Josh to the melt to the pot tonight For a nice birthday dinner Which I think is a real sweet thing to the melt of the pot Well it's nice Yes, it is Sometimes it's things you can't see that are really bad for you And stop photo for 28 years Rod concept is absolutely the best And dry cleaning your carpets I've been using for over 21 years My homes I wouldn't dream of letting anybody else Schmere with my carpets When you dry clean your carpets you can clean today And entertain the night Because they're dry so fast like it just a couple of hours Carpets stay clean your longer to With no sticky residue left behind And with over 50,000 satisfied customers You know you got a lot of company Folks who really loved dry concepts And don't forget dry concepts are also the experts in water Damned restoration keep that in mind during the hurricane season Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone In just minutes not days And dry concepts can get your home of business dry Within 24 to 72 hours it's guaranteed And speaking of guarantees don't forget to give you written guaranteed price Write up front before they start to job And they live up to it every time And to top it all off dry concepts as a stiffy or arreem A rut cleaning plant the only one that exists in South Florida Right on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive very Works looking like you just bought on brand new So do yourself a big favor next time you need these folks called dry concepts Today toll free 1-800-248-5071 That's 1-800-248-507 And one be sure and tell me that ain't an e-o-forded call Or on the wickie web, dry concepts. This is new rotting This is 5-16-28 Casting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Are you a terrorist to start paying outrageous prices for your tools Of one's and destruction? Because if raise your arguments, these girls dare to somewhere else Hey, even though you're a delay, this is not the fundamentalist killing machine You still know a bargain when you're seeing one And we can't on each side big car bombs low-art spectrum By a car factory is over 1000 tons of exchanges And the big process did free out of conditioning Because when you're getting ready to drive into a prison and throw your head off You want to be cool and comfortable How can I do this? I'm crying just like you Today only buy one scheme as you get 5-3 A variable in black, red, start-wash and talk Because when you can find the village station known as your mortgage station You want to look sharp By bombs, we can defy bombs By bombs with so much scuffle, your evil American targets will be Wishing they're dicksied up the other side of the last By one five-five, it's a set of blacks and not to scream Perfect for the next time you'll catch your wife without your veil Come on, you face, face, face, face, face, face So, come to creation, ask me to discuss there is a warehouse Where with declaring all they want, I'm frightened Praise I know Oh no, the space you just sent me, I know there's a one that's my bag Because I spelled flauntly correct away But Eric had a little bit of a brain fart there He's got F-A-L-U-N-T-Full-Eunt I hate when people fall on their wealth You got a bad spell in Eric on a flaunt Get with it, idiot What's the hardest of the hardest? The rudest thing people do, 529 votes on a pool Cell phone abuse 153, it's all over the place Very rude, in a restaurant, in a movie theater In whatever situation, using the cell phone Interproperly right in front of your face And it's ringing loud, nearer But if you get out of here, cut the crap Cell phone abuse 153 Like the idiots at the sporting event So after talking to each other on their cell phones In a wave and ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay Oh, get a life Cutting in line 101, which is a soft thought of pastime That's one of their favorites Elbaling their way in line Or is that online? Peeing on the toilet seat 83, you got to hate that You're walking to a public tea room, you go to say Well, first of all, why would you, you shouldn't go on a sit down there, right? Right Well, I know some guys who always put toilet paper on a seat in the public area That is so, you know what that is? Yeah, yeah, yeah Only a pansy does that Somebody, we do all I'm going to get some to do I got to catch anything off a toilet seat Peeing on the toilet seat 83, you know I got a great idea, list the toilet seat Or just work on a bit of rain What your foot or aim would be good Peter Northwood teacher He's a straight shooter Speak in Spanish 31, we just put that on there It is zooming up, oh I told you Starting in public 31, especially like an elevator Or online in a supermarket Or at the nearer, and there are good machine-man Oh I got a diamond month to think about it You can just imagine the experiences I've had I just can't deal with it Stealing parking space, that's bad we got About 30 minutes 30 said that Fulunting their wealth 28 We don't like when people fall under wealth People who don't return phone calls 27 like Greg Reed People who just shine you avoid you Running high That I guess as a child, that was probably Greg Stavorkame Hayden Seek Maybe his favorite game was very The very like a dog, very the like that And the rack he's in Being loud while people are sleeping 26 I hate this pool 19 Picking your nose in public five and burping in public Solumentary trace So anyway, somebody one of our real chronic facts And said I hate it when people fall under wealth As spells go on your website, you point it out Thanks for pointing out Eris Badmistake It's embarrassing But I really hate it when they drive Adder below the speed limit on the left lane I think that's a good one Driving slow in the left lane Yeah Yeah, we're going to get on there Drive it over and south thought I mean That's commonplace That's a poor thing wrong with that I was trying to be a safe driver And invariably, it's somebody over the 80 to 100 You know, who's sitting on four phone books Who's terrified Let me tell you right now Other than in ebreded, other than stone off the ranch The other worst drivers are scare drivers The worst women are terrified drivers The most women shouldn't be driving in the first place I don't want to sound sexist or anything like that But it's true, most women are scared of death in the car WDQAM, hello I just see you there Yes sir Hey, you know what? I really hate it when you're at a checkout register And the person front of you is trying to pay their bill And they're on the phone They're not paying attention to cash here They're trying to, you know, communicate with them That's really annoying And another thing you didn't rush get His anal words from sit on a toilet TV claim Yeah, I think so I do believe that, yeah I think it even comes out Well, he kept me every time he stood up, and I see he's kept falling out 560560 That's bad 560, and they've arrived in a singular Wireless line, hey Rush, what's new man? Pick it on poor Rush WDQAM, hello 2 AM Hey, I have a comment on that Lip tan lane, these people drive in the pan lane Cause that road rage, I mean, you're trying to get by him And it's just unbelievable They're like the cause all the actions They're not in most of them, but the cause of them all, yeah Yeah, but we saw, I really, you know, those things I got to head to I think nobody aged like 60 Take everybody's license away I don't need one anymore, I'm not driving no more Take everybody over the age of 60 We're taking the license away this week Where you ain't getting it Do you think that's a good idea? It's a lot of little ideas I don't really think If I have a road again, even though I love my corvettes I don't, it's no way, you know Got like me anyway, I have a limo guy driving me around all the time With the other one, I need to be driving for it I'm sorry, my life and stuff, flow or death Well, those were her cases when I'm there And I sure is, I'm not going to have no car here Not with $4 going, guys I don't know, can you imagine? That's why 65 bucks to fill up your tank That's 65 bucks, it would be my last move Like two, three minutes on a bad machine Mom? Let's see, did he change that? Yeah, he nice job, Eric right away He gets embarrassed when he catches one of the bad stuff Because I'm like, Josh, who doesn't know how to spell these things Eric knows how to, he's just, you know, it was a typo Was that one a Josh head at one day? It was just, oh, I should write these down You should write a book, you had one one day that was just so sensational Was it, I, of course, it's touched my feeble mind But it was, it was a beautiful thing Although I do remember Floyd Venable Jr. See things that are of absolutely no importance I got to blow mine and now, yeah, I do No, is that what I was going to say? Yeah, yeah Oh, yeah Yummy? Trunky? Wow, I was thinking about having Chinese for lunch That's a little incised story from wood vine Anyway, what's the worst thing you ever did going up the Drobium Monk crazy? Want to make up for it this month, is they Sunday? Let her know that you turned out okay Instead of an original Vermont teddy bear, she'll really appreciate it Should receive a beautiful bear maiden for mine to live in a home or work with a free card And gourmet carmels and a colorful gift box And you can only get them by calling your friendly bird counselor Tool free at 1-800-829-Bear or by shopping online at VermontCityBird.com Now help you tailor a bear just for your mama wife like the nurse bear Teacher, businesswoman, or gardening bear So she'll know you really put some thought in your gift this year They even have a new bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be And be sure to check out the new all-American mom dressed in a paid-you-out-exunderous Nodding an apple pie And for all you mom, I wonder if she's on it Maybe a little love and ice cream to on a side And for all you mama's boys out there, are you better send the mama's boy bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo on his arm They got so many different ideas for you They keep adding your for you And dad, that's your job to get your wife to give them the kids And the mother and cup said is a great idea as it always is And as many cups as you need they'll embroider your kids names right in the outfits Or it said your wife feels still thinks she's a hottie And send her to yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie Even if she looks like Rosie O'Donnell Send her for my teddy bear so much more personal and fun than flowers Which are didn't just a few hours and Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for life So send something new and different this year You can even deliver her barely off associating brag about you to her co-workers It works like magic every time overnight delivery to homo work is guaranteed so call 1-800-829 bear Or do your shopping online at Vermont teddy bear dot com Send a creative alternative to flowers from others day something she'll really appreciate Call toll free 1-800-829 bear that's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R And be sure to tell me across the old Neil, told you to call This is Neil Roger This is 5-16-2-A Get ready Get ready So best of you, suppose like roses and thrive at dawn Can't understand why everybody's paid to farm Whereas rooms, smells like roses You need seeds of care But I'm not still really want to use the rest of you days I was only in there for a few minutes I always pray so light so that I am free But now the world ends out that I hit in I guess I'll have to find somewhere else To do do do So I'll have to hold you in and hike my head and disgrace When I get my hands on those windows So I'll pass you to the stairs I think you're right All good best rooms smells like roses When there's a lot of things It smells okay to me Where I can do do 1047-560 WCM here's our world-winning lineup right at dawn You don't want to miss the second of this We got Kimbubo camp for 2-0 this afternoon I had dog 4-632 and a half hours Getting paid for 3-2-1-2-1-5 Nice going Jimbubo, you're doing it Okay, I told the hump or man Let's just give these people what they deserve you know Which is very little Marlins on deck 6-30 Marlins and the braves at 705 Any interest the 8-20 Marlins who have lost 10-0 at home Is it 10? Yes And go on for a look I think you got a good shotgun and swept by the braves Okay, it's 10-35 or whatever the game finally ends Whenever the misery finally is over How about those savers? Alright Here's probably the most important story we've ever had I got a huge pile here by the way So if anybody thinks we're going to be talking to bunch of idiots all day We already had some newer goofballs on to the first hour I was kind of interested in some new and different to Wacos See I don't mind Wacos, I just get tired of the same ones Or hey That's what Santa means Since we can work out in exchange like maybe the west coast or something A wild snake, a big rabbit Like for Joyce We'll trade in Joyce for some new cranks Worst in slow drivers in the past in the past in the past In the past in the past in the past somebody says I think tailgateing drivers It's even worse when you're at or above the speed limit Of course, or driving in the schools on Okay Tailgating You want to put tailgating on there? Tailgators That's easy Okay, it's easy Tell you guys You think we're going to make that 1000-day? We had a real late start and this pull that's my bad It's because I'm just a real degenerate gambler And I'm out there plunge in a way Didn't do too bad, didn't do a great but not too bad Hours and hours and hours of fighting for the good machine mine 596, so what do you think? But what a long way to go man No? About what? Or 1000? Yeah, they're going to get to the side Are you eating again? I'm eating a... Go tell me, if we're all of our No, just some toast Oh Toast Toast What kind of a meal is that? Well, I got a sad story You're going to go with nothing pot tonight You don't want to be right now Oh, I'm really going to throw you back Keep it light Keep it light Keep it light Keep it light, keep it light, keep it light I want to think I croaked you a problem Yeah That old guy Oh, thank god He's in a box Tostal colors in a box I think that's going to be the name of my book I'm going to write Anyway, here's this important story from Skohigen Which is I guess in Maine Never been in Maine, you've been in Maine Nope The rain in Maine falls mainly A North New Portland woman is Portland Maine A queues of helping her daughter make cookies Laced with the laxative X-Lax appeared before a drug yesterday And played an innocent with single charge Mr. Meena Resolve Julie E. Hunt 43 Were blue prison garb and handcuffs As he cleaned the ankle To be for George Charles C. La Verdeary And Skohigen District Court yesterday More How was arrested Friday afternoon after a police investigation Into an attempted prank At Kurobekman be school that caused four children The seventh-to-right grade to become ill They be ill How does a cute to baking the cookies with three girls Two aged 13-14? The cookies were never eaten by the target of the prank A teacher who reportedly given more of the girls a low grade The cookies were left on the desk of the teacher Ten along with notes saying We made these cookies just for you Hope you enjoyed them That's what we ought to send over to Joyce And ex-Lax Laced with sign I too And a little bit The teacher shared them with a student Instead A turning Janet Mills who defended Hunt Said her client and I had any involvement She also asked George Loverdary to relax Hunt's bail condition So she could attend this letter hearing for Are the girls According to an affidavit File and Squeak industry court and signed by Main State Trooper Hugh Eyelandry A what if he's kind of Greg Landry or Tom Landry Hunt told the girls how to cross the Lax Laced A pills and a cookie batter They used an entire box of pills Ha ha ha ha They found out about the incident With all the students over her to the girls talking about it That's something Not just I just fool kids having a little bit of fun That's all And mommy Yeah There's an adult involved there Right While she's teaching him how to have a little bit of fun Here's how you get back your teacher She gives you a band grade You give her a little more one-four That's all Funny You're one of the people you eat the cook or one of their parents Oh no look at this Oh my god I'm gonna get on a floor and start making Got a whole phone This is the most disgusting thing Yeah If the last one you give it to the runs Oh Businessman Wayne Heising the Junior Oh Junior To a local business people yesterday That he has had a lot of success in financial Other affairs But it took a personal relationship with Jesus Christ To fill that he called a God-sized hole in my heart Jesus Christ Yeah This is Junior See I get confused about which one he's got two sons One of which is Yeah I don't know if this is the one or not You know which one it is I don't know either one for me They're well Heising his quote about 3775 people at Asville What is that North Carolina? Yes it is At the connecting businessmen to Christ Aethanyl Asheville Bunkham leadership prayer breakfast at the Asville Renaissance Hotel He's on a run What? He's on a run How did you say? Asville He is the son of the known businessman Wayne Heising his senior Bollywood, the billionaire who built six different Companies that have been listed on the East Stock Exchange including Waste Management Inc The Blockbuster Video Chain and Republic Services Heising his Junior's Prison of Heising the Hullings Heatings and Investments in Banking Resorts, Moringas, Yacht, Refit and Construction Reel State, Outdoor advertising Heising a Junior said that seven years ago He was a perfect wife But everybody standing in the house would be But he still felt empty The Medains sitting down to table eating and eating But never getting full he said But after they conversion experience After he made Jesus he said life is truly great That's a great form of story That is interview the warm and fuzzy for Junior, Fudget Jesus He said he didn't know how he's English Is that what he said? He also said no no Godfather I'm from Heising I'm from Heising I'm from Heising I got a very heavy duty file here Today and of course we have limited time Because the crossover went for like an hour and a half Which is good, that was a good crossover Whatever the hell we talked about About sticking it to this company man Anybody to serve it? We got 6-15 I think we got a shot that we got a reasonable shot Of Josh really pushes it on our Viz Verthe Might as well do that and have to do any work on a website By the way Joe Bell, Shine, Josh, they were supposed to have a meeting This morning to solidify and finish up his deal And once again you know a plenty of old Greg Wee give Oh well he's having a big meeting with Duff What's on his Duff have to meet with Joe Bell for? Oh sort of a port of shirt Maybe Duff thought that Josh was already in the meeting there Why to give him a little birthday gift You think? To go along with that Christmas goose I don't know I just don't understand these people just keep debating and running and hiding And I don't like that Well the deal is be done today So I'm having it will be done So I will be done Good that's what the way he has he continues to say So I will be done in Christ's name All the fairy tales all the time All the bubble micees all the time The virgin birthday the crucifixion The resurrection all of these things They were stolen by the goham by a paul's matter In fact from many many religions that preceded this whole Christian thing As you know all part and parcel especially the virgin birth See a birth is somehow tainted If they were like those organs involved it there was the sex act But when the virgin birth then they were three They were they're they'll be let involved right Or they will fear you and then do not involve with those Unclean women you know I mean we need the woman to like deliver the Well it can't like Tom Cruisney is a woman to deliver these phantom That's right Speak for Robin Hood gang robbers gourmet stores in a bid to feed humbours poor I've been there humbored Germany to grab a hum burger No actually it's a pretty good food though I'll tell you that the food in Germany is good Oh yeah, so what you said food in hum sucks Oh best foods in Italy and then I would say right after that is I would say Germany's right after that and places I've been They dress up and pink cat suits have name by spider mom and feel a social obligation to probably the most expensive restaurants in gourmet Delo Catesons in town is a campaign to and I'm maybe this isn't humbored Germany This is a this is in the independent UK and it says spider mom I don't know it says last week the well heel citizens of humbours altono district this must be in Britain I thought it was humbored Germany all over the names now. This is this is definitely a Germany Last week the well heel citizens of humbours altono district got a taste of their annex when 30 of them But in the city's luxury fresh paradise could then can supermarkets see those a hint and walked out five minutes later With 10,000 pounds worth of still and good that's about 18,000 US dollars the games booty include magnum of champagne fillets of Japanese Kobe beef legs of innocent assam and several boxes of Valrona chocolate before leaving gang members thirsty boat pay of flowers in the hands of a shop assistant A fence was a handwritten no-witch profane survived on the city of millionaires of the impossible dollars It was signed by spider mom Santa Kovara and multi flex another no later released by the gang insisted the thaw Abundestributed the hamburgs needy to the social workers cleaning ladies and minimum wage earners It added the places of wealth in this town are as numerous as the opportunities to take it 14 squad cars and a police helicopter scoured the alternative for more than hour after the robbery but failed to find the perpetrators The gang covered its tracks completely acted like professionals of boat of fronds head of the hamburg police university fronds tons and fronds And all of a sudden all these names in here like him It says the gang which refers to itself as hamburg for free does not strike off an incisive tactic placed on us exactly a year ago and 40 mass minimum Stormy soil bird restaurant the city's wealthy black and easy to go to looking to river Elba I think a lot of people like a high-spersonists south photo hamburg for free maybe two hamburgs for free Maybe a bacon triple cheeseburger for free when you think I'll take it 1057 a QM George is taking charge to the melting pot for his birthday and then what a fine idea that is because nobody don't like the melting pot You make it so like a pan, you know, I didn't I say you're buying him dinner That would be like saying we're as a meat of our dinner for everybody's health The melting pot is a place where fondue becomes a memorable four course dining experience and so unlike anything else you've ever had Have your head fondue bar you in for a real treat and surprise Dip into something sensational enjoy a variety of unique on crazy special melting pot dipping sauces Start to dinner with the melting pot with our cheese fondue a silver three different bread's granny's metabolism crisp veggies next to a choice to salads all the melting pot So made dressings and then your enthrase include filet and minion and lobster and shrimp caigens season chicken pork Portable mushrooms duck and more cooked at oil or broth and of course you can't pass up a duck or a goose and those melting pot Thipping sauces around this world and then finally the piece to resistance for deserves a chocolate fondue is the best thing you've ever put well One of the best things you've ever had in your mouth Dip fresh strawberries bananas pineapple all your favorite fruits plus cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed or even graham crackers at the melting pot Boy, this is really something special and don't forget this coming Sunday as mother's day What a great idea because moms love the melting pot don't get left out. Call make your reservations for moms day and for pot nearest you this Sunday The melting pot you find now which one you guys going to pour later? They're in for a lot of them waiting for Josh and George by the way Josh. You know, he's not aware of it, but George is picking up the check. He doesn't want to make you feel bad nah Cross brains there's a melting pot in bulk a North Miami Beach Cooper city and Kimball face five sixty two a this is the new Nigel shell you feel you feel Alfred Serving I think I gotta do a whole show on Magic Mushroom. Don't you? I don't know what the damn thing about them about hallucinogenic shrumes. Although I do know they sell them in so many herb places and unsteaded herb. I'm not just talking about regular shrumes that you slice up and put in your steak or in your liver. You can just show some in your liver though. It's always good cleansing experience. Well you know a lot about shrumes? No, I've never had to play. I think I kept in Dave. I think I've been used to do shrumes. Yeah. That's a show. That's a show I'm providing. Well that's why I was always crawling around on a floor during that show on Zeta. Those were the days, baby. Those were that Mary Hopkins said on Apple Records. Remember that Apple label? Mm-hmm. The Beatles label? Here's the Beatles. Six and now there's a guy that it's saw us a Solomon saw us a Solomon. He had some talent in it. He was as wooden as a cigar store Indian. He made Randea as look like a Mexican jumping being. There she is Mary Hopkins, baby. She's popping it. Mary Hopkins. He's popping on it. Those are the days. They're lovely times like some kind of I've never seen a faggin' game from where I come they are so very rare. But what I saw it made me want to throw on them. But I knew that it was in polite to stare. Those are the games I saw for them. How about that? We got a bit for everything, man. I think what we're going to do is, uh, be the next three years. Just play them all, starting now from 8 to 10. I, including the ones we're not supposed to play. But the end of the start of the day. Our joys were playing prison bitch at 12.15 a set of noon, no, 45 times in a row. 643 votes, uh, and let me say again, there's not a damn thing wrong with that bit. What's the erudist thing people do? Cell phone abuse, 176. Yeah, using that cell phone. Very, very, I'm tired of cell phones, you know. I mean, it's nice to have one. And if the thing rings you, you take it out in the hallway, you're out outside, you're, you know, somewhere. And you answer it to you. I'll drop a boba, buy and you do your thing. But these people, one like, in fact, a lot of people, I still say that there are people talking to a dial tone, well, there's no dial tone and cell phone, but you're just talking to emptiness, right? Because it kind of will press you. Well, uh, I think, uh, got the two appointments before three, but I think maybe it wins squeeze you in. Yeah, right. Squeeze this cell phone abuse, 1706. We're getting really tired of it. In fact, the new floor to law that went into a fertilized October, which is if somebody misuses their cell phone around you and irritate you, that's right. There are hazards to your mental health. Cunning in line 10, that's one 10 just went up again. Especially if it's a supermarket, they love you. Or, or, or, anywhere. Yeah, anywhere there's a line. Cunning in line while you're standing online, one 10. Ping on the toilet seat 96. Get, you know, get a compass in a road map and find that hole. Oops, speaking in Spanish 58, farting in public 35. That should be a lot more. Oh, I mean, I realize some people can't control it, but if you feel the urge coming on and you're like standing online, kind of like, uh, I know what I always do. I always kind of like move away from people, you know, as far away as possible. Just move away. That's right. And then I'll like you. And then of course, when people start sensing that there's something in the ear, like Thunder Fad Newman would say, I like get that sour. Look at my face like, oh, man, who cut that, you know, even the wife. You do it right. Oh, that's exactly how you do it. Oh, the dog must have done it. Of course there is no dog with the imaginary dog. Partying in public 35 should be doing much better than that. Stiming parking spaces, 34, although maybe these people like sniffing other people's parts. I don't know. Possible. People who don't return phone calls like Greg Reed 29, just ask D.F. Ask, uh, Rimmer, ask anybody to manage their party. Ask Joe Bell. One of the things he first told me, our first conversation, I believe, is about how Greg when he was over a kiss Greg never returned his phone calls either just once I think. I've about a hundred. He said that check ass. In say that, but you don't have to. To learn their well, he's got to spell right. Now he's going to, if they flaunt their well 29 being loud while people are sleeping 27. I hate this pull 24. Driving slow in the left lane 17 being like a human blocking, uh, like an impediment. I hate that. Picking those in public five tailgators for and burping in public. So lament a still. Face only three. Fad Newman's maybe the Dutch aren't as rude as I thought they were with a loud little girl taking a restaurant or anywhere they deserve to move the strikes and they just let it go. Here's the good news man. Oh God, how low can you go, W? I wonder if he's sitting on a bench in Del Rey. President Bush is approval rating has slumped to 31% a new USA that they gallop for the lowest of his presidency and a warning sign for Republicans in November election. The survey of a thousand plus adults taken this past weekend shows Bush's standing down by three points in one week. He's dropping faster than a bowling ball from the top of the Empire State building. His disapproval rating also reached the record of 65% 65% disapproval rating. God, even the guys across the street aren't doing that bad. It's a challenging political environment. It allows his Tracy Schmidt, a spokesman for the Republican National Committee. I guess he knows her Schmidt, but we're confident that ultimately voters know that we're recognized that a Democrat Congress would simply not be equipped to ensure either economic or national security for our nation. Right. Could do the great job of his Republican Congress is doing. Bush's fall is being fueled by an erosion amongst the poor from conservatives and Republicans in the poll. 52% of conservatives in 68% of Republicans have moved the job he's doing both are record-alose among those groups. Moderates gave an approval rating of only 28%, liberals only see it they, Solomon they see it they. Ready for that? Right. 7% set they. Here people say he's got a hardcore that'll never deserve him. And that's been the case for most administrations to Charles Franklin. I wonder if he's can to Ben or Bonnie political scientists at the University of Wisconsin. Wasn't Bonnie Franklin on family ties or one of those horrible shows or data time? Well, uh, wasn't that the one with Pat Harrington Jr. That is correct. Who is the a janitor? Oh, oh, no. Those shows. Anyway, Charles Franklin studies presidential approval ratings, but for the last few months he said we started to see the hardcore is seriously eroding and support only the dumbest of the dense. Only the most far-bison of the, uh, far-bisoner are still hanging in there. And the rest are running away from him like he, uh, had, uh, leprosy. Only four presidents have ever scored lower poor ratings since Gallup began measuring in the amid forties. Harry Truman, given how Harry, Dick Nixon, Jimmy Carter and George Herbert Walker bush. When Nixon Carter and the other worse than fellow 35% they never again were pretty fidgeted at a vote 40. How do you go like that? Well, they never made that big comeback that the media has already foxed. I'm sure has got it set up. All here comes the big comeback. Not Truman, Trisack into the low 30. But 30 minutes. And then Rosen, the 60s, but the third time is rating fellow, stay below 40% as well. I wonder if the family must have been after he bond with Jams. He's still, although, well, who knows historically has been pretty devastating to prisons at this level. Franklin says, even Republican members of Congress are now so worried about their electoral fortunes in November that he has less leverage with them than they normally would with his own party controlling Congress. In other words, they don't want them to do it in the cycle. Like I said, like, let's let pursue. He's like a disease. Stay away, please. No, come anywhere near me. You're unclean. Don't, yeah. I don't want anything to rub off. All right away, those phones are ringing. I don't know if I got a time for any of these goofball calls. WDQAM, hello. Neil, yes sir. I'm just a bad father through for a question. Can you answer it? Well, I won't give it a shot. Okay. Michael, just learned his father was shot and he walked into the house and he walked into the room. Clements were seen there with the lady. Yeah, never when he just got to the house and he chased him. He said, sorry, it was a lady sitting right next to Clements and he also shook her hand. What does she play in that movie? What? What? What did he say? Do you know what he's talking about George? No idea. Maybe somebody will know. Some of the sudden, there's a much smarter than we will call him. Clements are sitting with a lady. I don't Clements are sitting. Leave the gun. Take the gun. And I said that. Then, in fact, he almost said that to you. So that was only with Pauli, which scene is he talking about? After the Don get shot, Michael walks into the room and he says Clements is sitting there with some lady. Yeah. He chased Hanswood lady and Clements are chasing her hand and everybody would be put to move out. I don't know. He just cleansed me. Who the hell does? Yeah, that probably. He doesn't. He doesn't. He's a man that paid respect. I must have been Mrs. Clementsa, which I don't think we saw her more. I don't know if we saw her. It ought to be honest with you. Because what's face is when you marry to a big tub like that. You got to probably squashed like a neck. Who was he getting the Kodoli's for? Because I thought it was her. It was for her. But did we see her? Oh yeah, that's right. She was standing in the door of thousands. She said, don't forget the Kodoli is going off to the mattress. There we go. We can compare it. If we go in the mattress. We're going out to find a place to hide with the mattresses. Remember that? Uh-huh. And that's why they took Polly along. You know, they stood out to hate, oh, I got to take a leak. You know, okay, you got to take a joys leak. That's right. It can't say leak anymore. Right. And then of course, he gets out of the car to go take the leak and leave my in the car. Oh, probably mostly. Yeah, that's the end of the day. That's the end of the day. That's the end of the day. That's the end of the day. That's the end of the day. That's the end of the day. That's the end of the day. Oh, that's the end of the day. But I'm sorry. But the acting by everybody that we were with. Right. Even car first one in the original one. Just phenomenal. James Con, Robert Duval. And I don't know if the actors have played so many of like Jack Walsk. Right? Right. They were all. Frankie Pintangely. My co-crawly only did this and my co-crawly only. That's an assure. Whatever you want. That's that that's seen is so beautiful. You know, and me what his brother would have read Beret is standing in the back. He had a little red baller. Yeah, a little red ball. The one that Joyce usually had in her mouth. It's 1113. Speaking of going to the mattresses, once again everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump. The good folks at dial-a-mactors. 1-800 mattress. Want to help you through this a little bit as much as it can. Dial-a-mactors is offering you a free tank of gas in his outwards. You simply take the full amount of any gas we see off your next mattress purchase. Up to 10% of the purchase. It's been 35 bucks at the gas pump. Then take 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 bucks a more. It's been 50 at the pump and take 50 bucks off any purchase. A 500 bucks or more. You'll need to gas for easy to save this money. Why grab all over town wasting that expensive gas? Skip those small infernisher stores in so-called giant cinematches business because I know and you should know too. For the best deal on your new mattress, just make the one easy call. Sit there on your fat ugly ass. Call 1-800 mattress right now and save a lot of money and a lot of time and grief. As always, you choose the date and time for delivery within 2-1 to the that you pick seven days a week from 8-10 pm when it's convenient for you and they show up on time. When you call our good friends at dial-a-mactors, 1-800 mattress you choose when there is largest inventory of brand-day mattresses including CLE and Cirta and King Coral and Simmons and Temporary Pd. and Stearns and Costa Huit, he can do it. Call 1-800 mattress right now or on the wicked web log on to mattress.com. Call 1-800-MATT-R-ES from the smartest piece of shopping you'll ever do. Leave off the last as because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-6. She fake short gazzums. I fake four-plank. There you go! That's enough juppies! Get your ass your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! Get your ass! 11-18 if you haven't just had a great story on CNN, I'm certainly not he news now. Work about Latin talk posts. They're running a campaign. Name your baby after Lou Dobbs. Really? Oh yeah. I hate him like poison man. Oh you're the illegal. That is. Well these are illegal as on a year. Although of course in this place. I have a lot of illegal work in the farm. If there are legal or it's a horde of the... I can't help but buy a new format. Cause I don't call them up and down. I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I don't feel much to say this. Oh no this is the... It's after the next the birth of man. That's when the mom and grandmother dancing with the economy. No see, you don't hear it. No, that's going. Holy moly! Right? Oh wait a minute. So Elmer says I believe Lady the caller was talking about in Godfather. What's time Higgins wife? Oh yeah, we didn't see a lot of her. I think Elmer may have it. Oh you know something? No. In Godfather's tree. We say wouldn't pay rubber to all enough money so he wouldn't go in it. Remember in the opening scene there? Tom Higgins. Yeah, I was in there. She's there. Have I told somebody to introduce her? I guess Michael. As you remember Higgins was taken by Salotsa with that time and that's why Clementsa was consoling her. Hope to yourself. Thanks Elmer. You demand. You demand. You'd have to wear this killer. Here we go. I think. Walk solid. Not going. Maybe you already passed. Maybe we passed you? Probably mom and dad. Maybe we already passed. Did we pass you? Probably mom and dad had been so excited. All right. I don't want to scare about the music. I just want to let him pass him out of prison. Mama's probably only. The question. Oh I'm making a seat of wedding tape. Oh, but remember you said, woo. Yeah. He held his hands almost as a high and wide apart as sunny as wife was doing there when she was describing something there. I'm sure she was talking about the size of the wedding cake. What's the rudest thing people do? 694 vote. Cell phone abuse 185. Put those phones away. Okay. Shut them off. Return your calls later on when you're in private. Get them out of my face. I'm not impressed. Cutting in line 114. Peeing on the toilet seat 100. Speaking in Spanish, 80, 65. Speaking in Spanish while you're peeing on the toilet seat and talking in Spanish on the cell phone. Oh, that would really frost my fat ass. Parting in public 35. A steaming parking space is 35. And of course in Florida. And this is no joke if you're visited or Florida. Don't be a mess with anybody over Parkance Bot because it's very, very common. I think that people do shoot each other. That's something they take very seriously. Hazard is tear. You can steal their wallet, steal their kids whatever, but don't steal their pockets. A pocket spot. They give it to you. People probably turn phone calls like Greg Reed 31. People who flaunt their wealth has got bad turn demand. People like Donald Trump. Like Greg Reed, he belongs in that one too. You know, with the first brother sued and, you know, I was like crappy haircut. I was kind of negative to anything else. That kind of the recent Miguel Faggy haircut. I hate this full 29 being allowed while people are sleeping 28. Make a lot of noise. Like crank it up to stereo while everybody in the hood is trying to catch a little shut eye. Driving stolen the left lane 26. The elevator's only 7. Picking your nose in public only 6 and burping in public. It's still only got 3. We got 695. I think we definitely got a shot. What do we need to get about 800 and some odd by noon? 800 odd. I was thinking of the new format we could just do with Godfather radio. Alright. And I know there's that Godfather trivia book I do believe I have it somewhere. And at home, I'm sure I got it. I think there's one in here though. Is there? Let's sure. I do get it here on the hell. El Martino. But what? What? What? This hot ice cream. I have the one hot fish. You can't talk about it. But come on. Yeah. But I can't believe. I know we're in 3rd. You go from hell. You go from hell. I pray. Because you know who I am. I'm no green. I made my phone when you were going on. You're in July. So you. Wait. What's that? What's that? It's just a band. I hate this thing. Boy, are you going to go to my apartment? I'm going to go to my apartment. We're missing cars off the street. We're going to be out of whatever it is. He has hurt me. Say. That's bad. You're like a student. All right. My life is for you. But how are you? I've heard what I'm one. I don't know. Two kids. I'm going to make them out. Bitch. Now, would you say that that's the most famous line of the country we're going to make a non-for-can root fuse. Probably the most used in the court. No, no, I tell you. Thanks to your, which I've never watched it. And even a book of Ryan Semida whole first season on a video. I still have a must in won't watch it. But the most stolen and coded line is. Something you put it brings all over your life. I believe so. I'm not saying that they invented the word the expression about a being. But I mean, you know, right? It's it's a big. It's out there. It's huge, man. But I mean, in fact, there's even the case of the very thing that's there. There's these side marios. There, right? Here? Yeah. I don't know. In fact, there was one or by the sawress. But I believe they were long gone. But yeah, there's these side marios. And in their TV spots, they had the whole thing of it. It's about a being better boom. And the real greasy kind of weirdo guy. But a being better boom. Me, son, mario. Yeah, you've seen that. I'm sure. You know, like my godfather format, let's do it. I love it. He's talking about it. What's this? Look at what we've got over doing in the league programming here. I can't believe it. I just changed the, I just changed the cut on there. And it played the same on again. Oh, there we go. Now, have you ever had that happen before on a CD day? All the time. Have you? Because that was kind of freaks me on. So what I'm going to do is maybe not, I don't know. Maybe today. I'm going to go out and get godfather 2 and godfather 3 and godfather 1 and 2. And I lower it to book version and all of Malvia. All the things soundtracks. All the virtues. All the virtues of the soundtracks. So there you go. That was Tom Higgins' wife. That's right. And that's easy. But I don't know because that's not really the scene. Because that was when Tom Higgins was taken by silo. So, maybe he was our Christmas shopping. Yeah. It's fun. But that was when we did it right. Yeah. And that's right. That's after the hit the old man after we got sold out by Paul. And traded with Sidney. It's a car. It's a car. It's a car. What is hidden is hands. You know, this like Michael said, I want my brother coming out of the turret with just his head in his hand. I know that was the sonny said that. And he said, and they're on the curb. Again again. And they're consoling Tom Higgins' wife because of the fact that they got Tom. Right. Maybe I could help. You're out. Tom Robert Dubeau. So good. So great. There's an unsung hero man. He's one of my heroes. Right. I thought that we're way too hard out of it that movie. Pop had Jericho look what I was looking at. Yeah. Yeah. And he puts his hand on. And very small cement. 26 past 11 and 5. Did anybody out there hasn't seen the godfather going to know what we're talking about? Maybe it'll inspire you to get with it. I'll re-encee the name godfather. Quit being so out of touch with me. Talk about me being out of touch. Let me say it again. If you haven't seen the godfather, you can't be a real man. Even if you're a woman. You haven't seen movies. That's what I would tell Donna Shalayley and Joyce. So you can't be a real man if you haven't seen the godfather. What's the worst thing you ever did growing up? That drove your mom crazy. Maybe picking my nose and sticking on the back of the bed board. You ever do that? On the headboard? No. On the back of the headboard. Oh, behind it. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. You guys are so full of it. No. Any of my favorite things you got? You asked him. Yeah. What about you? You never did that? Maybe you didn't have a headboard on your bed. I've tried to wipe it under the bed if I can. Oh, no. Well, I guess that's one good way to scare away the boogey man. Yeah. He won't be hanging out there very long. You think it's the boogey man out there, but it's not. He want to make up for it. Come on. Can I do this spot, please? We got spots up the ass. Okay. I don't have time for you to sit around. Just to try to like, you know, be a little smart ass. Want to make up for it this mother's day. Let me know that you turned out okay and send an original for my teddy bear. So we're seeing a beautiful little bear made for my delivered home. We're working with a free card and gourmet caramel and a colorful gift box. And you can only get them by calling me friendly bird counselor 1 800 829 beer or shopping online and Vermont teddy bear.com. They'll help you pick out a bear just for your mom or wife like the nurse. The teacher bear, the business woman or gardening bear. So she'll know you put some real thought to you get for a change. They even have a fun new bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be. What is that? Huh? What was that? Fuggy bit. Oh, the boogey man. That's so that movie that I like was okay. But they ended with horrible. What's his name again? I forgot. Come on from 7. 7. He will hurt. Not a meal. Oh come on. That's a little pansy like a meal. I don't know the 7. Yeah, you do. I know his name. Hey, check out the new all American mom dressed in a patriotic son dress and holding an apple pie and brought you mom's boys out there. Better send the mom's boy bear with a heart shaped mom's hat to on his arm. And dads don't forget as it is every year. It's your job to get the wife a gift from the kids and the mother and come up to this perfect. And as many as he's need, no embroidery or kids names on the outfits. Or tell your wife if you think she's still a hottie, she's still smoking, likely story and send her the yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie. Sending her mom's teddy bear is so much more personal and fun than flowers and for my teddy bears a guaranteed for life unlike those flowers which will and they fade and they die and that's it in no time at all. You can even deliver her bear to the office and she can brag about you to work over because it works like magic every time. Over night delivered a home work is guaranteed too. So call 1-800-829-bear or shop online at vermante de bear.com. Send a creative out there. I'll turn it to flowers from others day to day. Call 1-800-829-bear. That's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R until that old meal. I do mean old and I'm going to let that part emphasize it old meal for the decor. This is the new Roger Alcad. This is 5-16-2-8-6. They're hopping in the back of the scene. Watch them on and clean. Here's the golden light around WQA. Right now. Last night she'd go the booger out from your old crusty nose. Oh, right. You're away between your fingers and that's when things get broke. And I recall our horny, and he's hung it down the phone. That can count so full, say, Bow when splatter don't walk. Oh, then you went through your nostrils, and you found some things in there. Like that fair play takes gloves, and I bought you the wind. And it won't so disgusting what went on from there. And I just sitting on just thinking, you're no one's out with picking your nose. Quick picking your nose. Last told you the least, a hundred times as gross. Well, it is never listen girl. You keep right on pickin' and I'll tell you once again quick picking your nose. Slim Pickins, baby 26-2-0-5-60WQA, and we got the boat camp for man at 2. Man dog 46-3, then the marlins and the braves. Any interest at all, even a little. No, any decay after the marlins try to break that. 10-game home, losing streak. The 8-20 and Florida marlins who want you to build a misdainee. What your money? Who want to reach into your pocket and get you to build a misdainee. We want it. Well, I got, you know, well, let me just get into some of this stuff. Because they see every time I don't want to take any calls, all of a sudden they start calling. We haven't had our usual idiots today yet. We will though. WDQA, hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm about to go on father. There's a version that, um, that, um, I think, was like an extended version where they have, like, at a scene. Yeah. Okay. And, uh, like, for example, I have that, I have a scene where remember what happened along the way I got blown up. Right. And they'll have Michael lying on bed and, and they, you know, or is that the one you know? What, what, what, what version would that be? Because it was there. They're not had and on the regular godfather, like, DVD. What do you mean? Well, you gotta get to trilogy, which is the whole, uh, yeah, it's a whole thing. Yeah, it's a three three different movies. But there's a version that's only just put, like, on cable TV. Like, I saw it once on USC, where they would have, like, uh, like, uh, like, uh, like, uh, like, uh, uh, well, yeah, but I bet you know, I'm not really sure, but I bet you with all these, uh, DVDs, with added teachers and added scenes that they got now. How you're in here that there's a trilogy that's got all the um, all the extended, uh, scenes that weren't in the original here in T. Right. They have, like, for example, I want to, and they also have, like, uh, another scene where they actually show, uh, one of his bodyguards. The ones that that were thinking, care of him in Italy, right? They, they kill him. They pull up his car, oh, yeah, which I don't need to. Right. You know, yeah, from her, I'm not going to pop, pop it to you. They got you. Thank you. Okay, pal. As far as I know, the DVDs that you buy down have all the, uh, added audio. Okay. Just like that, a pop-o channel that I spent towards in the venue, right? And then one about the last years that I've seen, where actually, uh, I was, yeah, last year, I sort of felt like, Yeah, I, I said it one thing about Michael Pitt. He's got the ugliest nipples. If any man I've ever seen in my life, yeah, I have noticed. Well, he will notice. Now that I mentioned it, when you're watching the game. What I want to get right, you know, I don't think it was a good idea. You want to get in. It's time to put them gunna do an enru kunean in me. Well, that's it. Probably wasn't a good idea to buy it. I think it encourages them to make more movies like that if they actually make some money. No, I don't think so. I don't think you're going to make too much off that one. And don't think you're going to be sent any more. Who, hey, who knows, you're $20. Let it be the one that put it over the top. I might have put it right over the other. So Bob, I'm going to get right over the other one. But we are good to Loo, too, man. Hey, did you notice, uh, I can't even tell you who the characters were in, I mean, the one guy's name was Donovan. I know that. I'm not talking about that, but I'm talking about these other people that can, like the older guy, they've chubby guy to keep coming to the house. Yeah, he was the private investigator. Right. But I don't know what his name was. But anyway, he's in the car with Donovan and whoever they're going to end. And all the scenes when they drive into the car, you notice these sun is reflecting off the windshield so you can barely make a see that. That's partly, this is like a total art. It's a wasm-ass, like peak. I mean, oh, yeah, art. He's a crazy man. You see that. He has seen to the car with her. Oh, brother. Anybody out there, if you watch last days, it should be. Last days. It should be your last days. Okay, because that is the worst piece of garbage man. Even Kirk Cobain wouldn't watch it. Even now. Howard Stern says he's been offered a major deal to come back to regular radio via satellite radio. Just like his longtime enemies, Opian Anthony. I guess he's getting tired of talking to a very select small audience. You know, we're not too happy about it. The joke could be on them if I get good and worked and good to worked up because I thought he just made it like a good. If I get good and worked up because it got off from a major deal to go back to terrestrial and stay on satellite at the same time. Stern told his serious listeners and comments replayed in mock yesterday by Opian Anthony. Can you imagine if I go across town against him and all those markets just kick some ass? That would really be cool, said Stern and I broadcast about a tenth of his former audience. And doesn't say ass. It says Abe Blankland in the York Post. Come on man. You're in New York for Christ's Sakes. God. If an offer was actually made to Stern, most likely came from Citadel broadcasting, which is in the process of acquiring business ABC weighted division, including WABC in the York WPLJ and WEPN. And it's headed by former infinity CBS executive Farid Suemon. Once Suemon gets the key to ABC's outlet, he could instantly return Stern to major FM stations in New York, LA Chicago and other huge cities. If serious switches paying five hundred million over five years for Stern's Apostolic Social Services have reused to trade exclusively for cash. During a recent investor conference call, CEO Mal Carmason said he's not entertaining reverse licensing offers, but and it does mean we couldn't do it in the future. He just turns agent or Suemon return calls. He's a second comment. Man, it ego that he's just, oh, I know something I'm sorry. He made me the funniest person on the face of the day of which he's not. Maybe 20 years ago he was, you know. But it just, I can't, I just can't deal with people with big ego. Yeah, man. When you're making that, why do you need to have ego when you're making that kind of money? You know what I'm saying? Why would you need to ego? Well, what's the point? I don't get it. God, I just don't understand it, man. Of course when you work in this market and in first-to-understation, you can't have any ego. I've told you that for 30 years now. Or help you. Or help you. And it's true. Any ego. Oh. Wow. What a fucking audience. I think it's her music. What if he organizes a mad Damon's friend from that movie that I said? What the hell is the name of that movie? The tell the mystery. Remember? Uh huh. And he met that guy in Venice that liked to play the organ. It's 1140, 20 till noon at 5, 16 WCM. Of course, so they were out there and had both the boat of them. He came to a bitter end, his friend. And what's that was her name? What is her name? The actress that we'll meet is one. Quote of Paltra? No, no, no. He's the one to keep chasing after him. The real hornie at this bro at this bro bitch. Oh, I get that. Look it up. Oh, come on. Can't even think of her. Can't even hear her. She was so mean. She was all over him like stink on Greg. Anyway, look at him. Look at him. If you're going to be embarrassed when you look at him and you see what while I'm sure I'm already embarrassed. She is so mean. In fact, if you look at me as kite in the dictionary, you see Ben Franklin saying Go fly one. Kate Blanchard. Uh, no. Is that who it is? Well, it was either her or what it's called. Now it's Kate Blanchard or Philipsy more often. I doubt it was her. No, wasn't her. That was Freddy. He was so cool in that movie. Freddy, you're asking. Freddy Miles. You like the way you hopped out of that little car in the, uh, Yeah. He answered all I reported to him where would it help another was in. That was in the, uh, P.H. to Dispine, yeah, believe in by the Spanish steps. I don't know where the hell was. See, that was trying to show. It was by American Express there by the Spanish steps. That's why I had to go get my American Express card replaced after the gypsy still not quite a card. Hey, if you're a cigar smoke, we're like to hit back with a good premium brand. And but he is a guy as by Tony Rihanna is for you. He's hard to find cigars. I made with the first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years. But he has a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch, hard, uh, small batches hard to find tobacco. But he had gold, the flagship line to say 91 rating by cigar. Fishing out of cigar insider and 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body nickel wagons. He guards earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate. That's chocolate, spicy pepper flavors. Also, try to be hit disabled. How does release cigar in the last 10 months. It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar. Fishing out of cigar insider. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with the visual spice and a note of charred wood. For a south-loaded tobacco in this near you, log onto Fihia cigars.com or call 1-800-35 by here. That's 1-800-35B-A-H-I-A. This is Neil Roger. This is 516-816. Let me tell you something, my craft, Nick, friend. You can't say how bad the oil thing needs to keep the gas low and low. Nothing more than to a perfect clean. No one's just controlling the oil. After we take you to the sky, up to quick things in the chat. Now you guys stay, are you with your heart? But you can't say, please, please, please. After something may be like sugarcale. It's highly time, may it be, may it be. After something may be, may it be. There they can profit, and then all done, all done. How? Open world of middle class, but then it can't trash it. No boss, it says you push your schaest. It's over with how? Reck-o. You hear me say, no, we dare. I can't be too touchy, cry. I can't be too touchy, cry. I can't be too touchy, cry. I can't be too touchy, cry. I can't be too touchy, cry. I can't be too touchy, cry. I can't be too touchy, cry. Again, when I see you, I can't be too touchy, cry. You can't be too touchy, cry. and it says here leave my friend's prize alone. Right, my used to do that. Let me show you my still, but really, you know, how to die with her as often. I'll use his. Nasty. I said you lost it. I was Craig Werther. When Sidlevina and he and I went to a Ruth Chris was it last year or the year before for that reunion? I realized, you know, Craig's had some tough times, although he had that time, there was this biggest and apartment building. But, you know, he was, and he's, I've seen him do that many times before too, as I have to do that. Oh, uh, how are those? Well, they're gonna let me, let me try about it. Oh, so, how's this? This guy, let me see how though they're. Just what to say about it. Yeah, it's just the way to over an even like half whatever you've got there, whatever you got. So, yeah, I don't know how you want to phrase that if you want to put that on there. We'll leave it up to Josh. Oh, we'll leave it up to Josh on his birthday. We're gonna put the owners on him. The owners on his bonus. Right. You want to put that on or not? It's up to Josh. Yeah, sure. People who steal food off of, you just wait to see how many stories I sent him for the mod, mate, because I don't like that to slack an office, you know, nine stories. That was my bad. That was an oversight. I thought I sent a lot more than I probably did. So you're having no way of going back and, you know, yeah, I know it'd be hard to look in this sense, mate. Well, you, and what is it? Doesn't do it that way. Do it means a really real client. He uses the Alexa bar. Uh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, so much faster. You couldn't be like lightning. In fact, you know, something I could probably say 200 for a mile and wouldn't even take like more than 10 minutes. Ha ha ha. You be amazed. I'll take that as a hot those babies out. I'll see actually what it is. I've probably sent about 20 and after he did the first all the way, I don't think he didn't know this morning anyway. But after the first nine, he was in such a state of super from celebrating his birthday. I understand it. I haven't celebrated yet. Oh, tonight's the three nights and under his army is slashed. No, I'm going to go to the melting pot. Have a nice dinner and I didn't even want to go get slashed, right? We can start there. They have nice martinis. Oh, yeah. Flavored. And so loot. Chocolate martinis. 764 votes. I want to see, we have close to 800 by the top of the R by noon to give me a little ceiling that we got a shot of a thousand. And we get a thousand a day. We will not put Lady Marquez on from 10 to two. The rest of the week. But if we don't, I don't want to let the shredding or anything like that. But it could be pretty hairy. 70 Q I M. Hello. 70 Q I M. Hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir. The guy who was calling earlier, he box that has everything. Running the three, the whole three movies, all the extras, all the BS, you were not got it right when it came out. Absolutely. So yeah, you want everything that the place to go get the bomb. You're talking about VHS, so this guy probably wouldn't have a doll. We need each other. Yeah, I think that's exactly it. All right, thank you. I appreciate the beta version myself. Thank you. Yeah. Which is rather flat. See him. Oh, ribbon there. The living says a way to dare to do a similar like every king who's a Jew, try to be an Italian or a Guido. Here's that. Italian. All this stuff is a lot of men. We know again. This is a scum. So that thing we played the old Padrino is not Anthony. Yep. It's a shame. You know, I wouldn't get really pissed off of myself because I'm getting sidetracked with this guy's father's. That's your fault. Somebody's out of it. President Bush says his best moment is President was the time he caught a seven-pound large mouth bath. Do you see this story? This is this is so typical of an idiot. You know, this is what we're doing. It's all. Oh, right. Frankly, I would say that probably was his biggest accomplishment. Other than all the people that he caused to be butchered and died and wounded and lives destroyed. During his more than five years in orifice, Bush has traveled to the world's most impressive city. He's never with worldly business entertain celebrities. But when the German newspaper bill, the answer to the name is best in worst moments of present, Bush gave an offbeat answer about the best moment while giving a more predictable response about his worst. The most awful moment was 9-11. He said, adding that it took time to understand the depth of the terrorist attacks on the US. Especially when I was sitting there in a classroom and Sarah's sort of reading my pet goat. And looking like a deer lost in the headlights. I would say the toughest moment of all was after the whole reality, something I was trying to help the nation understand what was going on the nation. And at the same time, the empathetic for those who lost lives. I think he could less the EM off empathetic. Bush admitted was not easy to pick a best moment because I've had a lot of great moments. I would say the best moment was when I caught a seven-pound large mouth bass on my lake. He eventually said, he appeared to be joking about the cancer. Sprets say since the seven-plus pounder wouldn't while any anger in the low-and-star estate, a large mouth bass has to be more than 15 pounds to crack the top 50 biggest catches, according to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. But his answer was a wiper for political observers who watched his administration stumble over the past year with the war in Iraq, Hurricane Katrina, a CIA league probe and the Dubai port steel olive witch have dragged his approval rating down there to 31 today, 31, 21, 21. It was also reminiscent of a 2004 press conference when Bush was asked to name his biggest mistake he couldn't come up with many. At least this is Valence said Larry Sabato of the University of Virginia Center for Valence, he can't think of his worst mistakes or his best moments, maybe that's how he's superb. It's all beauty. He also said, I doubt his wife will be pleased if he wasn't a name to an official moment, at least he could have done his name to a moment with Laura. I'll wait a moment here about those, especially the ones with a cucumber. Bush also said Sunday he gained a glimpse in a German Chancellor Angela Merkel's soul when they met in Washington last week. He told Germany's art to tell him he's in a Merkel described for youth and communist East Germany at a White House dinner Wednesday. She talked about her dad was a pastor and she talked about the different pioneer clubs and schools and also gave me a chance to get a glimpse into her soul. It was a what? Oh, soul. So, as in David's soul and don't you dare play that damn thing? How about Jimmy's soul if you want to be happy? Remember that song? I mean, you don't have that. Forget about David's soul. How about Jimmy's soul? If you want to be happy for rest of your life, then ugly woman be your wife. Oh no. I can't believe it. Yeah, I love this man. He's a mega-planet. I'm about any idea what you're about. I shouldn't even come to post. That's me three. All of you deserve it. Jimmy's soul, baby. That is his name. That is who it is. Yes. Jimmy's soul. Just to let you know, the gang's who would be with, well, without burden coming. Well, the gang's who would have burdened coming is just like the role any stones without Mick Jagger. Right? Right. I mean, what's the deal? Oh, you don't just play stolen. I say, let's you to big holes and even tools. I always probably already got one. Get him out of there. Get him off my children. Get him off my children and be for you, ass. Get him off my children and be for you, ass. The guests who without burden coming will be appearing at the 30 annual Metro Day City Parks, loving Sunday, May 24th. Well, isn't that that is some sensational news. Not I got 10 of the players to be there. I guess there isn't anybody in this audience. They were playing a slot machine next to Burton Cummings for a very long period of time. While he and his lady, a friend or daughter, whoever she was, we're winning and winning and he was acting like a real jerk. You know, it's just as well that I didn't know who it was when he was sitting there. I had an inkling, but I had to hadn't seen him in a very long time. And boy, he's got the big pot belly now and he looks about 100, which he probably is. All of a sudden, like me. Great voice, though, man. Great music. Can't knock it in the music, but I just, I just don't want to know him. Never been this little boy. That's quite. Yeah, it really is very low. Yeah, me, you know about hearted. Just absolutely great. And you see this thing about meaning celebrities boy. You're right, what is cracked up to be. Like the time that guy brought his wife to meet me at the dolphin game. And I just sat there like a lump. Well, he thought I was going to be up in the start screaming and dancing around doing. Cause I was getting up. What is he doing? What is he doing? I don't know. For the dance to this, I just want to find out if she was an American woman. Well, she worked at five to do my sheen. Oh, nice, and then you'll land with her. And you'll... Something to worry about. I just like to have needles with that sort of story. They're helping her. Hold it. Yeah. I still, you know, there's some things that you just a little bit lingering in your mind. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, that just keeps thinking about what is that? More awesome. Oh, yeah. No time. What do I say with possibly my favorite guest. For the third one. I don't want to shoot. I like Charlie. Don't believe me. I don't have that. I don't have that. I've got it. I love Charlie. No. I love Charlie. Oh, man. Good Canadian boys to be as so, guys. I'm so new. I don't get it. So like I said, he was exactly what you'd expect him to be. Some mug lump from my aunt, Albert or somewhere. We'll, uh, yay, who we're looking at. But for great music. Oh, you're taste in music as terrible. Oh, okay. What do you say? Idiots. Lemon from the 7 at 5, 60, every few a.m. If you love voting, you go out and spend a fortune by you. A vote and then boy, that's just the beginning of all the headaches. But here's the deal. Do something really smart if you want to have the fun of voting. And that is called Club Godico and 1 800 vote rent right now. Life pay all those expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle free. Join the club club. Call 1 800 vote rent. You'll be just amazed at how easy it is for you. They take all the grief and all the headache out of enjoying the voting in South Florida. No docking costs, no expensive upkeep knowing shirts, no hurricane preparation. And when you have a boat in Club Notico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable too. Call 1 800 vote rent. You don't have to worry about getting the vote ready. Just like they were doing there in the speaking of that math payment movie. What tells the movie? Tell the risk of regret. Think that's about waiting in the boat of one out there. Well, do law didn't come back. No getting the vote ready. Club Notico does it for you. No cleaning up either. They also take care of that. All of these. All of these things. At Club Notico just hop on your boat. Go have a sensational time when you're done. Pull into the dock. Get off and run away. And they'll take your all the rest. It's that simple. Club Notico 1 800 vote rent from unlimited voting. The pays you go to small boats all the way up to yacht charters. Club Notico or the people you want to be talking to. Call 1 800 vote rent. Let Club Notico take a reply to fit what you need in your budget too. Get on the water today. The smart way. The inexpensive. The hassle free way by calling. Tool free 1 800 vote rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. More how to name. And this portion of the Neil Rogers is a 12 to one hour is brought to you by the Leder 12. One two two four five six of me. And 11 twelve. So like she's a pizza. Or for me. Oh, how would it even go to the room? I am here and you are... And I can't say anything more than that for me. Thanks a lot more Paul, but I got a midday show guy who's a fool, Boca. Yeah, yeah, that's like I wanted to. You met him. Yeah, out in the hallway. I don't know who I'd ever would. Thanks on calls and shall we? Prestigious and Budcariacity. Who? Yeah, hi, ma'am. Yeah, what do you know what is it? What are people going to realize this? This is a sports show. It's nothing else. Absolutely. Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports. Yeah, by the way, some. They paid me the ogle and in my event. This here is a show for men. About men. Like there's Millie Banz and Chaps. You stole the pizza? Yeah. You stole the pizza? I did not take no pizza. You stole the pizza? I don't pay ridiculous. You stole the pizza? I don't know what to talk about. I didn't steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. No, I did not steal the pizza. I stole the pizza. How's he here? I ain't no bye, by the world. I stole the pizza. I did not steal the pizza. I can't go in the only head one slice. They're okay. So it was a whole pie. Who cares? Those bummed I had no power. I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot too, you know. There was no doctor Brown. Just don't taste the same without the doctor Brown. That's rude. I read my own sentence. Good night. But kiss my ass. Dr Brown's blanks here and that is of course for the real kind of sore. The discriminating kind of swear. Do you tell me you don't like blanks here? I don't like blanks here. I don't like blanks here. Well, too bad. I'll take that one. I don't want to. I just have a regular thank you. Well, go right in. We have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit I'm going to try my birthday doing your thing and on a Josh's birthday they're going to the weirdo's are laying out you know the eight people who make about 9% of our calls those people that crowd it's sure that I'm not bringing the four of them maybe they got to butterfly that I'm just running them off which would be a blessing to the human race but nevertheless I got a big pile I got to like get to my appointed rounds including more godfather Today noades with that is the pick up on the data gone out Michael your report of an all-around out for a little bit only evil of his ears a member me labor are usually Here is he? Remember, in any way, you turn your average. That's good, little boy. This is called a Sicilian pastoral. It's a chit-yong pastoral. Anyway, she's repulsed when she maddened Jesus and Mary Magdalene, married. But the Del Rey Beach mother of two has learned this claim as one of the central premises of the divinci code, the controversial terror of his infeaters May 19. My suggestion to facilities don't go and see it. Right. The film is based on the best selling novel by Dan Brown, the book which has published in 2003 and told more than 40 million copies, wow, what a whopping number. Many Christians disputed assertions about the history documents and ancient rituals of Christianity. Among retlames, Jesus and Mary Magdalene had a daughter who descendants began a world bloodline in France. So I guess their first child was necessarily a Magdalene child, although a mother of a woman. Maybe it was a she was kind of a lynch and he's daughter. These are great masses out there who think it's cultural grace, they're there are. I can't even speak about it without shaking. She said, that's the first. That's the first one. She had to get together with my Lutheran neighbor across the street. Another Getsky. Grey 51 hasn't read the book because she considers it a waste of time, but she's helping organize a group of Catholics called Martian front of movie theaters in Bokad, Del Rey Beach and Boiton Beach, the weekend of movie opens. They're going to be more people. Yeah, I'm going to have to go see it a lot now, I guess. Catholics are not the only Christians to criticize the film. Baptists, members of the assemblies of God and churches of Christ and non-denomination Christians are hosting seminars and using their pulpit stew, derived the film directed by Ron Howard starring the uncle's Tom Hanks, who says life is like a box of chocolates. They had an effect they had to redo that movie because Rey niggin and Leipzig said chocolates. So they had to redo it so he would say life is like a box of chocolates. What has most pastors up in arms is people who are not only interested in Christianity will buy into it as the truth so the Reverend Craig Yelts of Tom's West Community Church and West Palm Beach Craig Yelts who puts more bounce to the ounce. The novel begins with a murder of a curator at the Louvre Museum in Paris. The curator is Randott or at a Harvard University professor team up to solve clues the curator left behind. Their sleepless trek takes them from France to England to Scotland as they seek to holy grail which they believe is the cup that caught Jesus blood on the cross. Oh, let's drink from that cup. What they had lies at ends would say my cup run and to over. I think Rey Whitney once said that too. But they later come to believe the Holy Grail is a human being along the way the professor explains facts about early Christianity that he believes were manipulated and misconstrued in later centuries. I wonder if Aaron Gavier said that. The Jesus Mary Magdalene coupling is one of several allegations of the book that outraged Christians. The book also claims the Emperor Constantine invented Jesus divinity and early Christians participated in goddess worship ceremonies. Oh my God, what a bunch of gaskies. But you find that book is not reflective of historical documents that Monsignor Francis Menascals, co-of the US Conference of Catholic Bishop Menascals, co-of the just like saying it. There is no evidence that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene or that he wanted to relieve the church. And there's also an evidence that he wasn't married to Mary Magdalene and wanted to relieve the church. There's no evidence that Jesus was anything, period. To encourage the question about the film so many pictures and entertainment launched the website, thedivincichallens.com where scholars offer their perspectives. Ain't that sweet? Not every Christian scholars playing the protest, and it goes on with list of some who ain't protesting. Tuck against it, Palm Beach Baptist Church and Lake Worth have been encouraged to read the book and see the movie. Two Christian scholars were disgusted. Look at, I mean, talk about wasting time on Kaka, man. Kaka. Are you about how many, you know, how many goofballs can dance on ahead of a pin? It's just Kaka. 20. Yeah, it's her 20. No, I think the answer is not 30, man. You like that. Frank says, one of the rudest to me is what I refer to as lunch stalkers. People that look for you when they know you're probably having lunch to see what you're eating, and then ask you 20 questions about what you're eating. That's why eat my lunch quickly. Then it's like a set of a bits to my car, locked doors, park under a tree and put on the radio show. That's going Frank, excellent choice. Oh, right. I wish I had Frank's problems. Now, I don't, I never heard of a lunch stalker. I think people like if you're having something for lunch and someone is about to order and it looks interesting what you're having. They ask you about it. Like, hey, is that good or is it trapped? Really? Yeah, and you say, well, it's good or anything. Can I taste a little bit to see if I want to order that? No, they think they're working and kind of like you're up and reach over the next table and just stab like a piece of veal or something. I mean, it's not going to hurt the baby cows already dead. So, you know, we can't do it anymore pain to the baby cow. That's what veal Roger says. Is it true? They tenderize the veal while the cow is still alive? I don't know. I hope so. Just to piss off the veal lady. 860, I wonder if it's the veal makes a real squeal, but didn't squeal at eight a meal. Oh, what a deal. 860, and votes on the pool. What's the we better get this pool go on man? We, if we are the 900 by the top of the you want to clock our, I'm going to start having green apple christia right in this very nice office chair. I'm sitting in. What are how long this chair is going to last? I mean, you know, these kind of chairs that you put together. They have a habit of like, uh, followed a part. Yeah, did that one there ever felt like we had to tighten it periodically. Oh, this one's also got the same thing you can tighten it. It's got a screw loose like Bob Vermouth. I've got to ever happen with him. Is he still alive? Yeah. Never had to the time he made such a jackass out of himself and answered in. I guess I've put it that many times. Let me tell you again. Yeah. And every respect, the time that Peter and you'll land the surface did it with some Indonesian restaurant. Oh, what a, sure. What's the rudest thing people do? I'd say the rudest thing they do is come to Amsterdam to build a studio and then before they get a completed and working condition, they get on a plane and go back to Miami. That was pretty rude. That was rude and crude. He's just not the kind of guy I want to be involved with and I'm stood on Bob Vermouth. You know, in fact, just last night at Woodbine, I saw a guy that I wouldn't find being involved with an Amsterdam or even even here. What's the rudest thing people do is cell phone reviews 206 cutting in line 124, being on the toilet seat 106, oh god. 107. See, that just as I said, another one. Another drop hit the seat. Speak it as funny. Well, 92 and of course, we're not talking about New York. Oh, and your house with your family. Talk whatever. Talk in the Sanskrit for all week here. What do we care? Talk about in public. When you're out there in English speaking places like America, don't know a pickative party or came front of other people because we always assume you're talking about us. And of course, you usually go. You know, I was thinking in Spanish, also people signing inside like what you did I, what over there said, hey, talk out loud. Yeah, we want to know what you're saying. Speaking of, well, yeah, but these are people who, of course, can speak English, but can't do it unless only when it's convenient, you know, only when they're listening to what you're saying about that. That would be understandable. Very bad. They're not America. They're not having slow and the less lane for now. It's also free to be offended by that to be pissed off. They're free to do whatever they want. They're free to be an ass. That's correct. Driving slow and the less lane speaking of being an ass 41, farting in public only 40. I don't know why you people aren't like, I guess it doesn't bother you. Maybe enjoy it. Maybe they haven't had the pleasure. Oh, come on. Is there anybody alive? Come on. Who's never been in a store and it all made it where somebody cuts some bad, bad, bad, mal-otlers, cheese, get out of here, man. Never had the pleasure. My ass. I don't want to. Farting in public 40, a steel parking space is 39. Being loud while people are sleeping 35. We're trying to sleep anyway. Flopped there well, 35. I hate this full 34. People who don't return phone calls, 33. Greg, tailgayers, 18. Picking your nose in public 10. Burpicking public still has only three. The whole show has had those same three who are offended by the loud bell. And Stephen Ford, someone's played, just put on her. Somebody got one out of 821. I think we'll make that 1000. The confidence is I would say, men's of men's. So so, middle and it's middle and whatever it is. I think probably the banjo boy group is playing middle and two. Sounds like they're kind of lingo. It's right right here, right right the middle. Right around the middle. Probably in the middle and on the tree where the banjo boy isn't in picking it right now. Picking and grinning. That's our model here at the VBF-easley boy group in Corb-rated banjo boy. Pick and grinning. And you're grinning. With lightning, quick speeds, latest features and security, Comkai, size speed, internet, leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months. With an always on connection speed of six mega bytes, Comkai's, size speed, internet is up to four times faster than DSL 1, 5, and up to 100 times faster than that old-fashioned silly-ass dial-up. Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites. And we can't even begin to imagine what those might be. Comkai's reliable fast connection means you'll be flying to the internet with the greatest of ease. Plus when you sign up for Comkai's, size speed, internet, you'll get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comkai's, perhaps a new video plus, and up to 7 personal email accounts just to be named a few. Not only that, but you also get included in that cafe security tools to even be assured your internet experience is always going to be safe and secure. So what could you possibly be waiting for? Start to in more faster than you ever could before. Don't be a slowpoke, sign up for Comkai's, size speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or too much you wonder how a beer match to live without it. In day call 305 Comkai's and in prestigious 9.54 Comkai's. This is Neil Roddrox, watch, solve it, it's 5.62, 8.00. Care about black people. That's a good, that's a good solution. Don't lie, all the hard-burp, don't go, every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go, that's a good solution. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go or don't, don't go, let get that's the way the weather has been like that's where the weather has been like weekend thud terrain since we were inside of the wall. Don't let go, please even Don't worry then we Please present in trouble Yes, I'll care what it's all To God I'm in my hook or girl Holy Christ, you're right No one's gonna pass Do you and I but have no fear We've got to break me here Ooh, with present in self We're gonna pass you We're gonna pass you Funny past you, they said we put that skirt about blue dogs in the ass Of the latino tacos, urging people to name their babies It's a sarcastic names actually about it It's not on their website, not on certainly not news I hate when they do that They put on very rarely they put anything really interesting I'm using their taning on their show And then finally they do and you look to find more buttons They can name their kids Babalu Babalu, in underordered as you are an ass or Lou Dubs Babalu Dubs I see Here's Ed and for a lot of deals Nothing is worse than somebody who has to get in your face to talking as Breath of it melts paint off the walls Oh, yeah, oh baby Those are the people who get lost Been in there too, he must be talking about my old friend Dr. Ron from Philly at the hockey games What do you think of this? We're a clubman What do you think of this? Door hopper God Then I would rip him on the air and his wife would go on a hallway and cry at the hockey game They get over it all There was just a day to hell away from me, for some not there anyway So that's another good I can give you so many good reasons about 8000 of mine to help not to be there Any more than necessary I'll be through the summer very briefly and believe me it'll be a quick in and out as they say Boy, the old doctor Ron What do you think of this? Door hopper Take the flyers out but together flyers that we need a good job there Doc There's only one doc that knows his hockey nestled doc and work Wait that could anyway Let's do some hockey talk What do you say? I bet you can find some hockey on my TV right now being in a hockey hall, you think? So the fourth one Oh, it's Chris Katwik A game Into a terrific start Into a series of these The Carolina games Nice point The guy who always American don't say a game Chris But he's such a damn cannot wait to play Do you understand or get to the camera so you understand and don't know it's bin Cl found The Indian Vascular Da Vinci Code receives to be a very controversial, may avoid controversy like the plague on his show. The director of the U.S. religious thriller The Da Vinci Code says he sees no need for disclaimer, labeling the film of work of fiction, provoking a review on Monday from Catholic group Opus Day. Oh, I wonder if they're candidors day. What a crocker crap. Opus Day, my ass. Yeah, they beat themselves in a routine with chains with whips and chains. Was filmed man. Filmmaker Ron Howard is ignobs of controversy we knew by a film of Dan Brown's best selling novel, which depicts Opus Day is a shadow-respected, the heart of a nervous conspiracy to conceal dark secrets of the early Christian church. How about the dark secrets of the more recent Christian church as in revealed in Godfather 3, like the Vatican, Baiting, Scandal, Banco, Embrosia, and on my ass. Or the other half of the whole bank. More recent Catholic church, which is the rape of all the little boys. That ain't so recent. Best been going on for years. 50 years, poverty. But the Asklin and Director of a beautiful mind rejected the notion that his latest country of curators claim was requested by Opus Day, stating what he said was already obvious. This is a work of fiction. This business. And like I said, it's that what is the name of the group again in the 30s, the Catholic Yard, you're the one who knows which group. The one that sets are all the films. Oh, the he's the he's commission. Yeah. I think that's somebody that died and gave them the right to decide to censor what that we can see and who can write what and who can we scory a man. Somebody did die. A lot of people and they killed them. Yeah, that's right. They made it an offer that they did refuse. That was a bad mistake. Okay. When a church makes you an offer say yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And then just chuckle, you know. W. This is a work of fiction that presents a set of characters that are affected by these conspiracy theories and ideas, Ronnie, how we told the LA Times and some of the things that the LA Times and some day he was open. Wasn't the on an awful show. Was that show he was on? He was just the end of your book. Yeah. Open. I wonder who was Anthony? I guess Anthony was Michael Sun. Anthony. You're fairly. Those characters in this work of fiction act and we act on that premise. It is not theology. It is not history to start off with this framework. Spythro was known to offer this claim, or she said. Good for you, Ron. Goodchup sweetheart. Let him have it. Open state which serves Ruby distributed so many pictures in April to consider the way to the slamer expressed this in time. They said they could have stood up a little straight or more like a man. A slamer could have filed with his stance. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way, a slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slaster would have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. A slamer could have been a way to stand like a man. me, but I do believe that's a 2327, a Wal-Bag Kimbo camp for a two mad dog at four marlins in the abrasive decay after the baseball spin or eye. The FBI is investigating whether the number three official of the CIA and properly intervene in the award of contrast to a businessman who has been implicated in the congressional bribery scandal on force and official said Monday. CIA executive director Kyle Dusty Foggle already was under investigation by the agency's Inspector General in connection with his relationship to Sandy Eagle, Benison and Brent Wilkes. That's Dusty Foggle who's stepped aside by the way. The FBI recently opened its own probe of Foggle a long time and close friend of Wilkes the official said speaking only on condition in an enemy because the investigations underway. Foggle decided to return from the CIA following the resignation by Friday. A CIA director Porter Mishogaz and tells his official said yesterday. Also of course speaking on condition of an enemy. The official noted that new CIA directors have traditionally chosen their own executive directors run the agency's data data data operations. Wilkes has been described in court papers as an underdog that co-conspirator and applied to bribe and represent a brand new Duke hunting hand now serving a federal prison tour for taking a 2.4 million dollars from government contract bribe. If the agents have also been looking into whether Wilkes applied hunting hand with prostitute ties, limousines and hotel suites. Foggle sometimes attended poker parties if they'll tell them he said that there was nothing untoward about his presence. Right. Probably brought frankincense and more that was probably his presence. Is never the FBI's member? That's right. End gold. Right. I'll take the gold you have the frankincense and Josh can have the murder. Yeah, whatever that is. Exactly. It's a bomb. What is it? A bomb. BOMB or BALM. Take a pic. Welcome to WBLM. The big bomb on your radio dot. Oh yeah, have you seen the book? Oh yeah, it was a bomb. It was a bomb all right. In fact, it's uh, they weather outside is kind of bombing like an Iraqi and bulllinco bit. I'm just, I an incoherent. I know what it is. It's great. What? What? I'm in dry like a what? I'm in coherent. What I have like a uh, I'll be too. That's my favorite. Is it really? I thought your favorite was when we take those great calls. Oh, nothing. We've been taking it all. We're not taking any more today. No. Oh, gee. What? What is this without the audio? Yeah, that's exactly correct. Don't look at your torso in the ass man. We got all the way to noon without any of that uh, crap, swill. Any of those eight people who buy the way will be taken out before this year ends. They will be taken out. I'm taking out for dinner like Georgia's taking uh, Josh out tonight. Just taking out. And then of course, fine. On the day cats and Harris made it official that she is a candidate for the West Senate guess what her colleagues in the Republican Party made it clear that they're ready to work for somebody else. Some of some of the impact the Jeff said she can't win. That was your fan asked governor. That was his very assisting comment. In fact, that's in this story. Why don't you follow your health, Catherine, uh, bug off. Someone they believe can actually defeating comedy West Senator Bill Nelson. Well, guess what? Nobody can be Bill Nelson. No way. The man of the hour is Alan Benz, 54 an affable get along politician from the panhandle who is finishing out his term in speaker of the state House. The loudest voice Monday against Harris's fellow campaign camp from the most important Republican of Florida performer Boyfriend and Panhand's governor, Jeff both. I just don't believe she could win but he said, and of course, a lot of rumors that in 2000 when they were busy fixing the Florida election returns that there was a little hanky spanking going on between them to. But of course, those were just rumors. Right. Back when she was um like a played just the campaign director in the state of Florida for his brother's uh, chances. The governor is using his considerable influence to persuade the panhandle on the state law making to take the punch by Friday's filing deadline in the center race. Many of the governor's financials afford to say that when you open their wallets, let's just say they say they'll give Benz access to their political networks and those closest to Benz say he's finding the art has helped increasingly enticing. He's intrigued by it. The governor is clear of I got a great idea. If students come back to trust your radio, let's put him back on the air in a morning. Yeah. All right. That's not much a really good idea. In fact, Doffkin. Yeah. Doffkin put those headphones back on and get back on and dump buttons again. The governor's clear affection prevents will open a lot of pocket books that John Thrasher for Rouse Speaker and Bush advisor. They're waiting to find out when does the real game start. And the real game starts this week. I think he's going to get in. He said Benz didn't return calls money seeking comment. But most of them, they talked about Republicans from South Florida to Washington, DC to assess the pluses and minuses said to us in Fraser his communication director, to usen. Wow. There are a lot of minuses Fraser acknowledged to run a campaign on this time's scheduled with a men's support to start to find. Katherine, they want you out honey, you thought that you were in and they want you asked back out. You haven't got a Chinaman's Tansen Purgatory sweetheart. Bye bye. Still let's adore Hinyansen away out. Bitch. Now let's see. Let me take a look and see how I could just want to make sure we get around 900 by the oh 872 piece of cake baby. It's that same cake that Michael was offering to Kay and Godfather free. Take it. And she and he and Edith. But he isn't. He's always going to these diabetic comers. Okay. Friendly reaching for Orange Houston candy at Elvata Conno the Jackass. But that was the that was the good priest. Good man. Good priest. Uh, trying to think of the name of the actor. Very famous actor that played that priest who became the Pope. I think you better Google it out Father 3. That was his name. Very, very, very, very, very, pretty, I don't know who was. Now how you going to find that? Carefully? Well I guess I'm probably going to be into the Pope. There's only two Pope's in it. It was the old Pope which they appoisen his tea and he woke up at Marta. Well you're asking me, you don't wake up more than you don't wake up period. And of course the new Pope. What the hell was his name? Oh, was it Cardinal Limberto? That's it. Cardinal Limberto. Rath the loan. Oh, that's not who I thought it was. Never heard of him. Kated with Rath the loan. Telly. Huh? Oh yeah, you don't remember him. We had that. He was involved with the Red Bean. No, no, no. Oh yeah. Come on. You don't remember him? She's all I remember it. I just thought there's no picture. Oh, to see what he looks like. What do you don't need a picture, man? He looked like an old Getsky. He's where he looked like to me. And Art Bishop Gilday was at the one that they threw down the Sterwell. Sterwell. And when Art Bishop Vesman went flying with those flying robes, he was like after he got like after Al Nuri did a little number on me. He was flying. You know, I see what he was floating. You know what I said? Right. Floating down the Sterwell. Prop 40, 20 before. And I was thinking myself, well, well, well, just like in a clockwork orange. Well, well, well, well, well, what a great line of it. Those brits, man. He's just, how come they can't speak? Well, well, what is that? I understand if you have a diol Taskcking New Yorkers in Boston, but what was that all about? I mean, if there's that even and New Portland, it was entirely because it's just Illurgy. Which dialect they got several ways. What do you call it? asc think a.bled up there. What is that? Well, that was the classic bull mon bolnette. I think that's the sutil. Well, they called them. The. I don't think I've heard it. It's one thing you like, a little bit of a bond. It's not something that I cranked up to so little bit too loud. Okay. I think you're the hardest. See, I don't recall that from seeing it the first 400 times, but the last time I was on, I don't think I've heard it. Notice that scene where they have the speakers. Oh, yeah. All pointed toward the right. The room he was in to drive and nuts. Yeah. Oh, I knew what they were doing. But I just didn't know where those speakers were. Uh-huh. Yeah. Did I sound system that guy? Oh, I had one helper system man. He was a little on the shaky side, but he also had a dueling problem. Yeah, well, well, well. Kind of like Jackie handle problem dribbling. I was getting set up. What are the all-time great movies managed right in there with the network? And Godfather? Godfather? Oh, there we go. I keep trying to find that part of your, uh, I'm telling you. Happy<|en|> Yeah, this is the color, my lot of vulnerabilities of banks that was manufacturer town months time and so it's nice. Right And anyway pretty sure what I have the out yeah, I was thinking this during the last break How many times could you possibly watch that and still enjoy it? Among the whole three the trilogy I must have watched it probably 200 times already Yeah, that's all about right and when you know every you know the dialect by heart I mean it's like no surprises I mean back at the change But nevertheless there's still something they got you on a hook you know such a legend they got you hooked and it becomes a party of brain It's like that spins symbol on the wheel of fortune And my machine is mine same thing brain watch 1243 a QA and hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable in these Sweltering South Florida eat all year long. That's just during the summertime, but all year long when it's usually how to then hell on wheels How about getting instant $1200 cool cash rebate in the world smartest air conditioner the five star edition of the carrier and finnily system and Everything's even better for you. It's easy to get it because you can get this fabulous system from voice air and heat We've been taking great care of track how the area families for three generations as a carrier Factory authorized data voice guarantees you're 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier The people who have been in air conditioning and I'll have ended the carry in fit of the system This is really amazing this new system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjust itself to give you maximum efficiency And don't forget not to maintain maximum efficiency on your corner conditioner during the Royce air and heat comfort club Plus year they come to your home they inspect and turn up your system and if you ever have any kind of problem with your AC you'll enjoy Priority same day service and 10% off any need of repairs all of these things all of these things All of these days just 110 bucks a year So whether you choose the two speed and the finish system of pure on or peace of mind audio run by being a member of the Comfort Club either way Make this smart choice the Royce choice ROI CE Royce air and heat. It's a toll-free call 1 800 3 7 7 0 0 75 stay cool and the comfortable all year round with Royce air and heat 1 800 3 7 7 0 7 This is new This is 5 62 Roger You better Don't be no You better Don't be no Don't be no Don't be no Don't be no Don't be no I will make that call make my Say I'll be my She's up alone open a tree Down on the floor just to get up again I'm sure you're seeing us being a floating what a good segue See your psychic powers kicking in again. They're running on gay tours. TV after curabian island attack you saw this I'm sure No, we didn't see this no a young CBS news employees recovery in Miami Beach from a near fatal gay bashing ray vacation last month in St. Martin Two were arrested on Saturday. I've been trying for two things for gay and straight and I'm decided and buy everybody else don't go on cruises in the first place and number two gay people don't go to the Caribbean they hate you like poison right they're homophobic in fact they're generally bigoted in a period That's all don't go to the Caribbean. It's like a cesspool. I think I think that was a kind. Yeah, I'm understatement don't go there Okay, you go to the Caribbean now. Of course. I'm not a floating cuban there because obviously none of our artists is going to Cuba I must say fly to Canada first again an air can of the flight and go to Cuba right I go there anyway Why not a bargo baby in bargo what there's an embargo? Let me see it again. You could fly up here. You can but that would play rash on a plane The bar room Toronto to Havana or whether they do want to go and then you come back here and they go back to Miami Do you want to do that? Do you want to go visit alien and Miguel whatever his name was Cabrera Gonzalez done good. How much are we going to go to Cuba Miguel? I'll take you Josh didn't come back from that last break Uh oh or her now. What was eating this morning during the night? Yeah, I hope you don't have green apple crisp that could serve you. I might you would notice he was answering the board chilly Oh, he was eating a big bowl of chili. We'll level to it That he's probably dropping some chili well at anyway Ryan Smith's communications skills earned him an internship in the Clinton White House He talked his way to jobs with David Letterman and CBS news But today Smith 25 is trouble saying in writing simple words While he and friends vacation April 6 and a Caribbean island of San Martin a small group chased him down He yelled gayslers and smashed Smith skull with a tyron but you're friendly folks down there So don't go to let the Caribbean evil with rosy especially with rosy two people arrested Saturday In our schedule appeared court today T prosecutor taco Stein told him I'm he heard what kind of a name is that taco And by the way prosecutor Stein noise the country Taco Stein you ever hear that name no I've heard of taco But not taco the attack is drastically changed Smith's life. He and his boyfriend are living in Miami Beach One undergoes a lease of treatment for his brain injuries his parents would even know he was gay to live in a The attack have come from all how to help ma Smith's thought process and memory seem fine the greatest reminder of the near fatal beating Not including the surgical scar that circles the left side of his head is his trouble speaking and writing For someone who earned a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University worked as a page for Lord later with David Letterman And been working as a production secretary for CBS's 48 hours in the earth that's been enormously difficult We'd be feasile he was never at lost for words. That hasn't changed. He still has a lot to say his mother Patricia Smith said But he was always able to finish his sentences unlike father What that was his name gay good gigan. I do word association with that. Oh, yeah Gay after the attack Smith and Victor Jefferson 51 a senior producer at CBS news were afraid airlifted the Jackson moral Jefferson suffered a fractured skull How to have a titanium plate insert in his head but was it where we turn in the York few days later Smith's injuries are more extensive his skull was fractured and surgeon needed to remove bone fragments lives in his brain There's still a soft spot on left side of his head where doctors moved part of his skull He needs at least one more surgery to replace the whole with a plate Drs. Express Smith to make a full recovery though. They don't know how long it will take Smith has felt remembering the attack which he could about three a and your son said beech bar in Beacon hill Dutch sand martin his boyfriend just in swenson camp for yet We're just holding each other in the bar. We weren't kissing that making out some guys just started screaming and yelling over reacting I heard one and say what voice but boys Who got on the bounce of I said we would move we did because we money travel said since why three in your fashion model as Smith and Swenson With bamboo burny's bar one of them and tossed charit them. Neither was it the bar manager order the Ingram and leave outside Smith and Swenson met up with Jefferson and few other friends Suddenly a white car with your four people inside try to run them down the car trips Smith knocking him down I saw the car stop and somebody get out swenson said from inside the car a man began throwing paint cans It's Smith's once and others Swenson might have good help. I was panicky said then a guy says to me You got to get out of here or something bands gonna happen to you all the sudden I see Ryan staggering back. I can see his covered in blood blood is pouring out of the wound in his head I see thick with a chocolate fan as face he's holding his head for the first few days And I'll joy so I'm not gonna do it Believe me, I'm very careful keep moving from the first few days after the attack same Martin police It little investigator quite of the victims, but after CBS BBC news ran TV reports the case moved ahead a man and a woman both Friends same Martin residents were arrested Saturday and more rest are expected to sign both French They suspect the names were not released the crimes suspected our grievous bodily harm intended man slaughterstein said The attack has cost some activists to question by the game has been travel should visit the career of a character Oh, yeah, like there was ever any doubt, okay Don't you get it they don't want you there. Don't you understand? Anybody remember came in islands? It wasn't game in islands. It's came in islands They don't want you ash there. I'll care of the rest of either God It's time for Americans to reassess their relationship with islands such as Jamaica, mind say Martin and the Bahamas Either they welcome us all of us or none of us but these so-called paradise is gonna Logo be playgrounds for hentwas sexuals and hentwas for homosexuals national activists and for largely a native way Beasts and recently brought on his website blog The last four weeks have been trying for Patricia Smith and her husband Raymond who live in San Dusky or Ohio And to know this son was gay till he was nearly beaten to that I had an idea about a never-in-ever shooter Well, they'll say I felt he was waiting to talk to us about it She said we love him dearly nothing contains that we had a quick learning curve But we accept the museum is a mess friends in New York and strangers in South Florida reached out to Smith as parents And once it about 150 friends a friend's attend a benefit certainly in New York City And raised about two grand help with living expenses was meant to be cooperated in South Florida When members of South Florida's gay community heard this myth was staying in Miami They moved to help as well finance writer and gay philanthropist Andrew Tobias Lund of vacant Lincoln Road apartment to Swenson who got a job wedding tables at a cafeteria on Lincoln Road Or is that the name of a cafeteria? Huh, it says waiting tables at cafeteria on Lincoln Road Cafe to Adam right now. That's right up here alley not mine Lincoln Road Yeah, sorry pots that don't do just to Joe Ray briz on the partner Patrick Pecharraro Don't need a two units at the man's house. Plans in Miami Beach for the Smith family to use for the first week Then this counted units for the rest of their stay So don't go to the Caribbean. Okay, if you're in no matter what you are just don't go there unless you're a crazy person. Okay. Let's see a man's biggest Lots and lots of narrow minded Raman hateful bigoted goofballs there. I'm trying to be kind goofball In fact, I apologize to all the goofballs for one pigment nine hundred and one votes already man. We have got this lit This is a meal Not just go on to two hour. It's a phenomenon right Oh Yeah What I find six to WQ and speaking of Kimba low campers come over to number Kimba from Mazita Oh, well, she sure I had a deep register, you know, okay? Yeah, fine and dead break in that kid fraction and says and keeping with the leading vote kid In the days pool in their future they're gonna allow cell phones usage on planes that is correct in fact They're already tested that amazing though on it's flight 93 how all a cell phone calls went right through no problem at all That's because it was important. Oh tell what it is maybe the middle of the Lord Well, I'm actually they got in touch for one last call thought was my operator because it doesn't work But anyway, can you imagine sitting next to one of those loud evils it says sizzling they were least gonna have separate people To separate people like the old smoking days it says hopefully the put all the obnoxious talkers in the back of the plane I know I'll be driving a lot more if they don't say Glenn. Well, you better. I'll save up Glenn because we're gonna be doing a lot more driving It's gonna cost you big time. Thank you again, Mr. President for those low gas prices You butcher you you liar you idiot you in the so you bozo a lot of bozos right in a line You know it didn't be original bozo died. They both are the clown. Oh, he busted. Oh, yeah, quite a while ago About half an hour ago at least but there a lot of bozo emitators out there just like there's any emitators You know there's only one bozo and there's only one eddy right right right I looked at that thing we had 911 votes a minute ago 911 without 920. Thank God 9 Something 921 they're pouring in by the ones we got the thousand-like Josh relax on your birthday will be embarrassing Yes, it would not to get the thousand votes. It'll be very very bad Wait in here this big an a radio going in the toilet wait wait to the area did you see a clear channel side-up? T channel? Nope. Oh, you are gonna vomit. I should it's good thing you didn't have well you didn't have the chili didn't you? I didn't I didn't I didn't I can't back though Josh had the chili and I think he just got rid of it. Yeah, you're right about that. Oh No, I'm working at QM as a real moving experience to bad mind. I've had a chance to work a QM I probably would have solved her lifelong problem. You know, Clare channel radio has announced that Wopy Goldberg We'll join the company for a morning drive show wake up with Wopy sent to launch on July 31 wake up with Wopy I would I'd rather wake up in a box with content focused on AC stations to show while air live I'm making mornings from 5 to 9 a.m nationwide. Oh, thank God it's not to life for 10. I could we would compete with that Wopy will offer list is a blend of daily topics as Goldberg will offer list is a daily blend of topics Comedy list or Collins guests and locally program musical be silicate nationally through career radio networks Radio is an area of always wanted to play in says Wopy how about playing playing traffic versus a better idea? There aren't many women helping their own show. I'm sure to add my name that small list because I believe that we have something Add to the morning groove. Oh, God, groove is you know we could team her up with our own goldburg and have a you know goldburg and goldburg show Hank and Wopy Hank making Wopy I doubt it. I already have goldburg and goldstein right? That's the thought we got more than yeah more than enough to use already I think the show could be called good morning to you Wopy is one of those rare artists since appeal crosses all demographics season natural on radio At sea channel president and CEO John Hogan who couldn't drive his finger up his nose says my friend Derek horse paid 22 bucks Derek and talk me off page John Hogan was driving you goofball I probably we retired right now if I bet all the horses that people have talked me off all over the years It should be no surprise that her demos have not stand he's an incredibly accomplished actor right a producer and humanitarian What we make you laugh? I can't even look at her course on ride and do things he's got an appearance for radio like me She makes you laugh and question celebrate all the same time She's exactly what a delk contemporary radio needs for the morning drive and we're incredibly fortunate to welcome her So this DSR this John Hogan What we go or she is and of course look at all the great women on radio now is it serious reaction? It's got Martha Stewart and serious has got Lin Samuels that hold a maid. I mean like I mean Tag hang and who else what are the women around here? Oh? Oh, how are you for yet? You're our american right with the goddess whatever numbers are our dwindling They're just dropping like a rock don't forget Oprah she's on a radio and she has the channel of XM. Oh, that's right. Oh, that's the Oprah channel I thought oh man I'll set out a mine I can't believe that almost maybe we want to play that bit Oprah giveaways But I'll play it later. I love that everybody gets a new liver I like that. That's wrong with having a new liver Nothing especially we've got a little bacon and onions on. I'll keep it in the fridge I don't know whether I really want to go to Taco Bell again They get my burritos of cream and no beans with my sour cream on it and she knew that on my pasta I know I am Jones and for my greenfield pasta They know what that's good. Hmm. Maybe I should get some of that maybe you tell me about that Cheese and a bottle what do they call that cheese sauce right? Like I did go on get the Alfredo sauce that one time. It was very very good. There's only one problem with that It's got a lot of carbs. They call Fettuccine Alfredo. No, no, no, no Didn't have a lot of carbs. They call Fettuccine Alfredo hard attack on a plate right? I think cuz it's got so much cholesterol Yeah, is that what it is? I would assume that the stuff you're talking about will be the same Sure, this is just sound awfully appealing to me though. Man, it sounds really really good How speak your daily oh Oh, man. What can they make food with like no calories and oh nothing? What can they do that? No carbs no calories. I like to eat. I think all this baloney, you know? I don't know all the balones. Okay. What's a great while? That all is BS. Oh, this is bad for you. And this is and then they put this crap on it about how You know, it's lately the chocolate stories every couple of I think Ray Niggins got his finger in that every few days The talking in that we're saying on this story about all while chocolate is really good for you and if you have like one You know like one dark chocolate like one teeny tiny truffle or some crap. Well, who it else got any one? Right you ever get to score bites Look you never got those no, I see how they how they have all these little bite-sized pieces of different candy bars and bags You know plastic bags right, but I have score bites. Mm. I guess you don't have to be score fan. I love score, but you know What score bites are you a little boring? I'm telling you man Now what I was saying guys is to oh yeah, so open that up any one just keep it in the fridge any one every day for the I mean Who can do that right right who can eat one of those? How speaker Jenny has to signal he may oppose the White House's selection of general Michael Hating to run a CIA Quote was story posted at time dot communist today the speaker believes they should not have a military personally We've been the CIA submit the agency Hester's communication director Ron Bong Jean told time. I wonder if he's can akin to Roger Dan Jean the Jackie or John Valjohn From less miserables. I used to think that was the name of that book. That's miserable. Yeah, well, we need to speak French Well, who else wants to anyway? Much of fraud Wall Jean was confirming the tone of comments has to admit the parents in a war Illinois which has to praise Porter, Mr. Goss and said moving hate the CIA smack the wave power grab by Negro party See that's what I was saying that that's correct adding that Negro party a visit and has to his office I was making not know what any problems with Michigan Pastor had been what a Porter, Mr. Goss's closest friends on Capitol Mill by contrast He said yes, they he didn't know hating them what the general and then he never paid him a visit Oh, yeah, maybe the general payment visit or maybe look at Brassie or maybe You know who's what's his name? Niri Al-Niri is going to pay him of his right Gonna pay the archfish above visit how about our special Marsequist he was the one that I think he was the one they found No, no, was he the one that was found hang him? Oh, I can't remember when I'm covered the Vatican banking. No, he was the archfish of in Chicago, I believe I can't remember the name of the guy that they found hanging and then come to find out it wasn't a suicide I saw whole show on it. It was a murder. It was a murder It was the even the Vatican banker who not one was the banker for Ilvada, Kano, but also for La Mafia a lot of Mafia Oc types in Sicily. I think I would like to go to Sicily when you Absolutely to Peleramo or maybe to Corleoni sounds so schmalsy. I'm gonna go out and get a lot of godfather music today Our new format starts tomorrow All the godfather all the time Start to show by saying where the hell is it? Oh, look at that you got me so what the idea the same thing again not to town to audition Well, you know, I'll get very excited about the godfather. I don't know about you, but I'll get all whipped up about it What are you gonna do nice college boy? They want to give mixed up in the family business and now you want to go down a police cafe Why does he slap you in a face a little bit? That what do you think is it the army where you shoot them on my way? You're gonna get a post like this Drop in your blood that rains all over your life sign belief suit come in What you're taking us very far That's right Let me say oh swear I'm a show my grandchildren And I will not be on the break to peace with me Nice job Marlon I give that cotton baton How do you know I like Joseph cotton he was a great actor for cotton baton Why do they call it cotton baton? Do you ever hear that expression? No, what do they call it cotton? Mother. Oh, no seriously cotton baton you never heard that? Yeah, I've heard it I don't know what it means. That's it all the time things for all forests That's what they call cotton I don't know I'm gonna talk about like cotton picking like kind of plantation I'm talking about like big wads of cotton like you find in like a pill bottles and stuff I'm gonna use to call a cotton baton I don't know I think she made up half of the craft use to probably ever have cotton gin like a lot of a Yiddish words I think she made them up 934 votes on a poll. I think we got a pretty damn good trying to get about 1,000 a few people get off your duck Okay, they're off your duck and hop on it and the poll too That's got a real surprise for Josh at the end of the show for Josh's birthday. What's the rudest thing people do? Self-fold abuse 221. So knowing want to take that phone out their hands and smash it Cutting in line 138 speaking in Spanish 120 out there in public in an English speaking community like South Florida No bigoted fine, no bigoted fine, okay. I'm laying lace Ping on the tour of C1 19 driving slow and left lane in a passing lane in 59 especially in a highway or like on university any you know Partying public 45 Stealing parking spots 42 Flung in a wealth 40. I hate this poll 39 Being what is that being loud about people are sleeping 38 people are we turn phone calls like Greg read 34 tailgators 22 picking your nose in public 13 I'll steam me food off someone's play three and burping in public still has the same three it said since I sat down here this moment It's got three nine 40 so I guess people If you want to have a good time Delta and built your guts to Fended by Right right that could be part of the new format too. We can't do anything else But so far we haven't gotten joist on belching yet. Yeah, I said so far. You know all the ones that bitch finds out about it Don't forget 240 five to seven. We're following a finaling a class action 83 trillion dollar lawsuit against your speech That's skinny as bitch. Hey if you love going out in the uh on the water and you want to get yourself a boat Here's the smart way to do it. Don't waste a lot of money buying it and then getting involved in all the headaches to go along with owning a boat Do the smart thing and call top notico at 1-800 boat rent car right now I paid the expenses of boat ownership, but you can rent one totally hassle free because they take all the hassles out of it They do all the work for you join the club at club notico call 1-800 boat rent You'll be amazed at just how easy they make it all for you. There are no docking costs no expensive upkeep no insurance or God forbid that of course is No hurricane preparation with the Bolton club notico. It's totally stress free and truly affordable too This is for smart people call 1-800 boat rent no getting the boat ready because sub-notico doesn't for you No cleaning up either guess what they do that to and cup notico just hop on your boat go have a swell time and when you're done Pulling the dock it often leave and go have a while time It's that simple cup notico call 1-800 boat rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small boats to yachts It's comradico call 1-800 boat rent like come out of co-tailer a plan to fit exactly what you be looking for and your budget to get on the water The data smart way we've come out of co-by calling 1-800 boat rent 16-2-8-8-8 Marlon fans it's the 2006 QA and Mercedes Benz Grands Lamin and Contest But Marlon's player hits a grand slam in the fifth inning You could win a two yearly silver Mercedes Benz C-30 for more information and Joester Log on the WQ and dot com today about 2006 Mercedes Benz Grands Lamin and Contest 4-0-5-16 QAM Good good guys Okay It's called Type Congress Oh Jamás I don't have a 61 votes. We got that 1000 leaked. You know, all right. It's quite an accomplishment if you ask me You know, see you're just you just I don't know what very hard to like impress you. You're just hard. Oh, though. It's impressive. I just don't care You're supposed to care. You're supposed to know. Let me say again. You're supposed to pretend that you care. I don't know. Hey, oh, oh I don't know crap. Plus it's just it's something to shoot for you know Yeah, but else the shoot for but what was the guy's name on a subway? We're out pretty gets right and something to shoot for We say here's another one for it First there was Clinton Gore could Clinton versus Gore be next asked the Walsh for you In line line that right wing Walsh for you know For former vice president Al Gore or rancher fair where was that Gore thing man? That is so that's about the only time he even acted like he was alive How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mind I'm so don't who's saying Red pet of all I see if he just maintains that level of enthusiasm and excitement and being alive He'd have a pretty good child. I think I'd like him and say as opposed to Hillary because we know he could win an election He already won in 2000 just they stole it from but at least we know that you're like that. I like it We'll give me another name. I mean who else would he like how a dean ain't gonna get it? They're not gonna Mamanate him. Let me in name Barack Obama All right, this ticket about Al Gore as a president and Barack Obama is his money made You know, see if we can't have how are dean then what's the point? What does that mean? Dean can be like secretary of yelling or something? We in the cabinet, huh? Yeah, he can be like secretary of state. I just I don't see any hope for the future That's what I'm trying to get out. Well if that's the case We do listen to me for a form well, we yeah, but we got Stephen Harper a man using you got problems We also got an idiot although at least he's not not only is he not a literary speaks a French as well Rather fluently I'm afraid to say for a formal vice president Al Gore a ranch your favorable Policize surrounding this month opening of his movie and inconvenient truth and the growing political resonance of a subject Global warming are stillking the most serious speculation about a group of the combatants is lost or his alleged lost me 2000 US presidential lesson. I still can't get the vision out of my mind from Fahrenheit 9 11 Of him and gathering down all those black Congress people Remember that yeah, it was sagging waters and all those people shutting them down You know you want to run on yours, huh? Maybe water cry and to sign of course keep in mind Where was the tent Kennedy? Where was the Chris Dodd? Where was John Kerry? Say hello to all of these people. I would only they must have to lunch when they just one set of the sign that resolution They couldn't find one so I meant they oh no that's all they needed couldn't find one In 2008 could mean a once on a maximum battle for Democrats nomination between built-in the former vice president and his wife Swellery to some proboard Democrats worried about Mr. Zillectability. That's part of your appeal Yeah, he already proved he could win a presidential election per it's like and a lot of people ain't too crazy but in addition which he such a You know All over the play now such a political butterfly. I appreciate that buzz, but he's not running for president's just Michael Feldman a former advisor He was helping promote the film and Mr. Gordon book on which it's based he's been spending a considerable amount of time trying to educate people on the issue of global warming And of course don't forget he also invented the internet The demurals aren't persuasive to some Democrats including former Clinton Gore White House insiders I know he's thinking about it. I know for a fact a former vice assistant He's talked about people about the pros and cons And we sure got plenty of cons in this administration among those said to be pushing Mr. Gore our billionaire venture capitalists and high tech entrepreneur John Doer and Lori David a Global Warming activist and producer the film and wife of sign-filled Kirby enthusiasm creator Larry David who's probably a full brother to Morgan David and don't forget When people see this movie, I know they're gonna see the real algorithm and that he run miss David says But she has he changes the subject whenever that comes up has to be talking to make the movie when she pushed Well, I think that said I think that's the answer to his gore and the Barack Obama why why were you so sour on that? I thought you would be Jumped is that like a man who's a giant me and he Upper is just fix it again, or they'll do something Gordon I foresee you tell me it's gonna be close enough and then the fix it. I the American people really that's stupid Oh, sorry bad question. Maybe just a rhetorical question. I'm almost tempted to take it under call this arbor you know what what I won't Why school a good thing you know today has been as close to pristine as the show can ever get Remember pristine with John Stockholm right what a car what was it? It was a plymoth Dodge charge or what was that put it Plymoth that are the fury okay, that's all right Plymoth you're I think of what I don't know 900 and 70 votes man we got the thousand votes in the bag It's in the sack you know the smell is sculling over it's in the sack speaking to the sack We're trying to figure out no, yeah, there he is. How am I Gary Rumsfeld? I want one thing for him to answer Okay, I just have one question. Whatever happened with that big investigation about the am sure. Oh, yeah, I remember that And of course how come he owns so much of that stock in in the company that makes Tana flu? He's starting up again for all his bird flu crap and then he also own a whole lot of bear stock to them. Except real Yeah, yeah, just a coincidence of course these grave robbers They're raping you man you people should be bleeding you can have blood running down your legs You know where are those veins and the public sits back by the beat but I hope and what about that? Ray bid Duke you what about the chick from a rouba and what about tubby and is tuba and Boy am I a boba huh ignorant I was thinking about bush during the break for some square. I guess there was a story on there Ignoramous although generally with the word ignorant I think is somebody who's so stupid that they're like in effect with their harmless They couldn't possibly be the malignant butcher that he is 27 after one at five sixty wq if you're a cigar smoke He likes to kick back with a good premium brand and the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you These hard to find cigars are made with the first grade tobacco process Named up to ten years or as they see here process But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco But he had gold a flyer ship lying it's a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider and nine point one by smoke magazine This rich flavored well-balanced full-bodied liquor like one cigars earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate Spice and pepper flavors also be sure to try their behavior Disail the hottest release of Garland last ten months this one gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider a powerful cigar With complex notes of leather earth and pepper. It'll knock your socks off the finish is long and full-bodied with additional spice and a note of charred wood For a software to back in this nearby you log on to by he has cigars dot com or call toll free 1-800 35 by here. That's 1-800-35 B-A-H-I-A This is Neol Rogers Why Few razors Garb what the hell does that Finish of this he's Oh Hey, provided by that will be you by the cold You said, and said, is the war We get now there, have only one day To the end, don't forget that we got it I'll never let you say, we got it We don't make happy so long, you got it Where's the fight for you? You said, and I'll never let you this way You said, and I'll never let you this way And you really go with it, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You do, you do, you do, you do What they say, and I say, but before I come to the law I say, you do, you do, you do, you do What they say, and I say, but before I come to the law We got it, we got it, we got it We still got it, we still got it Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh We got it, we got it, we got it Five more dead, and the fifteen injured, and another suicide Bombing in Telafar and Iraq That's just in, you have her mom carrying rum cell is going But it would be, but it would be We got it, yeah 133, 2702, we got Kimba Boakamper coming along It would be right in on that mookau from that Sitzang from the University of Georgia Used to be in front of Dan Dowards there on 441 At Laudahil, until the neighborhood changed That was a crappy place You were trying to tell me one time was a good restaurant And they had, oh, that was all, that was Dan Dowards Well, you won't know if it's out of business many, many years But that was, that was, we And they also used to have like a meat market there To us, why they had a big mookau out in front In fact, I think that's where they got some of the meat from I say, it sucked And across the street though, used to be much better Was, what was the steakhouse chucks? Chucks was good You never ate a chucks? That that I could recall They had those good pansy drinks, dairy, and all that Contrapical drinks, and they had really good steak And they had the ability to boil it Yeah, exactly And I'm a little umbrella like you're in Hawaii That's the next place, after you finish me While you're, you're a Pinturing, they're good Hawaiian Oh, my god, they ain't my per key Neil Young's new album, I'm gonna go out and get it to there I guess, I just can't, I just gotta do it You sure? And we'll play it Oh, for, and in fact, we should take a pull out Well, you had him a godfather or Neil Young And all his anti-war and anti-vusha music Neil Young's new album, Living with War Might not trigger the downfall of his present George W. Bush But it has served us or out And he linguing confused about the legendary Singers' mansion This is in this morning's Toronto star, by the way So there's a little bit of a sign on it A Canadian calling for the impeachment of US President We'll tend to do that Young, born in Toronto and raised in Winnipeg is a Canadian This will not come as new to anyone on this side of the border Where the 60-year-old tunesmiths Referred as one of Canada's greatest musical songs Although he certainly know Burton Cummings Or Anne Murray, or Albert Levine But the distinction is sometimes lost down south Where if you believe long-held conventional wisdom It's assumed that Young was led to the US for 40 years Without taking citizenship is an American But he's not The album was arrived in stores today See I gotta go out and get it It has provoked a flood of commentary Outside the usual music press circles Much of it focused on whether Young is even And tell him to have an opinion about the commander in chief Neil Young is not a US citizen These Canadian protests the online edition of the right wing Weekly of the National Review He can't even vote he's been an American for 40 years He's never bothered to take out citizenship And this interloper from the land of the moose and moutis It's telling us to impeach our president for goodness sake If it's not Mexican fun offense jumpers trying to dictate legislation to us It's for trappers and the wiles of Ontario and sold in our head of state For trappers and the wiles of our stereotype For trappers on the crapper Sounds like something to be sung by a rapper Right On Fox News host my gallery complaint Neil Young is rich in famous Because the country is trashy made him so Wouldn't his words carry a little more caught if he bothered to become a citizen Of the country they made him rich in famous Another fox right wing commented that the umptious John Gibson a key These young who have disrespecting the memory of 9-11 Gibson suggested Wait a minute is there something missing here from this Uh-oh Yeah, that's something missing from this story Okay Anyway young made way was bartering a positive assessment of enterprise A model of Reagan this illusion though many liberals by this revelation Few of any suggests that the un-sisanship to squalified in proportion An opinion conservative for the most part were delighted The irony is that while young might not technically qualify as you as citizen Living with war is written from an entirely American perspective The album's criticism with government policy are framed by the assumption that America is fundamentally Good freedom loving nation being led astray by corrupt misguided leadership They can including track after all is an irony free rendition of America the beautiful Oh specious scahazako Traction the fiscal service of focal point for the cross-be stills action young track that stops to be Air Canada center on the tent to July Even the name of the tour freedom of speech was six times in decidedly American ring Well I remember that freedom of speech In any case living with war isn't nearly as incendiary as Steve Earl's 2002 powder keggie Russel Flung directly into the teeth of man-loving highly patriotic aftermath Or a 2004 fought off the revolution starts now Many of the same pundits also slander all especially for a sociologically empathetic portrait of Taliment Tonskip John Walker-Lind Probably full brother to Paul in But there is a world of difference Or who is out of battery identified himself as a Marxist is calling for revolution And looking for a leader by contrast young folks the less dramatic assertion that maybe colon Tol would be a better president than Bush. Oh yeah, that's sell out colon Tol. I guess that I don't know if I want to buy this album Everybody was holding up that two with all that interaction now they chemical weapons Yeah, right. So old out colon they political pilot is different now to us as with Bush's approval And he's slithering 31% young isn't the only US resident kind of played in impeachment The thought is probably crossed the mind of the odd Republican judging by Bush's public property There would even among conservatives this in chant with administration runs deep this river runs deep river runs through it What will we was that was that one with Brad Pitt We're going to go over the chaffer right and maybe he was a fisherman That's right and he died. How sad he looked pretty good in that movie and have all those creators in his face like he does now In that sense the political views expressed on living with war more mainstream than right wing commentators that on It's easy to dismiss the messenger as an unworthy or lower than me with how widely this illusion in a shared Besides it isn't as if young equally self a mantle of national conscience I was waiting for someone to come along some young singer 18 to 22 to write these songs and stand up your own totally At times I waited a long time that I decided that maybe the generation ahead to do this is still the 60s generation Or maybe in the spirit of free trade the job this fellow the Canadian a that's what it says here in the Toronto star Well, we'll carry it away. Well, maybe they got a good point there after all was young crichén who said that frog that wish was an idiot moron What a good way yeah, he was one of the first acts and not only beyond what but actually have the balls to say it you go froggy That's what we need back into is that frog John crichén He really talked out of the side of his mouth most Paul says into anyway right. Oh, I hope In fact, most of them talk out of both sides of them off. Please see you talk out of one anybody have any idea what I'm talking about today Good because that makes a whole bunch of us. I couldn't care less. I'm having a stellar time and so I'm almost done 992 man. What did I tell you? 992 on Josh's birthday. We're gonna get that thousand really easy. I think they're doing it for you Yes, they are I would be surprised that there's a whole bunch of gifts waiting for you line up outside the studio and get to two clocks and happy birthday John. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Zach raises something special in a Zack guy Yeah, color. Huh, yeah, remember how many we rats in a really colorful box probably pink really with a very Ferrari. Hey Zach. I think you're ass. 24 to at five sixty wcm Kimbo camper at two gym managed it for what more could any American man. Real real red blooded sports talk and then probably we talking a lot about that horrible game last night Sure won't be talking about the fact the Sabers kick out of again two to one right there in out of one lead the series two nothing or that Caroline and nothing to be finer And Jersey getting beat up by Carolina nice go on boys. You know being outdoors a lot in South Florida really need comfortable shoes We want you to take your Tutsi's right over to Brandy Susan Pompito Beach to carry all the top names and issue business No off-brands and nobody ever heard of before they got floor shine and Mr. West echo and rock fort harsh puppies even new balance Which are so sensational and tons of all the other big name brands and all sizes for men and women They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes for those of you with really freaky feet Brandy Susan's largest independent true retainer in all South Florida and when you see the fabulous selection and value get a brandy's understand why I've been raving about them for a very very long time Go talk to our good buddy Arnie and how make sure you get the right should I was still there again I started I just said yeah, I did that one before about didn't get the whole word out the right fitting shoe. What you said right fitting shoes man. It's like a trap The right fitting shoes right. Oh, I see that was good. That was a good comeback there Even a wood by I never made it come back like that didn't crack like I said Arnie will take carry Brandy Susan like those departments to us we have to wait for it to get weighted on then after you finally pick out a style you say Hey, he's look pretty good. Oh, don't have that in your size get out of here. The only thing they do do with Brandy's is shoes that also begins with an essay She never after worry about size selection or service brandy shoes It's called night in North federal Highland poverty. We didn't land and copes on east side. You can't miss it open every day the week for your shopping convenience Monday to Saturday to line and every Sunday till five It's a great time this week to buy floor shimes at Brandy's take 10 to 30 bucks I've heard about on selected men styles of four shimes this week, so be sure to get your butt into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping right by sitting there on your ass online at Brandy shoes dot com This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 You say Racco I Was trained All Texas Oh When the very lovely late of the next to my What you gotta To To have to buy a Hold her safe I was more than happy to Now the more I've life you do I want to kiss her, but she won't let me I want to whisper, so even up in the rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but She won't let me Which he returned to say is she was an actress She showed me an album of pictures of her opening Which he then sitting on She seemed as if she could be But I could clear this scene She was the kind of girl who stole men's hearts Then Rachel Raccoon I want to kiss her, but She won't let me I want to whisper, so even up in the rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but She won't let me Well, never forget The train runs and I'll see We say you're a saint And we share our tales But as long as hearts rise to leave her behind We're friends, our all-night friends Because I'm a saint It's better In the end I want to kiss her, but I'd be who she won't let me I want to whisper So even up in the rear I want to hold her behind I want to kiss her, but I want to kiss her, but I want to kiss her, but She won't let me That was in six most on the pool Baby, piece of cake What I tell you, no problem at all I'm a limmering pie Why do I do limmering pie? I like Boston cream pie Yeah I tell you, one kind of pie Not too crazy, but that's German chocolate pie You want to know why? Coconut milk It's got coconut on it Shredded nasty coconut Yeah, what else coconut do it on a pie? Ooh, sweet Fair Thousands of folks on the pool Thank you so very much for making Josh feel like Almost a human being Because if we wouldn't have gotten a thousand day Would have taken a personal Probably because he only put those nine stories on our website That's right Well it's my fault if I would have send you like 90 So it's not your fault man It was a good thing to do It was a nice day With the gentille thing to do That's right Plus I really thought that I put a lot more on their net So just consider yourself a gift to give from above America may be the world superpower But it's survival rate for newborn babies Ranks near the bottom of the modern nations better only than Latvia Ah, that'll teach you latheons How do you like that? Among 33 industrialized nations The US is tied with hungry, Malta, Poland and Slovakia With the death rate of nearly five for one thousand babies According to a new report Latvia is rated six for one thousand We just edge them out Where the wealthy is kept in the world but there are still pockets of our population Not even the healthcare that needs to be buried that powers And we productive health advisor for the US based save the children Which compile our monkeys based on health data from countries and agencies worldwide The US ranking is driven partly by racial and income healthcare disparities Among US blacks there are nine deaths per thousand libraries Posted rates and developing nations are nodes in the industrialized world Every time I see these kind of stats I'm always amazed to see where the US is because We're a country that prides itself on having such advanced medical care and developing new technology And new approaches to treating illnesses But at the same time, everybody has access to those new technologies To Dr. Mark Schuster, a ran company, a researcher and pediatrician with the University of California In the amelization of global infant mortality, Japan had the lowest newborn death rate 1.8 for thousand You're that? I heard And four countries tied for second place with only two per thousand The Czech Republic, Finland, Iceland and Norway Still let's see in power nations that feel the full blood of the infant mortality Since the age they account for ninety-on percent of the former annual that's the babies in the first month Only about sixteen thousand lives in the US The highest rates globally were in African South Asia with newborn rate of sixty five out of a thousand live births Death rate, live barrier ranked the worst Oh brother, don't tell Charlie Taylor that, don't ever drive again in Northfield, down to Kutelman Now I just got a very official from the state department I've been waiting for this announcement, Joyce Fitz has been added to the list of evil doors You know it was a rack, a rain in North Korea She has been added officially, Joyce Fitz the Bits, it says right on here on the facts It's been officially added by the US State Department to the list of evil doors Joyce, if you're listening, go in yourself accordingly because I think You know, I'd be real real nervous next time I sat on the throne You know in the James Bond movie that had those exploding toilets That's right Watch out Joyce, that's right It would be coming, life is required, it would say right back at you If he was on here, which of course he's not, and that's probably your fault Yeah, I mean, so as you talk up a lot and we love him He's like, you know, we like him a lot, but you never talk up Rick I can't come to your hair Rick and so as you know, or even how come that doesn't Rick I said that, you know, and you think they're going to hair sets and Rick? I'll take the answer right now No, no, they will not And why not? Because they don't talk about sports On 53 at 560 WCM South Florida's famous for its trade shows There's boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, arthur's galore And all kinds of shows Now if you're a trade show, you're privated, the only need to know is pub set Pub set creates the absolute top of a lot of attention grabbing Steel customers from the competition trade show displays Call 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7 2 75 right now And pub civil heat, you all set for success Because when it comes to design printing, postures, manners, especially trade Show displays, pub sets been doing the very best in town for 14 years Nobody does it better Call 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 75 right now Pub set at 9 5 4 7 72 72 75 From design to setup, pub set can handle audio trade show needs And rest assured, pub set will separate you from all the competition Don't look second right, cause you only get one chance to look great Pub set is the smart way to professional way to go Call 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75 or go to pub set Set set.com online for top nuts design, trade show graphics and displays Pub sets to go in fact, don't look for the picture on the building along this See how we just know the commercial you can check out the pub set Display for Neil Rogers show on our website right now Bottom of our website, we scroll down into the way below and Coaternals of the Glenn, done by pub set for us Call pub set today 9 5 4 7 7 2 72 75 This is Neil Rogers This is 5 62 I believe that we have democracy if I keep traveling on this way If I say I'm so good, it was just a lie I am so free, I am so free, I am so free, I am so free Liely and go to a meet Send Shy Bros Baby away I have got a long path. Moving and LST Angel Dustin C необricil draftedich You found the good deed by Your fatue Lhh Nice Nice T', It's you all iniano That's a looser. Bye, bye, bye!