So forget to like and seek data tomorrow. It's often stated from central sue you can meet Bobbiola's between you at your wedding in town between 10 and 12. How do you know? Because I know where you're gonna be tomorrow. I Niagara Falls. Oh well. Maybe I'll select my seat in Niagara Falls Maybe you can send on trail over the in the barrel. I don't know. But anyway, he'll be out there Well, I'll send that to the world. And you can lock in tickets for the red socks before individual tickets go on sale That's some art often stay in the town. You can register when in private luxury box for a sweet for opening day That is correct. Wow Tenanda toopie and right like when I sure will be on something on Saturday and spend a day out the above part. Yeah, you'd come home for that No I wouldn't go to a Marlon game if they paid me by the pitch. I used to go a lot. I had season tickets before Not too crazy about that crowd out there much of idiots The crowd in fact a crowd at the dolphin game budget. It's too. That's why I stopped going there It's just a lot of people stop going to the off-ing games. Yeah Too many people just to you know what I tell me getting is fine, but you know when you when you're plastered before the game Even starts and all the interest in is looking for a fight and kicking over people's beer and right What are you doing? You're jet spanking. Yeah, just a bunch of a rowdy drunks Especially when you got a nice big screen TV and you can sit at home the watch it for free Why would you want to subject yourself to that? Did they give you my message yesterday by the way about the story? It was in the post about been ladden and his favorite television show. No Larry King Really Surprise me words of a feather never misses Larry King Larry did a fine job last week when he put that fry guy on there with Oprah calling in that and That there was a gate to Lisa and that said gate to Lisa or honor that father gray writer and his wife And that publisher that piece of crap book and any you can watch the comedy channel The video you'll see Oprah on their apologizing with his author ripping him and ask she's on the food channel She's on the red on channel She's eating our horse racing channel with an her case. I can see why I I read about that. What was the thing with gate to Lisa? I didn't know that he was a wife is the publisher She published so she's been making around she's on all of this. He was on that same show yesterday with Oprah and this this liar Nice that Oprah sold 80 billion books to his because all these stupid women out there over a farce They went out there and tried to fart the same flavor. You know, and just the world is so sad man All these people would know brainy they're wrong for our Middle East policy seems to be working well Well, that's really worked out fantastic. You know the spread of democracy and all these free all these Relections many free elections are such a good thing. I mean, you don't have any in this state So why should they have any in the Middle East we got fixed elections in the US? So why not have them over there? So what they screwed up they should have sent their friends with the double voting machines over there both to Iraq and the Palestinians our governor seems to be Hell bent on overturning everything the people voted for the right in the like while he was an office No, you're finally caught on the latest being class size You know now they're trying that he's got those videos plans. Let's remember before we got reelected He got caught on tape saying he's got devious plans to subrute the that net hold deal and then the public still goes out there in votes for him He is totally subverted the electorate and it's a people of Florida never met a crooked Didn't like whether was your buddy role of Martinez and Hialia who was the guy in sunrise John La Mello and sunrise every time By the way, you know those guys aren't friends of mine Yeah, you know something sometimes you've been using a good friend. Yeah You could use one in fact maybe the last four years you could use the good So you don't get punched in the nose me Well, there's a couple of people would like to punch both of us in the nose, but it ain't gonna happen Now they want to punch Keldian the nose. It probably have a bigger target Thank you for the call. Keldia beyond today by the way from the yenta center. Yes Probably has to do with tonight's pants as devils game boy. That could be really not good Yeah, and man it's just a hooters it throughout today right? Yeah, not good like at least Buffalo game last night That was sweet Buffalo eight Toronto four they're just seven and a row Just keep getting pounded one thing to lose every day But when you give up like seven eight goals every game or something basically wrong there but nevertheless Sonny's trying and It'll be 40 a three degrees there's much around or whether we pour for that guy that's just gonna be like that year Huh? It's gonna be a little cool here today. Is it really? Yeah? Well, and you'll enjoy yourself a ghost dream I'm not going out today tomorrow. What do you mean by that? I'll be in order to tomorrow. Yeah, I have to because you can't put in any world well, and it's not just that I have to uh Well, it's Jerry Bailey's last day. Yeah. Oh, you want to be there for Jerry Bailey. Yeah He's having a little party afterwards, but he sides at he's coming to work with the SPN and ABC I'll be there. Oh, I'll be working with him. Well, that's great. Yeah, I see a big thing We can do a crossover. He's in sph. Yeah, there it is. Good old crossover on here You're big and across over he can do a little cross dress Whatever it is I got a I'm gonna say you've got all been out of shape. I'm just tired of jury Bailey He's a great jokey. I just take give somebody else a chance. You know he is is retiring I know that that's what I mean like John Campbell with the Trotters and you've been great for a long time just step aside Go away go back to it. How you can criticize me? That's what he's doing. I know well good. I see it goes to show you And you know something higher. I always I didn't even know Oh, I was talking with a friend of mine from California who was in the horse business yesterday and We were saying that that here's a guy who's going out at the right time. Yeah That's right. He's still good and Absolutely, that's why it's my last show today. Goodbye. This is it. Yeah, you just convinced me you talk me into it Wait, do you see here? Look at the check me on then you know, you know, yeah I want to show us up. Thanks the Joe Bell got my check there on time this Thanks to like emergency repair solutions because our part-time program director was gone for two and a half days again Very sad But we got a new regime now. We got it's you know, just barely into the new year so we can like turn over a new fig leaf now We start to kick in some ass. Yeah Like red co-text So anyway, yeah, I guess I got the facts while you and I were talking yesterday about the fact that he's the singing a pansy or whatever it is on the LaBastrochone after him. He's a regular over there and A Harold puts his yeah this bogus thing on there like a make-belief pole. Oh Please The only good part of it is that almost all the comments on there are like from our retard People are crazy my crazy audience have to hit the ones of but I'm the dollar comments on that the blog Nice going Eddie, you know, there's any the crazy guys. We got a million We'll teach it a mess with us. We'll unleash all of our lunatics on So Yeah, oh boy is right People ask me what do you do for a living? I say I talked to crazy people for hours every day I haven't seen that for years. That's the truth. I talked to maniacs for four hours every day Don't know who's motto is. I have no life. Yeah, don't we all? You know who got these first call was yesterday? I Give you 18 guesses I can't think of what his name is either. Oh, once a little LaFana. Oh, I think that was the one What are one of those chronics that they used to talk to in the morning the same five people every day? Oh Yeah, okay get some this is That's kind of sad that that's why I don't We're not only don't screen calls on my show. We don't give anybody any names because I don't I don't go for that Here's a Dan in Pembroke finds who gives a crap, you know Here's about Dan Just another voice another desperate So you're leaving when you leave him Monday morning or go show and then I'm waving Monday So I see here Monday morning. Oh, I'm taking off. Well, then I won't wish you one a bull boy eyes to Detroit boy I They paid me by the second I'm also I'll lose my sheen mind in the casino there I wouldn't go to Detroit. I made my last trip there seven years ago Well, I had a vacation. I thought well, where am I gonna go on vacation this year? You know as many years ago And I went back to Detroit, you know that's how you can't go back. Yeah, you can't I wouldn't go there I think oh my goodness. I was there one night And I got on a plane and went someplace after your word. I had one, but I sure got to hell out of there my god Well, the great town casino called and I'm set up for there on Tuesday. Yeah, well, make sure like I said take raw Martinez have a bodyguard It's kind of like a land of city because you know's are nice inside well. No, there we may not but It's okay inside, but once you go outside you have this feeling of a smell of death in the area You know like you're gonna get mugged any minute You don't have to go outside to get there. They have a people move or goes right from the hotel to the casino. Yeah, well, they're smart. They know Yep, they don't know if he wants to walk around in downtown Detroit That's a shame too. Just like Tiger State You haven't any idea how many gains I went to a Tiger Stadium what are they what a fun ballpark that was I went there once you're real close to the Love that you know, just a fabulous ball like Fenway Yeah, yeah, the same on that's only a little bit bigger right Don't have a minute like that You don't want to go there well It's one of those things changing neighborhoods changing cities changing ball parts right changing underwear. I remember when you You used to do the remote from rigley from math from that bar up the street from rigley Murphy's bleachers right across the streets from rigley field right. Yeah, did that a couple years Those were fun shows were they yeah But we had fun it really I'll tell you that no one here at Kerry came in that one day We thought it was great we thought it was gonna stiff us and I'm just just in the middle of saying well He's probably busy getting ready for the game and the open the door opens just as I said it and Here it came and I never realized how small he was he was a very short guy Yeah, and just a great guy though We had a fantastic conversation he was really impressed with the fact that I remember that he used to call St. Louis University Billockens basketball on KMWX That's probably the only person alive who remembered that he was great at that too He was just great. I mean he was no No, no one of those guys he was good Do you ever meet Harry? Yes, I did what are you smirkling about now? You brought him up tonight I didn't say a word. I said all I said You know for him to be knocking Johnny most that's one of the eight trade-in things about him They used to really piss me off big time. Well, he knocked He knocked each a knock each action the other day. Well, I mean I did too because I think he checks his old and senior I'm now used to like each action For him to do that one game didn't bother me bothered me a lot. He was awful But anyway getting back to a Johnny most now I when I lived in Boston I hated the Celtics I mean like poison because as a kid grown up I was of course a rock sister Royals fan which's long to funk, but You know and see you learn to hate the cellicin and Johnny most was so partisan then unless you were a cellic fan He hated it, but he sure was great if and that's that's what you want you want a Homer who doesn't like a Homer Fine friends, you're so I can because his name was Moscow is I never knew that till this moment that was his name was Moscow Yes, I didn't know Johnny most was a Polish. Yes Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Really Wow, we got wrong he was great. He was so much fun like my friend copin Pittsburgh, man They don't make him like those guys anymore you mean you talk about Joe buck You know and forget about content, but just all of these guys today They sound the same daybow brine and Joe buck. They'll have any personality They don't stand out they're just another voice. You know what it was great do I'll say fuck was this from that other era though? Yep, you know where's that fuck started? Rochester Red wings baseball There's a little piece of trivia for you. There was a cardinal farm team. Well, that's correct And then he went to a St. Louis to work with Harry and Tom Decker was the voice of the Red wings and Joe Colonyne Well, what crap is coming out of my brain today, man? That's what happens when you get old you got all these incredible memories most of him bad, but nevertheless Jack buck was in Rochester for one season anyway up to the big to the bigs Nice man, too. Was he? Yes, very never made him I met my little handle to him Which everybody ripped him an answer was very nice to me because you know why I worked at JNO and Palm Beach I did the West Palm Expo's baseball. I know that yeah, and He was there of course because the brave is the their spring training their West Palm So I met him I had him on my show a couple times my sports show I didn't know you did the Palm Beach Expo's I sure did did a hand-cack of a job The I could have been a great sports guy's demand, but you know something I think I made the right turn I'm I could be wrong, but I think I made the right turn when I came to that fork in the road I looked around I said all these ex-jocks all these a literate dumb ex-jocks are getting all the jobs down And I said like so now well, it's true the jackocracy that's he who is exactly right He's the first one who had the balls to say it and especially when he was working with a doldard like Frank Gifford My god, you talk about dull and un-semi literate. I mean in our titulate The only thing I kept Gifford going is the fact that he was working with cocellen Meredith all those years that that's what kept him gone He was pathetic Although it was on ABC's super-vile like Frank is good guy He's he's had a lot of problems in his life. He's got poor Kathy lead over coming out You got to you got to feel for anybody married to a witch like that You know some Frank He actually is a good guy and He had a great he's probably a good guy too, but he's awful But go ahead. I'm sorry, but you know Frank last a long time and that's yeah He lasted a long time because he was part of a he was like the lesser in greedy and then the barbizarre part You know I he last one of the reasons he lasted all those years was because he was he was close to ruin Yeah, the guy who ran ABC sports. Yeah, must be he must have naked pictures But you know he lasted well beyond Meredith and cocell I mean, I mean just happen to compare al-Michael's to a frank effort. Okay, is there any comparison Al-Skree well, but was there any comparison? No, okay, but I get you what's hard to get that out Yeah, well Frank might be listening. I know what I want to hear this feelings. Yeah, I think he's been some time down the keys Oh speaking of hurting people's feelings a default. We don't want any party. Okay, we're not interested if you open it If you open it window in your contract just jump right out. Well, look at your little push That was some more good news I heard from certain parties not interested Going back and rehashing the same old tired cornball stuff, you know me On that note yes, have a great time at Gulf Stream tomorrow. You too say on where you'll be at Say how to do 10 and buy no, they got to be always not there anymore. Oh, and it goes to Roya. What's his name? Slang of you. Why did you tell me that? That's just the mind blowing Don't you understand how old that makes us all feel when everybody we know starts dying and we know that we're gonna be next That's bad Yeah First land off his wife died and then he died and they'll call to die then his wife died. Did you know that Mary Ellen died? I didn't know that Several years ago she had breast cancer She had been remarried had a kid and was happy as could be and then she got breast cancer and died. So it's gone around man So when you're getting blind and dying to Detroit next week just tell you know a little bit away I'm pushing a lot away. Please. Yes Take the money but push the food away. I'm with you. You can't gamble with food Have a great weekend. I'll take chips instead. There you go. It was no fish. See ya For a few times Jim Anderson is a load in accomplishment like to have some of the Tennessee win for nine hundred Jay that's amazing. Yes Wow, I'm gonna say it's one of the greatest basketball coaches period is bad some Means myth I'm saying fat summer when you say Mike's your chef's dude. I'm saying You know John would and she's up there with anybody that coaches who's at the collegiate level When you say I've had summer I'm saying dominate tricks man. I mean she's just got one of those looks one of those styles I could envision putting like a black leather outfit on her like some chains Stopped time me up to the bed nice long with Make you run some suicide Friday you One Did Like But So that's what we're working with James the Clouds. Life was a fairy tale now that I was just for a fan. She's got a twist from the switch they've heard. Mary's in a dish like a piece from a twist from my man. Oh! Ten seventeen and five sixty already. Look at that time man. Times going by. How come I'll hear a hank in a back there for a second and two doing that spot, Miguel? Sorry. Oh. That was down the air though. No. Well, thank you for that. You must hang a cut in the spot there. We should probably put it on the air or kind of like cut the audience's little confused. Look at that. Hey, it's bigger than confused rhymes with shoes. And if you're shopping for shoes, head over to Brandy's and Pomp and Obie's, they've been around a long, long time. Not as long as I have, but then again, even the dinosaurs have been around that long. Brandy's shoes carry say, he'll mongous the less involved in major brands. They got your rockport for a shime echo, mafisto. S.A.S. new balance you like them. They got them. And at Brandy's their professional shoe fit is will make damn sure you have a customized video of very favorite comfort you are retarded as for Arnie. He'll take good care of you, make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price every time. They even specialize in wide widths of brandys if you have big fat, disgusting, catapult-like feet. Brandy's worth a trip from anywhere in South Florida. So don't forget for that unbeatable combination. Comfort, style, fit, value, and selection always think. Brandy's shoes and your fine brandy's at 1290. Your federal highway in Pomp and Obie's the orphan daily Monday through Saturday, till 9 every Sunday, till 5 and every week, or something really special going on in Brandy's to save you more cash this week. Spurry topside is in both men's and women's styles will save 10 to 20 bucks a pair only this week and only a brandy's shoes and Pomp and Obie. This is a meal rodgers. This is 5.62. F***. A buffalo fill. Just got another bomb. And took a hit and worry at like a kitchen charm. And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hair. And woody's sharing with Jesus and Crane. Those pies are dead and yes, yes. Hardies, grace, and yes. Yes, hardies, good. And yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, want no, no no, no... you wanted me to be with you again? No, no, no no, no, no, no, no, spicy but barefoot. No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, sorry, I'm sorry, that's what I'm telling you. That's not enough. No good thing. Good, you won't get in touch with me. This is your. I've only put a lot ofķia and progression for you in a year. No, I'll be with you. All right, this is too long. I'm not sure if you can see it. You can meet Don Trial Wollis between 10 and noon. You can lock in tickets for the Red Sauce. We have a individual ticket. I don't understand why does anybody care about seeing the Red Sauce? Uh, I don't know. Well, they're the world champions from while back. Oh, but, plus you can register when a private luxury sweet for opening day that's Marlon Selective Seed tomorrow, Dolphin Stadium, 10 and a.m. till 2 and a.m. Got that? All right, good. Anyway, what's in your story before I tell you about these two movies I watched yesterday? And George Watch, imaginary heroes, instead of was great. It was excellent. Good. What's not to like, right? Nothing. So, when we were with great, your fanels was good, and we all heard was sensational. What's not to like? Well, Michelle Williams could have gotten naked or something. Well, she didn't. No. And I think it would have been a waste of time anyway. Uh, speak of that. Application said by Seedon Hall University for a prospective student's overseas on Whittingly Contained a tool free number, offering the opportunity to chat with Hot Hornny Girls. All right. The Catholic University found in 1856 that an accidentally transphosed numbers and admissions applications sent to possibly tens of thousands of applicants, or they're going to be light enough like crazy to get into Seedon Hall. Spark up your days and nights with stimulating talk to recording says, and then refers to a second 800 number, a phone sex line, selling conversations with students, housewives, and working girls for 99 cents to 299 a minute. Seedon Hall spokesman Thomas White told a star ledger of Newark for Thursday's newspapers that the air was in both the online and the print applications that may have been present for seven years. I'm surprised we didn't catch it before now. Why it said this was a very unfortunate type of, that's probably because there were no objections to it. A very unfortunate type of, we apologize to any of our international applicants who were affected by this. We're supposed to connect students with the world education and services in Europe based firm that screens international academic credentials. As of yesterday morning, the University was in the process of removing all references online, although nothing could be done about print applications already mailed out. Similar type of, because the birthsman for other institutions recently last year, motor risk looking for special license plates, were accidentally sent by brochures and the website of New Jersey's motor vehicle permission to wait phone sex line. And December, seniors calling your tool free and otherwise questions about Medicare were directed away similar service due to a misprint in 20,000 years sent by ensure humanity. They were all going like, oh my God. And using a lot of extra oxygen. Not a pacemaker's one out. So the log is a back-ass word, huh? Yes, yes. Well, probably. One of the hedgehogs when a pamphletist father gets his knee chopped up. I don't know. Here's the fact that says, well, isn't this great? Wow. By the way, you know, Riley, you definitely need to get alive. This guy, he wants to be like a part of the show. He says, by the way, your buddy, LeBas, would mention you just in his radio show. And let me just say this about great co-tex and that silly ass told her doing a very few more post going on there, because everybody realizes the thing is fixed from the inside. It's just a joke. And all the comments that are on there, I would say 90% of all the comments that the, that's stupid as chat room is got going. Yeah, that's, that's not Steve, whatever his name is. Miguel, Miguel, Miguel, Miguel, whatever it is. Idiot. LeBas dude was talking about Rod Artest and how Indiana was done for trading. And LeBas dude's view was Artest else tickets. And was it first of all, why the hell were you listening to that Riley? You see, I mean, we got Mandichon, he's listening to that crap. And I believe it will tell you regardless of his antics and controversy. Stu got to ask if the audience would accept a Rod Artest of radio as a host. LeBas dude says yes, controversy means ratings, ratings means money. Look at our Howard Stern, our buddy across the street, me or Rogers, guess what, Danny Boyant, your buddy, okay? You stick with the voosew, that's your buddy with your orange hair. Maybe he likes cartoon turkeys. Our buddy across the street, guess what, Danny Boy, you ain't fooling nobody. And that's not as back. I think my computer is frying or something. Maybe. Do you think so? Oh, it's possible. Well, why would that be? Just one of those things, maybe a bug crawled in there. There ain't no bugs in this place. Okay, there's no bugs. Maybe some, uh, belly, maybe a bug. Maybe some of my toe jam guy in there. Because there's this really a punch at a Roman here, and I'm sniffing around all morning while in front. It's only in this room. And now it's van, I pull the plug up to shut the computer completely down for about a half an hour, and like went away, and now I got to plug, but you just working okay, until it goes on fire or something. That's right, or blows on. Do you think it's going to blow off? Could be? Hmm. I just bought this damn thing. It's only by only had it a few months to say it's a beauty, man. That's where it goes. I'll just put it in the closet and go get a new one. That's right. That's what you do. When you got a few bugs, you don't go get this face. You don't know how it's got to fire the water. Just get a new one. Spread the cash around. Maybe that's the way to do it. This. This. I'll put it down on basket. Do it on the basket. Hey, dancing. You'll a basket. Hey, you. You. Preston. Tell me something. We don't already know Mr. Brevadan. Our country is at war. And our government has the obligation to protect American people. Tell me something. We don't already know Mr. Brevadan. And we are aggressively doing that. We are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice. We are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding. We are trying to disrupt their plots and plans. Anything we do to that effort. Any activity we can do is within the wall. We do not force it. And that wonder how much you tell them through sometimes. It's an enemy that works in plots and plans. It wants to burn America. So you've had will addressable for students. Tell me something. We don't already know Mr. Brevadan. But we will do so under the wall. And that's why you're saying, members of our ministries who go to break the Congress. We do not force it. And that wonder how much you tell them through sometimes. We do not force it. Mr. Brevadan. I will go with the red. Yeah, I will tell you what. You're torturing a lot of us. Make no mistake about it. Okay, let's look at that award-winning line. I will get this thing organized. Okay. To a clock we got guilty from the BAC that stands for Yenthus Center. Four o'clock is mandog and hudders are round. Seven o'clock, panther, premium and seven thirty. That's the panther's and the devils of the macarina. Could be really ugly because the devils are hot as they pistol. The panthers are choking and gagging. Oh and by the way, I got a spirey port. I should have mentioned this to the Humper. From my friend it was at the game. The Columbus game. He said if there were three thousand people there, that was a lot. The game where they said the tennis was an accolade. So they played Carolina. If the tennis day announced, 12,000, five, he said if there were three thousand people there, they counted the ushers and the players and the coaches and the officials as well. And the people like an parking lot who are just smoking a big fat one. How do you like that? That's 3,000 people there against the division leading hottest team in Lake Carolina, your hurricane. And nobody was there. Anyway, the devils of the downtown, which are Marty Broder, never loses to Florida and any can to the hockey game. That's our award winning lineup. I think my computer is burning up. It burrs. Huh? Good big. What do you think? I don't know, just let it run its course. I'm going to like unplug it. Oh yeah. I don't know. I'm going to like I'm plugging my gun. Okay, here's yesterday's pull result. Who best fits this? I still can't get over that. You know, Riley, you need a little life. Get some good blow up doll. Anything. Someone who thinks they can sing, but they can't. How many votes we get on this? 1491. Wow, what a great year. That was the year that Columbus was a dittling with, what's an amphunius of Bella? Right? Yoko on all 197 Ashley Simpson. 181. We had a good race there. Nice contest. How come this thing isn't working either? Oh, and I'll please. Please. I don't tell me this thing is screwed up. That would be really, really bad. Wouldn't it? I put it in my spy bot. And it's just kind of like sitting there and then goes back to and I have while anyway. Well, it doesn't care about that. They want to be entertained. They want to be immune and to late and stuff like that. Dance, murky. They don't care that my computer's going to like blow up right here. It smells like iodine in here. See what that did. It didn't do that. Oh, this is bad. Huh? What do you want 105? When you're in Shatter 101 John Ascrop 92, J.L. 82, Kevin Feederline 67. Can he say belt on out or what? Kelly, I David Hasselhoff 48. Kelly Osborne 47. Celine Dion 44. Lisa Murray, Presley 41. Dike. Eddie Murphy 37 for a Sultan 35. 34. Bob Dylan 31. We just still been 31. And it still didn't do anything there. Look at that. It just, oh well, I'm getting out of that thing. I'm just going back home. Here I mean. Yeah, go home. Bob Dylan 31. We just still been 31. Kathy Lee Giver 29. Jamie 5. 28. Ricky Tiki Sanchez 27. Will Smith 27. Tony Danza and Ricky gracious 22. He's the same guy. Roseanne 20. Don Johnson 19. Slice the load 18. Justin's thinkerbell 16. Now who is something that he's an actor now? We go. He's in Sundance. A yellow good for him. I'll let's be low on 13. Low hand. Bruce Wallace 10, Dion Sanders 10. Great co-tech's eight. The singing nun on the afternoon show on the cross-estreet. Our good friends across the street. Stu Gots and Dan LaBastard. Ricky Martin 6-down for both a 6-tony Stamos and Hulk Hogan and Panthers Sleazy Five of Peace. Rosie O'Donnell 4. Joey Lawrence 4. Will Wilson 3. Chuck Doris and Mark Walberg until Thomas and Michael and Michael Thomas 2. David Solatu. Vicky Lawrence 2. Paul Servingo 1. And Tom White's nun because nobody knows who that is. Tom White's and we wait for my computer to blow up. I think this thing is Dylan. Uh oh. Don't you think that's bad? Well of course it's bad. No Jay. You be Dylan. That is bad. So before you be like today's pool, here's another very important pool. We had all the pools you could ever want. Even you pull lovers out there. Most think Bush is failing second term. All right. What do you think? Absolutely. And majority of Americans are more likely to vote for a candidate November's congressional elections who opposes President Bush. And 58% consider a second term of failure so far. According to a new pool, come out yesterday. Fewer people consider Bush to be honest and trustworthy now than a year ago. And 53% said they believe his administration deliberately misled the public about Iraq's reported weapons program before the US invasion in 2003. According to a new CNN USA today, Gallup Bush shorts pool. 53% said they believe he deliberately lied to the public to get us in the war in Iraq. And he still loved the president. And he still on the air for like two three hours every day. Talking crap. It looks like a moron. How do you like that? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think this computer I think maybe something to fried in there. Uh oh. Huh? Is that possible? Of course it's possible. Well, I'm but it's still working right now, but I had to be leaving. And it's that smell that iodine kind of smell is coming up into the room again. And probably going to soon pass out in the middle of the show today. Geez, I would like to have lived just at least two the weekends so I could go back and plunge my guts out of an agra. See all those beautiful young couples there, or signing them couples? Shoot a few of the, uh, bitches? I mean, uh, ha ha ha ha ha ha. What? Get the get in the way, you know? Well, I don't know everything seems to be working on here just fine. So I'm probably going to take up an office full of call up any key at home. I'll give you the morning line on. So I'm what time did my computer is going to blow up today in the middle of the show? No. That is really bad news. Get a chart going. Somebody kill me. I am. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, you don't. Me, what was the, uh, you know, my me asking, what was the track that shaft sounding track that you had on your intro? If you don't mind telling me. What was the track we had on the intro? You're asking me. Can I have George? Pop it with a rolling stone. Oh, I've been necklid with pay intention because I kept hearing Hank talking in the back. I'm putting a spot. Pop it with a rolling stone. Right. I keep the. Pop it with Mick Jagger's and daddy. Good show. And I'm. Yeah, what, what is that? That the first time we ever had anybody call for that. Let me go and I want to sniff this. Siss him and let me sniff it. You know what that, that's not what it is. No. That is a. That's not what it is. We go. Huh? Maybe a rat died in the corner. No, it's not that kind of a smelly. They're laying a rat in here, Mr. Maybe it's like something in the building like right above this room. It's a very well made. You think? Maybe a rat died upstairs. And maybe there's, uh, uh, some French Canadian visiting upstairs. Maybe the people upstairs left their, uh, bathtub. But if that's the case, how come my spot by didn't clear out that items, huh? Huh? I don't know. Mr. Computer expert. I don't know. So let me tell you about the two movies I watched yesterday when we come back from the break. One of them very good, which, uh, oh, it's two bad Joshes. There he'd be very proud, but two bad. He's busy. He's, uh, he's, he's, he's, he's probably, I doubt it. It's probably listening across the street and spying. Yeah, we got spies on you guys across the street listening to what's he, what kind of crappy talking. My good friend Neil Rogers across the, yeah, who are you kidding, Danny? You jackass, you little league or you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, statistical maniac. You're going to have a big ego. There's one thing you need to go with it, which you lack, and that's called like talent. This is, this is real Roger. This is five, sixteen, two, eight, six. Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, they were one of the biggest alternative bands in the 80s and 90s, despite the fact that their lead singer was dead the entire time. They were the cure. Oh yeah, I've been dead since 1991. I was depressed at first, but I think I made it work for me. The cure's front man Robert Smith was a foolish figure with their white face and shocking inward scissor hands here. Well, I mean, it's a bit of a drag. We went through a lot of personnel changes in the band, you know, with my having to gradually suck their brains out with a straw for nourishment. Sure, I can see that. Of course, this was the eighties. So as they had more and more of their brains sucked out, the music got better. That makes sense. Basically, I didn't want a little thing like being dead to get in the way you mean go. Which was right. Right, knit songs and banging lots of crumpets. That's necrophilia. What for them? Yeah. Not for me. I was already dead. Never looked at it that way. Oh sure. It ain't necrophilia. If you're already dead. I mean, it was. I'm guilty of what? On the eye of a failure. You're pretty in a type of it for a dead guy. And listen, mate, I am still the one. The only, the original walking corpse. Eat my smoke, Michael Jackson. The cure. Hey, we would never have had those hot, slony goth chicks without them. It's a big juicy, shopping wedlock of show business tonight on inside the behind. So it'd be pleased to know that had this fine-mired did work and it was just a fine. I am not relieved. Are you relieved now? Then my computer probably is going to blow up in the middle of the show after the show. I'll just unplug it. Just say, hit it with the hose. Okay. What movie this is the pool that we're doing now and through the weekend? What movie should never have been remade? All the bad we make all the time. Six, ninety, seven. Psycho, sixty, seven, punitive, aches, poda, sixty, six, and war the world, sixty, three. So there's that aw, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm just fumes are going to get me gagging today. It's probably, you know, probably what it is. It's because you've got me to take all that Norton Anteye virus stuff on my computer. It's then there's probably a virus in my room now. Probably, definitely Ebola. Pink Panther 58th longest yard 53, bad news, bears 45, per be the love bug. You know how many that's got? About 30 minutes. Roarball 27, evil with Chris Klein still, he couldn't put it over the top. Oceans 1120, Miracle on 34th Street 19, the blob 18, shaft 15. Did you see as a case was a Scientologist? What I said? Oh, that's bad news. Fly to the Phoenix 15. Guess who's come, I guess what's coming to the inter 13? Godzilla's coming to the inter 13 for Godzilla. Stefford wise, Trump, ensuring candidate 11, Emilyville, Horten, the producers 10. Why did they do that? A star is born 10. The postman always ranked twice nine. Freaky Friday 8, walking tall 8, Lana, Donna, the date 8. La Kajafoa, the bird cage 7. Dr. Doolittle 7, gone in 60 seconds, seven. How so, wax 7, the fog? Six. Meet your black six, the out of town is five, she provided a dozen five, Mr. Died's five, Dracula five, time machine five. What a stranger calls five. Don't see it. It's coming to a theater near your suit. I assume a voted like a plague. Can't fear five. Have you checked the children? I mean, when I still can't get over that. And then when we tell me that they give it with a giveaway line to the whiting, he's in a house. Get out of the right away. They've been doing that a lot lately, not just with this movie. Give it away the whole day. Oh, it saves you some money. I don't know if you're going to go see it. I thought I would anyway, but yeah. Kate Fierre five, Alphi four, in here at the win three, the Italian job three, the hills have eyes too. Let's call it on precinct 13, too. The no-esci-one and non-for-12 angry men, or the getaway, out of seven-o-five. Are you impressed or what? Okay, okay, here's my movie. We're here right after this very important call. Q-way, I'm hello. Yes, sir? You have a dark skin hot dog there. Starsky and Huch was a movie? I thought it was a TV show. It was the date they made into a movie. It does. That's not a remake. Sorry, nice try. They don't understand the question. Oh, that's new. What movie should never have been remade? Not what TV show. I mean, if we, that's a whole separate book. Oh, another poll. What is a pretty bunch movie? And they did, oh, eight times. Oh, everything. Oh, my God. Right? The monsters movie, sure. You and A-man. Anyway, so yesterday I had the little exciting episode trying to watch City of God, which people have been nudging me. You've got to watch City of God. Okay. See, it burned me. It really burned. I started watching it on a day. I wasn't in the mood of watching movie. I guess. And I just stopped after about five minutes. It's sad. I held with this. And so I started watching it again two nights ago. And then I watched him on our, and I thought there was like some break up and they did it all a DVD. But not too bad. And then I realized, I'm like, this is a two hour plus movie. I'm going to go to bed and I watch the rest of them all. So the show ends yesterday and two. I popped that baby in her. Make me a little lunch and while I'm eating lunch, I put it in there. And right after the part where Benny gets shot by accident, I'm sorry Benny gets shot. So, um, what? Oh no, that's fine way. You know, Benny should have done something with that here. That was not a good color. No. You know, the glasses were bad enough. But anyway, so Benny gets shot. And then right after that, which really gets to the real important part of the movie, the most important. Uh, and then all the sense that's breaking up real badly again. Damn it. The digital breakup on that DVD got was punishing you for burning your copies. I shouldn't have blown myself up. So I thought to myself, oh, yeah, watch this much and I'm really enjoying it. It's pretty good. But now I got to put on my jacket with cold and hell. I go to the neighborhood music store. And I'm looking under city of God. Can't find it. And I don't really know when I find it. But I don't even find like the empty thing there for the file. They're out of the, there's no such thing. The tab. The wife? The tab? The tab. The tab. The hunter. Whatever. A tab hunter was there. He said he was gay. That city of, you know, get lost, you're old. So I came back home. In fact, I went to another restaurant, looked in the also been heaven. So I came back home. And I went to IMD because I thought I think this movie's got like about 40 other names. Lost to take, they do. Well, the French name. Well, the French name. Well, I, you know, that's not the name of it. That's the, that's on the packaging. I see. I see me international. I meant that. Yeah, it's got, oh boy, I'll say it. So the other name for this is, I see a dog because that's Spanish. It's Portuguese. We, we, see, God, the, they, they, it was something like that. So I wrote that down and I went over there and I thought, well, now I'm going to find it. And I looked that up and this still wasn't there. And of course, I'm just, I'm not one of those people at likes to go to the information desk and say, you have, I should have done that. But that's no fun. So I can ask people for directions, you know. Yeah, no, what man does that? That's right. So I want to be a manly man. So I, I thought to myself, let me look under the, they have it like a world, world, the movie, section, whatever they call it, world something. And sure enough, there was city of God. And I came back and I acuted up to where I left off and it was damn good with excellent. Not, not, not Roger Ebert, you know, who's a very silly, very person on a front of it. It says, what the best films you'll ever see. You know, I would not say, and it's got that 8.8 out of 10. No, it's very good. The fact that it's got subtitles, it's in a four line, wouldn't it? It's got subtitles immediately. They add about a point and a half. Right. So it was excellent. It's worth seeing. And I've watched the whole thing in Josh Curtis don't have to bug me about it anymore. Or you. And it was fine. And you've got your, you got the imaginary heroes. And you walked in was very good. That was fine. I would say imaginary heroes was better than this. But then again, that's just my opinion. Right. Well, I like city. You got better. But then that's just a, my guess. I see a opinion. A little bit more. Now, when I go over there the second time looking for and finally finding city of God, the city of The city of. They'll God. I also happen to see, it's really amazing. And there's no reason to go to a theater, see a movie anymore. Because after about two months, they're on DVD. Right. They've been saying that they're releasing them earlier and earlier. In fact, their bare back, uh, mountain, their back cowboy is going to be March 7th. It's going to be on DVD in the stores. Oh boy. Well, I know you'll be out there just waiting. You'll be kind of a three in a morning. I don't know if I'm open the door. I'm camping out. Right. I can't even afford. I think. So anyway, I see the constant gardener. And there has been so much Hollywood. In fact, every list of all the top movies of the year and all so great. And but if we put a book for them, and probably even some of our people out there. Now, first of all, the name is crap because the main character in the movie, Ralph Fien, whatever his name is. Yeah. Ralph Fien's. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Ralph Fien's. Yeah. Sure. Baker. Uh, yeah. He's in the gardening and you see like three or four times in a movie. He's like digging in the garden. Well, but not, it's just stupid. It's just stupid. Because it has nothing to do with a movie. And the movies about how they're poisoning all these people in Africa to draw the pharmaceutical companies. And they're experimenting on them with this. This is going to be this big worldwide epidemic of tuberculosis. And nobody knows about it except for the drug company. And the drug company's manufacturing kind of reminds me of that A.B. on flu thing, you know, with that syrup flu that Donnie Rumsfeld's got to let's stock in, you know. So anyway, that's the thing. And if you think I'm giving away the plot good because you don't want to save the money. And the guys' wife gets murdered along with her her, I don't know what you would call him. Her black or their chocolate-complexed assistant. Is there money? Which we're supposed to think yet that he's the bunny. But the fact is it turns out that he's gay. So they weren't doing anything anyway. But the husband is suspicious because they have like an open marriage. And she loses the kid and then she goes off to somewhere. And of course I just got to watching City of God, which is about all these. And again, I don't want to make it into a racial thing. But I will anyway. It's about all these brown and black kids. And then this movie, most of it is in Africa. And, you know, it depicts the, I mean, and not to the same thing wrong with that. Because the world doesn't care about all these people that are dying in Africa. But these people are being used as guinea pigs and being experimented on by the pharmaceuticals. Because of a custom too much more to like remix the drug and like re, you know, experiment with on. And so they're trying it out on these people and be notes to them. And to see if it does cure tuberculosis. And they can make billions of dollars from it. And, you know, first rate spy game and all these lines, what are your best movies and about this gripping thriller. There is nothing thrilling about it. There's no suspense. The acting because it's mostly a British thing is about as dry as sandpaper. Honest to God. How, how anybody considered this. If this is one of last year's best movies, then we should have just slept through the year, you know. Yeah, probably what I did. Huh? Good. Good. Good. Golly Miss Molly. Now, maybe some of you out there like the constant gardener to which I say your taste is probably deep in your Tush. I mean, it's bad. So save your money. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, and what's your dad really want to movie now? Did what you want? The Willy Wonka movie. Oh, yeah. I don't know about that. Oh, yeah. Let's get that on there. Alright, man. Okay. Now, Willy Wonkers that like, when I was talking about the Johnny dead movie, that is correct. Which is called Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Charlie and the chocolate wasn't I ripping that a couple weeks ago when I came back from wherever I was last time from your last time. Oh, that was just pathetic. And you know how much I like Johnny. You know, the aroma from this thing is getting so bad. He had me swallowed any minute. Don't swim. So you think I should open a window? Might not be a bad idea. Oh, there he goes. What? No, I'm serious. It's in here. Did I say that when I first came in here this morning, it's only in this room. And it's not like any equipment is burning up or anything like that. It doesn't mean that. Pewter. Why? That's how you do it. I would say, I'm dying out of the hair. That's be the pewter. Let me take this sniff. Let me sniff it. All right. Step it. It's like a three-fold bike. Oh, we got that priest again. More priest story in Miami. A lot of bad priest out there doing bad. Also, this is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your boy. You're the boy. You're the daughter of any questions. No. Move it clean. The road lead to the 19th century. Have some trouble with earth hell. You were taking drugs to help earth feel a little better about earth's health. She drove home, my little fellow and wound up crashing more. She died at some manney. Time was fully me on our door. She's a little drop down my day. And whoops, I'm not before they cry. When she's like no one from the table and I. Who has been following the long long wild because she will be true. I just looked up constant gardener on the IMDB. It's got 7.6 out of 10 stars. You know what? That is just ridiculous. I just hope that a window open. It's about a hundred times worse. I think that's coming from outside. Is that the real night that hours? What is it? That's a relief anyway. If it is coming to my hand. I'm not a computer because I'm sniffing around a computer and maybe he did overheat or something. That's not where that room is. It smells like iodine. Only in this room. Damn. I think somebody like stuffy. I knew. Okay. Now that we got like Stephen Harper is our prime minister of Canada. I think that probably he and the bush people got together. And they stuck along. You through the window or something. Man, I'm just gagging on it. I've never smelled anything like that in my life. It's so strong and so pungent. It's like a bit of a forest fire. Oh, look at that. No signal. I computed it just went out. It's a computer like I said. Uh-oh. It just died. Oh no. Yeah. Hmm. Eric thinks you might have gotten a worm. Are you serious? Well that's what he said. Well why would it smell like that then? No, I don't know. I know nothing about worms. Uh-oh. You better confabulate with him about that because if that's the case, I'm a screwed man. I'm screwed and tattooed and all of a dude. Yeah, I better unplug that baby. Alright, one more way please. Should have kept more. One, two, three, four. But take it. Yeah, thanks a lot George. Why do you think that out of anything to do with it? If I was a dog, I never got a worm before. I was just a coincidence that I removed all the norton stuff yesterday. And then between last night and today I get that worm quite a worm. I got a worm. What you also got worms, baby? You go with fire fox. There's no reason you should be getting in front of me. Oh, I do not. You don't? No, I don't. Not no more because on this one it does make a difference. I always do it all the time. Poison is evil Internet Explorer? Yes. Oh, geez. In other words, a worm would fly my computer as a, is he telling me the ms? No, everything sets the power supply. A worm should not fly your computer like that set it on fire. What's not on fire? I mean, it's getting a little carried away. I wanted that everything sets the power supply. Remember what I was saying in my story this morning? I had a similar smelly problem with the computer. It was the power supply. Yeah. The little box that you put in the little more than box. That's the power supply. Yeah. The cord gets plugged into right there at your computer. And it tends to overheat and certainly if it overheats, it'll shut your computer down. And it snows while it's overheating. That's what was happening. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. That's not the lead of the air to find my worms. Eric found the worm. He's got experience. Very ill, but. When he's that much, you want to get in, you have to get the worm. Here's a fact from Rick who says, man, on fire should never have been redone. There's another one for you. And sound slimes as well. You're going to have to give the pull result because I don't have the ability to handle. Sound slimes. Not the one that was redone. It was man hunter that was redone. No man hunter. Well, whatever. It was redone as red dragon. Oh, it says the original sound slimes was called man hunter. No, no, more. Yeah. Yeah, I do know more in the red dragon. It was red dragon. Use a red snake. Who's red and the one? Not sound to the land, which was only made one time. Well, what about man, I'm fire? Never heard of it. So what do I do now? I'm going to get a new power supply for this thing or I said not to the other that you will be able to do. How many of you have heard? I mean, you can get like your computer friend might know how to switch those things out of there. I say, might. You certainly will be able to do it. Oh, wow. Not good. No. I might have to dig the old computer out of my closet and I hooked that baby off. Good thing you got to last seven that closet. Oh, my closet is loaded. Do I think it's not in here as me? Oh, what Tom Cruise? Tommy. You're fairery. And damn a bastard. You're fairery. Wow, that's unbelievable. So I told you, didn't tell you what I came in here. So that's what that stench is. It's from the power supply. Leave it to Eric, our computer analyst, to know what man it is. Oh, it's a good thing I got that window open. I'd probably be suing at the end of floor right now. Smells like iodine. Like real strong like mature chrome. Once the last time you used mature chrome, you all used them. Yeah, it's out there. Oh, it's time. The whole room is just permeated with that stench. Let me get my lice all spray here. Ah, here it is. Oh, oh, oh. Whoa. Man, there's a sneaky warm in Neil Studio. God, I sure hope it ain't attached to me. Good, golly Miss Molly. So how do you like that? The computer just died. It went out. I doesn't plug it in again, huh? Oh, no, for a while, but give it a while. That's what we have to do with mine. The one that I was having problems with. Yeah, I had to have a kitchen. Eventually, I had the power supply replaced. Yeah. But up until that point, I would just have to let it cool down for a while. Unplug it, plug it back in. For how long? Like an hour. Oh, an hour? Why can't I let it? And then plug it back in and then it came back. Ten minutes. How old would I stay before it started? Burn up again. A couple of three hours and then it would overheat and shut down. Ninth. So around noon, I'll remind me of noon. Okay, set the timer. And at noon, I'll plug that baby in again. See if I can start a good fire in here. Okay. That is really tragic. Because I just bought this thing. This is such a great computer. And you're telling me an error says that a worm, how could a worm do that? Is speculating. He's the worm near your computer. No, what? How could a worm make your power supply overheat? Only by causing your computer to run all kinds of processes for an extended period of time and us overworking it. But you were using it. It was working up until it shut down. It was working when I went to bed last night. And this morning I came in here and we probably not a worm. Although stuff using that internet explorer business man. I got to use that for a lexon man. You don't have to. A lexon is not compatible with what we have to go through. I don't know. You're stuck on a lexon. I'm not stuck on a lexon. Okay. I'll tell you what. You sent all the bedtime stories from now on. How's that? You sent it. It sounds awful. No, that sounds awful. We have that it does. Well, if I don't have a lexon man, I said, a much like your process. I'm too old and lazy to be doing that. And these people want to meet their bedtime stories. They get norton or no norton. Yeah. That's what you can listen to. Using internet explorer. It's a single problem on here. If I would have kept that norton and anti-virus thing in there, I wouldn't be having this problem today. And somebody I know talked me out of it. Oh, good all of that out of there. What about it? And I've been in the middle of a sudden. It must be just a coincidence that all of a sudden today the whole thing is frying itself. Haven't you norton any four of my could be able to get this one? Yeah, well, yes. I'm not mingorten is my life's a rather real eyes. Even though they came bugging me. I'm sure I think they pissed off that I wouldn't renew it. And as a result, they probably, they zapped me. Right. They're the ones writing the virus as I'm convinced. It could be. Could be. They must have said a worm through the line. Which by the way, none of that stuff has any of that. I'm going to see my father. I'm going to floor right now. Let me grab it. Come at a QA. I'm warm. Central. Hey. Yeah. How many QA I am? Hello. Yes, sir. It probably sounds like you personally go out all the time. That's the first thing I go out on computers. What's that again? The power supply, right, George Lane? Yeah, but this is the computer's like three months old. I'm fine. They go out on the radio and it went. Oh, yeah. They just not made very good. So what do I do now? Well, if it's gone gone, you're SRL. But if it's still like over getting turned off with the overriding side, you could put like a fan on or something and see if it will cool down the power supply so you could use it during your show. So the fan on it? Get the, behind it. Yeah. Yeah. What are your fans to go up there and blow on it? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, I'm sure we got plenty of people who can do that. And I got a pull for you. Yes, sir. Please. I'm about moving that bomb even though the head stars and my recommendation is Hang on catch with, so it's the loan and Kirk Russell. How was it? Hang on catch? Oh, Tango and Cash, all man. Oh, the loan and Kirk Russell. Good name, hang on. Good. I'm going to fill the ticket. Movies that bomb even with big stars, well, there's so many. Yeah. You did as he the first guard to the constant guardner. No. Good. Don't see it. Oh, I won't wait. No, I saved you money, man. Don't see it. Thanks. Well, the look on the first fight. Hey, thanks. So my power supplies. Sorry. Oh, Eric. Yeah. I was joking about the wicked worm. He just wanted to make a worm joke. That's why I look into the power supply, which is obviously way. This isn't time for joke and Mr. Facts are up there in Orlando. This is time to get real serious. Okay. My power supply is flying over here. And you're telling me that this is commonplace. And we're going to fight like by a new one just by itself. Is that what you see? The desktop that I had bought in was, yeah, you can get bought in brand new and not inexpensive, you know, custom built job. And within a month, I had to replace the power supply, which was obviously the cheap part of it. You're not answering my question. In other words, I can go out and buy just a little black box. One power supplies on the hand, go to say, you can comp you a say or another computer or a car store by a power supply and swap it out if you know what you're doing. Well, what do you mean by that? It's not that hard. It's just, I mean, any idea. I don't know where to the empty plugs in. I guess not. So I don't know what it entails. And guess what? Now that I pull the plug on it, thing, and I got to win to open it, it smells gone away. It's got to be that drove. Must be just a coincidence, huh? Let's cook it. Why hate burning the audience with all these technical things because it's very rarely happens. Here, and usually all of our technical problems are down there. So you probably feel better about this thing. Well, you've got my computer is flying. Right? It says I'm flying over here. Doesn't you get your friend on the plane over here? That's what they even. You got your friend up there that say, yes. Yes. That's right. A computer. Yeah. Okay. Ask him. He'll know more about whether it's time. My throat is scratching. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. From that, uh, I'm telling you, that's like the chemicals burning in the ear. That stuff is like that, right? It's like releasing all these toxins. It's like you're going to that coal mine and not coming out. Anyway, your friend might be able to do it. I know how to do it. And what if he can? Well, I'd be able to do what? Switch your powers to fly out. If not, you just take the whole case to the computer store and have them do it. During the break, I'm going to go back to her. Look, because I think you're making it into a big semesters. Only two cords is one of plugs into the power and there's one of plugs in the computer. Right. This is very simple. This is one. Even a child could do it. But you don't understand inside. You're black power cord plugs into a box that's inside your computer. That box is then powers everything in your computer. And you got all kinds of wires coming off of that box inside your computer. Distribute it. How are all over the place? Can I ask you a question here? What's in the box? Power. Oh. Let's get to that S-Price from our S-I-C-Z-M-I-M-E charge with sex abuse after the break. I feel like we haven't started today. I feel like we're right off our feed because of this damn computer crap. You know, why can't they make stuff that lasts? That doesn't like fry and burn off itself. I don't know. The same with everything they make, man. Because the car made in China. You think? I don't know. Probably everything is. Human Packard, baby. How can it be made in China? Because everything is. I'm looking. I'm looking for a little thing on Earth. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? I don't know. I can't find the money. Well, this is an HP over here. I'll find it. You're an amazing China. Probably. Oh, look at that. Just in 50, 100, 2000 fat-toch members gathering Gaza City in a wave in that fat-toch flag. And they're like getting all bent out of shape too bad. Big deal. Guess what? You guys lost. Those three democratic elections, baby. Not a good idea when you're dealing with people like killing everybody. Hey, the Emerald Coast is slow. That's a wrong spot. I see you got me all screwed up now. I have a little bit of a wrong spot. I'll run in. I'll go watch the back. Oh. I saw City of God. I heard you were here. It was good. I'm sorry about it. Yeah. There you go. Don't get the constant guard. You didn't see that, did you? No. Don't do it. And what do you think about my computer situation? What are you supposed to be the expert? Well, I mean, all I, from when I was listening, all I heard was, there's a smell. Not so much no more than I got there. That's what I'm going to do. Yeah. And the computer just went out by itself. So obviously it was overheating. Right? That's what happened to mine. There was a smell. And it got overheated. Shut up. You leave it on like 24 hours a day? Yes. Yeah. Just bad. So now you tell me that I got to get a new power supplier. Is this one like, can I just let it cool off and it might be okay or not? Well, try it. It might be. Yeah. Yeah. But it cool. And then it's not. And yeah. And then it's not like it's really complicated. No, no, I said, I don't know how you did. And you said you got to do the bumpers in your box and the freak. I said, I was your friend to take and swap it out. It might be easy enough for him to do it. Right. But you think I can't do it. It really is showing me pretty short of my computer, uh, analization of my analytical abilities here, you know? It's not just a couple chords. It's a whole bunch that you have to, uh, it is really. Repug in there. Like I said, I'm showing it not to window during the break. 1115 already. My god. Let's get with it. Hey, if you want to see the most amazing fireworks that's speaking of fire ever, then make plans to go to Pompatopark tomorrow Saturday, January 28th, to see their unbelievable show called Hot to Trot. Australian trainer driver Vincent Silvestron is amazing horse hand me silver or race around the dark trash shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks as Silvestro drives the horse while standing on the shafts of his race bike. Holding the reins in his teeth and the rain flers in his hands. You got to see it to believe it. Then there'll be a spectacular infield fireworks display after the show. There'll also be free mini horse rides free face painting in live music too. All of these things. All of these things coming up tomorrow Saturday the 28th. Hot to Trot night at Pompatopark at 9 p.m. And like always, Pompatopark features free admission, free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker gets sent away noon in just about 44 minutes today. And live racing gets sent away nightly and fluing tonight at 725 at a p.m. Don't forget every Monday night at a Pompatopark at 2 for 25 dollar dinner. Special at the top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday in it is dollar night for draft of your so-called soft dogs and more. But especially when a market down on your wrist right now for tomorrow night, they big hot to trot show at Pompatopark. Pompatopark with cymbal casting every day at night, 7 days a week of black south of the landing board. And on power line road for the new racing schedule 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000 or go on the wicked web at Pompatopark.com. Watch out for a myriad of toll on this. A new Roger. This is 5 16 2 8. Every Friday we see a wake-on once it's the fate once the day comes. And cover it and sleep. Re-making time. Re-making time. Re-making time. Because he wants to make new or leave too soon. And I would say what people are saying. Like a sexy gentleman. We have black people. It's coming out of the zone. Show the god is fair. The compared to the most loyally on the far. Stockton. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Yes, right now he's in pain. Re-making time. There's the work to make new or leave safe. It's fair for us to come together. It's time for us to rebuild a new or less. The one that should be uptown or way out of the hall. This city will be shortly of chocolate new or else. He never takes the blame for anything he says. Shot at the end of the day. Re-making time. Re-making time. Re-making time. Re-making time. You know I can. Re-making time. There's the ones to make new or leave safe. You can't have new or less. So I'm the way. It was the main place. It's just literally chocolate. It's 1121. So here's the apparel. So far, you're probably wondering, how you got the apparel results. I plugged in for a while enough to print it out. I'm going to be on the top of the screen. Alright. Very swift of you. Isn't that clever thinking? Show enough. What movie should never have been remade. We got 771 votes. We got to get through a thousand of the day. Which I don't know how we're going to do it because we like aren't doing a show yet. Psycho77, finally, F69, more of the World 68, Pink Panther 63, the longest you are at 58. Bad news, Bears. 48. Herbie the love bug 33. Roar Balls. 29. Oceans 1121. The blob. 20. Miracle on 3439. 15. Guess who's coming to the rate team? He's chocolate. Flight of the Phoenix 17, Godzilla 16, Shaf 15, and true in candidate and Emily Villarore and Stiffford Webs. A dozen of the pieces. The producers and the stars born 10 of piece, the postman and always rings twice and walking tall 9 of piece. Freaky Friday, dawn of the dead, and the time machine man had eight. 7 for La Cajra Fall and the bird cage. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Little gone in 60 seconds. Thousands of blacks on the fog and 7 for Mr. Deeds goes to a where we went and Mr. Meachier Black. Next with the out of towners in cheaper by the dozen five for Alphine Dracula when a stranger caused Cape Fear forfully wonka, Vanille Sky and three for a fellow every men and her at the win the Italian job. A pair for the hills have eyes, a sawdown precinct 13 and none for the getaway. If anybody can call in, tell me why the constant gardeners are good movie. I'm all ears. I'm all right to hear. Got my ears on. You got your ears on? Oh yeah. I'll call Eric after the show. Maybe you have the show. Maybe. But you're wrong. I'm just, well you don't know this particular thing now. I don't know. Well I just look at it and it doesn't look all I complicated to me. It's just a no about mine and I had somebody else do it. So you why? I had somebody else fix it rather than, you know, just taking swings in the dark. You know, I would like to know is that is the power supply a part that you can, I would assume that you can go and buy separately. That's all I would like to know. You can buy it separately. Yeah. Well thank you. So freaking much. Oh god. And here's more. Yes, they're, for the first part universal as much as more as ours does cops go. They're what? They're more or less universal. A desktop power supply. Oh, I can probably go over to Santa Nunen pick one up. Right. So what's the problem? Why are you making such a big deal on this? I don't know. And then Eric would have a warm business. Or it's just with a several wires plugged into that power supply on the inside of your computer. That is not correct. All right. On the outside, one black cord plugs into that box. On the inside, that box is connected to several other wires that feed your hard drive, your CD-ROM, the network. Yeah, but there's only one connection. There are two connections. There's the black, the audience is going to go into a Coleman off. You start doing this. Okay. All right. They're, they're impaling themselves with sharp objects. They're taking a computer monitors and heading them out to window. All right. Please. All right. All right. All right. All right. I'll handle it. WDQAM. Hello. One slide. Hey. How's it going? Just walking. Yeah. I bet you did. But you think better. WDQAM. Hello. Santa Lockhears. Buddy. I was motion on something. 560, 560, Tom 560, he Verizon and SIGGARWAC. There was nobody's calling in about the constant governor. Oh, one of the great movies of the year. It's a thriller. It's a killer. It is so boring and pond-risk. In fact, I had to call from normal last night. I was in the middle of watching it. Thanks by the way for giving me a break from the movie, Norma. And he said he made the mistake a few weeks ago going out and getting, they're doing the same thing. Because of all the hype. And he was watching it. And he was like, he was so pissed off. He actually burned it or threw it out to window or something because it was so bad. He heaved it. WDQAM. Hello. Good afternoon sir. Yes. Or what it evening. Whatever it is. Yes. Thank you guys. You're talking about two totally different things. And you're not understanding what George is saying. I usually don't understand. I don't know if you can be funny. Right. Yeah. Yeah. All of this is Carlos. Oh, great. He's working with you. What does he do with you? He's actually working with you. He's actually working with you. Correct. The box that he's talking about is inside the case. This is not the little box outside the connects to the wall, the thing. It's inside the case and if you plug the wrong wires that you're talking about the power of the hard drive and the CD ramen all the good stuff If you plug the wrong wires into the power supply the wrong way it will fry all kinds of stuff So I don't recommend doing that. Yeah, I'm not talking about the adapter box. I'm gonna see outside if that's what you're thinking Right, you know, it's inside inside the box inside the outer case Well, how do I'm gonna do that? I'm gonna take this thing apart. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about Right talking about something that you can do. I said I don't be so He's not a computer repairman. He's a programmer, which is far a far cry from You're gonna have to take that But case take everything all the plug off of it and all that stuff is schlepping down Yep, you got it Good luck sir. Thanks for the band is better. I told myself during my spray. Thanks. Bye Gonna do like that news bitch and Sarah soda We're in our run on the air. Let's make sure you get them right here. Sir, is it we got to go inside the case? That's what I thought you knew what I was talking about now about something that you can see from the outside The black cord plugs into your computer, but what I'm plugging into is a box that's inside your computer Oh, I mean how are so I think that's crying inside and that distributes three distributes that power to all of the different units in your computer All those little cables. I think it's so that Norton anti virus. I think you're a little hidden in there Say that it was that yeah, George George is by me a brand new computer now And if you had any idea what it was like when my friend had to set this up for me because of the fact I got the two I the network here, you know, oh my god We gotta go through that again. I think he'll probably kill himself or maybe shoot me. Oh My well something fixed it up there he'll fix it for you Like I said I think it just made a comeback Lift is kneel Rogers although α different That's funny, when you're a little late on you, but there's no one on this, me. You're fastest to will this me. That's right, you're running a mess, baby. So I'm going to do it. I catch my check and water my jury. Oh white one with a great big face seat. I've got some earthdivision, for the race that's quite a big deal. From all your race and deep home, very, very beautiful. With the delicious team in poker, I can just organize it back in. I put fog codes on my baggy, check it in. I may have one baby in a grave, and I got stuck by my own pizza. But you're gonna miss me. Now that poker can't miss me. I guess you're gonna miss me. Oh no, go ahead. It's 1132 at QM. It's 1132 at QM. Look at that, they're a brand fires out there, 1500 to 2000. Fatak members outside the Palestinian legislative council are pissed off and fired up. They must be in the head of election, you guys lost. Yeah. You guys lost, and they're screaming, but I'm not guilty. It's really, really stupid. Here's a fact from Jason and Miami Lakes, who says, George is right. Well, it's about time. Wait, what's the other comp us at bigger part? Twice a year, at least I'm right. You can go to comp us there best by, in fact go to comp us. You have to go on a man hunt for help at best by, I've been on a man hunt for years. And the power supply cost $30 to $50. If you just bought that computer a few months ago, you'll need an ATX power supply to fit on the newer computers. I hope this can help. Well, thanks Jason and Miami Lakes, but see, that doesn't sound like it's something you need to open up the box for. It does, trust me. Doesn't sound like the right price either. No. Really? It's all in watts, so you want to get a, you know, if you can bought that, I'm sure it's under warranty. Just take it back to where you got it and say, look man, the power supply blew up. Yeah, there's overheating. Oh boy. And then what? And they'll swap it out for you. They should. If it's a no swap it out for me? What if it's not even three months old, is it? No. But then if they're, but regardless, if they're going to give me a new one, then I'm going to have to go through the same jar ofations and set it up all over again. Is the first time I am going to do this. I'm going to do that to do that to do that to do that. If I can put an agrofault, I'm going to jump over the falls. What? They shouldn't have to do that at all, though. Sometimes just to be bastard, they, uh, they race stuff. So you just said they'll swap it out for you. What does it mean? The power supply. Oh, the power supply. Yeah. And how long would that take? Well, it will take five minutes and they'll probably take three days. I see. Well, I always got that other one as a backup. I'll take that one. It's not always good to have a spare. I'll take you. I got a whole closet full of them. And I'll take care of those stories for tomorrow because I'm such a great guy to a guy. I'll call Eric, I'll send a Joshua bunch of crap. Anyway, if I can get to those, it's already 1134. And if you like, we have any missed one. Why you doddle in today? Because I feel like it. Before we go into a talk, I'm going to be done anything yet. Hey, not only that, but come out to the Marlin Selecta C tomorrow. It's often stating from 10am to 2pm during these four hours tomorrow. You can be done for a willows between 10 and noon. He's the only guy who recognizes on the team anymore. And you can lock in tickets for the Red Sys before individual tickets go on sale. Plus, you can register when a private luxury suite for opening day that's Marlin Selecta C tomorrow. It's often stating 10 to 2. Now, here's our now. How's the Josh's dad's a foot-done? Is that leg, is he? What is it? It's leg. What is it? He's getting it to scope basically. I got some bullet clots and stuff. Oh, I see. Well, that's not very real, right? I mean, you got to go. Oh, I don't want to be here. I don't want to be here. Well, it's not like I asked in sensitive question. You would have answered, oh, he just we just buried him. Or yeah, that would have been bad. X-tree from our stices of mine. We charged with sex abuse. More of this stuff again. Look at the maniacs. Look at the fires they're standing over there in Palestine. Or where it is. It's a bonfire. Oh, yeah. Looks like a, yeah. And that's just a tailgate party. Look at those maniacs. Got all these fires going in their marching around. And we, but if all they knew, we've got, you know, Hamas is going to make them look bad. I wonder why they feel like that. Yeah. Well, what could I say? A former at St. S. and I, he priest was arrested on charges. He sexually abused the young boy he befriended the decade ago at his church. Oh, this is quite a convoluted story. The BS, oh, yes, that he arrested a former priest. It would serve perishes in South Florida for three decades. I'm charged as he sexually abused the young boy. But that's only the beginning of the story. The revenue authority, 62, is the first Catholic priest in the art St. S. and I, me, to be charged with sexual battery on a minor younger than 12. So whatever put those batteries on a kid are younger than 12. Right. Once they used, by the way, by Sally Fitz, which makes it even less appetizing. A leg victims of dirty have been coming forward ever since the Catholic Church's sex abuse scandal erupted in Boston in 2002. Broward authorities began investigating, believe this case after the victim filed a lawsuit against the arts dices of Miami accusing and are keeping the priest in a market perish where he allegedly was raped and raped the victim, now 19, over 5-year period beginning in 1996. The soon filed against the arts dices in September, which seeks $25 million damages, offers evidence that church leaders were aware of earlier sex abuse allegations against authority, yet apparently did nothing to protect children from him. The family is relieved that this man is off the streets and feels the community is finally safe from him after three decades of terror, said, Jeffrey, Herman, the Miami-based attorney for the alleged victim, Herman represents five men who claimed he was arrested and already molested them while he was a priest. We are encouraged that the legal systems were going to protect the community, Herman said, only one Catholic priest of Reverend Trevor Smith worked at a North Miami nursing home has been charged and convicted of sexually assaulting a child in South Florida. Doraity, who's three decades a service to Broward and Dave Peruses, included serving as director of vocations for the arts dices, was placed on a administrative leave in April of 2002. The arts dices knowledge of Doraity's past pedophilia surface and three-member anti-Bioceo, which says 6 Khrams prosecutor disclosed in 94 statement with a student who had been enrolled at Shaman out of high school in Hollywood decades earlier, a lawsuit filed in that case result may $50,000 settlement of pay off by the arts dices. In the latest, the case, the unidentified legs that claims to lawsuit that Doraity that a priest had marked in, saying Vincent Church, sexually abused him starting in 1996 when he was 10 years old. Under Florida law, there is no statute limitations of the victim of the victim is younger than 12, if he's convicted, dirty, the charges can carry a life sentence, and then we can get that guy that said they just arrested for our fight against. That's for him and near with him. Maybe he's for hire. In dozens of similar, well-equivalent investigations involving a South Florida Catholic priest, the eights on its been a barrier because alleged victims were 12 or older, in a like 13. According to the lawsuit, dirty, we threatened the boy and then, if I'd only as John Doe 22, when he was eight or nine years old, after meeting him at St. Vincent, the priest encouraged the boy to attend mass and confessions in the mid-90s. One day, the youngster told dirty, had been involved in a fight at school, a dirty, encouraged the victim to start smoking pot. Many of the success which occurred between 96 and 2000 after a while, John Doe was unconscious or semi-conscious from bingeing on drugs and booze. Or sounds like that Jesus do, that's always a good scam. More than two years ago, former student of the four-loved salespan Antony Cavalry school led to an assuth that when he was 12 years old, dirty, applied him with prescription drugs and raped it in him more than a dozen times. These assaults assholes allegedly took place in 76 at the priest mother's home, Yamama, in a hotel room and an apartment behind the parishioners house. That lost who found in Broward Circuit Court in September 2003 named the school and our study sees it defendants, but not dirty. A month later, they'd be so released and finding it on dirty. After a 17 month investigation of a severance, which the priest was accused of drugging and sexually abusing a 17 year old chamonaut senior in 70. Just it just goes on and I've had something they still have to instruct with for the ice for the heavens, forgot to get. Not even scratched it. And of course, how can you scratch it when it's back out of the carpet again? They're really beautiful, job and ad. They caress it a little bit. Yeah, yeah. I made a big stimulus about it for a couple of minutes and then it was the end of that. No mole. Five, I feel like naked without that something on it. No, I don't know. I don't hate to feel like, oh my god, feel like, I'm clean. Although I will say this is your smells a lot better and hear that? No, that's toxic. That's coming out of there. It's like burning metal and water. Is it really? I don't know what it is. Well, I mean, what would hide? It's like burning up in there, right? It's cooking. What is cooking? It's cooking. Maybe it controls the pasta near too. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, five, six, six, and a Verizon, SIGITAR wireless lines. I'm computer repair. Let's get David Grave-Lan for at your service. WQAM, hello. I'll go near, I'll go near. Yes, sir, OK. I'll wrap. I look at that equation and enjoy my memory of the name. It's right on my tip. I'll talk to the movie with Ash and Clisher and Mac. And what? And Bernie Mac, Chequisher, E.F. He's with the black arrow. Oh, I think that's a look who's coming to dinner. Something like that. But yes, it's coming to dinner, right? That's a remake of an original one where you to be the city. That's too Tracy. Right. Citi, Pau-Tia, Cancer, and Hepburn, right? For now. And that was that's why it's on our list. People, how could you do that? I mean, Ash and Tuchi, who is that on the pole already? Yes, absolutely. It's just a white guy showing up at the black arrow this time. Well, I followed it. I just turned in and... Oh, apologies. Don't be sorry. Well, listen, I gotta tell you this. Keep the bars of soap. The rope for me. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. I think what he was really trying to say was, Dodo-Dodo-Dodo. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Two, three. Yes. You're God. Right there, up, back on the street. So, my time took my chance. When the distance down, back on my feet, it's a man that is well just a vibe. It's the eye of a tiger. It's the thrill of the fight. Rising up through the challenge of our rival. And the last known survivor's talk is Ray and the night. And it's fortune must always be a tiger. I am a tiger. 114614 till two. We got a guilty again from the Bank of Kansas Center. And it's a patient that thinks, panther, what it gets to devil's tonight. Anybody buying that? Anybody going to be there? No. All those devil fans will be there. You know, I just plug that thing in again and I can already. That thing is frying inside. That's better be the box inside. Oh boy, your power box. Well, I did send Jack one story so far. Ooh, something and that's about it. Yeah, right. Oh no, this may never work again. So I got to make up for like the next several days. It's going to be about 100. And I got the pole here, 822. We'll make a thousand of the inspected holders to craft going on for which we apologize profusely. Do you believe us? No, no, we don't mean it anyway. And especially when you look at the phone, you see only line nine is reading. No, that's going to be a very brief call. Can you, how much you want to put? What do you ask? You ask me to file? I ain't taking that act. One to nine in the morning line. W to Q a m, hello. I'm going to ask about it. Q a m. Hey, pal. How you doing? OK. How's it up there in Toronto? It's the sunny end of the lovely. Great. My family was from birth. So that's up the little northeast you guys. I've never heard of it. I heard it for us on Stride. No, I'll first Canada. It's up to Ontario. It's a person's around. It's up there. Yeah, I'm a tarot province. Listen, on that power supply, it's E6. But they're right. You have to go into the box. There's like six or eight screws on side of it. They're small screws, like number one Phillips that take them out. Man, you write this down. Pull it down there. And the power supplies are the take it with you. It's like two screws that hold it in. And it's like four wires that come out of it. And you can't get confused because they only plug in to certain receptacles in the same size. It's like three wires into this one, four wires into this one, five wires in this one. Oh, they're not that hard to fix. Oh, my. I've changed and changed like four of them. And in my computers and it's not that hard. But take the original that you have to wear this computer store you go, comp USA, Canada or whatever. I don't know. But only to match it up. And maybe get a little bigger one. That's number one. Number two, this is three month old computer HP. You should be coming on a warranty. Yeah, it should be. It is. Take a look at that monkey with it. I'm going to take it back in here and say, hey, you guys did it with it. And make them if they can't give you one right away or fix it right away. Hey, they can pay for whatever cost you. No, it's fine. You cost me time and money. That gets somebody out here to set it up. Yeah, they're all like all the stuff. Charge them. And that take care of it. We're going to do it. But it's not that hard. And they use it. You're not, you're generous. Yeah, like the meridian. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, that's meridian. Yeah, well, I'm a meridian. I'm moving up to Pennsylvania. My wife's hometown up there. And I said, we're from Perth, Canada, which is north east of where you are. And it's going to be a great time. We're getting out here next year. Okay, apparently good luck to you. But good relationship. It's not that hard to change it. But make it. I'm not dealing with it. I'm taking it on there. I'm trying to warranty and I'm going to let them out because I don't know what I made up. Okay, do that. But it's only like eight screws pull it out. Take the tower box out. It's like four waters to come off of it. And they have to miss the passion because they plug into like, you know, separate or okay, it's a fairly things. He was going through the whole thing. Yeah. I'm starting to feel like I'm here in Celine Dion music and hell. Why didn't he keep saying Perth, Canada? Where does Perth? I don't know. If you look it up, people don't say Perth, Canada is like Perth on Terry or Perth. Perth and I wonder if you carry a Perth. A little pink one like the queen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, I, we did not just get your sand. I'm taking the whole thing in there. I think I'd better put him up to that call. That's not less to be in it. That's kind of me. That was Daniela Bachelors' buddy. Perth on Terry. Is it really? Yeah. Well, how can we didn't know that if you're from there, wouldn't you know what Perth said? I'm from Rochester. Well, what's the state is that? I just Rochester USA. Right. Hey, what does that mean? You know, well, these confused. Maybe he's from the American. Maybe he's from Alaska, Obama. WCWM, hello. I don't want to. Hello. Yes, sir. If you're pulled, that airplane has come to the water. How about your friend? You know, that airplane that's not through the water here? What is this man talking about? I don't know. He's talking about your pole man. Yeah. Airplane. Yeah. Didn't you hear the story? He was like about two weeks ago. What sort was that? Airplane in the water? It's just what they're operating on. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't you hear the story? It's just what they're operating on. The airplane that's on the water, man. Go back to that side. Go back to that side. Go back to that side. Right. You tell us what you're doing. I heard the words of the car. There. I thought I was maybe putting them together in the wrong order. No man. That was your plan. We went in the water. Well, that's never been remade. You know, that was, that was pretty scary the first time. Yeah. Dominic, you know, hello. Can you see? Can you see? Can you see? Not lying, yes, sir. Sounds like you got the bird through any computer. Yeah, I got to the birds through the birds in it. You should send the bees from South Africa out there. Somebody QAM, hello. QAM. I want to hear. Speaking. Neil, God. Yes, sir. How are you, Matthew? I'm fine. Back during the hurricane when you were on vacation, I think in Georgia doing the show. You guys did a bit where it was so like a little song and how to be weird. It's something that I'm not so freaking hard. I'm impressed when I was at the train. Oh, what is this? Yeah. Oh. May I please have it again? You can have it again or do I want to hear it again? Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. I could offer only one tip for the future. Back strange. And people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable to my own me and the rean experience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice, criss-dees, and sing feelings by the kernels go sniff crackling up. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much lick a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country at the side of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis. The annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guys hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play a go fetch with a C and I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling. Kill a bees. Kill a bees. Say the word tinny without smiling. Try to figure out who said Paul is yours and star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry hook groceries and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your home with. Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find a secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bath costess and toss them on a lawnmx store. Go on a car trip with Bob Custis and force them to stay in his car seat. Try to dribble Bob Custis. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Their school is on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine go repile and they gave our trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of you in a sense. Understand it. Embrace it. Protect it. And if it's so often, take it out for a nice notch. Karatop's not to care. Oh, well you eat. Act strange. And people will eat you alone. Well, I sure have this laundry in that breakman. I got the poor print out. We got 822 votes but I'm not going to read it because it's Congress. And I say you two are three more stories. Fantastic. But I unplugged it real fast because man, it just just like five minutes of that thing being plugged back in there. That just fills this room with that anxious man. All those chemicals are like fried in the ear and I'm dying over here. Think I got to go into window open and be swimming. Brother. So George says throw it out to window. George also says that he ran to the bathroom because he had to take a do. Might you know something there you go. And that's because God is punishing him for having me turn that Norton and I. And I and I virus that I guarantee that so I had nothing to do with it. But we just live guilt trip. Don't you think sure why not it did not have anything to do with it. I know that. But it sure sounds good. And they try to tell me because I use explorative. That's why this happened. Which by the way, I happen to like Norton. But you know I guess that's. I don't like to fact that he just pop it up on her and bugging me. Like 80 million times will it spread out if it doesn't do I have it. Mine doesn't pop up. Well, mine does. Well, you're a subscription to expire. Well, you know, when you buy new computers already on there. And then you get a free like two or three months. And then they want you to keep, you know, to pay for it. Well, I get it through this mighty fine radio station. What do you mean by that? Norton? Yeah. Yeah, the engineers. The engineers. What? Book me up at the Norton? I got to pay for it. How about how do they do that? What do you mean? How can they, how can they hook it up? I mean, how can they hook it up? I mean, how can they hook it up? Good question. Yeah, thanks. Well, that's because they hit me like poison. Well, guess what? 1157 a Q.A.M. This is Neil Rogers. This is five six nine. Two eight six. This is Mark Morgan. Is the 12 to one hour on Q8. Um. And it's more out of it. With this weekend's moment of. That was it here. The net name. I'll see here. Hence, are essential to a man's attire. Now I got all kinds of things in my tent. They are Martians and they did a big ol' berries. Who knows what I'll find in there? You know, many things have been said about my tent. I may not be wearing any now. But that's only causing a flurry of excitement. They sold them. Who pitball for pets? Fred Moiss? A James Cocole. Tamman? And another thing. Who pitball for hygiene? Is Heather Zeev? On Mr. Whipple. And I think you don't answer that one. And while I'm on the subject of sports. Who pitball for the dolphins offends? Floor more, Rosendoller? Well, Mr. Kittel. Let me give you something else. You're paying for smoke. Who pitball for great, missed, veterans, fray? Or, hey, back at one run, radius? Or, a brave denby. And I, in a way, you could have enjoyed this. I'm the fact that if you're a swel only die, wait, wait, wait, there's no gold. You can't go nowhere, I'm not the- There he goes. He just got chopped. Anyway, the good news is here's one of the great things about having a great memory. Yeah. And I just found my receipt. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I received, and guess what today is, I bought this piece of crap. I mean, this fine piece of merchandise made in Mexico. I don't know, January. No, if I ever twenty two. So that's like, just barely over two months. Right. Yeah. And a power supply fries? Oh, if you would have told me this short-safting off, and be there in my last minute. But we had that discussion, but I could be wrong. I should have everything else off in here, everybody. Pretty much. But computers, I figured you didn't keep on. You've got computers on here, stay on all the time. All things have a lifespan. Yeah. And the more you use it, the more it's on. You have a two month. Two months. It shouldn't. That cheap piece of crap. It should not have a fried. Yeah. But there are little beaners down there. Probably with eating those mochi beans in Mexico somewhere. Or doubt. Oh, my god. Probably kill on a whole bunch of American tourists. Well, in the meantime, there's sticking in a heart. And November 22nd, until January 27th, that is pretty crappy. Now, when I take this in, because I don't have the box. I never keep the box because I'm going to turn off the optimist. Yeah. Well, I mean, if you keep the box, that means you feed you're going to have to take it back. So I never do it. Well, well, I can tell you until you throw the box out of it. Well, I'm already through the box. But do I also have to take that black power supply, Corping with a two or what? No, just take, unplug everything from it. Take the box. Just take the big box. Well, it's not that big of a box thing. Oh, god. Whatever. Whatever. Just like me, Corping with a big box. Just a small little box. The 0.0 sets have showed on over a little. They sent it's top Republican to say that yesterday the force I showed on on some PimCord nominee Sam Alito early next week with the two democratic centers from Massachusetts pushing to block a vote. You go, Kerry. You go, Ted. Send a majority leader, Bill Fist. File the motion to come off the bed on the leader nomination. If he's democratic counterpart, minority leader Harry Reid, more relation to Greg, objected to a move by GOP leaders. This schedule of final vote runs confirmation Monday afternoon. First, Fist motion which requires 60 votes under center rules. Will come up for a voted for 30 Monday afternoon. If successful, senators will then vote on leaders nomination. Love it a clock Tuesday morning with a simple majority of 51 votes need for approval. And then you can kiss all your freedoms goodbye. Bye. Unless you're a rich white guy with a lot of cash. Bye. First move came to Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts with lobbying his democratic colleagues to fill up us to the leader nomination. And up he'll fight given that none of the chambers 55 Republicans have opposed this confirmation. Three Democrats are on market supporting it. Dr. Delitos confirmation will be an ideological cool one. He's Supreme Court Kerry said in the written statement. We can't afford to see the court swing vote. Just as Saturday will kind of replace with a far right idea log like Samuel Lito Kerry said. How do you like that? You know what else he said? What? What? What? How do you like that? The White House expressed confidence that leader supporters had the 60 votes needed to cut off a filibuster. And maneuver a lot of the senators to block a vote by standing debated definitely. Bye-bye. And then they bring in Phil Sims when he gets there. Bye-bye. And then they bring in a rumor. Earlier Thursday said minority whip dick Durbin who is in charge of rounding up his colleagues for Kivo's also played down the possibility of a filibuster that we said notice he's not been made. One of the first responsibilities of someone in Congress is to learn how to count the Illinois Democrats said having made a count I've come to the conclusion it's highly unlikely that a filibuster would succeed. Two Democrats announced Thursday that they would vote for the 55-year-old Lito, Robert Burr to West Virginia, U.L. Turd, and Senator Tim Johnson assault the quota. Oh boy, both represent states that Bush care in the 2004 presidential election. Bobby Burr. What a Turd? In a speech on the Senate floor, Burr the longest serving Democrat in the Senate district in 172 said he refused simply to tow the party line when it comes to Supreme Court Dresses. My consider judgment leads me to believe leader to be an honorable man, a man who loves his country, loves the kind of constitution, loves his swastika, and a man who would give up his best said Burr to faces the election of Republican, we really asked for more. Johnson said that while he was troubled by some of Lito's views, I can't accept an argument that his views are so radical that the Senate is justified in the 90s confirmation. He said he would also oppose any filibuster with an nomination. The White House believes that the leaders of quarters have the 60 votes they need to block any filibuster, but if you put a vote provided that's good, there it goes. So, you're ready to kiss your ass goodbye. That's what they're trying to do over there in Palestine. I thought there wasn't no Palestine. Well, whatever they are, I'll them homeless, so wandering Arabs. There's the Fatak rally. We're going to have this role like Stale Halivat at the Hamas people. And you know what the Hamas people are doing back? Just like that. They're gathering baby a 10-stemonstration in Gaza City, or as they say, Gaza City, Gaza. That's like the Brits in the Accountant's do that in the Aussies. Gaza. Oh, God, I hate that. My name. No, that's old Jews, like Urshimler. My name is Beach, my name is 560560. There's a real nasty looking Palestinian with an oozy man. He can put up with no crap. He's oozing a oozy. I see all of them got oozy. Look at that. Oh, they got some kind of a piece. And pieces not what they want. They're all just a bunch of crazy people. The Arabs, these really just get out of their life. Get out of our face, go away already. And by the way, nice head gear though. Look at that. Is that a mood ring or a shmata? It's a foul. WTF? WTF? Yeah, a nail? And then get up. So when you say raghead? Yes, sir. Yeah, near. You were a bread of art, old doctor. Yeah, yeah. WTF? WTF? Hello? QAM? I'm going to the o. Yes, sir. I don't. Pretty good. So, yes, with this, a little conversation and, you know, the side. The conversation? Yeah. But the side's the media spinning that, you know, the spinning Iran, Iran, and rich uranium, without even bringing up the point that was already discussed. If you remember, the leader that was loaded in and Iran was actually implemented as being involved with the hostage-taking. Yeah, I have just hit an implemented right. Exactly. But what keep doing the whole same thing, dance with enriched uranium, nuclear bonds? I mean, then we can move our troops right across the border from Iraq right into Iran. You're right. And if the Democrats, I mean, this is the final death. If the Democrats don't, I'm not expecting even if they do fill a bus here. I'm not, you know, but if they don't fill a bus there, I mean, that's it. That's their hands are around our throat. That's the best gas. And if people want to do something just like you just read, go to John Kerry's website and sign that online petition, even if it may not, you know, that is something. Go to Kerry John Kerry. I also start practicing making this sound. Why? Why? Like that. I know, you know, I know. He's not, you know, he's not my man, but at least he's doing something right now. Yeah. Please, please, he's doing some political post-reefores now anyway. Thanks a lot. Hey, Neil. Yeah. You're a great president of the dumpsmith for me, man. Okay, no problem. Later. Two guys, two guys, as long as you say goodbye, promise. Thomas, especially when I had fair elections and first they were also a bright know for a talk one and but it would be better to put in everything was fine. And then all of a sudden they thought that they lost, oh, what was us? And it was like a bunch of crap and a bit of beat, but it would put about, yeah, right. Your mama. I think it's almost amusing because quite frankly, who gives it him about them right heads and those, uh, getch keys. The whole thing over there, if the rest of the world would just stop there ain't no oil and as we last time I checked is there? No. No. Out there in the middle of there, a barren desert. So who the hell gives a crap? All the Jews can move to Amsterdam, okay, and open up a whole house or something. Just get out of there already. Stop it, and I put a baloney. It's not even kosher for Christ's six. Five six, well, I got such a headache from inhaling all the trouble. But they'd like die from that. That I can sue here with Packard and all the little Mexicans that made a computer. Two months in my power supply burns out. And that's crap. Yeah, I've been raven about what a great to computer this is and which it is, when it works, but, you know. Now what is that? It could have been faulty from the beginning, which was probably the case with mine. Yeah. So, because I mean, I didn't have mine for a month before I had to replace it. Then how long did it take for them to fix it for six months? Yeah, all right. So, there's something that someone could do in five minutes. And how long did it take? Don't renew joking when you said, I had a friend do it. So it took my week. I gave it to them in a week later. I got a bit of a week. Oh, I don't want to have to hook up the old crappy computer over here. They'll probably take a month. Get out. I don't know. A month? I don't know. It's just like getting your card done. There's how long it actually takes and how long they actually take to do. It's going to get around to do it right in those act like. Potsking around will put it on a shelf with a number on it. We'll get to it as soon as we're done with these five others that are available. Well, your mama, I'll go there and burn their place down. How do you like that? I'll put a French Canadian flag on her store. And then somebody also burn it down. There's a 2 AM. Hello. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. 2 AM. Yeah. I was about a flight. Yeah. 2 AM. 2 AM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing? Pretty good. These people are just lost man. They're like getting my compass in a road map. Still wouldn't help. Yeah. I had a, I'd go or back a few. Whatever it was, it my computer and of course I didn't subscribe to it. So, and about a month, you get all kind of viruses and diseases in my computer and all crash. So I had to reboot my whole system and I called Microsoft to help walk me through it. And it has no virus protection or nothing. So I had to dump everything. And he gave me a website, DSDS dedicated my where, the support or something like that. The DSDS. And it's the Microsoft website that like firewalls, pop up blockers. And it's all free. You don't have to subscribe to nothing and update every time you turn on your computer. And it's been about a year now. And I've never had any pop up. Those fireware and over there's no nothing. And it's pretty great. Much better than that. If you know, there's nobody ever subscribed to it. Every five seconds. You get that little pop up at the moment. Oh, man. I say that, no more than thing. I just about wanted to show this thing out the window. Don't that thing. Throw it right now. And you will. It's like a APG or APN or something on the DSDS website. And it on. And update every time you turn your computer on and log on for a second. Should right off and stays on down at the bottom of the screen. And I've never had a problem. And a macrophies sucks. Okay. Thanks, guys. What was he really trying to tell us? Like if he sucks. Okay. Well, we don't want to give two personal. 12 13 and 5 16. Nobody come. We got the yeldy at the bank. The incident or it's a two o'clock. Can ready for an up big game. We love the Panthers. They blow every game. And we got the mad dog from Hooters and Drow at four. Panthers people with seven of Panthers in the Devils with Gildy and Sili S. Reddy are Randy Mower at 7.30. Followed by the 80 Capron Show. And then over the weekend. Well, hey, resolve yourself. You're a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1 800 mattress right now. Right as I speak, why do you think it aboot it? Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health. You're well-being in productivity than a good night's sleep. And you can get one as soon as tonight from dial a mattress by calling 1 800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging or lumpy. It's time for a brand new one. To us may complete line of sili, sort of. Simmons King Coral, temperate, if students of Panthers foster too. Now the mattress takes same day orders all day long from candle to steward from Palm Beach to Ford Mires. And amazingly enough, they still like you. You put the date and too hard to live everyone to when you want that mattress delivered. Like 11 to 1 noon to 2 1 to 3 2 30 to 0 4 30, etc. And they show up on time 99.7% of the time. I like dialing mattress. I've used them for years and you've got to be crazy to buy yourself a new mattress any other way. Start off the new year right with a great new mattress. Some dialing mattress. Pick up that phone right now and give them a call toll free at 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mattress around the wicked web. It's mattress.com dialing mattress 1 800 MATT-TRES. Vs. Leave off the last one. It's because it stands for Stupendis Saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16 2 8. Oh, right. So glad. All the hard for. Don't go, don't go, every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. Every time it's here, it's here, it's here. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Can love TV. He's president from. Ray public and muscle in our capability. I don't go, I. Ray public wants us to have a nice year. There's room to back the courthairs with president's f***ing. Oh, what I did to the boat once more. And get to with your boat and pull. There you are, there you are best. Don't go, don't go, leave the strunners to TV. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. Even, don't go, don't go. Even, don't go, don't go. Don't go, don't go. He's president from. You're going to go, don't go, don't go. You're going to go, don't go, don't go. You're going to go, don't go, don't go. You're going to go, don't go. We've got a great leader. With president's f***ing. We're going to go, don't go. I see, I just put it on my story here and it didn't print out. Well, I'll be damned. What was it about? Something might be important. Oh, about four people injured on a set of online shillings. All right. It's too late now, though, because I'm not plugging that baby backing. It stinks like at the end of the world here. You're going to see another world that's going to smell like I should do. Like death. I don't think I'm going to call Erica to a clock unless he's got some, because we know what's a problem is, you know. Pretty much. Because I want to run that when you take it back, they'll figure out what it actually is. Oh, it's sad. It's burning up, maybe it's got burning love inside us. Drunk of hunk of love. Well, what else could it be? Nothing there. Josh, there will be this made in other than already, like there's several more stories. And that's the number one priority plus I pretty much pull. We don't have a computer. You won't know if I don't do them. Well, guess what? I do have a backup computer in the minute that I take this one over there. I'll be hooking up the old ones. And I'll know exactly what we have on there or not. So how do you like that, Mr. Smartass? Because I ain't going to wait until later on this evening. So you see? Four warned is for him. There's John Kerry looking scary. Oh, he's not saying we're just playing music. Well, we, you know, that's because everybody in America knows what he said. And Harry Reid just said, we ain't going to be able to block here. It's a done deal. That's what happens when you put a bunch of fascists in the office. So you would it's like the ones that voted for Mel Martinez. You're going to get what you wanted, baby. You're going to get five sheets of a tea stall over again. The skiss your freedoms and your ask goodbye. What movie should never have been we made? Now, maybe Eric in the chat room can, because I don't think he's got any more to, and has nothing to do with warms or viruses or any of the other. That's just a coincidence. It's not just a belief or maggots or maybe just some maggots who are on a run inside could be or a faggot. Psycho 85, Tyler the F-74, where the world's 74. A flat footed time for second place. Pink Panther 70 movies that never should have been remade. Longest yard 61, Baddo's there is 55. Herbie love bug 37, Roarball 33. Will he's wonca 26, oceans 1124, the blob 22. Guess who's come at it in her 20? Miracle on 34th Street 20, Godzilla 19, shaft 17, fight of the fading 17, the mentoring candidates 16. Steppered by 15, a producer's 13, Emilyville Horror 12, super by the dozen 12, a star's born 11, walking tall 10. Nine for the postman always ranked twice Dr. Luton Dullin the time machine man. A for freaky Friday, Dornal of Dead, Mr. Deeds, Meet Joe Black. I'll win a stranger calls. Don't go waste your money on that. I'll set it up for luck. Huh? I said I won't. Please. Seven for La Cajra fall aka the bird cage. God in 60 seconds, the out of town is House of Waffs the fog. Six for vanilla sky, alphi Dracula Cape Fear, four for 12 Angry Men, 12 for 4 Angry Men. Four for an inherit the win three for the attendants, job two for the hills, five for the rise two for assault on freaks 13. Nobody of all of them can get away because I guess nobody seen it. So do you go out of 8, 8, 8, 4. Look at two or 1000 if it's the last thing we do. And you'll let me know when we cause I got my, you know, think unplugged. It's kneel unplugged today. Okay, refreshing. Too bad I don't have that thing about the four people injured on the cast of all my chilins. I guess I'll have to do it again next time. I can go a little bit for it. Huh? I just go on a drug report. That's where the story is. I mean, I'm granted you to on the cut dead, look at on that thing. But yeah, I check all my sources all the way. He's going to the second time I've actually gone there. Really? And the first time I'll be sure to leave you say, you're fair. I don't know who it came from. WQ, a few I am, hello. Two I am, completely weird. Me, you, did you see tobacco here tonight? Did I see one? Supernatural. Yes, I did. That was very chill. It scared me. I'm getting goosebumps. It was chill. I did goosebumps when I see Sam. Yeah. And one other thing. I got a little sound effect for you. Me, my friend, you see, he used this for our won't eat the toucher. Touching ourselves and then he could go in. Five six seven, five six six. Five six six. Pound five six. He's already got it on the, we got a better one on the horizon. And by the way, you're fairie. Let's see. It's been a sound effect. I'm but also after work on that on Sunday. Get these things all straight down in here because we're like there kind of big giggling everything here. Oh, like, oh, now what's that? Where now that come from? Five, six seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, leave Risen, singular wireless line on a singularly screwed up Friday. They're pretty damn good weak. And so naturally you know the end of the week would just have to be stuff all So you know. As soon as I came in here this morning, I told you it's smell like the end of the war like there was something, I don't know. And I'd tell you, like, a miracle, like I had died. Like, chemicals burning in the air, like somebody was going to suck a long thing. And you were in two of the new, you were trying to like give me the old gas like I had died. Exactly. And that's how almost did when I came in. WQAM. Hello. Anyhow, you go, pal. Okay, pal. I got one for you, pal. Yeah. How much did you gain? The new one stinks. No, boy. How much did you gain, pal? Then the one that I don't see if I'm going to conge in. I haven't had one call for anybody who said you're wrong about the constant gardening. It was a sensational moving. Here's the reason why. Don't waste your money. I beg you. I plead with you. Go see a bad remake of some of marginal movies, but please don't go see the constant gardener, right? What's his name again? Time-shendric. Oh, Ray scenes. Ray scenes. So I used to call Ralph Fines, but he may be a rough find's actor, but I got news for his performance. And this is about his dull and his, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Okay. Okay. We'll take your word for it. Steve Martin did the father of the brine? Yeah. And father of the brine part two. Oh no. Oh yeah. Well, Steve Martin, we turn out to be as the anti-crice. We used to like him a little bit. Oh, no. I never like him a whole lot, but he was okay. But now he's just, uh, losing he's becoming the Jim Curie of this decade. We're just getting real tired of his crap. And the fact that he's, we're doing, trying to be inspected to this so, It's just nausea. It's so wrong. Yeah, exactly. Now that isn't that on our list, I'm going there. It is at number four. That's how many votes? Better be. Man, oh man. Peter Sell is just turning over in his grave. He's probably going to send Una Bomba to Steve Martin's house. He learned to love it. Twenty-centreder Jimmy Carter going to be on late edition on Sunday with Wolf Glitzkrieg. OK, and Jimmy doing say him at any bad at Blio. Jimmy, he's running around the world. Save an all these starving people into a wonderful thing. Probably going to go over there and immediately to peace between if a tough and a Hamas when you think he ought to. Right. And his brother, Hisha was a well, we can't say that where he was a peer, wasn't he? He was. He was. Is your wife. No reason. He's kneel-ruggish. This is by sixty two-eight. Yes. I think the stage on New Year's Eve I thought that I might die. And I go, you look the way I save a matter. How I try. It was like she had to watermelon's underneath her dress. She looked like the combination of mistaken and maywastes. Oh, my right arm, you must tell us these. When you let those puppies go do they wind up both on your knees. I'll never forget the time it was 11.35. That's what they were in moment I realized that her boobs were alive. They were Bob and they were jumping, they were big, and to get loose. And I think the only thing bigger on her was her cub boosters. Oh, my right arm, at least you hit the stars. Which is not easy to do when you got too as big as cars. It was like I could touch them because I was watching in HD. If it's like the months off all each other, there is taller's mean. It's a good thing they did not keep you on stage for very long. Otherwise I think we'd have a brand new girlfriend for King Kong. Oh, my right arm, you're bromeless, neat of break. I bet you would not get hurt if you stepped on a garden ray and toss it. Oh, my right arm, what else can we sing? You could make the growth back mountain, how wise wish that they were saved. 33, it's good to take a lot more than that. Lot more. Oh, speaking of that, here's a faceted says. I guess what the good news is. What's the good about really good news? But I mean, I look in my closet and my big closet. Yeah. I got two computers in the near. I'm not even talking about the other one. I got extra keyboards. I got a equipment that has been in a venue here. That's always smart to have. So what I'm going to do is I own hope this one right after the show right at two o'clock straight up. I'm going to hook up the old one. What's the, and now even you would agree I can do that. Oh, yeah, you're probably. Then stick the old keyboard in there. And that'll like send like maybe 80 or 100 stories off the drive for the weekend. And I'll go and take this one back. He deserves it. Yeah. Make up for a coming. Did what time you come in about 12 o'clock? It was an I understand that he had water on the near whatever was or like I had to get his thing drain there and that's what I understand it. Do you rock a leal and huh? That's it. How you doing? Do you know in George I was back in South Florida last week where the great news about mole he sucks. Mole with this stuff. I live in Vegas now. It's a steep from Vegas and don't miss South Florida one bit of script hearing you guys in the hump or in the mad dog the hump or Hey, the mad dog. All right. I question is DJ talk host pastor present worst wig. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, mole cousin Bruce E. Bob Grant or what's that old Jerry Wichner old Jerry right. Thanks, Steve from Vegas. Well, good luck to you Steve in Vegas and how come you are not listening online? Maybe his computer maybe his power supply burned up. That could be. Had to roll. So in other words, the power supplies got really nothing to do with his little up, up, up, square box on the outside. That's it. Power. That's just the adapter right. How about you pardon your power cord your adapter correct your power cord. Don't see don't don't start like complicated. You'll keep it simple for the old man. Keep it a power cord is just the wire and if there's a box hanging out there somewhere that's the adapter. There's a little black box forming a depth or device thing right and that thing is just fine as long. So that thing's not going to screw up by the computer. You can just unplug everything take the case correct. Okay. Did the other computer have its own power cord that you stuck up there somewhere? No. I'll just use that thing. That's what I'm telling. That's what I'll be saying. Here's the article I George just had found for me. For and see this is disappointing. I've something to be with as Susan Lucci. Yeah, to that. Force stunt artists were hurt in a special effects accident. I'm a set of the soap opera all my chilins. The ABC show said today. Unfortunately during a show which included plant special effects for stunt people were injured the show said in the statement. I've expected to make a slippery cover. The accident occurred Tuesday at a studio at 1.6V 6th Street. The daytime show had publicized upcaling Marty Grappasodes that included an explosion at Ross Pine Valley and its residents and four stars were a lot of things. But I was thinking maybe with Susan Lucci and then of course Ricky Carlo said there would be weeping out and no. That was Susan. She's my hero. And her daughter by the way is the one that plays that nasty grin on passions with a big beak. Oh my god. You know that Susan Lucci's daughter, of course you don't watch that. I'm like, so what do you know? Or all my children. And now all of a sudden today on passions you'll notice that there was a yesterday that and you'll see more of it today that Ethan and Gwen are in India. They're on horseback on white horses and all the Indian folks today and say what's that? And who shows up there? Teresa would hear Ashmaka on and oh it's just it's so ridiculous. It's so silly. Oh look at that. There's the Hamas people either are green flags. You want the calico flag instead of these green flags. Really? Yeah. Why is that? Well because that's why the the calico people are pissed off because this is the terrorist party here. No one that's that. No. Why is that? Because nobody's going to deal with them. Yeah. They were on the verge of something over there. People were talking about the verge of what? They were talking which is better than blowing each other. Yeah. And here boy you sure made a big turn. They were on the verge of like, you know, I'm about to think turn. Yeah. A little turn. Remember the big obstacle was why they live in all calico. They're okay. Anybody with a brain get that out of there and the rest of the crazy thing. I want to say that. They're doing. The calico salami sandwich and they can laugh at ball. We're not gonna say this up. Duffles any of some falafel balls. I think like they're not going to get out of there. What? We're not going to get out of there. Because we've got our inch wheel friends. You know what? What the presence of our friends in Israel. Anybody don't accept Israel. Well, you know what? Friends like these. Yeah, who needs enemies? Who needs halifa? Anyway, speaking of Jews. Aaron Brown's all been out of shape. Remember downtown Aaron Brown doing a heck of a job, Aaron. The name of man who's boss once characterized him as ice compared with his success who's fire was anything but Chilean, in passing speech he'd liver to death. He decided the four arts. Isn't that exciting? Throwing. Why me? Winpy with a really bad reddish brown purple hairpiece. Aaron Brown. Truth no longer matters in the context of politics and sadly in the context of cable news said Aaron Brown, who's for your period of psychosemines news night in November. In network executives gave his job to Anderson Pupor and evade the priest to show his ratings closer to Fernrunner Fox news and of course that isn't happening because Anderson Pupor sends everyone to the Pupor. Brown said he tried to give viewers a balanced diet of light and serious news with news night. I always knew when I got to the Brussels sprouts I was on thin icy said the Brussels sprouts. Hey, lad. When news night spent four hours covering the arrest of active Robert Blake for the murder of his wife, Brown received thousands of emails criticizing the mob of time that Joe spent on the story nevertheless. However, that show was aired in April 2002. We see the highest ratings of any program since news nights coverage of the November 2001 crash of a mercenary line slide 587. Television is the most perfect democracy Brown said he sit there with your mode control and vote. Your motclicks to another channel when serious news is. But when immediate coverage of scandal surrounding lazy Peterson, they're runaway bride or Michael Jackson. There are no clicks then he said. And he left out the chick from a rouba. And Terry and her. Soba, with the departure from the screen of the Titans Tom broke off Peter Jennings and Dan Rather who resisted the temptations of the bosses to go for the ratings we have, it'll be years before an acroman or woman will have the talk to fight these battles he said. Brown has spent most of his 30 years. Not 30 minutes. And TV news he's covered everything from the Columbine High School murders to the aftermath of the space shuttle Columbia disaster. And in fact, most of the time Aaron was on the year, was a disaster. The viewers may remember who had best his on the spot coverage of the terrorist attack on the world tradesenter. I don't remember him at all involved in that. Do you? Who? Down town, Aaron Brown, baby. Oh man, I don't want to. Do you want a heck of a job, Brownie? He shocked by how unkind our world has become. He said, email and talk to where you appear to have given people license to say anything. Regardless of how cool or false it may be about his nasty muskett look in her piece. He said to these ample of an email, falling at what he, what the sender consider to be news nice and adequate coverage of an anti-war protest in Washington DC, they're not with a hope that violence visited on the people who are rack will someday be visited on your children. Those on the opposite side of the spectrum are no more tolerant, Brown said, any criticism of the administration's regard is hatred of the president and hatred of the country itself. And but I mean, but I hope, and you're out, you're out, Aaron. Isn't he on Fox now? Where would he, as he appears about him? He sits small, the tape is no, why any, why any, Aaron Brown, why any and boring and pondress kind of like a dandelivester that's singing cowboys got on there. Isn't that the geek cowboy? No fair red co-text. It's really ashamed that my computer has got to be unplugged here because I could be checking on there where all those great comments on the red co-text line. Oh yeah, you'll be to fill you in? No, no, that's why I feel like almost saying to this. Fuck it in and hold it. Fuck it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold it in and hold tokens and give the So I slept out the old computer and I got to sit right down here in the floor just in the right spot. A ride. And during each break I'm making like little bit. I wouldn't be surprised like at about a half an hour I got that whole thing all set up and run away for you. A ride to make sure you're dragging it all in stories that you need. He doesn't need them. Oh yeah, hold bunch. And just to make sure that they go up there like we were earlier. Right. Oh man. This is exciting. He's like, and I sure hope this is the right one. Because there's two computers in my closet there. And I sure hope this is the right one. It's got like all the stuff on it that I want. I like it said this is really making different. No, if it's not just there, grab the other one. Oh, nice. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six in the Verizon singular wireless line on a really screwed up Friday. Man, it's a little hectic here. You know, realize how important that putter is to you until you sit down here and you feel and just start naked. I don't really ban like you're in the dark. How many Q a, M, hello? Q a, M. I, N. Yes, sir. How are I? I got a couple of movies for your role. To make a movie. Yes, I've got all the Halloween movies. I don't know if that was possible. Because he has those are sequels not remakes. It's not the same movie. It's just a different different story. I don't want to have fun with Dick and Jane. What about that? I think we ended that on there. We're supposed to, well, maybe a Josh didn't do it. No, no, we did. We do we? But there's the food is in here. Can I rest out when he's at a mouthful? Man, something just like, duff. What do you eat now? How is? Yes, sir. I know it. I could smell it. Not a little too thick. I'll tell you one good thing. Man, it sure smells a lot better in here right now. Oh, God. You have to use my life's all normal. Although. Here's another like Bernie Gaffers. There's another one for you. It's that spray something about there. Clean up that potty mouth. Yeah, Mr. Clean. Or Mr. Reen. I do use that new orange list. I realize that sounds disgusting. Oh, no, something's not hot. It's not. It's a organic bottle. And it's really good stuff. It's a good one. It's because more used to call me ginger Rogers. And so I figured if I'm dangerous to get ginger by this. That's right. You don't want that. And that's bad for your heart. Do you realize that? I don't want to keep repeating like sending like an old buddy that he liked. I'm proud. You're a man who comes in your heart man is a big correlation between healthy comes and healthy heart. What about your act, um, ah, and the gay man. If you're promising good, you're, uh, as- Act over the damn. I'm telling you, you know, you can laugh all you want. Your gun's take care of them, comes man. Careful with what you put by your guns. That stuff's good too. That's gonna change or eat. I know where you're talking with. Change or eat. Man. Keep your clean. And get away from that ginger. That sounds like I love saying. It is good. Very good. I mean, you know, he's suspicious around in the mouth. you don't want to keep it in there too long because then it starts burn burns man. It's really real. It's heavy duty. We got to get that drought. See when the reason that list of rain horses because you can tell it works because it likes so intense that you know it's killing everything and that's a crying. That's right. And then you know as you little things that are caught around inside your mother. Oh, just give this dial and cry and that's right. And here that sound. I'm dying on the way down to your gullet. W 2 a m. Hello. Hi. Oh, you're sorry. I think I have the wrong number. This is a deficit. Who are you calling Jeff Jeff? Jeff Who? Jeff Riddon? Oh, don't say that. Oh, that was bad. Ha ha ha. Oh, how do you like that? We find the lady of ours a wrong number. That goes to show you about that female audience. So you've got a lot of lady. Yeah, we go to have any women listening to the show or just not respectable enough to listen to the show. Huh? We got to hear Oprah and Oprah's speaking of Oprah. I got that story about that. Jack has James Fry or her. They are both fry. If he asked me and they also that. What's his name is why I've gave to least. By the way, you are a scene him or her. I'm talking to you watching that Larry King thing. He speaks. Oh, I went to the here this. You're gay. Listen. Yeah. Last night, I'm channel serving it's about 11, 11, 15. I just finished getting really depressed watching that awful, awful movie. The, the constant gardener. The incline goes on MSNBC at that hour. I forgot and I watched about four seconds of it. Silly asked Prissy Tucker Carlson. And they're tying, of course, what are they talking about? Oprah, that's all anybody talked about all day yesterday in the show. And he says he says you were over the guest was the talking head analyst. He says, oh, I just watching him. It was talking at Prissy voice and I'm thinking to myself, are you talking about the popcorn and kettle pink? That would be like Anderson Pupor calling somebody. Yeah, you're on the stand? She's just talk about Prissy. I mean, good, Gully. So you try to say the James Fry. Yeah, he had a wife you know, though. She said it at a risk. Oh, and if we're see a hung or self, but then he said it on Oprah. Oh, she just slurred the risks. Yeah, that's the reason. The reason different. When you think that with her billion dollars, she have a research team there working on her so that they don't have some ringer come on. I hope that all the phony book people. Apparently, when it writes a book, it's a pack of lies and pretends it's accurate. Uh, I hope they all go on her show and just destroy her ass. And all those millions of silly ass women. Well, Oprah said it was good. So I'm going to go on by the blood. Well, great. God for big, you should like pay attention to something that means something. Like all these people getting killed in Iraq. We had a story at a website, which Josh may remember if he put it on there, but when and how are the women going to start screaming about the war and all he's not. I saw it. I saw it. You see that story? And I think it's a good point. How come Oprah's not screaming about that or be down or show about all these innocent people that are being butchered over there? I don't know if you've met women, but they tend to be heartless bitches. Really. Yeah. Well, I still want to you've met and you're and the ones that you've met heartless bitches. I see. Except of course for Devon accounting. We love her. Yes, we do. Live. David girl. Oh, WQAM. Hello. QAM. You know, here the sirens are coming to get them. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, for your post. Yes. City of Angels. You know, it's funny. It's funny you mentioned and because yesterday I'm looking for a city of God in my video store. And I did see city of Angels which I never heard before and I guess I was lucky I didn't get it. What was it? It's about an angel that followed and loved with the human. But the way the remake of a German flick wings of the dryer. Okay. City of Angels. We got a pali thanks. Got it? Got it. Got it. Got it. What are you eating? No, that's right. How about that? That would be true. I'll be damned. I can't wait to have me a great dinner at the famous tonight. The famous what? The famous restaurant in the casino. And it's a good place. Got a whole fashion meatloaf, the barley soup. I'm very lovely, barley. And the best part of it's all for free. Nice to get in contact with the casino and you say, oh, it's all the meals and the rooms are for free for a few thousand. I knew you when you lose your ass. They don't cotton in those places too. People are like snorke for free food. For example, it would buy in one time. You know, you can get three meals anytime you want it. Although I wouldn't take a dog either. But there was a whole Chinese couple. I had a man line. I was vacationing my points. I sure wasn't eating there. And the old track. And the woman was bitching them out. She said, listen, you're going to have to start. And unless you play here, you can't keep coming back in, uh, giving these certificates in. And I was just showing up there because they had the players card. I said. And they were eating for free. They weren't gambling at all. They just were snoring there. You know, preloading Canadians. Chinese Canadian. All that man. Oh man. Those Chinese sure like to gamble though. Oh, yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about the old saddle about the old. W 2 a.m. Hello. 2 a.m. Okay. The bog genre. Your fog is got some votes. How many is it got? 108. Fog is got other seven. Only seven. And I'm glad they mentioned that one too. Because I saw that. That's uh, current now that we make. Uh-huh. And I saw that in the store. If I've maybe I should have gotten that instead of the heavy. And also we haven't gotten one call about the constant garner. No. I don't think anybody saw it. Oh, I pray. I pray. Please believe me. I mean, you know, I realized our taste aren't always the same. But the fact that matter is the acting is very dull. It's very British. It's very, uh, of pond risk. It is blowering. Okay. So if you haven't trouble sleeping tonight, this is new Rogers. This is 5. 16. There's something that would happen. Whoa. What? It's going on there. I was on the other side of the thing. I'm putting my computer together. You get panicky. No, I was going to the side of the thing too, Robert. We're heating my sandwich. I might have passed up on the fumes or not. No, I was on the other side of the thing. I reached over and I hit the keyboard and I hit the wrong button. And that bad. No, it's funny. Do it again. No, I like the fact that these all these things are color coded. You know what I mean? Uh-huh. Like pink and green. So you know where to stick them. Right. There's only one place for each other. Look at that thing. And when I hit that thing, yeah, I put it over on the audition line. That'll say hit when that happens. Anyway. Hey, it's Alex. Alex David. Welcome back to the Mohawkad David show. Where we're chuckful or zany, but good clean family one. I'm here and you're dead. I did try to phrase. Do you know that pipe smoking things break this funny? Is that funny? What? What? What? Asms when is gang rape funny? What did you require of me? I require you drive your veins. I'm not seeing it right now. I'm just no fear. Drop off of me. I'm not kidding. You're like a pain. Get your hands up. Get out of there. That's what I'm doing. I'm trying to get some tendons. If somebody want to rape me. Like the sweet thing, it's funny. That's why. What did you have? I had to think I got to watch these eggs. I thought my hands were... When you're some kind of fairy? What do you know about being queer and you're more on? I've been raped enough to know the difference. We're supposed to be talking about sports here. This is sports, maybe you're over here. We love men. Fumptest point on it. I don't care to get paid by the door. I'm going to make something out of this great paper. I understand you. That may be my top whole of the link source. If you're out of my pants. Okay? It's a joke, you moron. Oh no. There's more shit in my pants. Oh! Oh, you say, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. How can I help you? Well, you see what? And yeah, keep getting raped. And get it. Jailu keeps doing right away. Thanks, what? It's about dying. Some blood. And it's about dropping your pants. I said drop your pants. There's some more candle. Give you something to do while you're watching golf. Like good. For the, uh, I've looked within your eye. I like this. Taaargh! It's a noise and the noise and the noise and the noise and the noise and the noise. Oops! And I look where somebody made your dad take your pants on. Now, I'm alive. Oops. You want to walk my show? You'll do as you told. Now get over here. And that's right. Now come in. I get over there. Come in. Come in. Come over. That's there. I'll be here. Oops. Oh, the pizza. No, I did not feel so good. The gold. The meat. Yeah. I'll see here. I ain't go by by blows. Oh, the pizza. I did not feel good. But I only had one slice. Footsteps and clothes and a glass door. See if anybody's inside. Yeah. No. Close it. Close it. Close it. A little close. I keep like that. Oh, my God. I'm not getting free. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Why, I ought to see. Oh, my God. I see. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I got right there. Some were fixed up aside. I'll be no hope, see. I stand before you now. Let me bless you, my son. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. Well, perhaps you'll find your mind. I'm going to die by two to leave. I don't have to look for that. I'm going to let you. Sure, I don't want you to do it with all of me. Keep it down. Oh, he's the fool. I'm going to die. I'll never find me in. What? Oh, my God. Of course it's worth what that I have to live you while I get out. Oh, it's the joy of it. I go home now or go and show. Watch out for Mr. Whipples. Sweet. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Big ball. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And kiss my ass. That's okay. It's 104. I am so excited. I'm going to like pee right on the air. It's here here. Well, just don't get any on the computer. Oh, I've been or not. Guess what? I did during that, during that. Well, and again, we have a little, I was on the other side. I hit the wrong button. Oh, sorry. You put all the female parts into the male parts or the other way around. Yeah. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, I'm this, um, I'm hoping this is going to work now. Because it came on and said, Windows, I'm going to be put a loop in the dog. It sounds like a rave. It's on your search, the best driver for your device but we put a boop huh how come I'm having a go through all of this it's been off a long time I don't know I don't know what you're seeing I'm seeing a green background and says windows driver files search for the device oh it's probably because of you the hardware from the old computer you're plugging hardware from the old computer track into this even older computer yeah so it's just trying to recognize all of the parts yeah which it may or may not oh it won't say that how long one does was able locate a thing for this device yeah I wow screw that just finish as long as the keyboard and mouse and the monitor work that's all you need I beg your pardon keyboard works the mouse works all right but it just keeps saying well I'll touch my wood is very much for at least I got the other one all on plug and unconnected I got the new one in there and the monitor and the uh the hip bone connected to the knee bone and that is so good yeah that is actually says windows has found new hardware is installing it and it just uh that's good what it does but this just keeps going around and looking at a circle I say you know I mean just keeps giving me the same unable to locate a driver for the device I'd be doing it several times for every item it's looking for oh no don't say that wait a minute you're right and there it is there's the this time I mean realize this is not this isn't coming honey radio although the sign of shining it's going to be 43 today that kind of was all been out of shape across the street man this is exciting is is all get out and and you're going to want me to use was little Firefox because you're going to tell me that if I use an internet explorer that the world is going to come to win in well you know that that's you're the one that turned it on there look at that this is the right one this is the right tutor and there is Neil Rogers in my home page in my own page and I can send Josh a thousand stories now that's yummy I'm going to start working on that right now instead of finishing this hour oh man all the way I don't see the poor is all the way that's because it's switched over to Firefox and we have to click that thing on there okay there it is now I don't want to start pat my self on a bag because this is really okay to do this and it's not you deserve it's start pat I'd like to know who else we have on our air staff on his radio station who's going to just perform it in the last 45 minutes seem miraculous astonishing technical feats of yours truly a visual queen start George that's pat and to have said it by this I am my mother we should huh a mighty proud what movie should never have been made although I do want to get rid of that one toolbar on there is one toolbar tool any I don't know what that one is but I sure don't want to see that the search toolbar get the air you go get that baby out of there got my election toolbar how can I have a lexa on Firefox on not on Firefox good there you go what movie should have never been made psycho 90 how many we got 977 it's a good thing I got you know we can push to that thousand psycho 98 war the world's 83 time of the age 79 pink panther 76 the longest year of 60 court and you see now there's no pressure if it takes to the six months to get the other one it's not sure two and a half a five always good to have a back up baby it's just like you know when you've got some hot chick waiting at home and all of a sudden maybe she takes off you know back that that's a year empty out your bank account and takes off and leaves time always good to have some like sweet issue check there to replace the Russian and Natasha that's on sweet issue yeah long as you're at 64 bad news bear 56 has in 256 herbie the love bug 40 roler ball 36 will he walk is got absolutely not really got to have a little off now man this is quite an exercise the black 26 oceans 1125 mircon 3432 guess who's coming in or 20 godzilla 20 after that small potatoes out of 977 what do you got oh man let me scroll down yeah scroll down why you never learn nine so I got 1981 how do you like that anybody go for a thousand like an auction anyway getting back to this offer business which I got to me honestly I don't give a crap about her she makes me want to barff I don't care about this jeans fryfag or whoever the right and an extraordinary reversal of her defensively author who is memoir she can't have all the top of the best solos opera win for a review of James fry author admitted little pieces on her tv show yesterday for lying about his past and portraying the book is a truthful account of his life I feel dupped is when we told Mr. Fry the more important I feel you betrayed millions of readers she ended I said in the stage back in September and I actually you know a lot of questions and what you convey to me I think the millions of people was all that was all true well it wasn't all true and I'm most of it wasn't true and it goes on she chose it as part of her tv book club and at three months after we're more than two million copies were sold making it the fastest selling book in the club's tin your history I think that everybody above that books you take it and stick it right where the moon don't shine over that's right I think it was plenty of room orderly appearing to fight back tears and displaying vivid anger at the author and his publisher nan at least at all it's gates of the world you know gates of the father yeah to least who has an imprint of red and houses double day division this one pre-steered straight a Mr. Fry and asked why would you lie yeah she'll have been writing the face and said what would you lie and he said how about you I made a mistake Mr. Fry replied I didn't need to update tough images of himself as a coping mechanism to help addresses alcohol and drug addiction when I was writing the book he said instead of being in perspective that should have been acclaimed about image it was a stunning bit of drama that had people throughout the publishing industry glued to their tv sets yesterday afternoon and of course on january 11 Mr. Fry appeared on Larry King and did all total lie and overcalled in and the gate to least his wife was on there and all my gosh we're being picked on and but me and turns out uh all a bunch of crap I scroll on Larry as usual and of course we didn't need to book anyway he never does jackass now let me just another reminder come out tomorrow and select the seat tomorrow often stadium ten in the two p.m. you can meet don't travel us between ten and noon he'll be the only more than play your if any I recognize it all didn't they just give it a honest and dollars they did yeah yes well I would have out of the gap prepared but you can meet that trouble is between ten and noon and you can lock in tickets for the foster Medsauce be for individual tickets go on sale I mean we got how many redsauce fans we got into I'm watching and registered with a private luxury sweet for opening day that's Marlon select a seat tomorrow at the office stadium attended to go there and pick your seat now let's see what else can I do on this thing this honest and god this is so exciting although the print is way too big on here I don't want and you know something this is the right computer because it's got all of my things on here all of my children uh yeah huh all your bookmarks and whatnot all my bookmarks all my uh uh URLs ABCs oh you know you are although it doesn't have to mind me here about here probably during the period of time no I've probably censored that out during the time was on the commission don't forget by the way Josh and the next break don't expect no log because I already did that oh you don't have no way of knowing that because George sent me the pages backward a log so brandy's already got done okay you got it got it brandy's already was done look at that there's Yahoo dot com for the crappy email thing oh my god common dreams dot org I can say Josh probably a thousand stories between not even the time I get off the year is a new round this is by 16 2 8 and when other one knows fake rejoins man and who is doing that stuff Tommy be the boss take away his drugs oh That's just been with the growing feet And they've been with the dead bones I get them and throw too That's the needle I give all of them proud This door shunnerless I give all of them space too And they've been with the dead bones And they've been with the dead bones And they've been with the dead bones Okay, it's a one-system That's another fake rejoin Just like the fake ending on it They're trying to get me from all sides today folks I'm trying to do the engineering I'm trying to pretend to show here my lungs are full of that So I got that box all disconnected Now you're coming, it's all you need to take And it's just the plain box Just the box, just the case, the CPU as they call it None of the accutraments, no, great Anyway, here's another fake shunnerless How many is that today? About 30 minutes By the way, I was spying Oh yeah, that's the excuse he was listening to Danny Boy I figured LaVancer would mention you after you ripped his Lounge seeking lover Greg Old Blue Balls Code text Now girlfriend of low up dial Tammy also sits alone By the way, see he always redeems himself For these facts, is this probably somebody we know I'll look at where this comes from What have I been able to witness? I never did look Mounted memories Some of you this would be a little blow up Dall says, by the way he says constant guard Your did suck wasted two hours of my life And I thought I can't get back Very good point, Riley, whoever you are, leave me alone 5, 6, 7 I'm sitting here looking at this thing I'm just amazed to myself This is really simple easy any idiot can do this Pretty much And what I was trying to tell you before Is that everything all the is color coded Right, so now I'll get the board The pink thing goes in the pink hole On the screen thing goes in the green hole Right, and it's set up We got 996 votes there on the pole Speaking of hole And as a result, we'll have a thousand before it can say Hey, Geldia to a clock Do we have a thousand before I set Geldia to a clock? 988 That's pretty great considering Considering more kind of a show this has been When wished this one on Hitler WQIM hello QAM Good afternoon Neil Winner studio I could say the one of the worst movies That should have never been made Was Kevin Coffner's water world Yeah That's good for the polar Was that a secret? Was that a remake? Was that made originally or not? No, that's a... No, no, no, no What does that have to do with our pole? No, they're quite a one-man They were answer the question They were answer the question He's answering a different question What's the all-time worst movie Which we've done that a thousand times? Water world Water world To be a super-war sports like Ricky Martin You never know When is Boca doing that song by the way? When Gold and Shaw? He was wikest Good to you I think he's going to do a whole shower Medley Is it really? All the right song What movie should never have been remade Is the question out? That's another one movie never should have been made That's an excellent idea Which is probably very similar to what's the worst movie All the time Let's have a big hand for a new old-put net thing I'm looking at it, I can't even believe it Of course it's a lot of stuff you're looking at Because this is the first time I used the old I think it is The old computer with a new monitor Am I new nice any sea monitor? Man My flat screen Is it supposed to the old screen? Blow it front before you Great That's enough Rick says this is a different Rick For the poll how about King Kong? We put it on there even though it was great We did put it on there? Which is now? Always just did put it on there Also not all golfers are brain nerds And then he writes So do do do do do do I give a country if you use self-reaching West Palm would have a great life and a great To the time Go lose your balls in the water 560560 560 Verizon singular wireless line Gail the two mad dog from Hudders in D'Avalet Gail the he's going to be at the end of the center So go over there and throw some stale of hockey pucks Adam Pants are preview with seven speaking that Pants are hosting New Jersey Devils in Mark Tambahodurer And all those other frog hits him in 3 tonight Marty Broodurer Which means it probably old doc Emerson Tom How's it going doc A? And then we got AK rhymes with A right after the hockey game WKOM Hello KOM KOM They'd arrange you while tell us story about remember puking in the bucket again Hello Hey Neil This is my name David One movie that you didn't measure was vanishing They remade it with key for changing and see Right good perp Yeah then the idea next thing we've talked about that one before And that they should never have made that one I was a bad mistake I like the first one I can't even remember how it ended The first one was like the French or Dutch chair Or whatever was French or Dutch? French or Dutch? It's a bit moving yeah Well I can't remember how it ended because then you'd screw it over Everybody okay thanks a lot paly vanishing you got it on there Where you are? How could we leave that off because we've talked about it We've talked about it on this summer kind of a pool Vanishing is always on there but maybe a little vanishing cream I do it I think some people are going to be vanishing cream on I think we got our 1,000 votes right now we stopped looking right there We got 1,000,6 by my count on my thing on my pool 1,06 pick up sticks The only thing is the size of the print on this baby is just way too big They're not doing it with that You could just I'll deal with it I can you you've all you guys have instructed me so well Tools is a case of a student passing the teacher by a million miles I got my computer expertise although it's the first time I ever had my thing fried So you know if you ever had your thing fried before you know we don't really have to do all that myself Sometimes the flavor wave the last seven is really good Oh yeah, it's got a special slot in there's matter of fact 5,6,7,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6 I would have been, if I wouldn't have opened a window, I'd be on the floor right now, and it shouldn't make a difference, but you know how people are, don't tell them how people are, don't tell them that you leave it on all of the time, oh, just don't mention that, no, I'm just going to tell him, it's only two months old and here we go, I don't use it all that much, sure, and all right, there you go, and this thing is a piece of crap, I don't want them to give me a new one, no, because I sure don't want to have to reinstall it, oh, no, now I'm trying to think but the reason that I got the new one, Meme, is that this old one was a crash in quite a bit and I used to have to probably unplug the system, oh yeah, plug all your plugs, it's slow, and then it went a so much spiffier and either, when it works, oh no, what's that say on there? Hey, the light is there, oh no, oh it's about to pretty, why don't I know why, because I think I got the wrong, the printer thing plugged in the wrong spot, which is not a big deal, I just popped up on my phone, or because I was screened, oh god, no big walk, WQAM hello, 2AM computer central, Comp USA, oh, hey hello, now good afternoon, and so glad you got the seat city of God, and actually we're in a pain, and things happened to me too, I didn't want to see it, but I ended up seeing it, and right now it was definitely worth watching, it was very good, and again, I'm not going to get carried away, so, yeah, they were right, it's the greatest movie I've ever seen, you know, that's over the top, but it was very good, and it was, it was, it opened up your eyes a little bit, and maybe you want to stay the whole way from real for sure. Well, and by the way speaking of that, on your DVD, did you have a go to special feature section? No, yeah, okay, because on there they have an interview about 15, 20 minutes with the police chief of real-day scenarios, it's fantastic, really. Yeah, well we're seeing, you saw the most lucid, honest guys, I've ever met talking about the police force, and I'm not sure, it was a true story, but I'm just curious, if there actually were real, you know, was there really a little Z, and was there really a band, well that's what you know, made the names up, you know. Yeah, well, actually, some of that is, there's no doubt some of the characters are true, but if you saw the DVD and they had special features, check them out as well. I think it was pretty neat about the kid that I always wanted to be a photographer, and I made a few stories about that. Yeah, and that's a story, right, and then of course they put the pictures by accident, the newspaper, and he freaks out, and that was pretty interesting. So actually, as far as I know, most of the characters there are real, are true, so it is worth saying. Also, two of the movies, one, is train spotting with another movie that I didn't ever want to know. I never wanted to be. I never wanted to be. But when I finally saw it incredibly good filmmaking and interesting stories, that is kind of movie-end, your entertainment. Well, you know, maybe someday when I came back from punching my guts out, maybe someday because I finally came in, I was very adamant, I remember when I said to the guy, I was like, oh, I can see it. I watched it. It was a major long train spotting, and I'll just take a potty break in that one thing. I don't have a just that one thing, but otherwise, it's a best thing you and McGregor probably ever did. One of the best two things. Yeah, I haven't seen right there any other room, but in fact, I got on the team room, because I think this was a long, because most of the time is spent in that, you know. And then I don't. I don't want to push my love, but you wish to live. Ah, I'm here! You guys are brutal. It's such a frustrating thing. You guys are doing it. You guys are doing it. So much with a jubbao to crout. Yeah, we're there. Yeah, we're there. Oh, Neil, if you like this filmmaking, it's one of the best, I mean, it's best thing that's not so perfect. I'm not sure if you can't talk to me. I'm going to make this pledge in the next week, within the next week, by this time next Friday, we'll have watched Shindler's List and Transpotting. So, you know what? I'm sorry. I'm going to tell you, they are two of the greatest movies ever made out of, personally, a son, who can write to your house and pee all over your doorstep. If I hear the tube, sound like the way to your time, I'll make sure I call back in so you can read me an hour. Well, I don't want to hear one thing. It might be a great time card in the wrong year until you've been. Did you see that? No, I did not do a friend. I did not do it. And now you're telling me not to waste my time. I lose. I know it was your time. I think I won't. So, I'll save not only the money out of save the two hours. There you go. Thanks, Kelly. That's it, Neil. The money's not the big deal, but the two hours you can never get back. I could have a watch on this special feature from City of God instead of watching. Oh, constantly. It's a great work. Yeah, it's. Train spotting is a good movie and just find that Schindler's list is great. Oh, it's a great movie. But I already got train spotting. Okay, I understand. I know a lot of my Schindlers list. I'll go in there. I think it's what I'm saying. I wish you a very much like, like, like, recommend for a dream as far as you know, the storyline and what's it about and all this stuff. But Schindler's list is the way to go. See, I think you missed the vote on the election. The Palestinian election. I think it's really ironically sweet that Hamas won the election because here, Bush is feeding the son of the dance about. Oh, we're going to democratize the whole era. I get loaning you are, you know? And this is what's happening everywhere. Yeah, I'll just blow any. I tell you what, let's have some free honest elections in America again before we start worried about all these elections in the A-placer. Let's get away here in the Jews and the Glam. Let's start having some non-regulations in the USA. Now, let's start. We do that Canadian election. Look, bring these people back to their senses. 27 after a while. And I noticed Steven Harper was sucking up to Bush all the time out. He says, hey, don't mess with their Arctic Canadian. Do you see that the other day? Yeah, don't be messing with us on that. Mr. Bush, you're a much or right wing fascist piece of crap. 27 after one, a QA and we got Gueldi stand and by speaking of Bush. The Emerald coast is four to number one Asian gourmet buffet is ready to buy the Gat restaurant review and every Friday through Sunday night like this weekend. You can do it a lot of stuff. Featuring delicious, succulent main lobster served thermator style. And every night at the Emerald coast is crab fish with less than snow crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and incredible sushi bar with over third of the man. Look at items. Look in back at you. The Emerald coast also serves New York State's juicy and delicious cooked to your order in handcar primary and is in other delicious fresh goodies too. And on the weekends for dessert, try to save a little room. Take a shoehorn with your crowbar and make room for the fantastic famous 40 inch chocolate fountain of the Emerald coast. You can hand it if your own strawberry is marshmallow's other that can treat. In fact, you can hand it if your own or maybe somebody else is. January 27 to February 5th, that's today to the fifth come celebrate the Chinese New Year. Will the Emerald coast featuring roast duck crispy chicken and sweet and sour fish? And roasted succulent pig every night. The Emerald coast has got three convenient locations to serve you there in sunrise, sunny Aus Beach in Pembro Pines. Reservations are suggested. For a real pig outman, a feast that will put a big smile on your post called 954-572-3822 For the World Famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is Neil Rodgers. This is 560A. Why do you breastfeed? I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. I'm not a pig. There's a song you're using this in the evening. He's got something that is pointed at me. His endo is he's tendo. He's tendo. He's tendo. He's tendo on his fore clay. He's tendo. His tendo is tarafist. His tendo is 1947-41 bore. I get sad. And I'm not sad. And I'm not sad. The god's spirit is like a war zone. All we've got is some sins and some souls. He's got the duty, get the duty, get the duty. And all the glory, get the duty, get the duty. And all the glory, get the duty, get the duty. And all the glory, get the duty, get the duty. We bet our own before issues and thoughts. And all the glory, get the duty, get the duty, get the duty. That's so just God. It's that duty and I might get chit. It's that duty that's so just God. And all the glory, get the duty and I might get chit. Very John Kerry who says, And we want to take a listen now to some take that we got just a little bit earlier today to give you. And we're going to have to listen to the Senator Jeff Sessions report. Get out in here. Yeah, John Kerry said about 15 words. Now we want to put on some Republican jackets for about half an hour on CNN. You're certainly not seeing that work. Up your as Jeff, go back to Alabama with a band to want it. You're good buddy Doug Thompson in the ran. And by the way, my printer ain't printing right now. But that's probably because I switched the thing on air. But probably because I got to like reinstall or something. Right. Or a lot of it too. He still got the disc that came with the printer. Oh, geez. Yeah, I'm sure I do. I do that. I do that. Just throw the disc in there. It'll probably, you know, fire itself up and then you just got to keep hitting next. I see. Well, I'll do that in two a class. For me, I'll do it right now. Let you finish. All right. Doug Thompson, the ran at capitalillblude.com. A two in present days are to America Rice. George W. Bush, the out of controlled desperate who thinks the presidency of the United States is a licensed to lie and will wage war on a women break the law without recrimination. Put on his I am in charge of age yesterday. And for all practical purposes, so what any one of the things his power should be seventy to be fewer oversight to go screw themselves. First, he'll report is that he'll assert his presidential for negatives any day when he pleases and will do so without apology without question without concern for the law the Constitution or the rights of Americans. His press conference was a frightening study of a madman on a tear and in same power man tyrant who believes he's above the law and can't be questioned. Sadly, it appears that nobody's got the balls to question his lunacy. I'm going to continue everything within my authority to protect the American people Bushville reporters that's Bush speak for I'm in charge here you dumb pups and the rate of damn thing you can do about it. We'll continue our terrorist surveillance program against del Qaeda. Congress must reauthorize the Patriot acts so that our law enforcement and intelligence and Homeland Security officers have the tools they need to route the terrorist. Terrorists who can be planning and plotting within our borders he said. Translation, I'll spy on Americans and I'll use the Constitution to wipe my ass with and I'll declare martial law and run this company like the dictator where I once would just be. On his illegal actions authorized the national security agencies spy on Americans Bush said if they attempt to write law, it's likely to expose the nature of the program I'll resist it. What he's saying is I'm above the law damn it and I'll fight every attempt to make me obey the law. On the Iraq War Bush declare there's an act passed by Congress in 2001 which said that I must have the part to conduct this for using the incidents of war. In other words we believe there's a constitutional power granted to presidents as law as in this case a statute to our power. And I'm intending to use that power Congress has go ahead and conduct the war we're not going to take out of doing it. I worked on Capitol Hill for a number of years Doug Thompson says in more than my sure legislation I know I think or two about how the government designed to work and the checks and bounces that are supposed to be built in the system. I've also read what Congress passed and nothing in the act or the Constitution gives Bush the authority he claims of the power he abuses he's not just the liar he's a G-dand liar. I like that G-d. Uh oh. And so I can't say that. God. The arrogant surface of his teeth as he faced the press his eyes started from side to side blinking rapidly a textbook example of a maniac on the loose. Oh yeah. His temper threatened to wrap more than once because a couple of reporters actually had the gall to question his motives. After too many years watching this man destroy once was a great nation I can only conclude that Bush is insane and his insanity is protected by a brain dead populist and a power man political party that can't possibly accept a sad fact that they help put a madman in charge of a government that helped keep him there. I believe with all my soul that George W. W. W. W. W. Republicans who rubber stamp his actions represent a clear and present danger of the peace and security of the West and almost be removed from office immediately if this nation is to survive. And those are words I never ever thought I'd write about a person or rather elected officials of this country and I wish with all my heart I didn't have to write them now. But those who love this country and put patriotism of what politics must act a American that wishes to remain a mercum muster with the cancer that threatens to destroy it. How do you like that? So there's a road. And time you got to cancel your image. You're going to get rid of it. You go dog. I told you he's good. And he said it's a crappy website. I'm sorry. John, somebody always said yeah that was it. See, Dr. Scott 10 last stories for this weekend. City, hey, you're like poison. Yeah, 15 less. Not that you have to suck up his mad dog would say but never less. I can't hurt. If you don't rock it does. We got a thousand and 42 votes on and now this is the pull for the weekend. I don't know. I mean, maybe Sunday I'll like sneak an extra win in their eyes. We'll see how it goes. And I forget George you're doing the stories tomorrow for Sunday. I don't know if it's Sunday. Got it. Oh, and then this thing about the printer but a beep but a book make sure it's Turned on and I'm lying. Oh, you had a line in here about it. Somebody who I am. Hello. Oh, see that won't work. It won't work. It's like you're rid of that. Get out of here. Go away. Now it should work. And it won't. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Go to the papa. Somebody's in the papa. Oh, yeah. What? What? What? What? WQAM. Hello. Turned on and on. QAM. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. That press conference. It's out. I was sick off work yesterday. Okay. Normally I listen to you because I actually can, you know, listen to the whole show on the rough. You know, I happen to make the mistake of watching that. Jack. Oh, man. I like a stomach. My TV's already started automatic pilot when he comes on in my end. The living room. My TV goes to the television. I just wish I could do a thing. I was like, I had like a stomach. You know, now it's on a verge of rouns and anyway then. And then he actually put the right over the edge. It whips the worst thing I've ever seen. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Thank you. Hello. This thing is on really slow cook today for some reason. I've hidden the button and now there's nothing. Why is that there? Do I am? Hello. Neil. If you're going to jump to listen to the great cook tips on the web site. Are you speaking to the thing in the holes in that phone or are you like stating the way, sir? You get a chance to read the article on the red grid cook tips on the web site. I'm about to watch the web as I would probably understand what's that, Reverend I think it's a good idea. I've heard you seven ninety. You've got on the map. Yeah, okay. Seven ninety with a bad phone. You can use all the phone. You can use all the phone. The access to the web site. But you're still sound like you're. To me. Come in as a bunk bud buddy. I wonder how many times they stop. We're back. But third and the most of this is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. Two. Eight. The only thing I know it comes on the manual chocolate trade. This will be chocolate. For instance peanut butter cos. How did you make chocolate? Each of those wishes for another dark chocolate. They do chocolate, sir. I'm in a super normal peanut butter. And because it's Ray Megyn's racist peanut butter cos all of peanut butter is been moved off, and replaced with chocolate. That's exactly what I was talking about. Just the Ray Gauden Ticket. It's the Ray Gauden't. and make sure to try the delicious little chocolate drink. Make them squirch. You mix it with white milk and it becomes a delicious drink. And for chocolate, you're not trying to try or eat some pieces. You can't have chocolate in a while away. Yeah, okay, whatever you see. It's a 145 and 560WM. Five arrested in dog pig fighting. But the men have been charged with staging fights between dogs and pigs that are seven over a salvation. I'd like that. Most people have heard of confiding dog fighting in bull fighting, and now more bull. Another actually in the illegal world of black sports apparently has come to South Central Florida, Tom Dog fighting. Cut dog. Its pit bulls or bulldogs against wild boars. Or maybe dental bansie is in their speaking of boars. And whether it's a teeth versus tusk blood band, seldom depicts every defeat of dogs. But then there's no several other crimes he meant for most of the young that no dog versus pig wasly. Several young generation of your okobie. See that's what most of Florida's really all about. That's why you haven't got a Chinaman stance in a, he gives him restaurant. Because that's what most of Florida is. It's Yahooville, baby. Bible thumb and radenax. A heel. Like your fine ass governor. It took 14 months for him Tuesday the one arm of law finally caught up with him sending five to the Hushkao. Or is that the Hong Kong. The pig. All leaders of the National Hongdog fighting group. Oh, leaders of the National. This is always the good. It's Christian wrestling. The National Hongdog fighting group. It's a little known bud sports that's been around for 25 years. Mostly practiced in South Carolina. Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Texas and Florida, quite a John Goodwin. That the manager of animal fighting issues for the human society of USA. Let me say those states again. South Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Texas and Florida. And you wonder why he can't be nothing done. That makes any sense in Florida. Why you got a bunch of mug one politicians. One of the key arrest was that of art parker of Fort Lawn, South Carolina. President of the International Cat's Dog Association, which votes its own website, dixiewarddogs.com. How pride. Dixiewarddogs. Law enforcement authorities have been after him for a long time, said Goodwin, who hopes to suppress, will put it into the organization. Other keymen arrested were done Matthews before it appears. Horhe and Ariel D. As of homestead. And Rick Cresley of Albertis, Pennsylvania. Arrest were on to connection with the event where she could in South Carolina and Pennsylvania through the Glades County State of turn, the office of Seminole Police said, the dogfight took place October 9, 2004 in the backyard of the home. On by a Seminole Indian at the Reservation Authority, said, how do you like that? Oh my god, by a Seminole Indian. Togdog, specifically, match a pit bull tear, or a bulldog against a wild boar and rectangular. I want to say the way to get rid of them pit bulls, you know. And a rectangular 25 by 25 outdoor ring, bond my wooden post for a 60 second bout. The omniscient see how fast it all can catch the pig as it runs for its life. The dog has to take by clamping its jaws against its south-ears or testicles. The animals are then part of the middle bar. The picture is five. It's returned to the ring for another fight. The pig collapses. It's just left there to die. Oh, they're going to take a picture. I'm going to have me a brought where still us, there's an out of protest. I'm going to have a hot dog. The three dogs with the best times have declared the winners winners with their owners. In this case, putting your cash full of about 10 grand. Hogdog fighting is a violation of animal cruelty, laws illegal in the USA. In Florida say 30 refellany, punishable by up to five years in jail in a $5,000 fine. Being a spectator, the legal sport is also a crotting and misdemeanor. Punishable up to a year in jail in a fine. We received a tip back then that a hogdog fight was going to take place at some of the police department's detective Steve Lopez, who's the department contact authorities from the Department of Agriculture. I'm a carburegant videotape to fight some participants and the spectators, 21 dogs who are under the least 14 wild boys participated. 14 wild boys and that's, I thought they were only nine on that pool. I must love the part time or soft. Yeah, on the ticket. Left them off the ticket. Oh, I did hear this. You're going to want to go back to school again. Showing the R-rated movie, the 40-year-old version, during high school Spanish class this weekend, Lexington Kentucky, resulted in suspension for the teacher. Fernando Delpino was suspended with pay-throughs. They were sure when the movie of students at Lexington's Tate's Creek High School of the day earlier said Lisa Defendall, school similar to the Fayette County Public Schools he resigned yesterday. Delpino, who was hired in August, said he decided to show the film after a student brought it to class and said it was very funny. The movie is about a 40-year-old single man. Why did you see that the 40-year-old version? No, I didn't. The movie is about a bad guarantee as better than the constant gardener. It's about a 40-year-old single man who's friends try to help him gain experience in sex. Our rated movies are not to be shown to anyone younger than 17 without parent or guardian. The movie was rated R for a pervasive explosive and crude, sexual content and drug use. Parents of Tate's Creek students must get Britain permission for the children to watch in our rated movie at school according to the school's video policy. Students who's parents are directly must be given alternative assignments like watching a LASI come home or snow white and seven dwarfs or some other widow dwarf old-yellow. The policy also states the video movies must be part of the lesson plan with genuine and structured objectives. So in other words, if they would have had like 40-year-old virgin in S.B. Newell, I would have been okay. Could have been a percentage plan. The final said the investigation was initiated because it appeared that Tate's Creek policy was not followed. These suspension letters was issued Tuesday the same day, the complaint was reported. The 40-year-old was... And my so-called delivery to the same again, and they've been polluted and perverted and severed and severed and severed. And I just read a thing which I was trying to put it down and I have to like install that thing and the hookares about the serious radio and not to and also great. That's bad, isn't it? It's a dead serious. And about how they took a poll and like 60% of the people said that they wouldn't subscribe to our subscription radio if you gave them like 14 chocolate bananas, will eat your subscription. And you like that? Did you eat what a shot? Chocolate. How many hosts we got in the poll? We can make like 3,000 by the weekend. Like I said about 2300. A thousand and 61. By the way, fun with Dick and James got none. Father, the bride's got none. Then we have two calls fun with the Dick and James like we've done so far. Well, we're going to go slow. So let me say it again, do not. And here we are. It's almost time to go and we have an at one call for anybody who even liked even a little bit to Constantine Gardner. Or I thought it was about high in Maryland Gardner myself. This is New Rogerace. This is 516A. You did a lot of it. All right. The Rogers are sports all ready. You don't W to A. I am a data zoos at the fish. Boy. Blast. Blast. I am a data zoos at the fish. Blast. Blast. Blast. What does sport horse do? Bull, bull, bull, bull. Gloria the cowardly boob. Perhaps a minute we need to. No consequence at all. Let a joke come for love or both. Miami data zoos at the fish. Blast. What? What? Miami data zoos at the fish. Blast. Why? Why the bad to told you one. In your over-depth, better swap. That's a magic way, better go. You play the bad as good as this song. Miami data zoos at the fish. Why? Why? Miami data zoos at the fish. Why? Why? Miami data zoos at the fish. Why? Why? Miami data zoos at the fish. Why? Try to assess if it's time to mention it. Be sure to come out to the Amarlins select to see tomorrow. Because who knows how much longer you'll be able to pick your seat, right? That's right. Can't stop me. There you go. Select to see 10 to 2 to mark 10 in the Amville 2PM. You can meet Don Travellers and say, hey, why don't I get on a real team, Don Traveller? Between 10 and noon and then you can lock in tickets for the Red Saxon for individual tickets go on. So, by the way, speed of the Don Traveller will us. Of course it's not baseball season now. And I guess it also depends on who we've got to be doing 2 to 4, right? Because we haven't learned the spell with Don Traveller between like 3 to 3 to 3 or something when Mo was on during baseball season. Yes, we did. Well, I guarantee that whoever's going to be on there, like Mad Dog from 2 to 6, or maybe Curtis 2 to 4 whatever. Anyway, you can lock in tickets for the Red Saxon before individual tickets go on. Say, if you're up with your pick your seat tomorrow, plus you can register when a private luxury suite for opening day that's Marlon Select to see tomorrow at Dawkins Stadium 10 in the Amville 2PM. And since we're not on the Marlon, we're going to be between 10 and 2, right? Right. Go out there and do it. Now here, I'm going to read it off because I can't print out yet. Are you sure I got to put that disc in? I don't think so. It's already been installed in this computer. Shouldn't have to, but it wants to. How do you know that? Does it need to keep asking for it, trying to install it? No. No. Doesn't ask for anything? Well, then don't. But it ain't printin' though. Well, then let's not go back and do this again. Can I just read the thing I'll finger without. Let this far. You can be damn sure I'll get that thing all straight. What about just keep restarting it? We're starting what? The computer while everything's. Ah, geez. Satellite radio and Stearns moved to Syria. Don't test well in New Study by Roper Omnitail. How do you like that? And that disappointing. Oh, geez. What are we going to do? 69% I gave you a wrong number before. 69% of the over a thousand rebondons said they're not at all likely to consider buying a satellite radio service. American Media Services Commission is studied. And as President and CEO Ed Seeger says, we have long suspected that all the national media and prison Stearn and satellite radio doesn't really reflect what's going on with the American consumer. There's also encouraging news about local radio in the study. How do you like that? I'm also called terrestrial old fashioned radio. Well, guess what? Yamama. So socks and hell. How do you like them, apples? What will we should never have been remade those sequels mostly suck? Didn't we have one that was like a good sequel? Somebody mentioned the other thing. The thing was a good sequel. And it was a King Kong. Cycle 103, war the world's 93, part of the age 85, Pink Panther 82, the longest year at 69, the bad news varies 62. Herbie, the love bug 42. May that's what kind of my computer the love bug. Roar ball 39, Willie Walker and then 38. And then the blob is got third man. That's all potatoes after that. The only is coming up next from the hit the center because the Panther is hosting the New Jersey Devils and Marty Broder. The Devils are as hot as a pistola. And we got mad dog at four of the Sampton. Bye bye.