Heels up next, thanks for listening. The beauty cracker, the beauty program. I think it's a matter of how many of you are. You know what's like those, that would be a big blast group. It's fast, appetite. At a bargelle, they kick some ass baby. The biggest name, the best talent this is 42560. W.U.U.A.M. Miami 4th, Florida, take home. Yeah, yeah. Oh god. I have a dream. A dream that one day, there shall be a failing reality show called survival. And to save the show, they shall take little white children, and little black children, and little Asian children, and little Hispanic children, and cigarette bound from one another a gravity. I have a dream that these children will one day live on an island where they will not be judged by the colour of their skin, but by the ability to eat a don't beetle with a vomiting I have a dream. And when this happens, black sunquites, Hispanics and Asians will join, hands and sing in the words of Jeff Proves. The time has spoken, the time has spoken. Like the rain, the time has spoken. And someone is also here to write the best way to show that you're not violent, and that there are four crampas to go out and kill some people. That's it, right? See how raw you are? If some silly old dozeny address gets up there and starts making quotations about killing it by with a sword and all of a other craft. And just go out and prove that he's wrong. Kill some people. That's right. Law of a bunch of churches. Maybe in none. She was, she was forgiving her soldiers. By the way, as she died, did you read that? No, I didn't. You said, oh, we understand why you people have to kill some people, right? See, this is, it's all sick, man. It's all hate. It's all hate. And by the way, we got 984 votes on the full. All right. Our goal is a thousand during the show, then I'm going back to bed. I think it's because you put that S word on there. Man, there is nothing worse than, oh, well, I won't say nothing worse. There are a lot of worse things, but when you have that 24 hour flu, well, I guess the other thing worse than that is like a two week flu. Yeah. The big way, man, you never know. And your head feels like it's so achy, but it feels like an achy breaky. You know, like if you just move it a little bit, it's going to explode. And you have the chills in the fever. Oh, now, what's a 101? I mean, 98.6, I know it's normal, but it's 101. That's not good. Not good. Well, that's what I had on whatever day it was. Yesterday, two nights and no, no, I'd be four. And then I just laid out yesterday, so that's where it goes. I want to apologize by the way, Joel, fine, bird. I know you found that bird strange. No, really, you know where I'm going. That I said, I said, I said, I'm going to say that that's just a hand, but to anybody else in this business that I've ever criticized and self-loat. And I said this before. And oh, 97. We'll make that thousand before when I refresh it the next time. I'll have a thousand votes. I look back to bed. Oh, oh, oh. The idea that anybody on this station would criticize any other radio station. Forget about self-loat in the world is so ludicrous, so laughable. But it's just pathetic. We are Schlock. You know, if they would allow that many callators, WSHL, OXCK, or just, I don't know, radio Schlock. We ought to have a big billboard campaign. All we're done is Shalayla probably be pissed off about it. She don't like them balls. Well, you know, bull dikes don't like balls. I'm sorry, Donna. But anyway, I saw on TV that I've done, Shalayla. I said that by self-ethcite, bitch. From you, women. Don't forget, by the way, speaking to you, a nice job on Saturday. All right. That must be whether all the press, huh? Let's be. Are we cursed down here? First of all, he occasions in the dolphins just stick the joint out? Stink the joint out against the bills. Oh, my God. We're cursed. Nine? What? I think we're cursed to QAM because we have a new regime man. These people, they're not to make you pissed off enough to go out and kill some people. That's right. I was going to go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out. That was in five votes and the phone is ringing all kinds of stuff going on. This new regime, we not. They would know already, if you stuck on Jaggi. Remember, they, they, they, you seem to produce the old. We had, we had our filco, like a floor, floor model, filco. They white thing. They look like a piece of furniture. Right. You could stick one of those up there collective ass. They still wouldn't know anything about radio. It's just amazing to me. Okay, said, these people make me want to go in kill some people. Even though I don't care, like you said, I mean, they don't care. It's obvious. So why don't we care? We just don't care. And this sales guy, his, his concept, it's like, sure, it's a numbers. Let's just splatter a bunch of crap on the log. Man, let's throw 7,000 spots in dollar a hour. Anybody want to spy a spot for a dollar? No. 50 cent. What about that? How about 30 minutes in? Anybody want to buy some spots? I'm going to tell this story because it just, even though it's a personal thing in the audience, it's really clear about this. But after all, complaining and bitching and money, and rightfully so, for all these years, oh, we're going to actually go on a higher copy person now. Do they really have such a person who's actually there when they're like, I'm not him. Him, him. So there's a guy in that building who's supposed to be writing copy, y'all something. I made this come in there one of these days and kill some people. That's right. Including starting with him. Whoever that is, we'll give you a ticket. I got a piece of copy here for an account that's been out with me for about 75 years, which believe me, we have very few of kinds of less thanks to this current regime. But anyway, and what they did is they took effect. It's still got Troy Stratford's name on her who hasn't been selling for us for weeks now. And everything that they took a copy that was May 1st of this year. And they crossed out to date, they magic marker down, they wrote on their 915. And he made exactly the same piece of turn. Obviously, that's not something that copyrighted, I did. No, of course, we can't tell you who did it. And because we don't know who there's nobody's name on here, watch these, we're responsible for this piece of turn, like I said. It's just, it's got nothing to do with businessmen. These people don't want to do business. They want to do monkey business. I get an email yesterday from Joe Bell about, oh, Mr. One year today, and sure hope this find you're feeling better. You know, that's all well and good, but rather than massaging in this shooting, I'd much rather have to get something done, you know? I keep coming here this morning and again, now we didn't have any volume. I know we had a Marlon game, but there was like no, no, this was yesterday, this was over the week. Oh, after the weekend, of course. But you got to understand, we had Marlon's games, we had the hurricane game, and we had the dolphin, the real pre-game, and we'll post game, and the real foreplay, and the real, uh, we picked Jar Vaseline, the line. Right, I'm sure of that. You know how to do that, but that's what I go. You're a parents and the clients and the creeper, we're like, all fours when you came in. They used all my paper tells that they, at least could hold a minute. But they are vastly in enters, but they're using them, but just a paper towel. So they used ones in the garbage, would you please? Yeah. We're like somebody, we're out of one, see it. Yeah. By 2017 vote, some go back to bed, especially after parents coming in and do not come in there again, Dumbled. I keep telling you, please do not come in there. I'll do it to get me aggravated. I just hear his voice, and I do get so agitated. But I hear doing a hell of a job, Joe, you and your partner and crime there, and a Chris from sales that Yahoo, he brought in there to handle the sale. There, see what they did is they boost the building up. Guy had no idea why, because they splattered a whole bunch of, you know, 15s and 30s and 80-billion units on the log. And we're supposed to say, hey, heck of a job, guys, you made budget. Well, that's what it's all about. Yeah. We don't care about life pretending to be a radio station. We don't even have a license to on a hell can we? Anyway, I want to spend more than two to three hours on it. Who the hell is James Franco? All of it at E-Billy's and pictures? And now that's so, sounds so gay. Yeah, gay, gay, man. Go ahead. All right, well, now he looks like my kind of guy, you know? I'm sure he doesn't think so, but he looks like he was on the scene in this morning. For this year, what's the number? Yeah, that's true. What's the movie he's in? Fly boys. Oh, that sounds like my kind of people. That's what you said. Yeah. Anyway, James Franco, he looks like he could play a mirely in my team. And anyway, the paper is one, but that's, you know, I always tell you they have difficulty closing the deal. They always tell you, you know, play great for a long pain. And even games when they're like, question the competition. They like to let them back in for a little excitement factor. Just for aggravation. Pants are open to exhibitionist season. They lost to the one in top, we're Tuesday got hitting the head. All right. Well, the syrup, Todd, you butcher, you lunatic. Anyway, let's get down of the show. Okay, and put your bitch in. It's not going to change. They don't care. They do not care. I've already shut off the phone thing. If you think I'm taking any calls today, you're dreaming. Ever had something by Johnny Burnett, Dreamin? All but I could boot that up. No, no. He also did it to steam. Not the one that we got that we can't play anymore. Of course, we can't play much of anything. We've got to continue tying our hands behind our backs. There you go. Johnny Burnett. Okay. There's a lot of stuff on the screen. That's about enough of that. Dreamin's Johnny Burnett. Could he go out of his room? No. Go out about it. Eight people look down to sound. Eight people are out. That's fair, Johnny. I am always dreaming. It's like that sound. It's 16 was a good sound too. Am I dreaming myself or did Ringo Star rip off that and redo it? I think he did. Considering how great they were, I suppose to be in John and Paul were at once upon a time when John was still alive and Paul was before he became a serial man. You know, they were some great music, etc. But they also did some real crap. No, you wouldn't expect any great music from Ringo anyway. No, he was a nice guy. Your version did some good stuff. Yes, he did. I'm sure it's Harrison. He's still dead though. Spick. Man. You're on fire. Oh, we didn't go kill him. I'll come here tonight. See this proves that there's no God. John is dead and Ringo is still alive. I rest my case. There's anything else we need to know. By the way, Miguel is with us today. He's having one hell of an issue with that fetish plays you were talking about. Oh, not ever go there again. Ever. And you know how much our last fetics. And we know it's not. You're a great that it's not. It's those people that work in that place. Yeah. Oh, wait a minute. There actually isn't other spot here that I missed because the log is all written over and everything. Look at that in the first break. Oh, I listen. I almost missed it and I can't afford to be missing out. And he says there's nothing on the log anymore. No, seriously. Duff would have a never spiked out. She'd be going to a sniff. You're fair. I want pep to happen. We seem to be having some log issue. That's because they heard like a lot of whole. They just came in and they like fired everybody in. I want pep to happen. I want. We seem to be having some log issue. That's because they heard like a lot of whole. They just came in and they like fired everybody in. I don't know how much to do people. I've never owned a radio. And of course sales department, remember what you were telling me. We've got 800 people back there. I'll jammed in that you wouldn't believe it. We need to build like a quads. Wow. Next to the built-in. Fantastic. And they're doing a hell of a job. Not. 12 minutes past 10 at 5, 60 WQM. I feel better though. We finally got over my very current headache there. That Josh threw it over again. Do not come in there. Clarence do not come in there unless you want me to go back to bed. George is on fire anyway. He's doing it. Let's do it. I'll just tell you your music. I will go sterling. I don't get to. We got to power anyway. He's doing it. Let's do it. Just tell your music. Tell your ego sterling. I don't get to. We got to power out with Hank in a man dog for to five. The hump or buy himself is got an hour and 35 in the assignment before the marlins. Marlins are done by the way. But you know something. Nobody should feel bad about that. They shouldn't be ripped. They made a hell of a run. Right? Right. No. I'm talking to Miguel. No seriously. They gave it a hell of a shot. They shouldn't be with you right now. Right. Well, I don't know what that means. They weren't expecting to be there. Exactly. They were like 20 games under 500. They're the first team in the hour rights mac and a middle of hurricane season. Well, the hurricane shut about the manufacturers easy to use a courtyam shutters. Now they provide us with installation for you too. What's not to like? Call them at 9.54. 2.37. 7.83. They feature roll downs. The courtyams and panels. Just let the hurricane shut about. Let them test to make a even install shutters for you. Call right now. 9.54. 7. 2.37. 2.37. 8. 3. You get on your way to tab nice protection. The hurricane shut around. Let their family own an operated. They've been around a long time. Their license and shirt and date grow at in Palm Beach County's approved. They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut your specs and ready for pickup or a double-limit to the an even install. Like I said. The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted. Tell that neals in July. And they'll give you a hundred bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet. The hurricane shut around. Whatever you do, don't leave yourself unprepared for another big blow. Call it 9.54. 2.37. 7.83. Or on the Wicked Web just log on to. Hurricane Shutter Outlet.com. 5. 6. 6. 6. 4. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 2. 12. 8. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. He didn't have a confession. 8. 6. 9. 9. 7. 7. 7. 15. I have 60 WM during the next break. I'm going downstairs. I got my shoes on my clothes to you Wanted to know why why something show up to I got two FedEx sandwiches done in all might be a chicken I said the other one might be it's for me. I don't know I'm gonna find out when I'd be something so how how does that job would affect it? Somebody said that went out this morning. Yeah, they lie Those fakers and that you think when your friends at can't go it might have been I love can't close myself personal Now you have particular one though. You know it looks like a pretty slick operation when I went in there The package, you know there are a lot going on and I've seen some things that look pretty slick And then once you get the close Oh, forget it just get a wiff, you know. Oh, I don't think so. I was named Franco probably smells pretty good Let's see we got a thousand sixty four volts on today's pool. Well, I'm pretty Depressed about that so that somebody come running in there and I'm gonna keep asking you this Yeah, right Seriously wouldn't wouldn't that make sense to you or we at least find out who what A.E. which of our 400 sales people has that account now wouldn't that be a good start? Oh, to think Right he lawmakers again put off a device of debate on federalism that was said for today If we're a fresh wave of violence killed 50 people and prompted a warning from the UN that Iraq was descending in a civil war How do you like that? Oh my god Why your presence approval ratings are up to 44% now? He just had a big leap because things are going so well In somebody's blood test remarks on Iraq you went secretary general cup of coffee and until an international conference yesterday If current patterns of alienation and violence persist much longer, there is a grave danger not just a danger But a grave danger that the Iraqi state will break down possibly in the midst of full-scale civil war His remarks came on a day which saw about of carbom shootings and sectarian killings across Iraq ahead of the holy month of Ramadan No, we better play that please when US officials are expecting increase of violence by al-Qaeda They're shooting militant groups. That's when those good Muslims those good al-Oftering Muslims go out and they you know they get even with a pope You know what they do kill so people that's it Ramadan starts next week by the way. He can track live today so far and of course still let's see It's one of the eight hours ahead for six twenty a car bomb your factory to fill gas canister than seven back dead killed two people In 24 August so that's not too bad only too so far today. Although it's only six twenty an evening She Itsunian Curtis legislators and read like yesterday to again put up a debate on federalism summer wacky sphere Could unleash more bloodshed and break up the country that's what though is a crazy Fanatic Muslims like to do they like to go out and kill so people of course they can't like churches if they're one to talk Since during the crusades the acquisition all throughout history one of their favorite pastimes between molesting alter boys and Going out there and overpopulating the planet was to go out and kill so people that's right We can't always find a little fact that it'll get you open up a big mouth there And this business about well he was just quoting somebody else from some ancient 14th century You know ancient Chinese secret well guess what? He's on the picked out the quote nobody put the words in his mouth although not sure about anything else Jesus God who now is he kidding huh? So here's your poll actually wasn't your poll was my poll for yesterday when I was outside right now I appreciate it though. Yeah, you believe me. Well, here's the thing about the spinach concerns Maybe that's why I had a coli although I have no spinach I do I love spinach you hated don't you I don't mind it raw like a spinach salad You know my wrong right yeah, what about spinach? Here's your just pull that I invented for yesterday was an excellent pull very time It was a very much what's you and look at that we got a thousand six eighty today already I've been my work is done like that one jackass said that will fart Remember that you probably don't remember that course I did yeah, and they were fishing around you know Kindleys it that will but oh my work is done. Yeah, you're done all right You old fart and I'm still here by the way and the pull-in and big fat paycheck every tuition Spiderman fact this places a joke you got a helmet since the heat where are I? Clearbell what's your take on the Pope's comments in Islam we asked we're 265 votes You think with that many votes they would get it right, but they did not he was right three hundred and fourteen That's not the right answer that would be like there would be like Hitler saying that David Duke is anti-Semitic See what I'm saying? No, technically he was right Right because as soon as he said if they got all whipped up as always they went out and kill some people right But in the mean time Yeah, who now is he to be talking such crap talk about the popcorn we can't all pink That would be like the Pope crying me. He gave something like that. You know technically he'd be right But who else he'd be opening up a big push? So they got that wrong he was right my ass turned in fourteen how about the crusades in acquisition that was a good answer to 76 Good religious love again. That was my vote 257 because that's what religions like to do best kill so people They like to extend the hand of friendship and give their love and kind and of course if you know if you know Except that they kill some people don't mess with muslims They be sensitive 167 vote on understanding it if it wasn't the Danish cartoons It's the pope opening up a big mouth and man any excuse they got it again all whipped up the Islam. Oh, yeah They're all throwing their fist up in a year and they're all with dawning and riding and waving because they want to go out kill some Yeah, you know, they need some cable TV or something they need some sensitivity training is what they know Some of them football players the sensitivity training damn ragheads nice head year though What I'm not seeing hundred and thirteen votes on that now how dare you call this German Pope and not see even though it's a very good answer Nice shoes Papa 87 he did write the red shoe diaries and I hate this poll only 51 a mere 4% That's pretty good. They liked it and I wouldn't be they like today's go this got a lot of hosts although I did see being sick yesterday a later round here all day and And you know, and I think I went out once to get some soda in the newspaper. That's your time. I'm even list the house That's fluid just not see for a loop and then Clarissa's the balls to come back in here It's more and get me all whipped up and aggravated somebody coming yet. You're an answer to our question about that account. No Yeah, thousand and eighty votes holy moly rat me if that guy all look like a Nazi or of the cap doesn't Put the cap on a security guy. Yeah the cap will secure you guys all these for that It was a joke Somebody from hooking zeros But not does any a does he looks like a freaking Nazi is what he looks like he's capital security Well, you know when you got a Nazi in a White House you might as well have Nazis guarding right sure if it worked We're talking about it. Two for quite a while thousand eighty votes most religious people are full of Schmidt 661 61 plus per cent said most religious people are full of crap and I would say that Hey most religious people full of heat 249 Oh, if you've got a grudon kill so people you must be full of hate. What you could do it for love I hate this toll 79 7.3 percent that's bad. What what's not to like about this pool? I think it's excellent Maybe the lower told in the vote for that the full of kindness 58 and love 23 so that last those like a 68 and 23 So last two are only like 7.3 percent So full of Schmidt and full of hate you got eighty 84.2 percent of this he'd naughty and study like that 84 percent and those people are right I mean just you don't have to listen anything that I tell you because you're not gonna believe what I ever to hell I say but just look around you forget about reading history and the writing and arithmetic and all other stuff like Sam cooks it in our garf I'll forget about that just open up the ice turn on the freaking news and get the press for about five minutes And you'll see and just like that episode with Bill Marr you saw about that, didn't you? Nope You didn't hear about that? Sorry. I got it in my pile here somewhere, but I'm always well bringing up no I don't you know I'm not a fan of his anyway. Oh, I agree with what he said I can't stand he like was did oh kiddo I agree with almost everything he says I find him to be annoying and obnoxious He's a neverch with a lot of me. Yeah, I got a good word a little annoying neverch Oh, here it is It's very short and sweet right to the point before Katie Kurt debut on CBS evening news Miss Drugs said Bill Marr was one of the upcoming participants for the free speed segment But he hasn't appeared yet and now we apparently know why says the TV newser Whoever he is on this website media beast or dot com it says on Friday's real time on HBO So Marr explained that CBS approached him do a free speech segment on the new evening news The one with a Katie Kirk and the dark eyes the black eyes He asked if he could talk about religion, but was rejected and told that he would be provided with a list of approved topics And he may have received a second He may have asked was he free to express his views as long as you didn't touch religion or anything else I didn't yeah, I might offend this positive you know, and of course CBS denied this I saw a piece about this last night somewhere But I do like that That was on it was on Tucker. Oh, yes, he was watching at her human. It's oh god. He gives me spilties He would love to bow tie Yeah, he was testizing a CBS you're good. What to talk to him? He was testizing Bill or Riley for putting all the puffies on and then release celebrity things and all this stuff about You know, and then I think he went into a thing about end of the call of Sonia That's why I'm not gonna be I'm not knocking you guys across the street anymore now after what I see today coming back out of a sick bed I could have stayed out again today. I'm still I illin little bit You know, I was a few out of it. Where are you? Yeah, I am you know When I came in a 30 the I felt better than do right now That's the big clearance for that see if I was you like it if I saw currents come to that door I would have just jumped out of your chair and tackled them right there in the doorway I don't know how to microphone that thing drag his ass out of there I'm gonna stay alive. I think he's trying to kill me $197 we're gonna have over 100 by 10 30 man. Unless because Miguel's working today Now let's see. I'm gonna go down and downstairs and kill so come. We're gonna go down to get those those two FedExes so if I'm not back. I can't sit I'm ready. You know, I do do a couple of lives Fosses just makes them up like they're sales department does So best tell us the faces we all rock first force radio 560 Yeah, too you are full of my lighter No, who is that? Who had been that was BK depth oh Congratulations get alive Did I all me here at the pearly gate? Crunky have a look at this it's a peanut he's a beauty and a big bug Who's gonna at wingsman? I'm gonna seek up on him go to be careful don't want to stand on Here we go What in heavens name Go to He's just going to Pretty awesome Oh, he's trying to I'm gonna take him in and what is why? Oh, what is wrong with you Rocky? So is he having help here you go when you get a snack from here my no Of course not he pulls his spiders no it crooks no This is heaven crokey. He's not my idea What do you say to you do a block of fire? All right stand on the X Fight Now you see there are two separate bits there, but they're only good and they only mean anything and you plan like side by each Oh Crokey this bike is shockable for a slice and they're beautiful The story's hot, but no risk in the outback and crokey Oh, yeah, it's a snowball. I guess the Vikings are finally gonna win a super bowl Come on let's add all Gary Take a look over it. He's that devil himself Beals a motor She's powerful goat legs and those horns oh my look Wow He's got a 40-tail and a little more less than the hat right For now Okay 10 35 at five 60 WQM. I'm open up. I just want to see this way bill Okay, but I just want to see what it's I see you added on here series of music That was on the original. No actually the original just at CDs. Yeah, okay like they've all be said Right like like I always says like it says in all the packages that I always get here except for your particular Kiko is man which rhymes with stico. I love to go. It's been at that one I don't want to start picking on because you have been already started a day. I'm pretty good job And I don't think I'm done Talk about a major project man. Oh, now I got the good stuff You know I saw what we would see us in the surrounding the other night and she looked just like Sigourney We've ran at movie Wow, she must have loved the white them now. She looked just like her Which we'll be always that movie. It was also pretty good believe they're not I need probably no like students Remanded I like her a lot of way why would you say that it was a good flick It was very similar to that to that other than movie imaginary heroes I'll think of the name one of these days James Franco in a though damn it But I better get hold them pretty soon. He's getting pretty oldies 28 better find out where he is Speaking of James Franco first penis transplant reverse after two weeks Oh, okay Surgeons in China who said they perform the first successful penis transplant had removed the donated organ Because of these severe psychological problems are caused to the recipient and his wife G. Dad. It was a world of surdough Dr. Wiley who and surgeons at Gangs who there were hospital in China Wiley who perform the complex 15 hours surgery on a 44 year old man who's penis had been damaged and a traumatic accident What are the kind is there? Yeah, I guess It's a traumatic the micro surgery to attach the penis which have been donated by the parents of a 22 year old brain dead man Was successful, but oh no, but maybe that's the guy who had that account Maybe that's what we can't get his name on her The micro surgery was successful, but who what is team we moved it to these later? Because of a severe psychological problem. They were sipping in his wife the Transpleted penis regretfully and had to be cut off who's sent in report published online by the peer reviewed Journal of European urology without elaborating This is the first report a case of penal transplantation in a human who added Both the man those wife had requested the surgery he had been unable to have it of course Are urinate properly since the accident that create months before the surgery was performed 10 days after the operation which had been approved by the hospital's medical ethical committee The recipient had been able to urinate there have been no signs of the four-inch organ being rejected by the recipient's body But who said more cases in longer observation are needed to determine whether sexual sensation and Function can be restored the patient finally decided to give up the treatment because of the white psychological Rejection as as well as here comes the a kicker as well as these swollen shape of the transplanted penis who added Oh, there's the pope Yeah, these health straight ahead the pope the a silly old pope You know, I have a little bit of sensitivity you will get you okay? They're all whipped up into a frenzy those schmothans to get nervous to get psychotic And then they say well, it's only the fanatic level what I must be a hell of a lot of fanatic levels I tell you that because all you got to do is look at him cross-eyed and right away They're ready to go out and start kill some people that's right Luffy at Louisiana all I can just imagine what kind of place that is So I think they put the lose in Louisiana William Nelson and four others were issued misdemeanor citations for possession of narcotic mushrooms and marriage of weenie after traffic stop yesterday morning I'm Louisiana highway How do you like that? That's enough to make me go out and kill some people right we like William Nelson Get that right you never stole a free train I mean you say you never could but then it's good to know can what? He just likes the good stuff. Maybe he's a funny weaver ought to get together It'd bite me the citation to where she would after a commercial vehicle the Google Students were random by the way. I'll tell you what that movie is you might enjoy it I totally forget anymore. It was about but I was right with the fellow Louise I have no will now and it was about a dysfunctional family and Whatever and what about that movie about the prize winner of Define so high oh what about that one what about it? I never got that one for you. They're well keep reminding me. I'll send you some of these because these are movies you would like I think And then you share with Miguel and he'll say oh that's suck, you know What is that? It's Willie Willie Nelson maybe I Willie The citation is where she would after commercial vehicle inspection the country music stars tour bus State police said a news release when the door was open and the trooper began to speak to the driver He smelled a strong odor of marijuana the news release said oh in the crimping of my goodness packages my deon TV's in Oh Thank God for that. I can't believe you know that CB that that's the or communist you really are Asserts of the bus produced one and a half pounds of marijuana one and a half pound will wait They're causing our kind of shrumes according to state police According to our called and also publicist was not immediately returned Also seemed to a bunch of other people in nobody ever heard of eight released after being issued a citation Nelson 73 has been courted songs including on the road again and city of New Orleans He didn't do city of New Orleans. Yeah, he retarded. I don't know. I know but our old gottory did it to me correct I wrote a song about me and Paul We have no we have a parody on that thing, but I don't know what tells call. Yeah, we have to know what gottory thing It was something about bush and New Orleans remember that yes Oh, yeah, what is it called this is the original called city of New Orleans? Yeah I'll be there. We got all made a bush face to the other all here to wait a month There you go I wasn't I wasn't a hyperventilating I wasn't but she's north the city of New Orleans Yes, some of those people down there saying he failed Stuff to people in the astrid don't like cats I'm right on earth I'll have the national guard was in my rat He's a funding for their levies who does call thing and arting in a room But we made a bigger deal There In search for Natalie. Oh, wait One white girl we trained a late and even asked for help from the naming seals George Bush, what vacation they need Crawford I guess next year, though we know Marty Gromp No Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans Or the half-tons and their film could have fallen in love with her All my guys The biggest name so best tell us if this is wheel rotors for radio 560 QA M You see you're on QA You don't have any national guards in them because they're all fighting a war in a racer right now Not the national guard right not the national guard National guard in the racer not there's no national guard at love Really sick of This in the scientific Don't bite him and I won't watch his movie Jumping up and down on the couch I'll fool and what he said I bought for him But not very good Not as bad as what no lipstick that I'm out to Whatever it bodies really sick of time to now Call it Baby That's it baby That's That's pretty good stuff. That's gone KJ What's this book of rhyme but pop tires as supposed to be Pope die Oh, I died. I'm not sure pop die. I don't know pop die. What does that mean? I had to spit it state Oh, pop die. I thought I was about the the Pope would a big mouth. Yeah, I mean we wish we would that he would What did you just say? I said we wish you would each finish? Yeah, okay that Builds the spot he's eight ways and then it goes you wouldn't be able to put out in the whole line and then get bleeding diarrhea wild diarrhea Speaking of people who are wild and have diarrhea of the mouth You're president. Well, that's right. He's at the UN today with the cup of coffee And he's the the short of my nose. Yacht, sure rock another real slime ball and later on us medin the job Your buddy's gonna be Asked the lever he's gonna be speaking again and then they're gonna say oh you hear all that anti-israel anti-Semitic stuff and all about the West and yeah He's gonna be Man, so we get an answer right now to question I hear Seriously Chris Jones. He is the anti-Christ All you people out there looking for the anti-Christ look no further. I got it for you Our new sales manler and I use that term very Right-chistly manler. He's manned with it. He is he gives me skill keys just think about him Never trust a guy with a real heavy draw. You know, I'll say y'all never trust one of them like you Republican firebrand pap you can't and said yesterday that president and Bush would be impeached For failing to stend the invasion of illegal immigrants across America Southern border as if that's the only reason He's got a lot of issues there man, but I will take that I think he's committed an impeachable offense and refusing to enforce the immigration laws and failing to upload the constitution by defending the states against this invasion You can't entold talk radio host Kurt Smith And when every broadcast yesterday on NPR stations in Buffalo and Rochester, I'll ride Or you know who's in that buffalo and he's not not no more, but this weekend he was there. I give up Speaking of religious stuff. I think Louis Armstrong and hello dolly Pardon, dolly, llama yeah The dolly llama was in Buffalo this weekend and boy, they were all whipped up into a frenzy man. Oh He actually touched me on the chin and he yeah, yeah, touch this silly people when you have six million people I printed on the border and servo me didn't go in on your watch and you had the ability to stop it I think you're derelict in your duty be cannon said and if the president says I can't do it You need new president who will do it? This is in Alice Island said you can and this is an invasion amen even doc else from the pirates would agree with that Not from the pirates about 30 years ago But in spite of type of cannons ramblings and rannies, which we have in a degree with president Bush is approval rating has we bounded up to 44% Oh my god the highest level in the year in the latest USA Gallup full a newspaper reports today Must be because the word Iraq is going so well Bush is approval rate and that and of course what did I tell you weeks ago about the price against how we're gonna come tumbling down Just before the election did I tell you that yes you did only the dumbest of the dumb can believe that that's It's only cute points in Emma and that the day after the election It's not gonna go back up to like 75 bucks a gallon. Who are you kidding? W obviously some people Bush is approval rating jump five points from the 39% the previous Paul conducted earlier this month The bonds comes with seven weeks before the election to the side control of Congress and in falling gas prices And when you can't paint about Bush to boost support for the war in Iraq and the portrayal Republicans is more competent than Democrats on security The evil doers they want to yell at get you man the evil to worse For the first time since the December of last year and majority of people pulled it not say that war in Iraq was a mistake The response was put evenly 49 to 49 now here. This is the best part all right However the pull finds that the Iraq war continues to be a problem for Bush 60% that it is never clear plan for handling Iraq and 75% said Iraq is in a civil war today Now stop and put those two okay, we're evenly split at 49 49 as far as whether they're going to war in Iraq was a mistake But 75% said that it's in a civil war Yeah, can you put those two together? Like that that's right Dumber than saw us baby, do more than dirt It's those Yahoo's man Yahoo is America has become a Yahoo country much red necks like your sales manager there What is he frost my fat oligrass guy and this is a select the last time later question about something member Uh-huh, don't we went through the whole show did he ever respond? Overgrain now He's a stone walls. That's all I thought all I thought only a that's what that was what was stone walls about in the York back in the 60s members stonewall. Oh, yeah He's the go there often stonewall Jackson. Yeah 116 he's votes on the floor We're gonna have close to 1200 by noon. This is shocking to me. This is an event now. What's that pop diapent? That's cute He does a guy this package finally showed up What's up? This one they couldn't you be a straight answer if you put an oozy or lying saxocrab obviously they you know They were just they could stuff up to get if we went out this way You're got here a estimate the what are you couldn't find it on the tracking number it was already there Yeah, I think like that or Liars and comrades Mike Whitney writes pushes cool and degrading presidency I don't think I have time to read this before the break and I'm not gonna cut a rush It's really guilty. I mean you like to sink his teeth into these stories That's right. He sits there on the as you've a seat. He's savers them with moment doesn't unless they have to do with Cuba I do have a good story about Cuba. I don't think I printed it out. I put it on our website for tomorrow Cuba's falling apart the infrastructure is falling apart They got big pot holes and buildings are crumbling and all these things in Cuba all of these things Once the now gets back in there I don't want to say your people made a little bit of a premature evaluation all I will say this You don't look too good to know he looks like he he be healing Demi a little bit you see him there with Hugo Chavez. Yeah, then I can be You be a company that started out as a joke Celebrates 10 years in business founder Jeremy Cowan Ha ha ha ha says that starting out he and his friends just that'll be fun for Jews to have their own beer and brewed up something called He boo our our our 10 years later with two million bottle sold. It's not a joke no mole I'm like so those Muslims don't think it's no laughing matter either. There's my pants I wonder out of off may be off my dinner job. They'll sit in some Hebrew with the you end today when he'd be pissed at that The Cowan says he likes to beer but wouldn't want to abandon the inside joke that started at all the punch line being don't pass out pass over a That's cute the tiny San Francisco based brew which depends almost as much on stick as it does on brewing expertise It's celebrating its anniversary 10th anniversary with several new beers They include a wire flavored tribute to the late comedian and free speech icon Lenny Bruce. It's Ryan flavored I get it like that. Oh, there's Bill Richardson. Yeah, there's Bill Richardson on CNN I didn't he just go over there and free the slaves. I mean the prisoners in the Syria show or he just over there, right? Seriously that was both Bill Richardson man from New Mexico. Okay, hell of a guy I mean he ain't no a condom Lisa, but who that is man dog coming up into this afternoon We got the Marlins and the Mets tonight any interest are he in this game but luckily it's at New York So we don't have to bitch and belly aching mode. You know, but he showed up in a game. You know at least they're consistent The biggest name so best tell us if this is Neil Rogers for Shredio 560 if you pay them This is the Neil Rogers show This is your brain Tonight on myography stupid celebrity dance dumb celebrity who did dumb things to die stupid John Denver sunshine Johnny bond And of course that will help me, I'll start over what? I'm going to change all your addresses to that. Yeah, they help me a little, sometimes it comes through, and sometimes it doesn't, because if it's for many more down there, I think, how many of filters and acres they know I'll get aggravated. So the movie with Susan Serena was saved passage, okay, 1994, but she plays the mother we've got seven sons. All right, never heard of it. And one of them is often the middle east somewhere, and building is fine, I don't know where the hell he is. 94. And the building is fine, I'm waiting on television and find out what he's alive at dinner. And the ending is corny and predictable in the adiatic. But it's pretty good. And the father is usual as a real slime ball sandwicherford. Haven't seen him, huh? No, but talented or stupid. It is interesting, it's pretty good. She's actually very good in there, just she get naked. No, okay, I don't think so. He's out in the movie anyway, okay. Mike Whitney, right? So wonder, he's kind of ray-witteny. Bush is cool and degrading presidency. He says Washington is a moral swamp, when the chief executive can stand at the presidential podium and make an honor-bastopil for torture, then the American dream is dead-did-did. Bush hates American, only God knows why. He's been void along his entire life on a raptor wealth and privilege, distancing himself from his endless faders one after the other, flop, flop, flop. Still, President of the cod piece wants one more. Another pound of flesh to inflate his better alcohol saturated ego. He wants to stuff out anything, even vaguely resembles Otto or Decent's ear, dignity. So it can permeate the world with his own fiendish image, beaming from TV's across the globe. Fact, I think he's got a lot of income in common with those ragheads, you know why? What do I say with hobbies? It's a kill-so-peep death. Who can ever have a marriage in the president of the West making the case for torture like some flannel-mouth medicine man at a tent show? Where is your sense of decency, sir? The shame that Bush has brought on this country is nearly as great as the ignominy hipped-uh, hepe-domination by the Republican-Rubberstand Congress. The House of Representatives is the real moral swamp, not once in six years of hasty-up to Bush, not once, meanwhile, the country is purg-roth to war on a pack of lies. The president is authorized unlimited spying on the American people. 300,000, mostly poor black people were ethnically cleansed in the warlands, and countless thousands of innocent mussels have been kept in bondage in American Gulaggs. And don't bother defending their phony-makayan in his cover as a far-right toti's gassing with Bush on so-called secret evidence, what a joke. Makayan never saw a war he didn't like. He's chairman of the International Republican Party, a slick-sounding NGO that topples foreign government like Hugo Chavez, they don't believe every nickel of the world's wealth to go to the upper one percent. Even as fight against secret evidence's pure fiction, if Makayan the Maverick wins, American health prisoners will still not have the right to challenge their case in federal court or sue for damages in the case of unlawful arrest. Makayan, Warner, and Graham have removed the habeas corpus to foundation of American jurors' prisoned- a prudence dating back 800 years in English law as a fundamental human right. The only rights the prisoners will have are the right to appear before three of Rommistrel's handpicked stuages to plead for mercy. This is not a travesty. Republicans love to lavish praise on that inved-ert racist, Winston-Bong the Nicarious Churchill. Here's where Churchill said about habeas corpus. The power of the executive to cast a man into prison without formulating any change known as the charge known to law, and particularly to deny him the judgment of his peers, is in the highest degree odious, and the foundation of all to tell a theory in government whether or not you are communist. According to the AP, there are more than 14,000 of these unlucky souls and bushes gool eyes right now. That doesn't include the tens of thousands in American concentration camps and detention facilities. Bush not only claims the rights to hold them indefinitely, but wants the Congress to endorse his rights to torture them as he sees fit. This is the very definition of tyranny. Here's Bush defending torture in the September 6 speech. He said, captured terrorists have a unique knowledge about how terrorists never separate, and how they have what plots are under way. The ticking time bomb forest. Our security depends on getting this kind of information. Like the September PVB, been lawed in tightening strike on America. Many out kind of are Taliban fighters try to conceal their identities and withhold information that could save American lives. They've received training and how to resist interrogation. And so the CIA used an alternate set of procedures. These procedures were designed to be safe to comply with our laws, our constitution, our treaty obligations, the Department of Justice reviewed the authorized message extensively and determined them to be lawful. And why change the laws, George? No harm, no foul. Bush wants to change law because he knows the procedures constitute torture, a violation of the war crimes act and the Geneva conventions. His petition for torture goes far beyond a statistic urge to inflict pain in other human beings. It's a trouble solved on the fundamental principles which end to score the bill rights. It's an expression of the hatred he feels for our system, our laws and our prevailing ethos. It's way of forcefully removing any obstacles to absolute power. The opponents of torture are modern day, flimsy, lympharic defense that torture procedures unreliable produces unreliable information or that it may put our own soldiers at risk. What gibberish? That's the simplest equivocating of lawyers, not humans. We oppose torture because it's a moral evil. It makes no difference if he religious or not. There is no lower form of human activity and it's like the pain on another person. None. Even killing somebody allows them to retain some trace of dignity. Torture or not robes them even a bat. You like to win reading this very well. That's right. Anyone who thinks torture is quite is unfit to lead. In fact, there are cancer on society. Bush's reading against these unique conventions is a sign of a man who accepts no legal or ethical constraints in his behavior. It's a blanket defensive, cruelty, and untack on our core principles as Americans. It's a language of a dictator who's so-so-laced operations the expansive is on the spot of power. Bush says that the wording of Geneva is vague and that outrageous against human dignity is hard to decipher. That's because he plans to push the limits of law by exacting as much pain as possible from his victims. Geneva is not vague. It intentionally cast a broad net to disperse any harsh treatment of detainees in one's charge. It's condemnation of the cruel and human and degrading human and degrading human prisoners has never been challenged because it's a clear indictment of any such punishment. What is it that Bush does not understand about our laws and traditions? How can a man reach the pinnacle of power without the slightest resolve to defend even minimal standards of human decency? An earlier little rights have no geographic body, the depravance of every person. Prisoners and roll us in total human rights identity body else. The president's plea to repeal the Geneva conventions is a poor tenses reminder of how absolute power corrupts absolutely and how quickly America stood in the quicksand of moral depravity. I'd like that could hold my question. You go way away with neither them again. I'll go to the first night and I can picture the James Franco. Check your your your your your your your your your your your you. Check my your who. Oh no he's in the sales department. They're man. Oh yeah who man Chris Jones you discontinue still morning. Hey come a job Chris. I don't think I got any mail here. I mean look at my. I got. No, I got one. All right. I got one bulk one. Let me get rid of that. I got one. I got one. I got one. So lament they want to see that. Here you go. Here's about to naked pictures of James Franco sent by George. I don't see. Or a two of a minute. Oh one of Miss Nick I told you that he was here listening. I tell you that. You mentioned that. Yes. He goes to the spa. Get out of here. He goes to what does that mean he goes to the spa. It's wax. Get out of here. Yeah. He gets wax. They wax is that. Yeah. Oh yeah. There's two naked pictures there. Well he looks like a real lady in that one on the bottom. Yeah. That's for you. Oh no. He looks like a girly man. One on the top though. You look so really much. Yeah. I got that one off of your a fave dot com. Holy moly. Bush him up a little bit on that bottom picture. I can't say. That's just. First my bubble right there. Ooh. I don't want to look at it. It's not a pretty thing. I'll tell you right now. Well he's better as the green goblins. So you know, just the word. Well I got so many things here. I got Doug Thompson's article. It seemed to be an American. But I don't want to read him because we go get up and walk out. So here. Hello, but job by the way. And I package. Oh, I think it goes. And that's going to make me sick of my stomach. Oh, wait. You're just. Yes. Yeah. Bullcraft. Tell them the left fed ass where you're about instead of trying to be a bush boss. So you do not go there ever again. I've heard. My kinkos here man. Everything that I told you. We're just like clockwork. There's no problem. No problem. And you managed to find. It's come because that's your house. That's right. That's my luck. So you thought it was convenient. Guess what? Wrong. Atlantic City. A New Jersey gay rights group. I wonder what James Franco thinks about that. A New Jersey gay rights group thought a share impersonator who happened to be a man would live an up and democratic party meeting. But met resistance instead. The state Democrats gathered in Atlantic City, which Steve Goldstein found to have gotten state equity a gay rights organization. Books shared to appear in full share regalia and let's think a few of the singers wait a minute. Steve Goldstein found out of a gay rights organization. Garden City quality. I think I said equity. Well, it's partially it's. Blur dog. But before the impersonator could hit the state, the state party official approach Goldstein. As witness is told the New York star, Legion said, we can't have that walking in the hallway. What if the pressies that? Well, they report on that and tomorrow's papers. You know, like it like that thing. It's exactly what he'll do. Remember the thing? Oh, God. Share diggin in a couple of numbers. I'm already among those dancing was Senator Loretta Weinberg, Burgundy, 71 year old grandmother. Share wasn't great Weinberg told us they're a legend, but I survived it. And I didn't catch anything. I'm still wearing women's clothing. I'd be like that. I wonder what Steve Goldstein said about that. See, you think you know somebody and you find out all of a sudden, I don't know where. I'm 100, and two votes on the pool look at that man. 12. 102? Is that incredible or what? Oh, but you, a butchish speech if you went at 11.30, we're going to be listening that. No chance. No chance. I wouldn't pollute my or your earrings with that craft, I can. Most, here's the pool today. And of course in the wake of all the great things that are going on the world that they loved, the brotherhood, the kindness, the understanding. Most religious people are full of Schmidt. 739, 61 point. Oh, there's off my dinner job. I guess I sang it. Now that I can. Schmidt 739, 61.1% of everybody in this audience, 70 or full of crap, all your religion is man, you're evil. You're the ones that we need to avoid like crazy, like the plague stay away from us. They're full of hate 277. That's why they like to. We're a filibunch of people. I hate this pool 89. Well, it's too bad. Emotional cripples. They're full of kindness, 76 and love, only 27. How, six, 12, see 8.4% say something like they're full of something good, which means over 90% look out, beware. Oh, right. Yeah, look out now. God tell you, like my stiff neck and my shoulder mat, I'm dead, too. And all of it's insurance coming to this morning. The 50's name is the best tele. It's the parents you've ever brought to us for, for video 560, you a-n-n. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Joey Hamilton. Fort Fort Fort Fort George Fort George Fort George Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort, small with college athlete. Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort, so we had the temperate. No, I say had the temperate. You say had the temperate. Yeah, it's Fort. So Joey had the temperate. So, it's Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort You're gonna do this in situation we have. That's the chicken egg steak on the Canadian boeshoe. But you forgot to mention one thing. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. So James Franco and it leave it to you to find that picture man. Every other picture he looks fabulous. I think you did that just because you found out he was Jewish. Oh, he is? Yes. I didn't do that on purpose. I thought I'd send that shirtless picture that. James Edward Franco, well they had the one on top would have done very nicely. Okay, that one on the bottom he looks really. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. Although if we wanted to spell that he lives in LA, that should disprove it. He has dated actress Marla Sokolov with whom he co-starred me film whatever it takes. You know who Marla Sokolov is? No. Oh, well he has dated her not lately though. He was chosen by people magazine as one of the 50 hottest bachelor's of 2004. He paints extensively in his free time. Yeah. And even tended to private painting school during his teen years. His works already been displayed in art galleries and he's also currently, let's say he's signed a return in Spider-Man 3. We released May 4, 2007. I'm going to George Worth close up the world before that. And by the way, lots of rumors, especially in the time of news was there, but the ran attack, we had the Iraqi attack which worked out very, very well. And I was thinking about an aran attack. Great. And WWE 3 like Newt-Egeen, we've got it on. Oh, look at that, one, two, three, four. Man. If, well let's me gain, he could just count that high. One, two, three, four. He could only count the three though. And that's why I thought it was there to down. What are these things you're sending me? Here's one that says, I thought you might enjoy this article also. There's an article in today's The Herald Sports Festival. WWE KMA and the ticket with the headline, Disappointed South Florida's fans speak their peace. Oh my God, Andy and my Mbj says, have a sweet new year. I'll dab in for you. That's right. We got to do holidays coming up. I forgot about that. Look at that. Tank's roll into Bangkok, Thailand, and the mid-Rumors of a cool, All right, I like that. And you know who just left there, don't you? Who? John Mark Carr. Quencherovian queen, Roul Castro. It says, over the past six weeks, Americans have learned quite a bit about Roul Castro, who took over a set of the Cuban government in late July, wanting they haven't been told hi ever or something. Middians of Cubans have long taken for granted. They're a little bro at his day. How do you like that? Now we know what that movie was all about. Eating Roul? Oh yeah. It's not a new rumor by any means, but it's flamed up again. Flamed up. Hey, hey, hey. And you like the Patelle hospitalization for an estuple bleeding. New Zardacles on ex-al-web sites about the hand-of-worked May-proof temporary Patelle of a recovery. Our routinely accompanied by a reader comments that, we're sure to rally as El Matic Cone. A Spanish derogatory term equivalent to Faggot. Matic Cone. Some sites claim he's bisexual. He is after all married with four children. Our cross-dresser. While others name his alleged partners, ask how widespread the belief is. They remember our Cuban ex-al-family for my mutual radar simply. Everyone knows Roul is gay. And it goes on a clear line. Well, all right. In fact, his daughter, Mary L. L. Castro is the country's leading advocate for Gilles Lesby and then transgendered rights. Uh-huh. If it were a touchy issue with your father, I don't think he'd be running the transgender clinic, which I guess maybe that's why Dick Cheney's a daughter such a big advocate. I don't know. Either way, it says the rumors endured for years. Alan Ginsford wrote about an ex-journal, and Andy Warhol alluded to in his 1965 film, and he was a child of one-eater Castro. And it isn't likely to die anytime soon. If it all does die, or cruising the Castro could take on a whole new meaning. Oh, our art art. Yeah. Ha-ha-ha. That's bad. Doug Thompson writes, a shame to be an American. You know, your buddy Doug Thompson can be a little black. Looks like he's really ready. He's ready. More columns now than when, well, now that he's underground somewhere. And they can't find him. Ty Prime Minister clears a state of emergency. That was mild and constant. Oh, no. The accusations of dirty tricks and rigging the election. And in the end. Sounds like a murderous. But another one, and that was supposed to happen next month. It looks like now, the military, or someone has got their board with weighting for democracy to be restored, or for this election to happen. And they stepped in and it looks like they've tried to do something themselves. So I'm John Mike Hart. I have a confession. I killed a crocodile hunter. It isn't mean to accidentally post him with my 20 bar and taking forest possibilities. And it will need to face charges. And I'll show you if I can fly first class on quadrups. Throw it over. Shrimp on the bar, he. Ha-ha-ha. That is so good. Pretty unusual, huh? Yeah. Good. I'm going to send something pretty good. 23 past 11 Doug Thompson says, I never thought I'd reach the poor, where I was ashamed of my country. I was wrong. I've loved America for most of my 58 years. I fought for her, killed for her, led for her, and damn you're died for her more than once. I served my country even when I thought she was wrong because I felt it was my duty as an American to do so. But I can no longer do so, Doug. He writes, American days become what we always stood up against a turret, a destroyer of freedom, and international murderer with no regard for human rights or life, no morality, and no belief in the rule of law. American now threatens the peace of the world far more than any terrorist group, any communist country, any tinhorn dictated with a suitcase, nook. I've lived with the Americans for one year and eight months as if I was living in a held bag dead, shopkeeper, Ahmad Chad, Kassim al-Ali'awi, told the APF they was released from 20 months in captivity, without ever being charged with a crime, or even being told what he was suspected of doing. According to an AP investigative report, the American government holds some 14,000 detainees and secret prisons around the world. If you have any idea why they're held, all are denied legal representation, even given details of the charges against them, and many are later released without our slaves, even in the apology. If you got forbid our innocent Afghan who gets sold on the river by some warlord rival, you can end up at Vagram and have absolutely no way of clearing your names at John Sifton of human rights watch in New York. You can't have a lawyer of present evidence, or do anything organized to get yourself out of there. Evidence continues to mount that many of these prisoners are tortured and ways that violate the Geneva Convention, and international court that governs how civilized nations are supposed to treat prisoners of war, and President Bush reminds us constantly that we were at war with terrorism. But America, where we'd use it war with itself, a tax remover in by a madman president who claims the divine mission from God, waiting a fierce battle against the principles that once guided this nation, and said it above those who treated human life with Calisdus regard, and claimed any means no matter how barbaric, justified the cause. America's no longer respected by its allies, had murdered on the world's stage of trusted by its own citizens, so that's Chris Jones. Polls shown overwhelming majority of Americans think Bush lies based war in Iraq was a monumental mistake. Most also think in President of the West is dishonest, and that our government lies to us on a regular basis. Sadly, they're right. Iraq war is an incredible food bar that is destroyed in the nation, created new heaven for terrorists and cost more American lives than the attack on the world's transcendor of New York. Bush is not only a serial liar, but an unstable despot who sanity is increasingly doubted by members of his own family and party. He ignores the will of a people he's supposed to serve, violates international law to will, and treads the Constitution law when the freedoms that are once protected. America's detainment of charges, and then released with that escalation or apology merely a 18700 people since June of 2004, the AP investigation found. Many of those released alhorstors of their treatment world imprisoning torture by attaching electric saliris through general areas, waterboarding, creating the fear of drowning by submerging prisoners, use of dogs and threats of long-term imprisonment. While the debool curving 26 told the AP, how his guards would wheel the ranch a little authority. Tell us about the ones who attack Americans in the neighborhood, quoted in the terror, and gave her a saying, or I will keep you in prison for another 50 years. Such treatment only fuels hatred toward this country. I will hate Americans for the rest of my life for him, said. I understand why Korean hate Americans in the country they represent. I don't hate America. I love my country, but I hate what our so-called leaders have done to it. Thanks to the illogical illegal and insane actions of George W. Bush and those who follow him. Americans can no longer hold their heads high and take pride in their country. Bush and those fellow service have destroyed a great country and if you're the damage of maybe permanent and irreparable. Here, reputable. I think you're like that, that's because you put these oxamps in. All right. What do we go to waterboarding? So enough to make you want to go out and... Is it really worth it? I mean, I guess I need to put that out of button because I think we're going to be a lot of people. I'm really curious. Especially those good religions going to be going up to... Filso people. Have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something is the moment that the store stops caring? Donald mattresses at their best after you purchase your new mattress. Call them at 1-800 mattress and get factory-grade prices from dollar mattress lower than the chain stores. Dollar mattress also has 12 months financing to call 1-800 mattress. You get the lowest prices on the best brands. Seely, surd a king-cool, Simmons temperamentic and Stearns, and Foster Hewitt. Dollar mattress has a 99.7% on time delivery rate. You just choose the day and 10 we want that new mattress delivered. Seven days a week from 8-10 PM. Even the same day and that you call and dollar mattress delivers like crazy. Aftercare is one of the major reasons why they're ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. Why have you used them for years? You have to be crazy to buy new mattress any other way. Look them up on the web at mattress.com or make that easy call. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-Level of the last S-B-Cuz it stands for Sales Holes. 1-800-MIT-Cuz it stands for sales holes. You want a figure? 1-800CRIP-70 negative. 3- escape video from the rental you want the lower seats. 1-100 sales holes. 5-100 sales videos of sellers who sell sails. I'm Shivsem. 26-12-195-463. Yeah. Aha? So deceptive. There has to use the photo shop to take off the weight I got to put TV at some shop. I need to look young and hot wall when they use the photo shop on my publicity shop. You may come sit, I don't got. Hey guys, thanks a lot. Go on a diet. Don't be a joke or say, well my stomach is like our rookner. Airbrush my waist. So I don't look sadder. Make me sexier than Dan Ratter. There's a news rash. This just ends. They ultimately raised my extra chin. I lost 20 pounds overnight. I just got hit on by Walsercon type. So go step the photo shop. And don't you ever stop. Now that I got the anchor spot. I need to stay young and hot wall. Baby Kirk in the gym. And these feet, they're not those. Anybody care about Thailand? All you pedophiles about there. I post phone the trip. 27-0-0-9-1. So anyway, here's a list of Jewish actors and actresses. Wow, wow. Only about 40,000 on here. Wow, I'm exaggerating. 30,000. Current Paul Abdul. Okay. You know, she was very degenerate. I thought she was an A-Rab. Yeah, do that. Judy and Margulee's Rachel White's Sarajistic apartheor and Sambla Blair. I wonder if she's kind of Linda Blair or Toni Blair. Boy, let's just read the names of all of these people. Beyonce Midnight. Sarah Ramos. You see, you see, like James Franco don't have sound like a Titan. Like Franco American? He says. He's Jewish. God Almighty, Rachel Wilson. Amanda Bines. Aaron Carter. Aaron Carter. New reality show coming out by the way. Boy. Aaron Carter's brother? Gay. Well, we know that. But that's beside the point. Aaron Carter was Jewish. Partly we have break. If he Jewish, how come it doesn't have Nick Carter on here, huh? Yeah, I wouldn't be your clue if the other guy's on there. That would be kind of a clue, but guess what he ain't got here. Well, we can Google it. But who now? There are old newsman. It's dead meat. Believe me. Old news. Zach Efron. Ben Feldman. Joseph Gordon Levitt. Jake Irlin Hall. Oh, no. Are you kidding me? Gay. I knew it. Get out of here, Jesus. Get out of here. Just because he was in Grimmlands and he was playing with those fuzzy little things. Because he was in Procast. No. Jake Irlin Hall. Oh, that's right. He was. I told him. I didn't watch the rest of it. I had to sit out of mind. Also, there's big. So that also makes what his name gave the other guy. Gay. Then boring British guy? No, but those are the jokes. That I'm going to be British guy, what's his name? He's a hard ledger. He's also. You're fair. Gay. Not. So, Jake. Yeah, this is pretty interesting. Jake Irlin Hall is Jewish. He was also in some really bad, crazy movie. I saw not so long ago. See, if you watch the, well, you know, if he was got some good channels on it. Yeah, but I don't. Oh. Gregory Smith. I was in a barless circle off. Now, wasn't she didn't we just read that she was dating James Franco, probably because they were both Jewish. See that? As if that's the surprise that some of the names so close might be Jewish, well, we go ahead on J.D. Natalie Portman. There's this any billion names on him. I could read him all. Ricky Olman. Joey Zimmerman. I never heard of almost the mean. These people. Did you want to know why? Why? Probably because most of these people are on some like, you know, sit, sit, comms. You have like minor parts and movies that I've never seen. Oh, Jason Schwarzenman. I remember Dr. Schwarzenman in Fatsau. Uh-huh. Oh. And he reached over an e-gram to grape. That was beautiful. Poor Dom Deloitte's man. I'll always still live. It's amazing that Corey Feldman. Oh, there's two things we know about him. Number one is Jewish. Never two is a very annoying. And I'll go. Got away. Hey, hey, hey. Sir, I'm a shell-geller. Andrew Ginsburg. Oh, no. Seth Green. Right? What about Seth Green, bro? Oh, Maggie Geeler Hall. I didn't know that there was a Maggie Geeler Hall, but we do now. Holy Lord nominated American actress. What does she do? She's in, I know her as his sister. I don't know. I don't know where she is. From the party. He's in. Yes. She's 29. Kate Hudson. Where she the Jones. Where she is, do you be Jewish? Holy moly. That's almost as exciting as Paula Abdul. When is Paltrow? Now have we never knew that before did we? No. No. Locking Phoenix River Phoenix. Get out of here. River Phoenix was Jewish. Maybe they converted. You got to be kid me. Summer Phoenix. Rain Phoenix. Michael Rosenbaum. When on a rider. What is this is Fred Savage? What is that annoying kid? Probably not a kid anymore. He's, you know, how old he is now? Butter. Bird man. He's the bummer, H.A.A. Yeah. An annoying. Torries. Felling. Aren't these like just Kevin Weissman? Yeah. And that's about it. And I go, yeah, Paula Abdul. Patricia Arketh. Well, Patricia Arketh. It's all because it means Charlie Weaver was Jewish. To far, can't. I imagine. He was a Danny, wouldn't he? I don't know. Well, you better get with him. You better know your Arkest Mr. Because you sure is a Matthew Broderick is Jewish. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody knew that. He's very easy. He's Jewish. How do you like that? He's already Kevin Klein. Yeah. David Dubcubney. Lover Downey, Jr. Oh brother, I'd explain it. Yeah. Well, let's get over it. Okay. I'm skipping over it. There's like 75 million million. Jennifer Jason Lee. It is all these Jews. I know. So many Jews in so little time. That's what I was going to say if you went today. Cindy Margollis. No. Why am I going to? I got some good time. Sarah Jessica Parker. She's going to be there. Sean Penn. Sean Freak and Penn is Jewish. Yeah. Adam Sandler is Jewish. Oh, that's good. Yeah. I'm surprised that is. I know. But it's one thing to know what it's another thing to see in print. Rob Schneider. Right. So L.A. Sheady. I asked her how she was feeling. She said, kind of. How happy. John Stewart is Jewish. From the day she okay, we knew that. Ben Stiller was there for any time. He and always made. He was. I don't know. I don't know. Father. Right. Oh, and speaking of. Yes. Scott Wolf. Who was on party of five? Don't remember Scott Wolf. He was in the middle of the way. How big of a party? He was the brother. Now I think he was a sister. Okay. Jamie Lee Curtis is have Jewish and celebrates what she nicknames. Chronica, which he points out equals pure pressure. I say, I'm a Hungarian Jew. My grandmother, a God versus old. I'm hearing you. I'm my grandmother now. Well, I don't understand it. Well, she's going to be old. Tony Curtis was Jewish, wasn't he? Yes. Well, Bernie Schwartz. Daniel Day Lewis. Okay. Actor being Irish Jewish and Posh. Frant Dresher. That's a surprise. Harvey Firestein. Wait. Terry. Oh, wrong. Now, Frank in all this. Thank you so much. I'll go by every now and then. That's absolutely. Every now and then between calls. I'll go back to it. Yeah. Call my ass. Okay. I've got to help her run away. I thought I could have a horn. Yeah. Before we do the break, let's see what's in. Oh, here's some look at this. He's not that after all. We were worried about you, Sean. He says, here's a couple of minutes. He said, the first one to George by email, but either he didn't get it or he smith can. That was pretty good. But then again, I haven't inflated a penny of everything. It's frosted my brains or a loyons. He's from his brother. Even from his back, though. And he didn't get it. So his mystery emails have vanished into thin air. Probably a Jewish conspiracy note out. That's what I've been in. You guys are going to say, well, the truth is responsible for all the lost email in the world. Yeah, that's right. This is what your bell says. What does he know? Find him a radio. Would you place? No, I better not. How's Chris Jones doing? Anybody seen him since we started this thing this morning? No. He is as useless as breast on a forling hot pan. Okay. You know what I mean? I'll make use of that. They might look good, but you can't touch him. Two hot to handle. Twelve hundred eighty votes. We're going to have thirteen hundred before noon. This is a shocker, you know? I think it's because they missed me so bad yesterday. Not. They really enjoyed your show yesterday, George. They did. You had a wee. I can tell by the response. I know you had so many more people listening than usually when you're on, you know, on the internet. That's because I thought it was you. No. No, usually when you're on you have, you know, but 10 people. No seriously. They loved it. It must be because it was more than anti religious thing. You must be advancing the populous today. Yes, I was. With all those raggants. All those schmotha heads. All of the above. Yeah. I want to about the if wouldn't that have been a logical response to that. What about the acquisition of the question? Certainly one person say that that all of her got in. Kiss a peep. And of course in the Old Testament, God told the Jews about in kill all their enemies. Every single one doesn't say single one of them. Didn't even make them at all for they couldn't refuse. No. He told Abraham to kill a son if you recall that. That's right. But that was a psych. The test. I mean, was he a psych. The possibility is already dead. Oh, sorry. How do you like that? That's the religion is man. All they know how to do is brain wash and kiss a peep. That's it. And take your money. Of course. Thanks for your. Thanks exempt. You religion. You get schmoth. All the gets keys. They need to be eliminated. Which should leave the lot of room for the rest of us. Lot of first year. 17 till Luna Q and you know sometimes it's the things you can't see that can hurt you. When sound for it. For 28 years. I've used him for over 20 years in my own homes. Dry concepts is the best at dry cleaning your carpets and making looks just like brand new. When you drag clean your carpets. You can clean today and retain tonight. It's for true. Carpets stay cleaner longer with no sticky residue left behind. And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, you won't be left alone like we are by the sales department. And don't forget the dry concepts are also the experts when it comes to water damage restoration. Good to keep in mind during hurricane season. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your own business right within 24 to 72 hours. It's well, indeed. I get choked up just a bit about it. Just thinking about Chris Jones. I get choked up. To top it all off, dry concepts has got to stick to the art oriental ruckling and plant the old and clean. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. And then you can see the whole thing. Sores is August Terraplaught is a fiction underscoring police failures written by NaFes Osmed. British Army experts can't doubt on liquid explosives threat. I'll kind of never had an in the fund in the UK. The Tenacrill written, retired Lieutenant Colonel Nigel Wilde, not related to Oscar Wilde. A former senior British Army intelligence officers suggested that the police and government story about the Terraplaught revealed August 10th was part of a pattern of lies and deceit. British and American government officials have described the operation which resulted in the rest of 24 Northland British Muslim suspects as a resounding success. 13 of the suspects have been charged and two released without charges. According to security sources, the Terraplaught's best were fined and board up to ten civilian airliners and detonate highly volatile liquid explosives on the plans in a spectacular terrorist operation. The liquid explosives either TATP, Triastatone, Trackaroxide, DADP, Diastatone, Diferoxide, or less sensitive, I guess you're hiding in your diapers. I guess, or less sensitive, HMTP, textomethylene, Tri-Peroxide, Diamine, were reportedly to be made on board the plans by mixing sports drinks with a peroxide based household gel and then be detonated using an MP3 player or mobile phone. But Lieutenant Colonel Wilde was awarded the Queen's Gountry Mental for his command to be the Elfastic Sance disposal unit in 74. Described this scenario as fiction. Creating liquid explosives is a highly dangerous and sophisticated tasky he says, one that requires not only significant chemical expertise, but also the appropriate equipment. The idea that these people could sit in the plain toilet and simply mix these together normal household fluids to create a highly explosive, a high explosive capable blowing up the interrogation on tenable. Let me see that again, on tenable. So Lieutenant Colonel Wilde who was trained in an examination technical officer responsible for terrorist bomb disposal at the Royal Army Ordnance Camps in San Furst. After working as a bomb, the fuseer in Northern Ireland Lieutenant Colonel Wilde became senior officer in the British Army in 1777 during the Cold War he collected in Teldas's part of undercover East German liaison unit and then he went on to develop a bubble. Who cares? So who came up with the idea that a bomb could be made on board? Not all kind of for sure it wouldn't work. In law and as interested in success, not the turns by failure he said. The story has been blown all out of proportion that liquids would need to be carefully distilled of freezing temperatures to extract the required chemicals which are very difficult to obtain in the purity needed. Once the fluids have been extracted, the process of mixing them produces significant amounts of heat and vile fumes that resulting liquid then needs some hours of room temperature for the white crystals that are the explosive to develop. The whole process which can take between 12 to 36 hours is very dangerous even in the lab and can lead to premature detonation since Lieutenant Colonel Wilde. If there was a conspiracy yet it didn't involve manufacturing explosives in the Lou as this simply did not have worked in the Lou. The process would be quickly and easily detected. The fumes of the chemicals in the toilet would be smelt by anybody in the area smelt. They'd be melted and we smelted. Well do you see that? The space shuttle man they got sourced out of the floating debris outside of the normal water. I think it's an evil door zone too. Or maybe it's a flying sausage. They would also inevitably cause the alarms in the toilet and the air change system in the aircraft to be triggered. The pilot has the ability to dump all the air from an aircraft as a firefighting measure leaving people to use oxygen mass. All this means the plants and tech will be detected long before the cues outside the Lou and go into enormous lengths. The cue and the Lou. How do you like that? That means one. It's on our website. Read it. Read it in weep. You realize by a new we're going to have over 13 number votes. Excellent. They see even George says excellent. What's he usually says who cares? Who cares? Who cares? He was a cramp. We don't want to read about the dead people in the aircraft. No more than propaganda Neil. Nobody wants you about dead bodies in Iraq. Okay. It's bad. It's just propaganda. That's right. Just more than anti-bush crap that you keep spewing. Speaking of our friend. I've been waiting to read this one. Millsford Connecticut. A man who claims he had a heart attack during a dispute over an ill-fitting a herpes. That didn't. Oh, but it matches her color. It's suing the way shop. There's nothing worse than an ill-fitting herpes. You know what I'm saying? That's correct. Sorry. Little slow. Oh no. Let's see. What about that? The doctor that performed the surgery on Jay Seedless dump. Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP. The doctor who performed the surgery. Let's think about that. This is the same. Why? He was doctor. I don't know who he was. Do you enjoy color? I'm not sure. I'm not sure where he went. I'm not sure where he went. Did he go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is that doctors can't tell how long Jay is going to be at? No, you're not sure. Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere there. While he had the world with your QM. Paul Lewis claims he suffered a heart attack that happened refusing to pay for the hairpiece that was not only the wrong size, but also the wrong color. He's seeking more than $15,000 in damages. Lewis filed a counter-suton superior court after Paul's wig boutique of orange. filed a small plan to act in seeking color hours in payment for the hairpiece. Lewis claims he fell in December 2004 after Paul Award. The owner of the wig shop threatened to call police because he refused to pay. Lewis told a good post that would sold him the hairpiece in a dark and room. He didn't realize it was the wrong color until later. He said he put a stop on a payment on a check-ashe to the shop. What said he had no idea why? Lewis suffered a heart attack over the incident. And then he was so happy with the hairpiece when he left the shop that he hugged me and thanked me. He said he had a better shop as brightly lit and Lewis left the hairpiece during the day. He said he looked at the moment and then he was laid around. He came like in that comedian routine. When some people used to leave home in a morning, they looked in the mirror and looked at me. He was really spiffy. Then he came in and worked. Everyone was like that. 133 votes, tanks roll in the bank, cocktail and a room or a coup. No one seems to know exactly why that's happening as I mentioned. What does that have to do with who killed John Beney? He had to do with the tank, the Thai Prime Minister. He was not happy with why Anna Nicole's kid died. Do you ask that you when General Assembly are telling those things that we are all? He looked pretty much at the time of that anyway. He had that fake letter. He was standing pretty bad. He don't usually look your best at death. You look like, I don't know that. I don't know what River Phoenix looks like when he was dying on the sidewalk. He was Jewish. Not a good time for people in their die. He's only one thing about the females on earth and said you're much anyway. Like Paul O'Dowell. What does that mean? Turn code. But at least when you see the Jewish males on the earth, He has one thing when you find out the Jewish. I want to get to person. I don't want to get to person. I don't get to person. They get to person. They get to person. Maybe that's why they called a River Phoenix. Maybe what that whole family got those bizarre names. Princess Winterfell, summer string and rain. How does Joaquin feel about that? I don't know. Very careful. He there were pictures. 13. Yeah, that could be it. There were some names on there. Some Julio name. And it sounded a little suspicious to me. Got a bunch of them. James Franco. There's a good Jewish guy. He's a certain respect. And Italian Jew. I have that guy. Get out of here. Why? Because his name is Franco. How about a Spanish Jew man? How about French? He's a Franco. He wouldn't know Italian. That's right. See? He could be a Spendard. Could be a Cuban Jew. He could be. We got tons. No, you know. We were full of Schmidt. 790. Oh, don't mind. No, take a personal Jew. 790. Oh, hey, 2008. I hate this pool. 97.74 percent. That person's a little bit too hot. We don't. We take a number to that. Okay. I think it's a fine pool. I bet you even shone out there. Thanks. It's a fine pool. And even though I've created the full things. It's pretty good. Me. Kindness 81. And love. How many people are saying religions? We're just to leave people. People. Not to the man. Oh, love. Yeah. Full of crap. You got a right baby. Over 60 percent. Oh, the time Prime Minister declared a state of emergency is unresteads bang cock. Should it have been put on him involving us? What does she say? What were you she said? And a power. Oh, she said something been put on him. Her, her, him. It got. I sound a little bit more incoherent. Because I probably should be back in bed. Thanks a lot, Clarence. 825 this morning. I came in here feeling great. After about three minutes with you. It was like, uh, I'm dying on the hands. The TV's being soaked. That's how I stood this is. I could have followed my two minds. We're waiting on. We're finally going to shoot. Okay. Damn. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q8 down. Get through just got back today. That jerk, to you who used to play. Like nobody else, not in any way. But man, it's still thing Jerry Jones is crazy. The boys are back to clown, the boys are going down. And to the boys are back to clown, how there's noise in down the stairs. You know that jerk who used to dance a lot. Every time he got me in, he's over to start being in his sock. Man, he thought he was cool, but he was really not. What a joke that several moments. And that time at the Cowboys play. When you dance, the little girl would have destroyed. They're never grand over and got on his face. And now he thinks they won't forget it. The boys are back to clown, the boys are going down. I said, the boys are back to clown. The boys are down. That's a joke that's been hanging out. This is always around. The boys are back to clown. The boys are going down. Tom, I'll show you man, he's a real credit. Didn't he just the bus is pinkier or something in this past weekend? Oh, T.O. Oh, he's gonna show you the bill. You can't tell. I don't know. I beg your pardon. I was wondering if Dalton was paying attention to. In other words, you have it. You've been listening to this radio station for me seven? Yeah, sure. Well, get with it. These are the kind of two things you should know. One is all about T.O. and the other one is... Okay, it's BOO! That part I got. Oh, I clear. Yeah. Thirty-one to seven. My God, that sounds like a little girl's team to me. Today, I'm going to play in a vaster or some school for the blind this weekend. Would it play an FIU? He used to. Oh, he used to min FIU. No, I thought he used to look up a more recent. Oh, I'm sorry. You have to be at least like a real team. I don't think they have any more real teams on the schedule. They don't want to schedule too many real teams on here. Don't surely leave my kid or Nick here's in a while. Because it also something I think she was right. We didn't want that on her because hervacanes don't have balls. They did not belong in a billboard on that ad campaign. Nice going, Donna. You idiot. You, uh... You're fair, Amy Act. Not fooling anybody sweetheart. Maybe she's got balls, but not the hurried cans. Speaking of people without balls, when Vyacam came from some of the redstone set of Tom Cruise's personal conduct as the reason for killing his production deal with Paramount. The 83-year-old locals can't or what Hollywood. But radar has learned Redstone may have let Cruise off easy, especially in light of allegations he acted as fast goons from the Church of Scientology to intimidate Redstone's studio chief in Brad Gray. Rimes with a day. How do you like that? Uh, huh? According to a high-ranking media exec Paramount pictures Hanjo Gray had a highly unpleasant run in with a church during his tens of negotiations with Cruise over mission impossible three. And remember what Michael Jackson proud was going on? And he had those goons there. Uh, they should have his lawn. Baby. Yeah. Gray who had recently joined the studio and her the touch to turn it to make Cruise accept the smaller share of the gross revenues. Then he had from the first to installments in the franchise. For those films he acted reportedly to come in on her out 30% of the total revenue. Not 30 minutes. Leaving the office 190, diminutive Gray, walking to his car in the Perman lap, suddenly found himself surrounded by more than a dozen Scientologists. Wow. Who pressured him to ease up on the actor court of the source. How do you like that? See, Tommy's got his buttocks, he may not be so much of himself. He's got his butch bunk bunk buddies, baby. Tough guys. It doesn't ever? Yeah. Not 30 dozen. This guy's about three feet tall. This guy. Following a tourist exchange, the visit is loud, Gray to get into his car, Lee. But the message was clear. Like Joey Zaza, you know, sent a message. So he was under by the incident sources, say, grey stood his ground after protracting negotiations. Cruise eventually agreed to a less generous deal. We either grain her perm, I responded to repeated queries. But a spokeswoman from the Church of Scientology disputes report saying, the Church has nothing to do with anybody's business affairs. But to many Hollywood veterans, the incident is reminiscent of another recent back-lot battle. In the late 90s, John Travolta, who is still there in the closet with Tommy and with our Kelly. Lobby'd reluctant former Fox Studio chief Bill mechanic to produce, oh, I'm under he was Kimed to a Mechanics. He had signed his, although, a Scientologist all over me, mechanical radar last year, they come up to you and they know who you are. Despite the religions reputation for intimidating incentives, mechanical aggray was unswayed. You think in any way, shape or form that we're doing the others going to make me want to make this movie, he said. And, of course, the answer is, oh, we sure hope not. How do you like that? John Travolta, another closet case. Sir didn't crowd in there, you know? This fog just hanging out in there, condom pleaser, and colder with a big Adam's apple. I've actually there having a real gay old time in there, and our Kelly, got a bunch of huge caps and a few haids pretty soon. In fact, you know something he might just take a page out of those good religious people, you know? If they pissed him off enough, I think inside the closet he might just kill some people. 13.24. We got one, two, three, four, you know what it's in, we were in the strange order. Don't confuse Willis now, he went to you in. Most religious people are full of Schmidt, 7.97, 60.1%, they're full of hate, 3.15, either one take your choice. I hate this pool 98, too bad, we love it. I wonder if that's, you think that's the Jesus crowd, the God and Swad or just you know, all of this, the usual mouth contents. They're full of kindness, 83. Well, I'm not going to start giving it out. I guess they're going to do it out slowly. And full of love, 31. Oh yeah. The Lord Jesus loves you. What is show you? In fact, the Catholic church they like showing you it like a little hands-on love. Yeah. It's for you. The lay-in-all of hairs. Yeah. Only is not supposed to put your hands on breakfast. That's beside the point. Deadly harvest, patri-cober and an avatar, rice, the Lebanese fields, the son with cluster bombs. That's the Lesbinies. It says the war, Lebanon has not ended. Every day, some of the median bomb looks which were far by Israeli artillery during the last three days at the conflict. Killed four people in southern Lebanon and won many more, every day. The casually figures will rise sharply in the next month, as villagers begin the harvest, picking all us from trees, whose leaves and branches hide bombs that explode at the smallest movement. Lebanon's farmers are caught in a deadly dilemma to risk the harvest or leave the produce on which they depend to rotten the fields. In a coma in a hospital bed in a bathier-lic who sane-all Ali-asmod, well, I said it, it needs some help within names, you know. A 70-year-old man from the village of Yomor, he was pruning an orange tree outside his house last week when he dislodged a bomblet. It exploded, sending pieces of streptin on it, who was brain-longed in the kidneys. I know he can hear because he squeezes my hand when I talk to him, said his daughter, Suwa, and she sent me his side or father's bed in a hospital. At least 83 people have been killed by cluster munitions since the ceasefire court to independent monitors. Some Israeli officers are protesting the use of cluster bombs, each containing 644 small but lethal bomblets, against civilian targets in Lesbinaun. A commander in the MLRS, multiple orange rocket systems unit, told the Israeli Daily Harits, that the army had fired 1,800 cluster rockets spraying 1.2 million bomblets over houses and fields. In Lebanon, recovered entire villages with cluster bombs, he said, what we did there was crazy and monstrous. What makes the cluster bombs so dangerous is that the 30 percent of the bomblets don't let them in effect. They can live for years, often difficult to see because of a small size on roofs, in gardens, in trees, besides roads or in rubbish, waiting to explode when disturbed. Maybe even in somebody's room, in Abbottia, the modern 100-bed government hospitals received 19 victims of cluster bombs since the end of the war. As we arrived, the new per-appation Osmod Sabah, see they need help for those names, he did the first name as Osmod or the middle name. Osmod Osmod, Muhammad. And life technician at the hospital was being rushed into the emergency room, a Berlin man or 45 was unconscious on a stretcher, that's a Berlin man, not a early man. Earlier in the morning, he had gone up to the flat roof of his house and checked the water tank. While there, he must have touched the pile of logs he was keeping for winter fires. There's a message for our new kids out there, don't touch your log. Unknown to him, a bomblet had fallen to the wood pile a month earlier, the large shield of him from the full force of the blast, but when we saw him, doctors were stood up trying to find out the extent of his injuries. For us the war is still going on though there was a ceasefire on 14 August and Dr. Hassan Wazney, the director of the hospital. If the cluster bombs are all exploded at the time they landed, it wouldn't be so bad, but they're still killing and maiming people. The bomblets may be small, but they exploded with devastating force on the morning of the ceasefire. Taadi had tabbed, and 11-year-old Void was brought down to the hospital. He must have been holding the bomb close to him, Dr. Wazney said, it blew off his hands and legs and the lower part of his body. We went to your mortified war who, saying, aliafamed or received his terrible wounds while pruning his orange tree, the villages at the end of a broken road, 6 miles north of Nebetea, and as overlooked by the ruins of Beaufort Castle, a crusade of fortress on a ridge above the deep valley along Wichulotani River Rans. Israeli bombians and shells have turned about a third of the houses in Yomor and to concrete sandwiches, one for a falling at top of another are the impact of explosions, some families camp in the ruins. Pileges said that they were most worried by the cluster bombs still infesting their gardens, roofs, and fruit trees, and the village street and were the wide vehicles of the Manchester-based mines advisory group whose teams are trying to clear the bomblets. It's not an easy job, especially without Diana. Whenever members of one of the magazine finds and removes a bomblet, they put a stick-painted red on top and then yellow on the ground. There are so many of these sticks that look as if some sinister planet they can root and is flourishing in the villas, kind of like the Donald Suggle and Movie there. Invasion of the body stand. The cluster bombs all ended in the last days of the war said new har had jazzy, surprisingly cheerful 65-year-old woman. There were 35 on the roof of our house and 200 in our garden so we can't visit our all of trees she said. People in Yomor depend on their all of trees and the harvest should begin now before the rains, but the trees are still full of bomblets. My husband and I can make 20 cans of oil here, which we need to sell is how jazzy said now we don't know what to do. The sheer number of their bomblets makes it almost impossible to move them all. Frederick Gross, a demining expert former in the French Navy, who is leading the mag teams in Yomor's and the year in North of the Lothani River, we have three years before people being killed every day by cluster bombs. It is really Army knows that 30 percent of them. All of these things, but third man. Do not explode at the time that their fire has so to become anti-personnel minds. Why did this really Army do it? The number of cluster bombs fired must have been greater than 1.2 million because in addition to those fired on rockets, many more were fired in 155 millimeter artillery shells. One is ready gunner said he been told the flood the area which they were firing were given on specific targets. Mr. Gross, who personally refuses 160 to 100 bomblets a day, this is the first time he has seen cluster bombs used against heavily populated villages. An editorial in horror said that the mass use of this weapon by the Israeli defense forces was a desperate last minute attempt to stop his bullets rocket firing in northern Israel. Whatever the reason for the bomb barmen, the villagers and south Lebanon will suffer death and injury from cluster bombs as they pick their olives in orange years to come. That would teach him a thing or two, I think he can go attack his real life. He may as well do us again no more. 1340 votes on the poll of his scandalous. The biggest name of the best challenge of this is wheel rotors, force radio 560, you and him. Then to palmanor, cover is over this performance by the dolphin. Absolutely. There. Oh, right. Oh, my God. My amy has the dolphin's there the worst football team. They club the ball from gold to gold like the ones ever seen blue. There on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say my amy, they're talking toilet holders. They're the pionny dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. I'my jeans and the leeks. I already choose my amy dolphins. I amy dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. Their coaches are to tell them to put them day in their jock. Then they would run much faster and even into feet. When we go to the stadium, we'll see my amy, And they're the pionny dolphins. My amy dolphins number. I'my jeans and the leeks. I already met my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. My amy has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans. I've got 50,000 apples sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing right then bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be so bad. And rich and there the pionny dolphins. I amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. How many jeans and the leeks? I amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to booze. I hear the crowd begin to booze. The dolphins have day fever. That quarter, facts that you run down the field And he will go up past over you. I'll never win a super bowling should be surprised. When he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised. And there the pionny dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. I'my jeans and the leeks. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. She calls her signals and he booze. All the dolphins have no teeth and send their offenses at Joe. My George Bush E.B. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always do so point to when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on. My singa's ugly face and they're the pionny dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. How about the help? 32. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins now they're free. I'my dolphins. Oh. Including those in the muscle world. Yeah there you go. The dolphins getting beats the team to the muscle world. I like that. There's your present at the UN. Look at like the bosom they really is talking out of the corner of his mouth like John Cricin. You only wish you had John Cricin. I'll see that right now. When leaders are accountable to the audience. Cricin. Look what you got. Look what we got now on my guy. I'm 13. I'm at full. So I had to love Google list because obviously my yellows useless. We're kind of anything. I said, who's an offence play this week? We're going to lose two. Kind of thing. Oh they're going to get their ass kicked. I know the Patriots played Denver. I think Denver scored what six points suddenly. Sure. Bronco. You know anything is going on beside the freaking dolphins and the teens. The keys and the dolphins, the fish and the swish. So all you know man. So all I know. All you know is Castro went to fish. And his spaghetti brother. That's making her old. Anyway the headline on the stress is. Owen's finger is screwed. And I'm thinking, well wouldn't be the first time. Terrell Owen's man. Terrell Owen's played in the Super Bowl for Philadelphia. Seven weeks after getting a plate and several screws put in his ankle. Now he's hoping another plate and three more screws in his right hand. Let him play against the Eagles on October the 8th. Owen's had a plate screwed into his broken right ring finger during an operation last night. As we covered time is expected to two to four weeks. They selected to do an eye can to rejoin Dallas in 20 days to as much anticipatory turn to Philadelphia. Oh yeah. Cowboys are off Sunday then they played Tennessee before the game against the Eagles. I like to hear his about him. He gives me skill fees man. All of his matches. And for most the piece. But not quite. Forced labor for Palestinian children is really prison. Here you go again. We're going to proper. Yeah. Can't I kiss that to you? A little bit neal. No. No kissy kissy baby. Call of Steve came and see if he can be a little more Jewish. That was one of the great cause in history of talk radio. Steve. Can you be a little more Jewish from some alpha babbage cano down. Many Palestinian children is really tell mom prison are being exploited by forced labor in which they must work eight hours for a few shackles as we've put by the prisoners information center. One of the children may this statement after his release. The prison administration is forced all prisoners in a tell mom prison work eight hours for very low wages. It would not be the Israeli soldiers came to the chambers at seven and forced us to go with our legs tied with chains. The child out of it is jobless to stand under guard in packed plastic spoons and boxes. Even injured political prisoners are forced to work according to Friday's neblis face report. A former prisoner stayed and I had a broken bone but the soldiers forced me out of my cell to work anyway without any consideration for the pain. There are about 375 Palestinians in tell mom prison with most of them being children. The oldest Palestinian in tell mom is 22 years old. The child laborers are given two meals per every 24 hours. The child laborers are given a total of 11 pm and under 6 an a.m. Israeli prison officials also attempt to restrict information from children regarding members of the armed resistance and engaging frequent psychological abuse. According to the information center, there are 200 children less than 16 years old in Israeli prisons being subjected to some of the worst forms of exploitation and emulation. A total of 376 Palestinian children currently imprisoned in Israeli prisons and he's consenting. I'm sure that being abused lightly when you think the should of attack is worth. There you go. That will teach him. Who now see who wrote that? Oh, this is in the bank religious independent news source. No, wait a minute. Does this and then I want to do that? Oh, yeah. That's enough of your anti-Israel propaganda anyway. George puts me up to those anyway. He sends me those stories. No, that's right. That's me. Not. A bravely serving side by side with you against the extremists who want to bring down the free government. You've established. Yeah. Pop. And the fact that he's got five points in a poll now in USA Gallup poll that is about $4.44. What does that tell you? Is Zyna America, baby? You got it. Just like Doug Thompson says, the shame that embarrassed and humiliated. God. Oh, does that hurt about the Pope from the Bangladesh independent news source? I guess I got to say it after the break. He knows very short. I don't want to like rush through it. I'm saying, but I do rush. Oh, I could use some drugs. If I go ahead and said, feel fine. So what's the answer to my question about that account this morning? I was like, yeah. See, this is a thing about him. He's just not in response of you know? It would be one thing if I was asking him to find $100 bills on cherry trees in the backyard or something or $5,000 bills on the back of a orange or a citrus trees. But the fact that a matter is he has very simple questions and you don't get a bad answer. You don't get any answer. That's the QMF in Wade, baby. This guy is no real content. We've been non-composed weeness. He's like that Chinese guy man. Non-composed weeness. No, the biggest name is so the best talent. It's the biggest is we are rockers. Force Radio 560, you A.M. Oh my god, you're breath beautiful. Coming up tonight, uninsigned behind the true Hollywood celebrity music choir for pro-file story. They were the first super group of the 80s. It was an incredibly heavy burden to bear. Although compared to say global warming, not that big a deal. They were Asian. Dang, boy, after the gate, we were number one. But our second album died completely. What happened? That police and Michael Jackson, that's what happened. Sounding member Steve Howe was not prepared for thriller and synchronicity. Two albums that so dominated the 1984 charts as to crush a lesser more annoying band, like Asia. Sting reflects on those heavy days. Well, yeah, we really had a shower. Oh, got you, stinging. You get back here, Steve Howe and basically like a man. For the past 25 years, Steve Howe has been lying in wait for Sting. Never missing an opportunity to pop off from behind the building in Punish him for ruining Asia's Kansas at success. That's where Michael Jackson, howe was carried out a similar systematic plan to tople him in revenge for outselling Asia's sophomore ever. Belly BD, how may I help you? Yes, hello, I'm a bad and innocent boy. And Michael Jackson got me. Who is this? Hello? Well, I guess we better investigate the insane affiliation. Asia, so afraid of lame themselves. They lash out at others. Hey, just like the White House. It's a big juicy, soft-and-mood look at your business tonight. What do you say about Michael's vassal and veteran vesting if he's in his allegations? Is that what he said? Yeah. 1233 at five, 16. He's still hot going to try and take the U.N. Your efforts to come together. And there's condom please, I said no, it would have blanks, some look on her face. Well, and there's John Bolton next to you when I think you're ugly. I'm not saying I'm cookie-duster. Oh my god, what a joke. A state of emergency has been declared should be in the U.S. It's a state of emergency while we're watching this, but in Thailand, and what is why we thought to be military coups for vresses in Bangkok? Tanks have blocked roads surrounding the headquarters of Thailand's government without explanation according to what comes by witnesses. Oh, two bad John Mark Harp and be there to see it. Witnesses are reportedly told new. In fact, he's probably behind us when you think. I'd imagine. Witnesses are reportedly told the news agencies that the tanks inexplicably arrive when the street protests against Prime Minister Thaxin Shienawatra will follow by Army TV broadcast at pictures of the royal family and songs associated with pass military coups. Cool cool coup could chew. At a fair bank account under a severe state of emergency, Shienawatra said that a day from the U.S. or is it the U.N. listening to boys? It should choice as well. That may be it's pretty revolting in itself. Soon after the time military and police announced an arid message to media, they are in control unlike Alexander Hague. I'm in control here at the White House. And if set up a commission for political reform, as unclear, currently whether this means the military believes it sees control exactly in behalf of the Prime Minister's government. Thank you, other sirens at the back here, where even here, they started going off. Shienawatra is planning to return to Bangkok on Thursday. To end the election, scheduled the nation for October 15. You know what happens when there are elections scheduled? I'll help break the loose. First, I can just break the loose between now and November 7. Even though the journey demands courage. On the one of your live before I get to know the thing about the only mean minded religious leader can spread hatred. Before I get to that, your release favored company in the world, I think. Walbert. Yeah. The nation's largest retailer and biggest employer Walmart will begin a program next week. They'll provide voter registration and educational materials to the company's 1.3 million employees. The capital-held newspaper that he'll reports today. The Arkansas-based companies come under fire from labor union, democratic leaders over Asia such as hourly wages, legal status of employees, benefits given to the company's workers, and the fact that there are a bunch of grave robbers. Democratic politicians, including minority leader Harry Reid, have criticized Walmart. And it's personnel policies. Walmart representatives insist that campaign is non-partisan. Walmart's voter registration education programs could be among the biggest in the country. Now, not as big as those of its labor union opponents, the AFLCO, for example, has got nearly 13 million members. The company's decision appears to be a response to several high-profile Democrats in Food and Harry Reid, and 4, 2008 Democratic presidential hopefuls who participate in a labor-organized anti- Walmart campaign this summer, and good for them. Do you go boys, girls? Whatever you might be. What's kind of crazy, don't you go, Pai? He's trying to find the door out. Do you see that? No. She's lost, baby. I think there was something really symbolic about that. She was spinning around in circles. That song will go around in circles. Who did that? No, he'd be impressed. We've been through that before when you got it. I know you can do it. She couldn't find the door out. She couldn't find her ass with your hands at bitch. Condemned and pleased in my ass. Nasty looking Gattooth's like, What a talk of her, very nice. It was actually nice job, you know. I'm sorry, I'm too much for hands. Okay, she was spinning around in circles like a, like a drail. Wrong holidays sweetheart. That's the Chanukah time, bitch. 1390s we vote's maintenance audience is just all brawled and burdened together. The show continues and hell, by the way. That's my punishment. No, my punishment is the show continues and hell. I can read no more articles. I got to take all four hours a day. Hey, Miguel Bielosen, he'll be there. Today we'll make sure that. Today we'll make sure that all the anti-cancer people go to hell. That's probably what there's not an indigene. There'll be a leader's lunch. But I mean, but I'm sure that they're not going to be in their falafel together. Only a mean minded religious leader can spread hatred rights to somebody. Does it even have a name on it? No, it's just a natural and bank with issues. New the new nation newspaper. It said the best we'd be like among Muslim back is what have been just to ignore them, contenturously for their insanity. But that's not the way religious people react. Oh, good religious people, right? They kill some people. One may differ and say that if anti-Muslim or outside of be taken so rationally, then the religious suffer of lost its appeal and deeper meanings. What are the deeper meanings? The remarks of the head of the Roman Catholics worldwide, Pope Benedict XVI, is facing anger of Muslims all over the world over the Resurmarcians Islam. Maybe the other phones ring again, but tell me another package. Maybe the Pope has been used taking advantage of his ignorance when he said Not from his own knowledge or conviction, according a 14th century visiting emperor, showed just what Muhammad brought that was new and there were fine things only even in human, such as the command spread by the sword the faith he preached. What is most in the manices that a head of religion had a quote an ancient emperor to make the ragnature of Marx against another religion. The Pope could have relied on his own knowledge of religions and speak about the virtues of his own religion. No wonder many are attacking his ignorance in any mode of behind such reference to one ancient visiting emperor said about Islam. It is natural that Muslim anger is growing at the Pope's point. Muslims demand an apology from him for an ancient Islam comments. It announced the issue that Pope Benedict XVI never intended any offensive Muslim religion. The truth is many well-meaning ignorant persons have done many evils over long history of mankind. The world has to catch them to watch them carefully and stop them before it's too late. Stop them. What must not be ignored is that Muslims are brave people and they can't do the second largest religion in the world. Across the Middle East and the Middle East, Muslims must not be taken lightly. If the world has to be made a safe place to people belonging to other religions must learn to be civilized with Muslims, Islam is a religion of peace. But at the same time Islam is against injustice and servitude. Muslims will fight state terrorism. We can send them in our helpful state as militarily. Watch out for that Vatican army, baby. That's wish guard. It says conspiracy against Islam is a wrong path for peace. Those who are following the wrong path are paying a heavy price. It says, sounds like an asshole of veiled shred to me from people who know their veils. In fact, I think their favorite singer is Jerry Veiled. 1403, oh, that phone's ringing again. The biggest name of the best talent for the existence of the real rotors, the squash radio 560, 18M. A-B-L-U-M. A-B-L-U-M. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their grime. In Pearl Harbor, when the jacks dropped their box, we bumped them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our far, far little flanks waiting, has that song in love and retired voice of bombers, the wrong way. And on a farthest, the sea in America, where they find little boats like cheese, the United States of America, and by warship and family, breathing at this time of dream. Applying to us, if our dissapointing is still free, I don't want to be a tax-abmaritan in the US. Who has a... What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want that SUV to thrive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe, and anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to believe. And not embarrassed to be in America, where we take free all of it, we, we have a flag in one hand, with our head in the south, if lightly followed the power that he had the head take. And I thought the bread can go. Watching states from you, on a 65-inch screen, scratcher, five, everything's okay. It's thanks to Paul Scott, he's been changing us. You as say, he got to hear him about God Balls. What does this? 14 of 8 votes on a poll, maybe we're gonna make over 1500 by 2 o'clock today. If it's the last thing we do, we got Jim Mandogman, it should too. But it's in that great. Yeah. We have him back. He belongs to 2 o'clock in his grade. It's real. The power hour time to take a good shower and he can demand the dog. Don't drop the soap, though. I'm sure they use him body wash. 4 to 5. And what's the good body wash? What's that dial? The not the entire bacterial one. No, could be the entire bacterial anything man. It causes bacteria. I have to. I have to scrubbing. But this is also not those things in it. Oh, does it? Yeah. I like that. I just blew. I heard I'll look and see what it is. It's blue and it's got like, it's like a kind of a medium blue and it's got dark blue little moisture beads in it. It does it make you smell like a fruit. No. Get out of here. When I wear stuff like that. I have to cut. The hump or five to six. And then that doesn't make you smell like a fruit. What's an apricot? The dev doesn't make you smell like one. That's a joke. No, it's not. The hump or five to six to three five. More. Paralympans on deck. Or actually get a big audience. More listen. So the scene just about over thank God. They're going to have a job that gave it a heck of a shot. And they fell a little bit short. That's all like that Chinese guy. They were a little bit short. Marlins at the mess seven ten and I any can't do that. I see it still says sporting news network on here. But are we going to give me a spin radio and radio? Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do I miss on a very jackass. Remember we had that thing about his in today's hero? Hmm. On moment plays. By the way, the phone was that they're fine. They're coming today at two o'clock. The fixed that last a slang. That's a little bit of a made broke. And she finally admitted that she broke. Left to know here like it was my fault. I hear you kidding, honey. You illegally. And I'm going to have you sit right back to Samalia. Why is the fundamental way you live the service health? All illegal unions. Just one of those things. I wonder what kind of service they have in Samalia? Canadians. Let's see. Let me see this. Good thing. Okay. All of that is rules on QA. Right. Right. Oh, it's she did that before I get in. I got some good stuff here. Even Miguel might listen to it, but I doubt is he left yet. Oh, we gone. Oh, here we go. Disappointed South Florida fans speak their piece. Oh, this is about the, oh, are we cursed on it? That's what it is. I thought I had something to do with the radio stations. So we could pick on four Joel, find where you get. I'm sorry, Joel. I won't do it again until I feel like it. Who jackass you loser? loser with a big big L man. You guys suck your bad. And a Jimmy syphilis. Jimmy. You're fair. You're serious. Man, can you imagine Rick we were just rolling in his grave. Would Jimmy syphilis do in a not squeaking his way to the dolphin games? Mr. Weaver would be really peered. I think he is. On Quares Creek right now. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, listen to kid Rosenberg's theme cranks. Look at that. As once again, the hero keeps trying to prop them up. Feeling calls. Seven night in the ticket host, Sid Rosenberg cranks. This is the colors complaining about their teams Monday. Oh, poor baby. What? I wanted to be like you so much yesterday. We were the only alternative, not here in where. All day. Brian Costa writes in a hero this morning. Disappointed South Florida fans speak their peace. Fans come as a right on sports talk. She was about the Theresa of the Fees. Listeners ask, who do I go to to complain? Oh, go to the Lord. Go to Go to Go to Hell. You children. Sour losers may like the Leafs lost their first exhibition game in the Buffalo Fourth Lies. That I sat here. Sick is a dog. Watchin' a whole thing. They stunk. I complain about it today. You bet. They stink. It says if seven ninety the ticket was looking to capture the moot of South Florida. Oh, this is all about seven ninety. This ain't about us. They're the little hammer in there. A little hammer, huh? What do you eat now? Put a pig. Oh, cookie. If seven ninety the ticket was looking to capture the moot of the river. Another. Another one bites to us by Queen. Oh, Queen. You're fairie. You're a tax. And all of a sudden. Crap. So went today at Miami Sports Talk Radio Station where fans called into moron lament. And I said the most disastrous combined stuff for the sports weekend. And remember that other one man went ahead to a big game so it wasn't that long ago either. And her canes got their ass whipped and it often is lost bad. So you can, uh, a big deal. And the mar ones blew the forward league in the strike. They were at seven or three in the, uh, what love and thinning. Punish. Ten to 11. Next ritnings. And then theanya squared five runs in the bottom. grotesque error and embrace kick the rest all bad. It says some fans were able to vent directly to their team such as those who booed down a cult that friend that opens on Sunday and he played another neat game to me. Especially that nice interception there near the end. Or the lone fan would be stopped by polices. He would be rated you. Oh, I see. Be rated you. I'm athletic director Paul B. after the hurricane's loss at Louisville on Saturday. This is South Florida. Maybe if you don't win every game we hate you. Yeah, it's so perfect man. It is perfect for others that was sports radio WQM56. You don't have to remember us. I'm glad that whoever this show is Brian Costa. Remember the fact that that we, you know, we got like 50,000 times their audience. And seven ninety the ticket which has a working relationship with a hero. Oh, I see. Hellkilling. No Schmidt. Could have fooled me. Not callers in and day to the stations with complaint on issues ranging from U.M. Coach Larry Crocker's job. So this is only 100 years old. How old is he? My young buddy. Or so. 96 to when the dolphins off-est of where they're Mike Malarky should direct the offensive on the side line of the coaches. But that sounds like a bunch of Malarky to me. Larry Crocker is very business like him. I don't like that. So John Lupo 40 you know QAM. Jesse Limmon 25 talking about call pepper on the ticket said the guy looked like a schmuck. What kind of a comment is that? Is that some kind of a racial remark? He didn't say what color schmuck. Oh, I see. Michael's here really 40 set of the dolphins. It's terrible. It's terrible. Oh, you know what that reminds me of? What? It's terrible. Oh. It's just these guys. Nick and Johnson, whatever the heck it is. And the people I call it. They just like them. I like that they were on the, what a court. The weeds in their high and they're. I mean it's terrible. He is at up and look at listening to six of them. Oh, and now this year. What's it under? Oh, what's the under Nip in suds? I thought you were asking me what was that popping and fuking in the call. Oh, Nip and suds got it. Got it. The call is represented only a tiny fraction of all fans. And of course, you didn't turn fans loosely because in South Florida, you can't find very many real fans just about to, yeah, yeah. For actually most of this drop fraction, but there were nothing the money to keep to talk shows. Lively it says John Co. Pope will coproduce his ankle over his afternoon show on QAM. So the volume of calls Monday was high in vertical day after it often lost. We don't even have to ask for calls to give about the number of co. Said, well, guess what? We don't on this show either. Before going on the air, several colleagues had sports radio was a form of therapy for them. A place to release kind of frustration after any depression weekend. So I'm just going to stop you. No tickets today. Yeah. This is their lives. Okay. What do you people trying to say? I know that. It's that isn't the most pathetic thing. Who do I go to? Tommy Bush in 53 said, well, wait me go on the ticket. Wayne He's not going to listen. Who do I go to? Because your team sucks. Go to hell. One fan called Rose, although it didn't say Joe just rose. Isn't like Rose soldier like it's the first name. Joe rose on the swimming. And we're mad at listeners was only football and said, South Florida said, just enjoy watching it. Could be in a bunch of babies. Yeah, it never says Joe rose at a point in here. And all of a sudden, here's just rose. Yeah, though. Where does it say that before I did I read Joe rose? He skipped over it. Get out of here. It doesn't say, oh, yeah. Joe rose began. South Florida Great Depression continues. Long fan, another car of the Rose show began by seeing him on the beach. It was gloomy and continuing to go herely for about a minute before Rose got them off. We're going to have to put that guy in suicide watch. Rose produces that cranscript off the air. He watched your backpack. Let's see. But we put it up for nothing interesting. And that's the volume of calls to light of the radio stations. But the level of criticism became exhausting even for the host to agree with it. As he left the ticket studio after a show Monday rose rubbed his hand across his forehead and exhale, I can only do so much negative stuff he said I really can't. I mean, he won't be over there very long. That whole experience over there is pretty negative. He wants out of there. I'm here in. Well, we did hear that. Remember, of course, maybe not anymore. But right. Who was it he was shooting with real band? He was shooting with somebody. That's a target. Oh, is Dan Lobaster that he didn't have a light poison? Well, anybody that doesn't have Dan Lobaster's got to be an idiot. Which is why that's when we dropped the boisterman. When we discovered that those two were really, really tight. And we're like, they're consorting together doing that only. It was one. Those two. Fourteen hundred and thirty two votes. Most religious people are full of crap. Schmidt, 863 over still over 60%. See, even the God squad can't get under 60. People make up these silly ass bubble magazines. These ridiculous fairy tales. Well, you know, any of you just stop and think about it. Okay. Okay. Yes, that it was shown on NBC news at the end. Did you see the statement about the pandabers? No. I was going to call it a live with a falling on him and all QC. It was cute. Now, what did God invent the pandabers for? Huh? To eat the bamboo. I was at it. Somebody's got to eat it. I was trying to eat the bamboo shoots. The Muslims just shoot. And they, yeah. Yeah. And the Chinese eat the bamboo shoots. It's like the shoots too. Hey, 348. I hate this pearl 91. See, 7%. Probably religious to get you. Probably good God during people. You know what? We fear the God during people like crazy. Be afraid. You know, the Chinese 87-polar kind. It's oh, yeah. One is a, and love only 33. So many 233. That's pathetic. 33 out of 1432 votes. Only 33 people say religious people are fully loved. Yeah. Full of love. Think they have a strange way of showing them. No. Biggest name. So best talent to the faces. The real Rodgers. Fort radio 560. You ain't in. But it's the one to two hours. And the Chinese 87-polar kind. Finally you're seated. That's okay. I guess those big brain times have just begun. I guess that's why your rank rings. They want no one to see. Oh, I guess that's why your rank rings. They want no one to see. But if they lose no kids you are. Baby don't lose your love. Don't you ever lose your all, yeah. And those things will come from work with someone else. Baby don't lose your love. If it's too well make you want. See the past works waiting that up better. Or you go. Baby don't lose your love. Baby don't lose your love. I would say watching Katie Kurt doing blues on the evening news on CBS is almost. It's like about a half a step away from watching people play poker. Do you know what? Those shows are on now. That's all. About a thousand people shows all over the place. The world series of poker. And I like I told you. And I mentioned it when I was in. I guess I couldn't imagine because it was none yesterday. They had the super Saturday CBS Sports Spectacular. And while it was the first segment that they had under in the Sports Spectacular. The poker is a sport sport my ass baby. 14 or 14 six votes on a pool. Now you mentioned this to me before to show it. I never thought I would mention it but there's part of this that you weren't aware of. Mickey, Hargity, dying. Yeah. Actor in World Champion bodybuilder in a real big ugly guy who was married in the 50s to sex starring Jane Mansfield. I thought she wasn't she had blonde hair and she had huge boobs. That's right. And that was about it. She was reading that for her. Anyway, he was married to her in the 50s and whose daughter is Emmy winning actress Mariska Hargitay has died. He was any. He didn't know about Mariska. Sure. I never heard of her. What if she knew? She knew if? And everybody? She ever knew well what's his name? Very Watson. No. Very Watson. What else you got to do with very Watson? Very. Very. Very Watson. My ass. James Franco. Oh, who don't needs very Watson when you got James Franco. All right. One picture. Again. Why did you do that? You know, why don't you have to brush my butt like that? That looks so gay. Oh, yeah. That's why. Yeah, but you know, Jesus. It's the posture is the way he's standing. That one was from team beat. Yeah. Well, it's faded. Targeted a died through DNA according to a family statement. He should Monday through public security and Montuix. Oh, the Montuix family is upset. The cause of that wasn't released. Words cannot express how sad we are by loss of making a statement said. The young guy, Yadiya Nihoni, who was born with close, higher-argony in 26, emigrated from his native hungry to the US after WWE 22, he became interested in bodybuilding in the 50s kind of like Arnold and was named Mr. Universe Mr. Merke and Mr. Olympian, 1955. But didn't stick around long enough to sell those juicers like the juicy man. To tackle rain. Mm-hmm. My dad's a bit of a superhero. Morris control the natural public radio hero fresh air last year. He partly does perfect physique into performing career when May West happened to be one of the muscle men in her stage show. I shouldn't know that. I did not. Uh, it was there that Targeted a met Mansfield, whom he married in 57. That same year he made his big-sweet debut in Slateron 10th Avenue, who went on to stare opposite his wife and three films. The loves are hercules. Promises promises and will success for a rock hunter. Gay. A couple of that three children together including Morris could be for the Boston 64. Mansfield died in the car crash in 1967. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who played a target in the 82 TV movie The James Mansfield story offered his condolences. How do you like that? Arnold offered his condolences. And then I could feel so much better about it. What if not? Fony Voloni, Groper, Monroe New York. Where does Monroe New York? There must be like a right and just here. No, it's not. Now, stay at Costa Chauier. And my Rochester is in Monroe County. See, I should know something about that. You know. If anybody. I could look right across like on until you're right out there. It is right there's Pittsburgh. I'll just Tom Carvelle. Now, he's from Jersey, Tom Carvelle. Still dead. Monroe New York School of Fifthal's apologised after an isolated font was used in a third grade spelling packet headed out to parents. The one of the religions there have a nervous mitt. The font showed male and female stick figures in provocative poses to form letters of the alphabet. I think some of them were sticking it. Officials with a Monroe Woodbury school district in Orange County of Palajr's last week at Pine Tree Elementary School. After parents were given the spelling packet in open house. Administrative Center teacher did not use the font intentionally. I see Monroe is about 45 more miles north west of New York City. I think God they weren't doing that in Rochester. Sort of standing folks in Rochester. Believe me? Sure, whatever. But four white people still live there in Brighton. Speaking of upstanding people, two bad Joshes out six today. I think I'm having a real-life thing. Oh, I don't do that. It's a clearance. And it's sales manager years. What a hard ass man. What a simple question. Who is the A on? And if you don't want to deal with it, find out who the A is. And it will deal with it. Okay, get some real copy. Can't do it. In other words, no matter what it is that we need, can't do it, palay. Whatever. Whatever. Fill in a blank. Can't do it, palay. Tesla will be embarrassed. A former Department of Homeland Security press aid pleaded no contest today. The charges that he had a six-lay explicit online relationship with an undercover sheriff detective posing as a teenage girl. Ryan J. Doyle, 56% from the Department of Shorely Air Force Air Force Air Force Police officers up to five years in prison out of the plea agreement. The deal calls for up to ten years probation and requires you out of register as a sex defender for the rest of his life. Circuit judge J. Dale Duranskage will send a signature in November 17. I just want to say one thing, Doyle told reporters outside the Polk County Courthouse in central Florida after the hearing. I'm very, very sorry. Very sorry. That's three, very, very good. That. It remains three on 230,000 dollar. He's very sorry that it was a sheriff's, so to take it. That's about a teenage girl, Liddy Catcott. Right. They didn't get any. Even the sheriff didn't get any from him. Speaking of getting some, this is pretty interesting. Now, who would think that Dwight Eisenhower, well, of course he was married to Mimi. You ever see her? No. I think she was part of the Kaka Mimi family. Oh, she ugly. Well, of course he was, too. I think they were pretty good match. Kind of like Geraldham Betty Ford, right? George Washington in Barbara Bush. Right. That's true. George W. and Martha Washington. And George Herbert Walker Bush and Martha Washington. Oh, yeah. Man. Where's it? Betsy Ross. A Dallas woman in her 70s is seeking to determine whether or not she's the illegitimate daughter of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Oh, my God. Where we're lost story doesn't come much more raw than this. And moral has lived all her life. I wonder if she's kind of what's his name? Earl. Josh Morrell. Oh, from, what is it? What shows that? Young in the restaurant. How did you know that? By watching that show. Remember what Dan Stewart said? That's why Dan died. I remember. I don't want to be insensitive or anything like that. So put you into botched hand. Oh, we're fine. Come on out show. And he starts telling stories about Josh Morrell. The real real good looking young guy from the young in the horny. He used to be good. And I don't know. I don't want to show. And Morris lived all her life with questions about her identity. She was teased by her siblings about being adopted. Was not given impotent information about her birth by her parents. Was excluded from her mother's will. And found signs of tampering on her birth certificate issued in Frankford. Can tucky? Or is that Frankford KY? Morris uncanny resembles the former president Eisenhower. The latest suspect she might be his daughter by his British driver, K. Summersby, who's showford him around Europe during WWE 2. And with whom he's generally now so had an affair. You go like, we like him a lot better than we've seen that movie. Why are we fine? Right. You don't like him? I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. Well, because things are going so swimmingly well in Iraq. Because that lesbian East Fiasco went so well, huh? What a joke. Man, oh man. I think they just make the numbers up depending on how close we are to the election. Just like they do after the election they just make them up. More or finally approach the lurid made public the story of the African American daughter of the late senator Strom Thurmond. She was placed in contact with the Eisenhower family, but the family did not request her DNA sample. More continues to help they'll change their minds. She thinks she's ached daughter. Now let's say you had a daughter. No, he didn't have a daughter. Oh, yes, she didn't. And then he had the jewelry Nixon right. Julie Wright. You're actually a nice guy. She married now. I'm confused. There was David Eisenhower was one of the sons. There was also John or Milton or whatever his name was. Milton was his brother. But now who was the David Eisenhower was the son, right? Okay. Right. He married. Really? Yeah. David Eisenhower married Billy Preston there. Go to Brown and circle together. Kind of like how the Lisa was doing there if you went. Seriously, David Eisenhower and Julie Nixon married. And that's sweet. Okay. Well, no, because Nixon was Eisenhower's deep for crying out loud. What's wrong with you, man? Don't worry. Don't worry. You're American history. You're too obsessed with all that religious crap. Man, all that ancient Chinese secret stuff. Yeah. Ancient. But they were like a property more. It was like 30,000 people. They had the same character as me when they were born. We were born in 1914. Schmittetheids. We said, Cox, I'll call you to the Muslims, huh? That'll teach them a thing or two, because when you're pissed off and muslim, you can piss off anybody else in the world okay? And they say, oh, we don't like that. That's pretty ugly. But when you piss off the muslims, they kill some people. That's right. They burn down your church. They burn down your house. They burn down the none. And they go out and the kill some people. Okay. Barry, I like crazy people. Oh yeah. That's right. whether it's a Scientologist, the Church of Zen Nabudus, the Church of Ben the Zen, whatever it is. All, probably it's just a variety of, you know, craziness. 1464 will make 500,000, will make 1500 by 2 o'clock easy. And if my head doesn't burst by 2 o'clock, I might just come back again to molse the people. There you go. I might do that. The feast name, so best challenge for the feast is real rotors for Shredil Faker. They're a salesman with me. Come out! New this fall on CBS. This is your mama. From the producer of Big Brother, it's Big Mother. This is your mama. Don't look at me like that. She's so fatter, shut her way 50 per! Brack your head right open. I don't think so Big Mother. I'm playing with you. Lack your face right off. Brick over your muze. Ain't playing with you. 1117 at 5 o'clock. That's what I'm going to do. I said that he went to the complaint with Jews. 1474. We're going to make 1500 easy with something to spare. And I'm glad I got my D on your Frankie CD. Even though you hate it like poison. I think that's what you try to do is like, lose this in spade. I split them a five or whatever. You know what I did? You don't be so neat with this time. Yeah, I could be so confident for Christy. I wait for you to get close to having a little bit of a good one. Thank you. You know, like this? What about the logo? Oh, that means it must be great. He said to him what I'm not asking is, right? He said he said something wrong with us. You don't have a fan, I don't know. And must be fabulous. You don't have to get the pain. I mean, they'll run around too. I said, I said, good night, I saw him with my heart. I said, I saw him with my heart. I just just approached him yesterday. And then he'd know I'd say no way. I remember how I loved him. He's been on the side with my head. So I saw him along. And then he'd go back. And then he'd go back. And then he'd go right here. And then it just keeps you're text loud. And then it just keeps me flat-b. They were talking such an nonsense all. Singin' the side in the clothes and make it. Snake's the slow couple. But then it's not so good all. And the big night can be hang way by And the planet is bloody obvious night The little city can come and We're not so far away Oh, not so far away A piece of flesh can come here Where are you? Here's the point you've been waiting for Okay, if you're still paying attention Which I'd like to hear Here comes the solo, the very brief solo by Paul Simon You ready? Ready? Here's the play, really that Anyone who ever ? Yeah, do you have the love for myself, or ? Yes, that's my chance ? How long have the moon ? Rejust a and you know the interesting thing is that Paul Simon is even mentioned here in the credits perh. How do you like the band? What a bastard. Brian Adams, background vocals and rhythm guitar. Brian Adams. I'm Brian Paul Knight. Huh? Hey Brian. Come on, cut it out. You just anti-canadian, that's all. Lou Reed, background vocals on King of the New York streets. Like Paul Simon. Reed and background vocals on Little Star. We also did some background songs, so don't let's even just do that. You see what I'm saying? Patty Smith, background vocals on the band and I stood still. Mark Lenin, it's an old Mark Lenin. He's got an old Dion. I mean it was fine in his day, you know, 100 years ago. Anyway, that's it. We're a whole bunch of great famous people on it. It's a great album. I'm going to play the whole thing every day, all day, four hours of Dion every day. And still beat you guys across the street. When that lame Sid the kid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I wonder why. I like it. That's why. Yeah. I wonder. I like that too. I like that too. Yeah. That it. In fact, if you had come on the little angel by the Bellmons, I would enjoy your kiss. I'll enjoy my get-up set. You don't have that, do you? Come on the little angel by the Bellmons. Oh, there was it. Huh? I'll find it. No, you want. If you find that, you mean yells go coming there and stick his tongue all the way down your- Oh, you're- Please. Yeah, I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I. Don't know. I didn't know. Yeah, sorry, sorry. Don't know. I probably wasn't the right one. Sorry I figured. The popeads. I of intelligence supporting the country review. Apparently, it wasn't passed down to the White House or senior Bush policy makers or or all of no Senator Pat Roberts through Republican Acquansas and 2GOP colleagues on the committee. This closes information for the first time in panels report on Iraq release last week. A little bit late now. It's been about three and a half years late. They wrote an additional view section of the current report that the cabinet level Iraqi official said that Iraq has no past, no current, and no anticipated future. Contact with Osama Goodline and Al Qaeda, and if the official added that Bin Laden was in fact a long time enemy of Iraq, is that what we're just hearing about? Yeah. It's not how our son, he doesn't like poisoning, including Al Zerkawi and all those Graham and Namanani pardon because he felt that we're threat. But you know, when the weapons and mass destruction didn't turn up, that was the next thing. You know, they were all they were involved with Al Qaeda and I guess what? Wrong. Another lie and of course, the media being doodiful messengers of crap just continued conveying all the lies and the BS to the public. Just go in and never stop and you want to know why? I'll figure it out. The media is sick and they talk to Adam. Yeah, they're all in the payroll. They're like a send a Godfather. And we got reporters in the payroll. Sure, no problem. Whatever you want, we got a judges, news paper writers, editors, publishers, radio stations, sales managers, all of these, all of these. Interpress servers, US resorting to collective punishment in Iraq. US forces are talking, taking the collective punishment of civilians in several cities across the LN bar province was to Baghdad, residence and official sick. They're getting PO, baby. They're getting tired of this. Where is the flowers in the candy already for Christ's six? Romani, the capital of LN bar province is still living with the daily terror of its people getting chilled by snipers. And it's infrastructure being destroyed. Osmod, a local doctor with held his last name for security purposes of the whole life. I guess if you only say Osmod, it kind of like narrows it down. Yeah, I like everybody. This city has been facing the worst of the mercantaire and destruction for more than two years now. And the world is silent, he'd be sad. The strong infrastructure and cutting water and electricity for days even for weeks is routine reaction to the resistance. He said, guys are the resistance to not need water and electricity. It's the families that are being harmed in their lives, which are its stake. And it could use a good stake. Students and professors at the University of LN bar tool live PS, their campuses under frequent attack. Nearly every week, we face raids by the Americans where they're a wrecky colleagues at Professor speaking, of course, on connection around an enemy tool live PS. Students said that US troops occupied their school last week. We've been under great pressure from the Americans since the very first days of their occupation erect a student who live PS, such raids have been reported all over a money. The infrastructure and destruction is so huge around the government building at downtown Romani, said in 24 years, student gave his name as Ali al-Ani, Aini, Aini, and they are destroying the market to he said, Ali. IPS reported September 5th at the US military was bulldozing entire blocks of buildings near the government to dampen resistance attacks on government offices. Such US action seems most of you now, Elan Bar province, or resistance is strongest, and which has seen the high US control. And which is the other day, they said, OS laws forget about it. No chance. Remember that? Yeah. They said that. Coming out of China, and it's chance with that fixed note that, you know, that last on member, kind of ironic that it was a Chinese guy, you know, appropriate. Yeah. That's why I'm thinking. 1491 man, just think of another year, Christopher Columbus is going to discover America. The boys, you're going to be disappointed with what he sees now, huh? He's going to say pop out of the sea of all local we got now. He was an imperialist. 1492, holy moly, right man, can you believe that? I believe I'm going to go in my computer. I'm going to delete that James. How do I do that? Give it to that one picture from James Franco. I may never get over that. You know, the biggest day after the social video. Now, actually the biggest is the euro. President, you're 12. You're 560. He is your name, man. Yes! Yes! In my heart I continue and ever that will live together. Don't you love you, girls. Don't be naar the world, or not, by my right reason. I have a brand like embaixo of everything. I feel like someone who I respect for. Thank you very much for your love. I'm gonna have to die. If I live my own fate, I'll kill me all that too. I'm gonna have to die. And I'll walk around, I'll move up the way. I'm gonna have to die. I'll drop in a fan for joy, If you can go to the end of the dark. If I live my own fate, I'll be in a special portal. If you can't die, You're fair. Wait that fan, If you can't go to the end of the dark, If you can't live my own fate, I'll walk around, I'll walk around, If I walk around, If you can't go to the end of the dark. If you can't go to the end of the dark. If you can't go to the end of the dark. I heard me while I was just playing. I waited for one bit more. I waited for two weeks of pressure. With waiting at the door, If the hunter's saved in half time, I can't find no fear. I'll walk around, If I walk around, If you can't go to the end of the dark. I die now, though. Yeah. I'll do it. I'll do it. 15 hundred and fifty most we've done it. I'll show you. I'll put it on there. It's really yesterday. It's a matter of fact, you know, I just got to one after tomorrow too, and the fool is well. Excellent. I'm not going to put it on over yet. I'll wait. I'll wait till after they fixed that damn sliding glass door. You crazy people, do you? You illegal aliens. Speaking of that, again, you talk about this poor arar. Maharar guy. Who? Arar? Mahar arar. Arar. The idol of a guy that they said to Syria, you know, I didn't talk about him. Well, something needs to be said. I just know that you're saying a lot about it here. He's something. I know what I can say. Okay. You've been back a lot, I haven't been here. It's been a long time. I've been waiting for you. I'm tired. I'm tired. Just wait. Maybe I can do it. I've got children. I've got children. I've got children. I've got children. I've got children. I've got children. I've got children. I've got children. You're a woman. You're a woman. I'm a man. You're a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. Anybody who tells me that isn't a great element. Their taste isn't their tool. Wouldn't no music from my elbow, okay? You've got to be kidding me. Where'd it go if I let the bellmons? I have mad. I may be on the floor in a second. This isn't a fantastic tool, man. I've got to have a... Come on. Come on. That's all I got, sir. Come on. That's a T. That's all I got. That's just all the T. What was here? Sixty-61. I don't know. Sixty-one. Doesn't say. No, no, no. Go rule a bellmons. I don't know what it is. Something about that. Some of that stuff matters. Love it. Maybe one of the bellmons looks pretty good. I don't know because the answer is don't. But anyway. As for the people who get out of a man who can maybe be officials, now say it was falsely accused of being tied while cut and ended up being deported from the west, since a Syria and tortured there for 10 months, say he cried Tuesday relief when he learned that his name had been cleared. Still, my life has been ruined. Syrian born Maher Ara 3056, yesterday. I call on the government who can't do accept the findings of this report and hold people accountable. He added according to the global mail. The government commissioned to be on the case of Ara ex-undervamed him of all terrorist activity and urged the federal government to offer financial compensation. I say give them 50 million 62 million? No, I was close. That's just 61. There you go. If you're within a year, it's of counts. You're good. True. A raw claims he was victim of a extraordinary rendition or the U.S. transfer for a terrorist suspects to third countries without court approval. Here we go with this crap again. Okay? I'm able to say categorically, there was no evidence to indicate that Mr. Arawis committed any offense or that is activities constituted the threat to the security of Canada. The mystery of Dennis O'Connor said in the three vital report on the findings of the inquiry, only part of which was made public. The report finds that Arawis lived through a nightmare that included being tortured at the hands of the Syrian military intelligence. He's a software engineer who was traveling out of Canadian passport when he was detained in New York's Kennedy Airport. September 26, 2002, during a stop over in his way home to Canada from vacation to Nija. Arawis said he was the 37th of the Syria for interrogation as they suspected Al-Qaeda member and allegations he denied. He spent nearly a year in prison in Syria. After his release in 2003, he made detailed allegations about extensive interrogation, beatings and weapons with electrical cable in Syria in prison. So, if not, I'll also criticize the U.S. and recommended an out of a foul formal protest with both Washington and the Syrian government over a virus treatment. The U.S. is already under intense criticism from human rights groups over the practice of rendition of suspects to countries where they could be tortured, where they will fear you. U.S. in Syrian officials refused to cooperate with the Canadian inquiry, how surprising. The Commission found the Royal Canadian mounted police, the RCMP, shared information about Arawis with American anti-terrorist agencies, both before an afternoon was detained. Among other things, the RCMP strongly described Arawis to the Americans' and Islamic extremist perspective being linked to the Al-Qaeda terrorist network. The force also described him as the target of domestic anti-terrorist investigation in Canada when in fact he was a peripheral figure who had come out of suspicion only because he had been seen in the company of another man who was under surveillance. O'Connor concluded the inaccurate information passed by Canadian police, the U.S. authorities very likely lived in the 1970s Syria. It is quite clear that the RCMP sent inaccurate information to U.S. officials Arawis said I wouldn't have even been sent to Syria to send information I would give to them. How you like that? Hello. For Off-Mid or whatever his name is, Mahah Mahu-Mahar, Phil-Mahar, Phil-Mahar, Arawar. You're right about Phil-Mahar man. He sent it to Torp with all that pancake line. Such a little over-made up Torp looks like an orange head. I'd like to take it seriously and see, and that's the problem. Is that when you agree with somebody, whatever they say and you know that person has no credibility because they're such a jackass and such a Torp. You know what's like? What's it like? I don't see him on or any more. They probably smith can't. He Ronnie Reagan's Jr. the bell. Oh yeah, yeah. MSNBC hit our work. You may agree with his politics, but you don't want to be lumped in there with him. You know what I'm saying? Even I don't want to be lumped in there with that. God, I'll say, have you ever noticed how many of the right with the extreme rare winners? I feel a shoe fly, a big chainie, and Ronnie Reagan. Have children who are gay? Have you ever noticed how? I have noticed that. Huh. 1519, maybe it's in their genes. 1519 rhymes with genes. Probably a male. We'll come and work with this episode. And I'm sure that'll continue all the morning. Oh gee, what was us? Are we cursed down here mad dog? First our hurried game. Well, also of course the Marlins are over the weekend. Of course I didn't know anybody's curious about him. And as the top and all of the panthers lose their estimation of this game, the Edmonton last night to the one in Toddburg, Tuesday gets his justice and gets whacked in the head. And deservedly so. I hope he's got a wicked nasty concussion in the rest of his life as a living burning a hell. How do you like that? Any team that would sign Toddburg, Tuesday. You know, not bad enough. They treated her way bobby the long ago. That wasn't bad enough. Horseball organization, but nevertheless, 20 toe to a QMF here. We felt that tomorrow. But you pay for something as the moment the store stopped carrying. Well, not a foul mattress. foul mattress is that they're best after you buy that new mattress. I know that because I've been using the foul mattress for years. You can always count on them. Call them at 1-800 mattress and get factory direct prices that are lower than the chains stores. There's so-called big sales. foul mattress also offers you 12 months financing. What's not to like the easiest and most pain free smartest piece of shopping? You get ever do. Call 1-800 mattress. You get the lowest prices on the best brands including Surty. Surty. And now when you combine the give you half a certain half a ceiling. Surty. King Quill Simmons temper beat against Thursday. But Anna's foster. Now, mattress also has a 99% on-time delivery rate. In other words, you pick the date and time for delivery. Anytime, 8-8-10-PM-7 days a week. Like noon to two, one to three, and they show up virtually every time on time when your ass is going to be home. Even the same day that you call, if you call right now, they can be there by tonight. After carries one of the major reasons why they're right. Number one, a customer satisfaction. So either on web, go to mattress.com or pick up that phone and call. Just make that one easy call. The easiest piece of shopping which I've been telling you for about 100 years. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off the last S-B-Cuz it stands for Stubborn Saleshold. The first thing. The first challenge to the thesis. The real rotors. The fourth, radio 560. The first, radio 560. Let me tell you something, pal. Long-winds, states, and girls go. Oh! Leave our one. Yes, the crocodile hunter. I'm extinct. What happened? On my huge mistake. I should have gone surfing that night. We have a call here tonight, where's Bloomfield, Michigan, hello? See, if I can't believe you're gone. Oh, yeah, what happened with the stingray? You got to understand that they had the power and capacity to kill or mine. But we know that. Oh, yeah, mate. She goes back back, right in my heart and I die. You're cracking? Don't you mean, croakies? As so, literally. Palm City, Florida, hello. Thanks, Steve. Hi. What do you want to Christmas? Um, Seek Frieden Roy. As in Seek Frieden Roy. Exactly. Merbury Massiveuses, hello. Steve, sorry to hear about your dirt nap. Thank you. Hey, have you ran for a finger up the devil's ass yet? Have I ever, both fingers in my life, that, huh? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, that's sick. There was violence. I believe in full contact. And well, we're back. We are, maybe, most of the steeger I went in. Yeah, I think that's a fucking dowel, hunter. The Cracky, a dowel hunter. Well, I'm 46, 14, Bill too. Like I said, I have no shit, no tears about that. Yeah, yeah, when he dangled like kid, I thought to myself, here's Michael Jackson all over again, you know? Yeah. Fifteen hundred, thirty one votes on the poll there. Fifteen, thirty one. Muslim, say, Pope's apology, I could have fired away. Just in case you think that the word thing is what? What apology? I haven't heard one yet. Well, he said he was, he said he was sorry that they were offended. He didn't say he was sorry he said it. That's what he said. That's what he said. That's what he said. If you say I'm sorry I said it or I'm sorry I did it. That's an apology. Right. If you say I'm sorry you're offended by it, that's nothing to do with the apologizing. That's what I say. And this garbage about how well, you know, he was quoting from somebody else. They didn't misbe, we flagged his feeling. Well, I don't have my, how did he read the quote? Huh? How many, how many, how many, three in post-coordial you've read from all these Islamic Hachas? Huh? Not thirty million. And he picks one up that says, well, you know, a bunch of our variants and what could you say you're not saying that every time that it hasn't. You know, he picked And seven-in-one. I haveamid bring and, you know, killing people with a sword and, uh, make them an refer to it couldn't refuse, I thought that was a Catholic thing. Making people an offer. They couldn't refuse. That's right. Perfect. You know, something. I got, I got the evidence right here. Here it is. I want to make them an offer again. Quality Definitely charge them well. What a thing! In fact, Clemens, it was there with the overcooked mishak-ton. Muslims in Turkey are rackin' the Palestinian territories demanded two day that Pope Benedict XVI and the Nazi Pope were those BDIs. He really does look evil. Make a clear apology for his remarks on Islam instead of saying one of them that he was deeply sorry that Muslims had taken offense. So here we've got two groups of crazy people at war. How unusual, however, would just wars? Something new, huh? Yeah, they've heard of it. The Prime Minister of Malaysia, which chairs the world's biggest Muslim blocks said that Benedict XVI's expression regret was acceptable. So you don't like him, but they said it's okay. But in Turkey, protest is said Benedict must make full of men's before a plan to remember trip that would be his papaces first visit to a Muslim nation and if the XVI, their way also is last. Either a apologizer is not come or to ban a carried by group name and straightest from a religious worker's union. Either a apologizer is not come. I think that's what one of the altar boys told him too, but nevertheless, I could expand on that, but Jewish should have it over his breakdown. The rest parliament also rejected Benedict XVI's explanation of his remarks saying it was insufficiently clear. The parliament demands the Pope take practical steps to restore respect to the Islamic world and its religion and it curses a apology for what he said, a lawmaker said in the statement where the press conference. The top Muslim clergyman in the Palestinian territory similarly demanded a advantage of going for a clear apology, the mostly of Jerusalem, all the mostly, Mohammed Hussein. Let's take, let's come up with all the different Islamic names, okay, there's Mohammed Hussein, who's saying, okay, Osbar, who's saying what? Who's saying what? It's right. What's he going to do? It's like only seven names. No. Anyway, Mohammed Hussein was Palestinian to all the attacks on churches and the territories, but held upon if he's possible for the outpouring of anger. He should know that we get pissed off easy, I think is what he's trying to say. So far we considered the apology of the Vatican Pope in sufficient who's saying to a reporters, we firmly asked the Vatican Pope to offer a personal, public and clear apology of the one and a half billion Muslims in this world. Here's the quote again, the pot of said that a medieval text that characterised some of the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed has evil and inhuman especially his command is spread the sword by the sword of the faith, okay? And the correct answer, certainly not the one about he had a point, he has no business talking about this. There is not nobody even close, nobody even close to the Catholic Church when it comes to religions, killing people. See here, look at this, here's a facts add. No more cold calls to indicate your next marketing campaign with, this is a great question. I'm going to be looking for the little part of time activity here. Especially the way this sales department is going, man, just in fact, you know something I think it's appropriate. I want you to look at what you have a copy of the log, Miguel's got it. Yeah, I got it. He's got the log. Look at the last break coming up here. Wow, out of things. Granted, this is the first time in my life I've seen a form in a break which is the limit thanks to my contractor. They'd be running in 10 minutes, five times an hour. It's the first form in a break that's got three, seven units in it. Seven units, excellent programming. I was going Chris, although Chris, I was told this morning by your friend Clarence of Kristen, the cell, those five hours cost, ABC, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, what a series of just unbelievable blunders and missteps. Let me say it again, like I said last week, Joel, the only reason you people are even still in business is because the incompetence of the crews that run this joint. That's the only reason you're still even in existence, plus daddy's money. 1538 votes on the pool. Oh, Iraqi Prime Minister demands that the judge in the Sun shall be replaced. That was on the internet, it's about two hours ago. And she had been saying, just in. So, that he had gone choose to don't who's saying to ask him for help to help him find his family. At that point, Saddam Hussein responded to the witness saying, if I was a six-chater, why are you coming to me at which point did I? Judge, did you not admit it? I don't know what happened to Saddam Hussein was not addicted. You know, in the soul of news, okay, I don't even judge also with somebody made him an alcoholic. He couldn't refuse, you think? If you're not a dictator, son of a good guy, you just misunderstood that song. This misunderstood, never sold a freight train and things were so much better when you were at the head, right? Right. I think it was one of those Johnny Dolan's things. They both thought about the head together one day and so on. Nice goods. For 1538, baby, 1538, most religious people are full of crap. That's basically what a bull's down do. And if you don't want to believe me or the audience out there, just take a look around and sniff a baby. No, 50's name. No, no, no, no. Tell us if it exists, we all rocked for a guy. For a guy, for a radio, 560, issue a M. When it comes to school, we're not going to go away now. We are the authority. What the hell is that? We're going to go away now. What the hell is that? We're going to go by 60. Do you see where you am? My amy, four mark. It's day in Miami, town at 560, WQA. You are the one and you got it. The man's August back singing horned two weapons on the bandage of six. Foggin' two. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All of the radio is back airing off with the great singing horned thingy. With even more six sides. The man's arm does him on. All of the people fall. All of the men! All of the people fall. All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! It's an all-new, new British invasion. With a mad dog singing like a man. All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! And truth is finally out. That Germanage was truly the fifth people. And I can't even love it. You can't even love it. All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! Now you're here to say, You know as if you say, You don't be alive! All of the men! All of the men! Here's the bad dogs, And there's a chain trip to the King. All of this! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! The bad dog was just a little ambivalent. But we asked him if he wanted his deal with it. Not. I don't think so. So we had to look at the Nazi-Pamelittle visit. Until he was a great singer and singer would win the fun to concentrate. That's kind of a f**kest excuse. All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! All of the men! And it's six. All of the men do. They'll hold out if you won't quickly. All of the men! All of the men! Are you alright buddy? Oh honey I'm so much better eating health fairs! I'm so much more I'm so much more I'm so much more tired! I was so much more tired! I was so out there as Jesus bed lifted! Oh honey! Bye! Bye bye!