Time to go to Toronto. Oh, you're going to Toronto? Is it safe? Oh, there we go. There you go. Right off the bat. Is it safe? Alright, news for. We got more ragheads in my building than you got in all of Dave and Broward. Is it safe? So if you're nervous about that, of course it's safe. What would you rather be in downtown Toronto or downtown Miami or downtown a clock at night? Is it safe? Yes. You don't remember? Is it safe? More at dawn, man? No. I don't remember sign words on me. Oh, great movie that was. Oh, good. I like it instead of Shawshank Redemption. Lawrence will be a... ...not seen in Zell who was a dentist. Yeah. He would torture people by doing things at a time. And Dustin Hoffman is in the chair. And Lawrence will be as safe as he did. It's safe. I'll be there. And Dustin Hoffman won't answer him. He takes the drill that was smouth. Is it safe? Is it safe? It's a grand deal. I don't care. What's that? What do you think about that? They busted about 17 people, right? 17, right, ragheads. They were planning they had three tons of ammonium nitrate. Three tons of him that was used to blow off Oklahoma City building. Yeah. But at least they caught him to see if they nipped it in the bud. Yes. Just like the Canadian Customswoman caught that guy. It was going to blow off LA X three years ago, man. Yeah. Because he had a trunk full of explosives, etc. So one thing we can say about Canada, man. We may have a bunch of ragheads here, but at least they're on top of them. At least they'd get him before they do the deed. Yep. But what do I hear? I hear all these things about what I'll law. We better watch that Canadian border now because who knows who's going. All these terrorists coming from across there, right? Now they're catching here before they do the anything bad. So far they were going to blow up the sea and tower. Which would have been really bad because then we'd have fallen over onto the Rogers Center right next door. Ricky had a very auspicious debut in his first exhibition. Game of Yad 70 yards on four carries. I saw that. Yeah. Kick an ass there, Ricky. In his wildest days in South Florida he never got the press he's gotten here already. He's going to ask you. You can't even imagine pages and pages every day in all of his papers in the sports. I can every day. Like the second coming of Jesus. I know so these clean shavings. Oh yeah. Second coming. Great. And you're going to take the call out of Rockies. Yeah. I tell you one thing they must be praying to the wrong God because when he gets swept by the Marlins man. I got that story about the it's just pathetic. The Rockies pitch religion. I mean they ought to get Jesus to pitch form because they're sad. Can't get anybody out. They suck. I guess. But I'll tell you. I'm going to produce a movie called Goyum Gun Wild. You know, they got this thing. Girls gun wild. Goyum Gun Wild. They're just out of control now. And Bush of course just being desperate. You know he's back with his right wing religionist with the OK. Mary's thing which is never going to go through and the Senate. But they got to go back to the hate issues again because it's all he got. They have nothing else. Yeah. Do you know how to control? I beg your pardon? McCain is against him. And that. Well that's about the only thing he's against. McCain just to suck up. He's so his as phony is a 42 dollar bill. Well I had quite a day said or day man. I'm not going to give you all the details just to make a long story short. I was losing my fat ass and made it all back and ran out. That's a great feeling when you feel like you're going to have a disaster. I mean bad and I made back hit 3000 line to cut to culminate to cap off my comeback and I ran out of there. Do you feel like a winner when I got that? Oh I felt like I felt like a 150,000. I was so excited because you get down. You get depressed like oh this is going to be disaster again. Another would bind his anster and bought a boom. It's kind of funny because this Indian kid that I know there is a pain about three machines down for me. And about five minutes before I got a heat of 3000 line. And we're all happy for him because he lost the three grand on the machine I was playing the night before. So he got his money back. And five ten minutes later there comes up on my machine three grand and I said my turn. And I ran out. I wasn't going to give him back one dime. Oh you got to you guys he did stocked in Leslie Visser Wednesday morning. I'm not sure if it's Wednesday or Friday. It says Wednesday. I know what it says. Oh some others that may not be right. Right. Well Friday my schedule says. Well I'd say one thing. I guess you just don't care anymore. Oh yeah. Who's this thing was that to put that into more. I want to wake up to that sound. Your friend. No your protege means clearance. Your friend. Your protege. Clarence. I have nothing to do with him. In fact in my that's. It's the middle of the year already but since we're so slow and getting him out of doing anything on a station. I've made a new year's resolution for me starting June. So maybe it's gonna be a little bit more too late. And I'm having no more deemings with either a carabelle or a clarince anything but the CLAR. Clear even clerics in I don't think I'm going to take. You know what I'm saying I'm not in it. It's going to add many years to my life. For at least many days. I just want to deal with them. Gornish Telfin is saying to you, Pan. I understand. There's no point. I can't I can't get too whipped up about the bell. I'd be very honest with you. It's amazing to me how many winners I've picked on TV on the racing network. It's scary. But the one good thing is I've resisted all this time. I've never, you know, because you can just call in and get a, get in the count on your credit card and start plunging your gut survey day. I have to be a crazy person to do that. But I have picked so many winners. Without a program just by just by playing the odds. You know, you can tell a lot from watching the odds. You know, when a horse takes a hit at the last minute, it goes like from, even from 7 to 1 to 6 to 1 in the last flash. I know, I know that I was a real good horse player who would look at the board when he'd walk into a track called. Yeah. And see, he, we look for two things. Favorites that were not being bet and long shots that were being bet. Right. And he put them together. The only thing that's bad though is first time starters that could bet. Because a lot of these, a lot of these owners and trainers, they think they got something because they went fast in the morning and they bust out of the gate. They go about a half a mile real fast and they peep their guts out at the end. They die in the stretch. Usually, first time starters who were bet, who were heavily bet, the information comes from, and I'm not a workout guy either when they, and in any way. You know, something I'm glad you mentioned that because if there's an animal, I start talking about horses because the audience doesn't care, but we don't have any audience left anyway. But you know, the thing that always amazed me, like in harness racing, a qualifying race is like in the other race. I mean, the regular timer and there's other horses competing. You know, I mean, you don't know how much they're trying or how much effort they're putting out. So it might mean something, but at least you know the time is accurate. But workouts for third-by-racing, they come out in the morning and the clockers recognize them by their physical characteristics. They don't even know for sure if they're clocking the right horse. Am I right? Yes, you're right. Yeah. So, so you get these workouts that may or may not be accurate. And it might, you know, it might be 46 and 2 or might be 48 and 2 or might not even be the right horse. To me, that's, it's so bogus, you know. This is the one thing about horse race, it gives a public the information. Quick quick, BS, and you know, given the information. For the other thing, with those workouts is when I see, for example, step and wolf or had a sensational work the other day, he was born to be wild. Yes. And anyway, I don't like a sensational work right before a big race. No, I mean, he left the race on the track in the morning. Sometimes, not necessarily. If you see two or three bullet works like consecutive, you think wildest horses really sharpened. How sharp are going to have to be to win that race? That's a crappy race. Well, you have to try and work. I think it's going to be the greatest race of all time. We want everybody to watch the BBC. Well, I mean, you know, we've got to boost it up a little bit. There's some good horses in here. Yeah, when you have the winner of the wood, you have the second third and fourth finish in the Derby. Yes. No brother, Dahl though. I'm glad there's no brother there. He really, he just pissed me on. He was so counterfitting. He was piece of turd counterfitting. Told you. Well, yeah, you're right. In no barberini. No. Well, that's crap. You know, Barbara still coming along good. I guess everybody's whipped up about that. Yeah, everybody's coming along good. I don't know why everybody's whipped up about that. Horses get put down and tracks all the time. But he gets more daily bulletin son him. Don't get choked up about it now. Then we're on Reagan when he shot. Yeah. You know who turned 60 this week? I think tomorrow. To show you how old we're getting. You know how you can tell when you're old? Yeah. People start dying around you. No, no, no, well, that's part of it. But when people like sliced alone last night, he celebrated 60th birthday. 10 to Hollywood and Vegas with a big reunion. Join by Bruce Willis and Governor Arnold doing him for a and his wife, Jennifer. Other celebrities in attendance, John Travolta, whether that lead left the closet long enough to attend. Oh, David's spade and James Khan. Oh, now that there is a good example for it, take a look at the difference between James Khan and the Godfather and even James Khan in misery, which is many years ago. And now you look at James. Now what's that TV show he's on? The Vegas show. Whatever that is. Yeah. He looks like James Khan's grandfather from the Godfather. And he's old enough to be, I guess. David's spade is going out with Heather Lockler. Yeah. Who doesn't believe anything. Who's husband is going out with the of the name of the Richards. And he's really Richards. Yeah, and I Richards. Yeah. Bobby rings. You think that tennis match was rigged? That one. And there was always Jack rigged the voice of Hazel Park in North Field Downs for 100 years. Boy, he was boring. And there was Diane rigged. Stan, it writes. Diana rig wasn't rigged. Was it rigged? Yeah. And then we got our management now, which is rigged against this. Don't just think that these people are here on seriously. They gotta be on the payroll for across the street. You know, Joel, fine-berg, and his daddy. He had a lot of money. They're not doing any good either. But that's the point. You're forgetting the main philosophy in South Florida, radio. It's not important that you succeed, but that everybody else failed. Yeah. That's our philosophy. And you know something that seems to be working. It's ridiculous. Oh, my god. I can't even get over it. And then they just keep diddly hopping along. So fifth of June. Do you realize what the data moral is? D-A. What does that mean? No, to you know what the data is tomorrow? Yeah, Normandy. No. Six, six, oh, six. Oh, you like that. Six, six, oh, six. Yeah, six, six. It's also D-Day. Oh, is it? The invasion of Normandy was on June 6. Wow, that's good to know. I think the end. And of course now they're making a big hack about being six, six, six, because we did the Omen. Now, movies that didn't need to be remade. And that's one of them. That was such a good movie with Gregory Peckley. Yes, it was. And everyone of these remakes without exception, everyone of them sucks. You know? Like psycho and other so many of them. One of Stranger calls. They all suck. My first job out of school on the Army, I worked at 66650 Avenue. Oh, I lived at 201 Commonwealth Avenue in Boston. Yeah, for whatever that's worth. You know, the years later, last time, I had not the last time, but one of the last times I was in Boston, walked back down there and came a wealth out of town. Because my head and apartment downstairs, that's at the time when a Boston Stranger was a killing people in Boston. The women were all terrified. Tony Curtis. And my, no, Tony Curtis wasn't killing them. But my, my land lady, what's up with her name? Mrs. Brown. She had a lovely daughter. But Mrs. Brown was my land. She had this other tenant with several apartments downstairs. Miss building. And his name was Jimmy Murphy. And he just said, we'll realize, got a real jackass. And he's to go in there and brownie. I'm the Boston Stranger. Brownie had her terrified as parole lady. She lived by herself. And I just had her scared to death. Jimmy Murphy, probably no, he might have been the Boston's part. There's still, there's still not even sure I saw that on biography today. But Albert to Salvo. Yeah. Being the Boston Stranger, I'm even sure about that. Tony Curtis. I really quite am in the movie. I know that. Don't just think I know that. Give me a little bit of credit. My Alzheimer's hasn't said it. You're older than I am, okay? So just watch it. I have. But flee Bailey was the attorney for Albert to sell. I think that was his first big case. Well, I don't know if it was his first one. Well, I was first big one. And then he defended Sam Shepard too. Remember that? I worked that well. Yeah. He was almost as effective as, uh, Ellis Ellis I've been thinking. It's funny. It runes a more. I just got out here a year or two ago and now the subject gets going in for 30 years. I'm telling Ellis. He may not be great, but he's sure consistent. I think he's got TV intoxication Ellis, Rubin. Uh-oh. U.S. have been court to decide on racial assignments to public schools. I just didn't breathtaking news on CNN. Probably with this group, we got now. We'll go back to completely segregated schools. You know, I mean, we just, they're turning the clock back in everything else. Why not? Yeah. That's going to be the next thing before not being the November elections. Maybe we'll have a civil war. They don't seem to be doing too well with the other ones. We just have a civil war. Well, a bunch more people got kidnapped in 50 people got kidnapped in Baghdad today. It's fucked off the streets. They're just in a wrong place at the wrong time. They just came in and grabbed up anybody they get ahold of. Yeah, that's over. Yeah, that's over. I'll write in fact. Here's the story. I got it right here. It says they've ten gone. Where is that story? One moment please. They've said that it's lost. The war's lost. Who said that? The commanders in Iraq. I'll find it. The commanders tell Pentagon Iraq war is lost. And that the US military is unable to stand the mounting violence. That's killing a thousand Iraqi civilians a month. Even worse, they report the massacre of Iraqi civilians at Fadifa is just the tip of the iceberg. Can't imagine whether it's the World Hate Saudi West Canyon. This is Vietnam all over again. Yeah. Somebody wrote a comment yesterday to see it in about. It was like Vietnam all over again. And now we have another meal. I'm asked about Hedifa. So now we've really lived up to the whole deal. Well, listen to that note. Yeah. I'm trying to get my voice back. Got this letter in this. These allergies just go. Won't go away. We'll have to just stay and change you. Whether or not it's sunny. It's going to be like 80 one today. We've finally got the riddle of all that crap. And I think I got out of my system. You know what I mean? Stay safe up there. Have a great year. Don't you stay in Miami where you'll be safe. Yeah, right. Like right downtown there about the triple A arena would be good. Great. We're about to realize it'd be good. You get a couple of free meals. I have to check the menu today. Yeah. See what they got on the menu. I think P-soup. I know you just checked the school menus. And if there was something you'd like to go. Yeah. I think you want to have probably a, Yeah. Meet loafings, spaghetti. Yeah. That's my favorite. Have a great day. You're true. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. You're the music stressed on the previous programs. Are those of the host guests and collars? And you're not reflect those that's a busy breakfast group. It's staffed, advertisers for agencies. For 20,000, bus, bus, bus. Yeah. For 20,000, bus. For, modern day. Yeah. For, modern day. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-soup. P-e-wollewv. kop-j-u-tan-saut. Hopefully it could be really similar to me. That went on with their sad thoughts same as us. Far from the ocean. Even their children stay here. But give them some liein. I wanna see you. The entire city is your young age. P- matches nice. Ch rice and rice. Good evening. I was like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like I have a child like, I have a child like dad. I just tell you that you're a hind-pass. You're a friend of mine, a trolly, you're a friend of mine, as. You're a Jay from your family, that's where you're going to get caught. A kid that walks out where you're going, like that. That's my friend that's a dumb thing. You're lucky to have 40 or 80 bitンタ's 398 dot and few times, you're naught, you're very meaner than you want. But it's a bit like, you're a little bit in your heart and your lame ass. and you're a homie, you're really fond of me. That's what I'm trying to remember. Because he said it makes me feel, this is my favorite track. It's such a piece of my voice. I'll be英 pumped doing some kind of business results. He said he's been a bit in half the whole year. So well, I think it's correct right? icey done because a cloud-nodker way of working just hop on your boat and go and have a fantastic time and when you're done pulling to the dock it off and just walk away. Just set it and forget it. It's that simple. Cloud-nodker called 1-800 boat rent from unlimited boat into pairs you go from small boats to yacht charters and everything in between. It's Cloud-nodker called toll-free 1-800 boat rent and let cloud-nodker go to table or find a picture needs and your budget to. Get on the water today the hassle free the smart way. If we've come out of cold by calling 1-800 boat rent. This is Neil Roger's. What's all it? This is 5-16-2-8. Tonight exclusive Elizabeth Taylor. A lot of tabloid stories about you. Oh god am I dead and my wife? Are you alive? Excuse me man, come on in. Oh, come on. And there's some choir say could be included for early old timeers. What's the story? Um, I brought a band. Why? I had dog distemper. Shut up. What was that like? It's just awful. This is person. In dire straits. Oh, why? What? A second call. Independent, Missouri, for Dame Elizabeth Taylor. Hello. Miss Taylor, how are you breast only known? I love them post-touching at the end. Do you be dragged on the floor? Yes, that's your ass. Okay. All right. We'll be right back. How do we get on it? Don't go away. Okay, we played that last night. I was channel surfing in a sub about three minutes of that she is. She may not be dead, but she's about as close to the wall. The walking dead. Holy. It kind of like a people in sunrise, sunrise lakes, and in surf side. The walking dead and a hallendale. And in so many other parts of that town. And anyway, let's see what we're doing here. We got all those kidnapped people. I still can't find that story. They can't put it on there, but they will refuse to put it on a website. It's bad for business. Because we got to get everybody whipped up about game marriages now. That's the last thing that's the right wingers. The far-bisson glam. That's their last resort. It's always the last resort, man. See the Jews at a factory. Somebody. These scapegoat do jewelry. And for years now, I guess in Spacodine, mid 70s. So how many years would that be? About 30 minutes. After 30 years now, it's been the occasion. That's the scapegoat of the right wing. Well, I think the game community is really, really, really. At least 40 people. Some of them high school students were reported killed across America. Because the new government fails to name security ministers to deal with continuing violence. The new government, my ass. Goodman, kill 20 people in Dale, a province after stepping too many buses in a car. Forcing people out of there because in just a thing, that's it. Bye-bye. Did it include a seven students and five elderly men? Uh-huh. Two other people were injured. The victims were she-ites. And the incident was thought to be the result of sectarian hostilities. Given that good old-time religion, baby, sectarian hostilities. In the solder section of bad, that for employees of the of a tell communications company who were killed yesterday in a drive-by shooting, also yesterday police found 20 bodies through the cross bag that all evidence of ongoing sectarian tensions. In the southern city of Vazera, violence at a mosque yesterday left 16 guards dead. The violence comes today after a bomb exploded in the crowded Vazera market killing 33 and wounding 55 there. It just chaos and bloodshed and mayhem. And they have been able to name any new security ministers or any at all. This is, you know, well, this obviously is doing a hell of a job. But did you see this, uh, genocide or the article already? No, I did not. All right, I'll set it to it. I can't see the Jim Sernie columns because the sunset and the website all the way, it has made a little bit of a comeback. You can see the front page. But when you try to click on to go to the car, some columns will come up in some of them won't. And his won't. Why, what is it about? I don't know. Please don't tell me it's about the ticket again or what I've mentioned it. What is it about? It's about QA. I'm in the ticket. And what is- what? Before you say it's our red. That's, you know, what's the red? Is it on the way? It's beeping now. Well, I can't wait for that. First, let me tell you, you know, they say judge somebody by their friends. Correct. I'm a key work as prejudiced as support for US president George W. She's the last one girl. Oh, sorry. Pat Robertson. Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson, John McCain and Mickey work. What do they have in common? Mm-hmm. Their last name is all Hull. Uh, it pledged a support for Bush's controversial foreign policy and Iraq. The city actors, same for being outspoken in a real A-hole, has come forward as one of the few stars to support the war on terror. See, there they go again. What is the war on terror? How to do what they so-called invasion and occupation of Iraq? The former box says, George is doing a hell of a job during very difficult times, more power to him. School all-then people don't like him. That's an exact quote. School all-then people, who don't like him, just says Mickey work. Now, I'd play that Mickey work. Drunk. That's enough, but I don't- I don't- Well, I guess it would be a devil work. I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here. Yeah, okay. That's as far as I'm going. Well, no, I mean, I have to just dump it. Oh, yeah. I'm gonna stir it like that. No, I don't even- Come on, I sat down the way. No question about that. Well, let's see. Oh, my God. Uh, this is hysterical. This is- it just amazing. What do I tell you? He's got heaven coin in here. This guy sets an old toad. Don't let me forget to mention this, so I would hang tomorrow more. Is it one of his racetrack buddies, I guess? Old Jim Sarniman, old Tode. Big old Boofo Tode. The airwaves began heating up with NBA finals talk at WQM in 790 to take it Saturday. F***! And the buzz could last for three weeks. So, would you like Josh? You like Dallas? I like to heat man. Really? Even though they got that girl that plays at the Steve Nash for Dallas? He looks like a good woman. Oh, you mean, Derek Noitzky? Who's Derek Noitzky? Steve Nash plays for Phoenix. Does he really? Yes, he does. He plays for Phoenix? I thought he was on Dallas. Well, he was. But now he's on Phoenix. Oh, he was the play for. So, at least I was partly right. Well, that's good because he looks like a woman anyway. Yes, he does. He is. I sure, I think he looks like Tom Petty. Does he know if exactly like Tom Petty? Yeah, not that you mentioned. They both look like a woman. Except WQM, except WQM, it says expect WQM in 790 to take it to pull out all the stops. Wow. Neander<|ru|>ian airs heat games should be a fair fight. Now the heat games are on WQM, OD. South Florida's enjoyed the exhilaration of the dolphins and the super bowl for times. Yeah, ancient history. The Marlins in World Series twice. The Panthers in the stand-up finals, 1996 you remember the rats. He had 10 years ago. And now the heat in the NBA finals. The post sports grand slam. Oh, that this guy's not just an old code. He's just an A whole man. The post sports grand slam. I mean, the Panthers had made a playoff since before it. Jesus was a baby. And the Marlins, even every time they went to World Series twice, then they had a fire sale both times and they put little league teams out there on the field. And don't tell me I'll hot there that they beat that the team that don't have a prayer. And the dolphins, the dolphins have been in the super bowl since Abraham was Hock at a Chinese to the go-im. The post sports and don't forget the University of Miami playing the BCS Champions you've came. I'll be blessed down here. I think is what he's saying to him. And the University of Florida, their plenty of data fans here winning the NCAA Basketball tournament. Heck, even the Florida strikers played in the 80s soccer ball, which was a big deal of quarter century ago. Yeah, how the strikers doing now you jackass. I'm glad to see Miami has attained a root force. It's a better sports time than it's given credit said Mike Lupa, I always knew he was crazy. Oh my god. This is a time that they heat, let's stand back and come to speak. He should be on radio TV and we'll see if he didn't follow Charlie Resign. And then here's the, here's the piece to resistance. Oh wait a minute, listeners were jolted by Caribbean music at a 1400 Friday. Not the best time to dump a S.P.M radio with all the NBA programming going on. The Dan Patrick show, originally from NBA final cities, but not on 1400. They're playing Caribbean music, man. They dumped it. But here's the most important part. I know it will be in there. He's got a blow up doll. I'm sure of it. Evan Cohen is on WQM this morning meeting yesterday from 9am to noon. Cohen, the afternoon drive host on ESP in 760 in West Palm Beach has been given permission by a station to appear on QIM. I forgot to ask him if he's any good. Not that Hank would give me a non-estensive or if he's a sports nerd kind. And he's Jewish. So Hank might be a little prejudiced. What was tell tell me was it, Josh tell me how boring he was at in Cohen? I've never heard of him. Now somebody who's told me that last week, don't you remember when he was a call, I don't remember. Yeah, you blocked it. Maybe it was me. Yeah, I'm sure you're listening. I'm getting an early on Sunday morning here, Evan Cohen. I'm sure Jim Sarnier's listening. He's got that radio knob in one hand. He's 29 past 10 already at 5. 60 WQM. We got bolder staff known to the foe. Thank God. I was thinking we get a little bit of a race that's only to run. Mad Dog 4 to 7. Gelty. So we're a waiter. He gets 2. He's 7 to 9. 40. He'll all be watching TV by then. I know I will. I know I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. I'll be watching TV by then. Get with it. Get in the 21st century. Start doing more faster than every 4% of for Comcast. High speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or too much. You'll wonder how much you might get along without it. In dayd call 305 Comcast and in 9.54 or Comcast. What did I just do now? I look at that. I got so excited about it. I'll hit the button there. Not the one you're thinking though. I hit the big red one. If it's a real Roger. This is 5.62. And you'll win the daywave. As you can! Bioexplosion And I'm a drain for the sand, so I'm down. I am full of ice, I'm gone to gold around. I'm on shotgun and I fell, tell me why. Can I play when I'm a little high? In a gold line situation, I float over the line. Take the pitch, run it straight, jump the line, and score an end. Give us six points, and I float to your hands. So get it done, tell me why. So get it done, tell me why. So get it done, tell me why. So get it done, tell me why. So that's a fantasy, a good a pace, and one to pay for me. Well, I should have been born to make it. I spoke enough for three, pay their rest, old my roach. Think they call my number, how come no one's chasing, Which way am I facing? So get it done, tell me why. Oh, crap. You're alive. I don't want to go to gold. That boy, Ricky, kicks a man's baby, 70 yards and four curries. That's pretty impressive if he asked me. Okay, here's the poor result from Friday, which was very much less than impressive. Look at that, did you see the final result? No, it did not. He did it. I printed it out, but I never really looked at it. 1977 boats, what do you usually listen to between 24 pm? We asked our stoop audience and they said nothing. Five and fourteen, that's a good choice. They just put your legs in. But rest your ears, man. Almost 26% of the sudden, instead after two, they listened to nothing between two and four. There are America, 436, 22% go over to skier America. That's scary. That's quite a common. My own music, 249. I've got sixteen average in some of the songs I've already. I've got all ready. I'm getting my docking station. I'm not going to say which kind because that would be bad. I'm going to say it. I do. That's the thing about iPods. Everything is white. All the accessories are white. They come in white and black and they only have the white ones in the store. And they said, well, we got some black. I said, okay, I'll wait. I don't want to wait. They're docking station. First of all, anything like that. White, it gets smudged. You're fast. The white stuff's kind of like curly anyone. It doesn't. Yeah, it's really kind of like, Buh, me, me, me, me, me. Handsy. I don't want to know. Pansy is docking station. My module apartment. That's right. Serious and WQM were tied with 181.1%. You listen between 24. Do you realize what an indictment that is? Yes, I do. 9.1%. That's just barely over. Yeah, wow. That means that that means 91%. Are going someplace else after that to a clock. 91%. That is terrifying is what it is. That should send a message. But like I said, I'm out of it. I just, whatever they do, which I don't think is much. But a beep, but a beep, but a beep. We got a plan. Now what would you do? Yeah, right. You got a plan. You know what they're hiding there? Blackthomb. There's a clue for you. Music radio 143. I didn't bother putting down all the 85, really crappy music stations in South Florida. Because why bother? It won't be the point. Music radio. I think covers it all, right? 143. Action 77. Well, I've sent you one thing. Sirius is Kick an XM's ass. And rightfully so... Joe Custel.先生 sucks. 181 for Sirius. That's the stern factor... Like like Uh 거기 there and wherever he were..... Somewhere in broadward, you know they're fattening about how Howard's on 20. I like Bouffer a Day and Yotta Yotta.ht Partners2,Т4, То Show after the show. And probably some during the show too. This way doesn't miss a word. X-M. Anything else Robin? X-M77. I hate this poll, only 74 they like, sir. They like it a lot. Five. the satanta so right yeah satan is six seventy and w of the fifty two two two really bad so that's only three and a half percent over the waxion that's the boosters that's the roses crancene burst of the boosters three and a half percent of our audience go over to orange head there to a clock here we do that rock and roll sports all hey how about those he the is anmond in meetings with me pistaghan and springs to use to come in поговор time before you know all I got to light God, you know, if we gave you a shovel, you could be in China by 2030. You're amazing. You really are. Now what were you saying? He's up in the back. He doesn't. He doesn't. He's just stopped by and talked to Pia every now and again. In our radio station, well now in the Marlins booth, on a Marlins booth, I couldn't figure out what Busy were talking about. I thought maybe you meant one of those booths in the arcade, you know. I hope you had a lot of quarters. They have tokens there. Yeah, we got one. To our sales partner. 1041, 19 before 11 at 5, 60, WQA, and we got the bow, myster, come up a two. Oh, thank God. Oh, just a little relief until seven anyway. You know, he's got to have naked pictures at Jeldy. I think he's got naked pictures of Clarence and the Robert Greeper doing it. He's got to have. Because he's on every day and some days, two, three times a day. That's sound. That Pearson. And if you got a business and you need to get customers away from the competition, here's the perfect business partner for you. Pubset, print again design. Pubset can design and print everything in your arsenal. Just look at this play booth they made about me on our website. At the bottom of the page, take a few could that. And you will. Or see even more of their phenomenal work at pubs.sf.com. Pubset can print everything from business cards to banners. Postures to their specialty, which is trade show booths and displays. Pubset design printing to be very best for over 14 years and pubset can handle it all in house. Call it 9.5.4. 7.7.2. 7.2.7.5. That's 9.5.4. 7.7.2.7.2.7.5. Better get see for yourself at pubset.sf.com. Look your best and get those new customers away from the competition. And it's pubset business to make you look great. Call 9.5.4. 7.7.2.7.2.7.2.75. Or go to their website at pubset.sf.com. See some of the great work they do. And don't forget to look for my grotesque picture on your building. I've fixed the highway. Just know if the commercial bulldog. You'll practically drive off the road. Choose the very best pubset printing and design. Call 9.5.4.7.7.2.7. 7.2.7.5. This is Neil Roger. So does the four list. It's five, sixty, two, eight, six. So let's talk about crack. Absolutely. I mean, I'm party. Why? Because I have been the president during a time of tremendous stress. You must obviously be so gifted to manage to do drugs and to serve in the White House. What was the worst thing you did that you could recall when you were high? I, you know, made this judgment. The Saddam Hussein needed to be removed. I was using power to run up to this war. Crack. Yes. Going up. I secretly staged an intervention. And you are you prepared for that? No. I'm not. I don't care. There will be an intervention. I'm not going to change. Really? Yes. There will be an intervention. No. Yeah. I'm not going to have any of it. There will be a lawsuit. 1046 14 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM. Okay, here's today's pool. Before you get the most important story of the century, and it is about the grateful dead keep or his dying. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Didn't know that? Was he grateful? No, but he's dead. 772 votes on a pool today already. We got that thousand-lit Josh. I have no fear. Okay, we can come back tomorrow. All right. By the way, Georgia, we ought on vacation next week. And I'll be going on vacation a week after that. And the week after that is our summer schedule starts to which I say. Wow. By the way, yeah. Just to get it out of the way, I might as well give you my review on rear window. Oh, you saw it. And I haven't even liked it. I can tell by your body language. Well, I feel bad because you bought me the movie. No, I don't feel bad about it. Look, I don't. I'm not one of those people that enjoys suckups. Okay. If you didn't like it, go right ahead and say it. I like what you're talking about it. What was that? Well, no, it was me too. I like the ending race. I call these asses. Oh, you like the ballet dancer. Was really nice. Oh, why? Why would it be the whole movie like Grace Kelly? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. The way that they're showing the good a little bit. Okay. I think Grace Kelly is like a hundred ballet dancer. Go ahead. But, yeah. You just want to see body parts. You know, I know a lot of people like you. Just in the body parts. I mean, I mean, the ending was good. Would you rather see them really well. Would you rather see them really well? Like in that ballet dancer? What's that? Wouldn't you rather see Grace Kelly naked? Then the ballet dancer? Sure. Okay. Well, you know, she was all close. She was pristine. She was clean and pristine. She was clean and pristine. She did that night in the process of race. Anyway, go ahead. You didn't like it. But, yeah, I mean, it was the whole, you know, the whole movie. Very slow. It's like one guy. But now, when you're about that, I said, it's probably too slow for you. You like an extra. You know, ending was good, though. That's why it kind of pissed me off. You know, maybe there was a little more going on up until the ending. Yeah, because one thing about most hits card movies, ending was always pretty good. Yeah. Although, I'll be honest with it, psychodyning wasn't very good. Because I guess they were leaving the door open for the sequel, and I was horrible. But I thought the ending in psycho, and I said that they showed the fly. He's in behind bars in the prison. Really high-cond. Anthony, Anthony, Perkins, awesome answer. And there's a fly, you know, lands on his nose or whatever. And he said, oh, he wouldn't hurt a fly. And I was kind of, yeah, although it's half-hundred-set. He was pretty strong in a sack, Tony Perkins. Right? I would like to have seen that. Oh, my God. Look at this. Look at the pull number of hosts now. 777. Thanks to Sean, by the way, you got three good pulls on her for me. Thank you so much. Because you know, I get a couple weeks to go, and I have to that, I'll be mostly George coming up for these pull-ups. Oh, all summer long. Better you than me, no. Better you than me. Oh, brother. Well, what game are we going to play today in the area? Yeah. Oh. Well, you know how they are. Although, you notice how long since we didn't want them building pulls, I just know my part of that. Because then we got to take a lot of calls. Yeah. And I just don't feel like they are going to answer the question. Right. I know. Here's the first one today for the week 2 AM. Hey. The worst luck about the alcohol, the Hitchcock film. Yes. You're right. Hitchcock is the worst of all of the films. They have to be a similar famous or well known. Well, I didn't say no. Strangers on a train, I think is worse than the cycle. And you'll be in the right. But you're right. They are very slow paced. But I think that's part of the style of a film. Yeah. We're not building the drama. See, Josh wants to win. It's a damn, you know, thank you, man. It's just they know that's not how it goes. It wasn't real into remade though. So what? What are you going to say? Cycle was remade. Did they remake real window? I don't think so. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I hope not. And by the way, please don't go see the woman that big you don't go see it. Have you seen them? Nope. I'm not going to go see them. Oh, sure. I want all one thing. You know. I'm going to see them. But anyway. No way. What do we see in that it was a. We see a. We see a. We see a. We see a. We see a. Yeah, that's the thing. I mean, it's like one big scene. It's like, you know, he sits there. Or we're window. Right. I'm not given away. Something made me that scene. I don't see it. Listen, let me just give it away. Go on. You know, it's easy. Reminds the parents this size wife. Yeah. I mean, he's used the guy. And it sucks. Like I said, because the ending was good. But you know, you go. It was very good. The nurse coming into massage and then Grace Kelly coming in. And then the FBI guy says a conversation in one room. And it's just a little when you were like to have seen the nurse coming in massage Grace Kelly. And that was, that was a look at all the money that they saved on that set. And that's where anywhere. No, they went somewhere. And they showed Raymond Burr walking around outside. Yeah, that's just it. That was the cell in here and there. And yeah, his room. Who is, who is going to be in Burr? You guys, the murderers, the. Okay. Okay. I've come on. Yeah, something. It doesn't. Raymond Burr is starting. What? Why did you ask me that? Because I wanted to know. If you know who Raymond Burr was, how could he watch that movie? First of all, there aren't that many meanful characters in the movie. Basically, there's, there's Jimmy Stewart and Princess Grace. And then there's the maid who was, I forget who that was. Somebody fairly well known. And then there was Raymond Burr. And the other ones are all like minor players in him. There's nobody of any consequence in him. We'll be side those four people. Right. Well, it wasn't sure. It could only be made. Google rear window. It's telling me who the maid was. Because I'm embarrassed. Do it in the rear window. It was like either Mercedes and her Cambridge not her, but one of those. That's what she said. By the way, you notice that if you ever heard anybody use that phrase, we talk about character actors. But nobody ever says, oh, she's a character actress. Have you ever heard anybody say that? Rarely. It's a very rare. Yeah, you're very seldom. But whoever played the maid that was her. She was a character actress. Who's a real character? Who played the maid? No, this thing's slow. Hey, I don't know. Do you want me to do it here? I don't know. Before you are, then, no, no, this is lonely heart. Why? No. She was over in the other building with Stella. Stella. Stella. Tell me a letter. I told you. Never heard of her. Oh, get out of here. You're good. I heard a word for her. First, he's asking me which one was Raymond Burr. This was 54. I was born in 64. I was a little bit. You're easy. You've seen it. I've seen it several times. Well, Stella, a writer was a great character actress. She was good. She always played. You know, she was like, watch a name on a Brady bunch that played Alice. Whatever her name was. By the way, your window was remade as a TV movie with your favor Christopher Reeze. Oh, how sad. I was. No wonder God smoked him. You know what? I hate to say that, but I have a feeling that's why God's smited him and spited him. But when you make a bad movie, man, God gets really pissed off. Is that number 91 votes? I haven't even got around of this pool for today at hell. That's good. Kills in time. Kills in time. I'm proud about this. Actually, you know, I feel like crap because it's this allergy thing. But I think now that it's sunny and beautiful. I'm going to get rid of this. I'm going to get over it. It's the change of season allergies. I don't think I've had this in a long time about four or five years. See, everybody talks about oh, it's so great when there's change of season. But when you get smog and crappy air in an arrange here all day Saturday, I was really a girl. And then, of course, we had those terrorists, you know, planning to knock down the sea and tower and if you are the building. Right. I got celebrate right now. Do you know who she is? Yeah. She played the maid. What was her name again in the movie? Sally, Sarah, Stella, Stella, Stella. Oh, yes, Stella. I want to what, uh, Marlon thought about that. I was thinking about that the other day. Raymond Burr. Yeah. Marlon Brando. So you could have asked some of these big fat aging actors. Yeah, what was going to happen? They were all like either buy or gay. Not interesting. Well, you know those actor types. Yeah, they almost are very experiment. Which of these people or things are you most tired of hearing about? 791 votes. It's a closed poll. Don't try to anything on there. We'll kill you. It's closed. 795. They're coming in and chunks. Like I said, we got the thousand-legged. And by the way, somebody sent Josh or picture of Raymond Burr. So he knows who it was. I did that. No, he was gay. Hahaha. Oh my god. Don't do it. Oh, that's not true. What a homothold man. We're just obsessed. I'm obsessed with that. See, I like you say, why does anybody really care when you come right out of it? Unless they're grabbing your tea bag. Yeah. Something really strange about that whole deal. 796. Time crews. They're really tired of that. 194 speaking of, you fair. We hear that. Tom, either really you're boring. Very tired of your act. Your whole psychotic phony act. Airs us. A brand-jelina 175. Brand-jelina my ass. Oh god. These media types man. They'll drive you nuts. To new breakfast cereal. T-natally hollow away. The chick from a roba. 148. Chicken a roba. Ricky Williams 58. Well, I'm not tired of hearing about him here. I'll tell you that. They're just obsessed. Ricky. Ricky. Oh my god. Ricky Williams. In fact, I think he's got his own brand a weed now. Illegal. Aliens 55. I hate this pool 52. I hate this pool 42. 42 people. I'm tired of that crap already. How can you say that? When does the game start? Is it tonight? No, I believe it's tomorrow. The finals? Yes. No, you're wrong man. Because the game starts tonight. The Stanley Cup finals. Edmonton and Carolina. Nothing could be fired. Oh, god. Everyone will be watching that. I'm going to tell you that people at OLA and with nobody's got that under cable anyway. And then we see they've got to be committing sausages now. Could there possibly be a less attractive, less interesting matchup in the US. I mean, it already got like one shares for hockey games to begin with. And then you narrow it down. You're talking ticket like members starting with a big, oh my goodness. Edmonton. I mean, here at least the CBC is all whipped up because they got a Canadian team in Edmonton. So there'll be a lot of front running phonys. You know, we love the oilers. They're really great. Yeah, all that crap. They're okay. And Carolina. I mean, I've been my buddy Ray Whitney. Who the hell cares about Carolina? They got some good players on there. But give me a break. Even if people in Raleigh even Chris Jones admitted that. What did he call much of phony red next? Something like that. Something like that. As he was trying to speak French. That was kind of cute. Anyway, they're sick and tired hearing about Natalie Holloway 148. Ricky Williams, 58. Legal alien 55. I hate this full 52. I've read these. Jack 42. Iraq. 41. Shack in Iraq. It's a good place for him. Joyce only 28. They want to hear 26. They want hear a lot more about Joyce. That bitch. And our ran. Only six. I've ate hundred and six. But we have eight or six. I'll raise nine of 11 o'clock. It's almost incredible. Incredible. What? Incredible. And now they're saying the markets are taking a big hit because everybody's Panic because Ravana's threatening to rattling their spear and they're going to cut out the oil and it's over $73 a barrel and the world's coming to an end. This is your graduate. This is five 16. Two. Four. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your boy. Any questions? Well, she's just been like a star. She's been to the high school par now. The clutch is still a bit of government that has happened and she's gone down. And where the data is gone, she's going to land with the best she can down. Oh, right. And she'll have gone far and far until her daddy finds out she got me. She'll be with you. And she'll be with you. Well, instead of the problem, they both decided to get into fat feet now. And her big town lights, it's because she's wearing an easily removed down. And when is that? That's way the next day her name will be over. And she'll have gone far until her daddy finds out she got me. She'll be with you. It's 11.05. 16. I'm happy Monday. Two tomorrow. Six, six. I definitely had it under the bed. I'd like the doors through the key away. Right. Do you think? I'm going to sum up the double. I turn on QA and real loud. Now what do we got on tomorrow? We got pretty much the same skills we got today. We got that before. And then of course it's seven tomorrow night. Oh, good. Put him on there tonight. I noticed Wednesday. We got Curtis to the three because we got a Marling Game of 3 o'clock. How can that be? Marlins in the Giants. Oh, that Giants. I don't understand that. The game isn't San Francisco. And the game is at three thirty. So it's at 12 thirty. Start on the West Coast. Why is that? What's Wednesday? Some holiday? Mmm. Oh, you know what? You know what? I forgot to play. I forgot. Because you know what it is? Wait a minute. The best deal there from the... No, it's... Since everything and everyone at Disney World is out of the closet so to speak. We now have special K days. We've changed the rides to suit our lifestyle. Yo, ho, ho. Being a squash fungler on butt pirate to the Caribbean. And we've modified the tunnel of terror. So you can ride with Mickey's new domestic partner, Jirbal Joe. Hey, let's travel Joe here. Make sure you find a string around my legs. Can't get stuck so spetch. Oh, ho, ho, ho. I forgot I was the big shaaah. I forgot. Every day is good, a Disney, I've put it that for years but they get off so many soon. This well like is dead. Who aren't you? You don't know who that is? No. He took over as the great... You're not eating again, are you? It's a very bad for you. What do you... What do you got now? French toast. Again. Yeah. Freedom toast. This well, no, who took over as the great full-dance keyboard player in 1990 after a succession of predecessors met on timely death. He's died at the age of only 55. Now, otherwise it wasn't a good idea to be the keyboard player for the wacoal. Or you're going to be dead. Vince passed from this earth on June 2nd, 2006 after a decade of battling tragedy while creating beauty and light around him. He asked me, I said, didn't give a cause of that. The San Jose Mercury knew that he died in a hospital on Friday after being taken from his home and forced the California. And it quoted a person in his home saying it looks like he took his own life. I see. Well, look at previously spoken of a deep depression after Jerry Garcia, pounding the terrorist of the iconic and really crappy psychedelic rock band, died in 95 in a group disbanded. He was depressed. Maybe he was... now he's one of the ungrateful men. Well, because the fourth keyboard player for the band who have died, and his website referred to that position as a particularly doomed spot. Hmm, like doing a morning show on this station. He was told an interviewer, a lot of people ask about that and my stock answer is that I'm aware of the fact you could die to win. But I was somewhat dying of boredom before the job came up, so I thought I'd take my chances, he said. Originally, remember the 1970s rock band, the two were, well, like you're in the grateful dead after longness of the keyboard player meant my middle and died in 1990, but drug overdose. Oh, my god. I thought, you know why I think you'd have to watch that movie that the Kurt Cobain movie last days? Yeah. That'd be enough to put me over the edge. I'm gonna give you one of the blow into your brains out of whoever made the movies. Well, it's funny as I got 7,000, 798 songs, and the computer over here. Really? How many of them are grateful dead? Fuck, third man. I would say, oh, man, right. Because the late family, they never had a top 10 hit. Right. The way you send me the... which is the ones you send me this week? 50s or 70s? You're gonna get 70s in the bokeh package. Ooh, the 70s hits, and then the next disc that you'll get, you see. Just three generic oldies. Which includes 50s. What about my Luis Miguel, Luis Miguel? Mm. And he sure got a hot comment. Yeah. Gotta fat ass. Oh, like that. Anyway, previously Pan F, P, and if Keith Gouda gotchao, wow, sounds like a dog food. Godchao. Died in the car accident in 1980, year after he left the band. And founding vocalist in keyboard member Ron Pickpan McCurney. Died in 1973 of a gastrointestinal hemorrhage. Wow. That sounds appropriate for a guy named Pickbet. Yeah. Sounds appropriate for a fat boy. Now let me ask you something. It's said I'm not cheap at Christians, our salesman's or giving this morning. A fat boy is out for two weeks. How do we know he's out for two weeks? Is that, or maybe it has been two weeks? I don't know. Or is he just tending and being out for two weeks? Sick? I don't know. Maybe he's got an eating binge. Oh. After the grateful dead broke up in it's 30 year run is one of a barcass biggest touring acts, even though the music sucked in the never had a real hit. Well, it formed his own group missing man formation. Wow. Remember them? Nope. Needed a while. He also turned with other groups including Graceville dead drummer, Mickey Hart's band. He didn't take part in various reasons of the dead's other surviving members. In existence of the band's curse of the keyboard player Scott Larnon, co-founder of the keyboard player for the National Touring Grafeville dead, the tributed band, Darkster, Darkstar Orchestra, that I feel like a Sierra heart attack. Oh my god. The grateful really are dead. That's something? You gotta be star-crossed to be in the grateful dead. That's right. Maybe that's why they had the name, you know? Maybe the Lord got stuck his finger near something. I know there's some of you out there think that they made something. I don't know what that was. The fact that I would have any because I don't just have hits in here, but I also have a lot of stuff that I like that I put in this computer myself. Well, if I say you put grateful dead in there, I'd take a review and put you down in one lately. I didn't. I mean, what's the other way? Get crap all the time. Maybe it's not that many of you are star-lithing made that they're memorable. I know that. Yeah. I'll give you a look at that. Tracking. That's the one. And the Uncle John's band or something. Oh yeah. They're also out of the same. Uncle John's T-bag band. Let's see. grateful. I'm Grant any grant. Truckers are right. I'll give them that. grateful. I'll give them that. Touch of Grey Man. Eight, 15, 87. I reached, I reached on the charts number. Yeah. And that was it. It was on for 99 weeks. Really? That should have touched Grey. It goes on about. I don't want to waste my time with that. But the only thing that I'm grateful for is all those band jury's flavors. Because otherwise without them, they wouldn't have come up with all that neat stuff. Although, although the fish was another fish foods in a different group. Although along with same lines. Right. Haven't had any, I'm not eating anymore of that crap. I just made up my mind as of now. Good. No, I'm serious. I can't do it. No more carbs. All this garbage about. Eat your fruits and vegetables. You know, leave the fruits to somebody else. Okay. You fair. Tell me right now. Stay away from those fruits. I don't think they're going to go there. Oh, well, all depends on what kind. I'm not going to get into that discussion with you anymore. I'm just tired of the way to my time. I am just nauseous from it. Uh-huh. Like this call is going to make me. You'll see. I didn't make no mistake about it. WQIM. Hello. You're so wrong about the great help that. Yeah, I know. You're going to get a beat number one on the charts. They have a good. No, what do they have? And then we send them a great music. Are you going to know any of them? I don't know. Just need a word. What's the difference then? Well, no, the audience. I can't really like it. Right. Yeah, you don't know one song about a grateful dead. Okay. In fact, we'd be grateful if you were dead. So what did I tell you? Uh-huh. I'm one of those dead. I'm one of the dead. Yeah, no kidding. So in the music, we don't have to be a dead person. Exactly. Sound that voice. Right. Oh, yeah. If you look up dead head, you see his person. It's like the people who like jazz. I'm with a p.d. Oh, and I played it's way beyond that. Jazz is for suits. But grateful dead is for just the honor of what that category is. Much of stoneers. There's nothing that we hate on their showers and a bunch of stoneers. Feel command. There's top Pentagon. Iraq War is lost. Oh, here we go. But a grateful dead people. You'll see. Make no mistake about it. You started it. If I say you didn't have any grateful dead music. It was seven thousand songs. Yeah, didn't he start a Josh? Yeah. Right. I think Raymond Burr was the one who was massaging Jimmy Stewart. I didn't know he was dead. Yeah. What a jackass. Not you, Josh. I'm talking well. You too. Yeah. Isn't he one of yours? Isn't he one of yours? That's all he knew really. And then of course the beast kept threatening to tell us that we've ported stories that he used to tell us that they're the crappy used to say they're off the year in the morning. And never did. You know, that's one thing I don't matter. You can't tell them on the air anyway. I'm sure that. Most of them had to do with it. And that's why he was always running around picking his Dingo berries and fun of everybody. WQAM Hello. Not there on four days. It's a good one. I'm whatever that was. WQAM Hello. Uh, Neil? Yes sir. Are you doing today? Okay. I'll listen. Who do you like for the Atlantic of Iowa? WQAM Hello. 8.6. Oh no. There's your answer. Stanley Cupfiles, the Heat and Six. We don't talk hockey on this show. And I don't like either team. I'm man on this like Edmonton. They're all right. I don't really dislike Carolina. I was hoping that they would beat the Hoover-Hellie B. before Buffalo. Who did they beat? I forget. I'm a jersey. But I just have very little interest. It's just, uh, Edmonton and Carolina. What could be fine? I mean, I have to watch Shawshank and stare. Wait for that male wafes scene. You're right about that facts on Friday. That was so, that was so sensational. I just grabbed that that DBA on the male man's hands. Okay. I didn't watch the rest of it because I knew that the winner anymore said, How did I know that? What your psych? If you always said, yeah, must have been my psychic powers. I just could, my mind could read it right off of DBA digitally. You looked into your one crystal ball. I don't see any more sex scenes coming in this work. I better not. Now the fact is the movie sucks. Okay. The movie sucks. The shot shank is like half as good as broke ass mounting. I'll pass. Even though I spend my own money to go see that. That's one thing. Don't want to give me any credit that I went out there and bought the DBA. It might own a harder and cash. No. And I actually would watch it some days. Just like Shinders List. Yeah. When I have a yearning again to see some more jume movies, I'll like it in a while. Nice and then. Okay. No controversy. Just a nice good watch. Oh. Why is nothing like a nice good watch? I've got a citizen's myself. Probably this past 11 and five, 60, WQA and how about those heat, huh? Oh yeah. So that was a good one. I thought for sure that I saw what's other very good. I just don't think they're going to win the Dallas Mavericks. Yeah. Yeah. Well, where's the first game is it? And who's hosting Dallas? Oh, that's not good. Okay. Don't get shot down in Dallas, man. Wouldn't be the first time to heat all these colonies. And I, you know, as well as I do, that 90% of these people around the bad way. And others, Tony is a 42 dollar bill. Of course. You go to games and they're not running. Tony is probably that's especially in South Florida and in Carolina. Although Carolina is not enough for him running. Tony is even fill up the arena there. What a joke. Hey, if you're a cigar smoke, you'd like to heat back with a good premium stogi. Then the he is cigars by Tony. Bury high is absolutely for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco. Prasses and aged up to 10 years. But he is a real boutique cigar maker. Specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. Really unique. Or if they're unique. But he a gold flagship line gets an 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced, full-bodied nickel rock ones cigars got Earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also be sure to try the behavior to say oh, the the say was the hottest release cigar in last 10 months gets a rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider. The say was a big powerful cigar that will just tear your kiss keys out with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-bodied with initial spice and a note of charred wood. Take a big drag on that baby. To receive 40% off on all the he is cigars when he can't be sure and tell them that old neo rivals are going to be caught. Like I said, you'll say 40% off the regular price by calling 1 800 35 by here. That's 1 800 35 B.A. H.I. A. This is real ruggers. This is 5.62 A. Some were of celebrities have recently passed away among them Brian Keep, Jimmy Stewart, Robert Mitcham and Jacques Cousteau who listen now as they join Charles Coralks for the end of the road. All those asses are flying in the air before he finally came. Hey Jimmy, how are you? You're welcome. You asked a wonderful way. Now how about you, Brian? Very small. We get to two of the family's air. Just playing going from here to the Trinity. Hey, I'll come your old wet jack. That is not drunk. He is such a jack. Jack, jerk, whatever. Are we going from here to the Trinity? Brian, I've got my ask you a question. Where's that little tramp, Jesse? Did you ever bother? He heard me. I don't know about this. This is Ceci. I don't know about the misaffranch. I understand that he is his man. No football. I want to be true to return to our wee areas. Yeah, we're there. I believe me. It's 1118. And somebody, of course, I told you. This is only a single thing. I have no idea why. How can you get so emotional about such a crappy thing? Really? Maybe like in all what's up, somebody said, Buddy Knox was really a great singer. How dare you? I don't know. I don't know. Remember Buddy Knox? Sure. Party doll? That's right. You'll recover that song on the same label. That's pretty unusual. It was like I let the chorus alone and period. Steve Lawrence. I'm cool. I'm coming to be my part. How come along and be my party doll? And then he had another one. Buddy Knox. I'm not looking into book. What was the other one? I don't have party doll for you. Huh? I only have party doll here. My new one. And anyway, great old dead hits. And here's a list. You're wrong. I hate to break the news to you because trucking is the only one listed in the Billboard book. And that's got every 100 from since 1950. That's what hits in quotes. Another word. Yeah. And he's saying Steven. Trucking, which is correct. That's the only one. Uncle John's band. Shut up. I know you. You asked blues. Franklin's tower. Shake down street. Good love and cover. Yeah. The rest of us are turning over in our grave. If they get there. Dancing in the streets cover. Well, who'd have didn't cover that song? That's right. Alabama get away and touch a grave. I know that was a song. Touch a grave. I'm sorry. Trucking was not. So I even had a quick local down there. I'll give them an adequate. But nothing to write home about. Yeah. And if you want to say their hits, I think you'll have to let her off at the beginning of the word. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm so inspired by this story. They're about to grateful. Didn't all of your dead performers. I think I'm going to do some dead polls the rest of the week, or at least next couple of days. I'm not going to tell you now because then they'll start calling in with that crap. All right. Now I'm serious. I don't think we've actually done these before. Separate like, I don't want to say what it is. No. Because then they start calling in right away. You're famous. I'm a dead Kennedy. That's bad. WQAM. Hello. QAM. You know I got one quick question. Yeah. Okay. But you do. WQAM. Hello. How are you? Sure. Okay. Hey. I wanted to thank you for turning me on to Dreamfield's pasta. Yep. That stuff is great. It's great. No. I'll try on the other shapes yet. No. If you use it with a like smart balance, spray. You know, don't be using that olive oil. Let's say that's got a lot of carbs in it. Olive oil is not any carbs. What are you talking about? Sure. That's fast. It's got fat in it too. It's a great place. Olive oil is great for your man. Yes. It's the polyunsaturated fat that's actually good for you. Right. That's olive oil. Oli olive. I'm going to do whistle to tune for us. And I got to look at the label on my olive oil. We'll do the bister buddy. Otherwise, you broke our badmatch with my own like all we all understood. Again. I mean, I always have the DVDs. I just read all the way. Guess how many carbs there are? See, this is another example of a guy who talks to his ass. Yeah. Guess how many carbs there are in olive oil? Zero. Oh. That's correct. I mean, doesn't take it's units to figure that out. It's an oil. Or a bad carbs. It's a oil. Yeah. It's really oily, bird. How about trans fats? Oh, no. Protein? Oh, no. It cleans cholesterol out of your system. It's good for you, man. Just look at those grease balls over there. Believe you mean, that's what they can eat all that positive. In 7th grade, they cook. And you see the difference being like the crappy food in northern Italy like Milano, which have been there. So don't be me a son of dance. They cook with butter in the north. They have that awful right risotto. You know, if you ever had that, oh, man, it is kaka. Oh, geez. And they cook with butter in northern Italy. And central and southern Italy, they cook instead of butter. They use olive olive olive olive oil. And man, it is good for you. So this kind of know what the hell he's talking about. And in addition to which whatever understand, why would you cook with what is he cooking with the olive oil anyway? Huh? Whoever. I mean, you might put olive oil in the water when you boil for your pasta, which I used to do that. I don't do it anymore, because somebody told me don't do it. But what would you be the olive oil for to make pasta? Right. And olive oil is loaded with carbs. Yeah, right. None. Zero. Jackass. Shmuck. Another South Florida expert. Okay. Talk to their ass. Okay. I always had a big son of dance, and they had no idea what they're talking about. None. So you can take your dreamfields, pal, and stick with a moon. Right, don't shine. WQAM. Hello. 2AM. Yeah. I want to talk to the old Rogers. Speaking, sir. Oh, regarding the graceful said. Yes. You can't judge the graceful dead by their hits. The graceful dead were one of the best in concert live fans of all time. Exactly with the first roofed play five to six hours concerts. Wow. You know the right. You know why? And anyway. Awesome. Take a rest of the money. Could I watch? Yeah. From all the different places. Well, I'm sorry. Yeah. Correct. Crohn's Steve is after when you talked about? No, the one with Crohn is, uh, after you say baseball. This is the grill. And we're talking a hobo of five six to WQAM. Tommy Homing, right here at five six seven. H-O-O. Oh, five six, uh, Tommy Homing. Let me talk to Steve and my amin. Steve, you know what I mean? War in command. Oh, Crow. What does the violence have to do to win the world's series this year? Oh, that's an easy one. Be, think out of swing and bat. Eat the bow. Be such a joke. Remember the Game of Faith Bullets. Did they be sending hitting? Who has a motel? Did they be sending feeling? Did they be sending that pension? If 20,000,000,000,000. But Crow, that's 175%. Why don't you be questioning me? Would you be paying me? Be watch. Hey, man, I'm saying you'll be paying me. Well, now I'm not ignorant. For an update, Paul, thanks to the baseball. In a time, well, because you just met half miles on. Did you? Well, actually, I'm not ignorant. I'm not ignorant. Are you ignorant? I'm not ignorant. I'm not ignorant. Tell me, hold me. I'm the Crow. How they gain, gee. They're not going to pay. Exactly. I don't think that's the one he was talking about, but that's the one I like. Yeah, we'll take it. Anyway, nobody's going to be listening to all this heat talk on the, anyway, night time, because everybody's going to be watching the game and the SPM. You know, they're all on television on the finals. Am I right about that? You're right about that. As opposed to the NHL, the Stanley Company, to show you how stupid they are. They got the first two games in the finals on OILN. The after-relyf network or whatever it is, that nobody watches and many cables doesn't even have that on their roof thing. So once again, the National Hockey League shows how stupid they are. And of course, NBC don't care anyway. Well, then, you know, they know no one cares. Now, I guess that's it. But boy, they got to be killed themselves. Edmonton and Carolina. Oh, my God. What about a matchup? That would be like, don't be like Dallas and Miami and the NBA final. Hey, if you think you have turmerites in your home, are you sure the Steve National plays for the Mavericks? Yes. Yes. So the only reason I said that is he used to you are right. Yeah. Well, why don't they get rid of his ugly ass? Two years ago. Well, under day one, no wonder they won the division, the conference. Right? Yeah, because he's not very good or anything. No, he only won the MVP again. Who had that story? He was right here. Huh? Two years and around. Who had that story on first before anybody in the world we did? I believe that was you, yeah? Yes. Even though I have no interest in it, and then he looks like hell anyway. If he looks really good like Barry, what's his name is? Rick Barry's son. What's that was his name? Brent. What was it? Brent Barry? Brent. Rimes with. You've failed. I don't know what it is. But I sure like to. I would like to find out. Hey, if you think you have termites in your home, you need to call rid of pest control today for a free termite inspection. And right now is the beginning of two grotesque things. Hurricane season and termite season. So get with it. Ridic pest control uses an amazing orange or treatment that kills termites and termite eggs on a percent of contact. So before the termites start eating all the wood in your house, each out of house and home, call rid of please. Because when they come in with that orange or other gone fast, and you can say, Todd Rex is smuck. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your house either. God, there is nothing. Two things in the world. More embarrassing in your hood than some idiots got his house tended up like a circus. It is grotesque. And of course it's like a message. Everybody within a mile. Don't have to worry about poisonous gas. No moving out or staying in hotels or mot-mode deals for days or weeks at a time. No worrying about food or pets in your health. Because the opposite rid of pest control, treat your home with this amazing orange oral. You don't have to leave it all. And fact when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. You'll feel like you're in citrus country. It's true if you have a termite problem called rid of pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oral treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact. No tending. No BS. No kidding. We could use them at 2 a.m. Call right now for a free termite inspection. No 447-4348. Absolutely no obligation. 1-800-447-4348. When you call be sure and tell them that old paddrek, to a deductal, they will pee in their pants. 1-800-447-4348. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. 810. The where of exploding balls. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. When you're down, you're the way you should get hang of them with trials. You should be on free. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. When you're down, you're the way you should get hang of them with trials. 1-800-447-4348. You should be on free. 1-800-447-4348. You should be on free. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447-4348. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. 1-800-447. Leslie, please come back. Tell us a question. This is me about Cloud Referee-???? Emily, please come back. Come back. plugs the bell. pumpkins Ben Bestander and I, istedi for you by me,lessly held to the back. you asages Feby, Creator Theo what is the highest beck in life. Please Keller. moins見 의 Disgusting. Benezzle. Resent. Renegal. Yeard. Ż wire started and suddenly. He said, I was the first thing he said this morning. He's out of rehab. I'm just I'm burnt out on him. I'm tired of him. Yeah, just another now it would be terrible to say just another pasty face drunk and Irish man. That would be bad. That'd be redundant. But it will you. Warren and Bokan's got a good facts here. He's going to get a lot of people very pissed off. But he's right. Nice going Warren. The only thing I like about the grateful that is cherry Garcia ice cream. I would agree with that. It's good stuff. That's good. He said he had to be stone. Listen there music. I think that's the idea Warren. Hey, let me tell you. It doesn't help. It doesn't help. That's going to get the person pissed off that sending us the at the five-page Wikipedia entry for them for some reason. Oh boy. As if we need not interested. Okay. See, what did I tell you? Those people soccer religion to them. They're like, they're like a sickness. Right. It's the cherry Garcia illness. We got 800 and 900. There's three votes already. Oh, it's just early 1130. We got over nine her votes. Aren't you very impressed? We haven't even added those two other categories. They're which are already. We have. But they just got on there. 904, which of these people are things are most Harry hearing about enough already. Time crews, two 19, a man. Hey, Tommy. You fell away. Go back in a closet and shut the door. No, no, no. I don't dare to say what I said to you off here about um, um, daily show last night. Oh, no, if you think the grateful dead people will get upset. Yeah. Okay. I won't say it. I saw it like five minutes. It was just an off segment. That's what time crews, two 19, range of leaner 200, Natalie Holloway 156. Oh, the chick from a rouba who could probably play the tuba. Maybe that's why they took her out there. I don't know what's scuba diving. They tried to she could play the tuba. illegal aliens 65 or maybe she refused to play the tuba. Maybe that's why she has loops with a fishes. In fact, you know, they had that was his name. The weather gathered from CNN. What is the name? Rob Marciano. They kept showing he was at the that big secret and Atlanta there would be sharks and the fishes wouldn't have surprised. I think the reason they were there is they were spending like Natalie to float by pretty soon. You think when I've been great, that is something. They can't find Jimmy Hoffman's body, but Natalie sleeps with the fishes in Atlanta in the big country. They didn't let the herding. No. She and Luca Brotsu, they'll be the same. Ricky William 63, I hate this pool 61, Iraq 52, shark 44. How about a shark attack in Iraq? Joyce 28, I ran only 60. I want to hear about our rank because that's the new hot deal now. The Iranian. Yeah, that I still can't say his name. I might have an edge of any of that. It's got like 17 syllables in the name. I just don't pretend that I can pronounce it. In addition to which nobody has any ID who any of these people are anyhow. So let's disappoint you know, it's like all of the Iraqi names. One thing about the Muslims, two things I'll tell you, they are age, neck and dressers and the reading creative with names. Not God. And American Idol and Brittany just went on there. And American Idol has already got a pair. How do you like that? Of 912 vote. We're going to hit that thousand March, they surely have to noon today. Man, oh man. Let me say it again only 9% of this audience listen to this station between two and four. Now I think that back in the Mode. Let's go, I think there were a few Mode. It wasn't between two and four. There had to be. I mean, not a lot Mode, but a few Mode. But now it's like just, oh, I'm doing everything. Our power like put up a bullet and then like put up a billboard campaign. I can't paint. You do not want to be on five 60 on your dial between two and four. No, Mom. Can you see it? I see it. Two bad billboards can't make noise. Doug, kind of sound. Captain Hill Blue, you're very in thank God he's back man. Oh, I'm sick. When he went away there, I thought they had spirited him away. You know, Mopee Long, they will. They have days. No, yeah. It's just like all those other people. You know, they disappear and they have no attorney. Nobody rehearsing them again. Like that. You know, anyway military commanders in the field in Iraq admit in private reports to the Pentagon, the war is lost. And that the US military is unable to stand the money violence killing a thousand Iraqi civilians a month. Even worse, they report the massacre of Iraqi civilians at Heditha is just a tip of the iceberg with overstressed out of control of American soldiers pushed beyond the breaking point, both physically and mentally. We're in trouble in Iraq, as we turn army general, very McCarray who's all over your TV screen on nonstop. Our forces can't sustain this place and I'm afraid the American people are walking away from this work. Well, the American people never walked into it. Okay. We've been working government that lie to their teeth. So they could hop into it. Marine general, Peter Pace, chairman of the joint. I think he's in the fourth race of Pompano. Chairman of the joint chiefs and staff is contemplated. Ted Security lid, I mean, increasingly pessimistically ports coming out of the field commanders in Iraq threatening swift action against any military personnel who leaked details to the press or public. The wife of a staff sergeant with Kilo Company, the Marine unit charged with killing civilians at Heditha tells Newsweek magazine that the unit was a hotbed of drug abuse alcoholism and violence. There were problems in Kilo Company with drugs alcohol hazing violent initiation games. You name it. You said, I think it's more than possible that these guys were totally pushed out on speed or something when I shot those civilians in Heditha. They were tweaked out. Journalist station with the UN described Kilo Company and the third battalion Marines is a unit out of control where morale had plummeted and rules went out the window. The animal which window they went out? The rear window? That's the one. Similarly, ports emerged from military units throughout Iraq and even the Iraqi Prime Minister described, so let me ask you where you saw that you watched the movie or I won. Josh. Am I sorry I watched it? In other words, it was at a total waste of time. Well, think about it. Yeah, let me think about it. I even hour or two, think about it. Okay. So don't, don't, don't, don't answer because you're going to pass the time. I mean, I can, I can lose that much in 30 seconds of wood by whatever a class for that. You get that Simpson's episode. What's that? Simpson's a parody bit one episode. Yeah, so you know what? It's good that I saw. Oh, good. Well, good. Similar reports emerged from military units throughout Iraq and even the Iraqi Prime Minister described as American soldiers as trigger-happy goons. Would deliver a guard for the ISIS civilians? Tribor-happy goons would deliver regards to the ISIS civilians. That's the Iraqi Prime Minister. We'll take care of his ass pretty soon. That's right. Prime Minister, Nurek Kamal Maliki. Well, that sounds like that. Palamiki, they used to have the Palamiki and my child. And we're not the Maliki saying that the Mona Loa and the Monocchi. One of my can't figure out which was indeed tried and one of them was in Cheek De Logas at a Buffalo, the Mona Caledley. Man was echoed. Prime Minister Nurek Kamal Maliki says the murder for Raki-Subit is to become a daily phenomenon by American troops who don't respect the Iraqi people. They crushed them with their vehicles and killed them just on suspicion. This is completely unacceptable Maliki said he said it's unacceptable. The White House tried to play down Maliki's comment. Same prime minister was miscoded although Maliki himself has yet to make such a public claim. He stands by it. Can anyone blame a Raki's for joining the resistance now? We stuff all on E, E and E and E. And Iraqi aimless looming and Dubai told us your coward, Tribune. Maybe they're anal retinocres their names, you've got a lot of E and E in it. The resistance and the terrorists alike are feeding off the misbehavior of the American soldiers. As the resistance mounts and daily violence escalates, the overstressed American units are unable to control the mounting violence and conclusions estimate escalate that the war is lost. Our troops are reacted because of the pressure on them and they kill innocent civilians and cold blood to represent a John Martha Democrat of Pennsylvania loose some weight. The former Commander of American forces in northern Iraq admits incidents like a decent ed of the impression that the US cannot win the war. Allegheation such as this read Garblas of How They're Born Out by the facts, can have an effect on the ability of US forces to continue to operate in Army Brigadier General Carter Ham, Trace. Others say the incident shows the US's lost the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people. When something like a defense that happens that gives the impression that Americans can't be trusted to provide security, which is the most important thing to a rack use on the day-to-day levels, says Anthony Kordesman and Iraq experts of the Center for Strategic and International Studies. It tends to confirm all of the worst interpretations of the US and not simply in Iraq but also what Afghanistan and the reasons. I thought we kill all them Taliban, you know. They keep making it a comeback and guess what, the I-poppy is a bad on it. I'm top of their hip-parade. That's by far in a way, they're number one export. The I-poppy. I do it. I get to average we got well over nine here on a pool by now. Nine twenty two. That is spectacular. Britain you don't have any but American idols. We got five of them. They never get tied to Britain. It's fed the fact you're trash and harass all of them. I don't know. I know, but she's just too much, you know. And of course, that's all, you know, it's all the hype. It's all orchestrated. It's all, you know, it's just like Michael Jackson with the hyperbaric chamber in the elephant man. Oh, good, Gally. Like Donnie Asmental, it's just where is you are? You know, Madonna with all her contri- it's like Mr. Eagle, man. Only these people are making money. Contrived controversy. Some people are worse for in his case. I think he had too many peppercorns on his on-line. It's 1142, 18 before new, and don't forget to marrow 666. We'll be sure to watch the original Omen with Gregory Peck and Lee Remic. Right. It's good. And they showed the clip this morning of the new one. And whatever they made the nannies name was, you know, the one to show them. That's the main show. You're original one. I mean, she had that evil look. She was great. But this one looks just like, I'm like Sally Struber's is I'ma like who wants to see her, you know. But it's curious of watermelon. Speaking of watermelon, the summer season is fast approaching which means it must be close to fathers. They do something special this year for your father. In fact, it's coming up a week from Sunday, June 18. We all know what dad liked to do under big day and we saw that they liked to eat big time. It's time to call the melting pot and make a reservation for fathers day. Well, this is a fabulous place, really dad will love it. The melting pot is a fondue restaurant addition to their famous cheese and chocolates. They serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours. Hardy on trays from set a kept filet many on to black and shrimp. Terry Oki's surlaw and pork lobster lots more. We're talking definitely serious food for a serious appetite. Take it from me. Nobody ever walks away from the melting pot hungry. In fact, they walk out of it a day waddle out with a big smile on their ugly posts. They have an award-winning wine list to boot and don't forget to melty pot's famous desserts. This will put dad into orbit, man, especially if he's diabetic. They're in tea to put a big smile on dad's face. So make that call to the invite dad to dip into something really different. Most dads do it like every now and end dipping into something different at the melting pot restaurant nearby you. We're talking a full four course gift for dad from you. Don't forget to tell them that it will kneel since you buy the melting pot. Call it and make your reservations for Sunday, June 18 today at the melting pot of coral springs, mocha, four-laterdale, North Miami Beach, Cooper City, or most prestigious and congested candles. This is a meal rather is a solid mix. This is 516, 28, 6, 5. Were you brought back in? Some of the activities you were about to witness are extremely dangerous if it should not be attempted right anyone under any circumstance you were discretion advised. This is Ripley's believe it or not. Brittany you've been really careless with your baby lately. Well I didn't think of it at the time. I mean his head is really fragile. I know it is a little bit hard. The bones in the top of his head aren't completely formed yet. I mean you could literally stick your finger right to the table. I don't believe you did that. It's 1146. I got another one for you. Okay. For the poll. Dokele cross team. Err. They're being reinstated today. Does anybody care? Oh, I am so tired of hearing about that. You know, did they rape this chick today? Who cares? Okay. There's people getting raped every single day. Thousands of them. Which of course is not amusing in spite of what somebody used to say. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. But nevertheless. It's just too much, too much of the same crap. You know, and like I told you back during the alien days, if anybody ever doubted that was proof of it. The media, it's like they have a meeting, you know. Right. Conference calls. It's at around the middle side. What's important, you know. This is something important that we can like beat it in the ground, you know. And always divert, you know, it's office-gation. Diversity of public attention from the reading important things like all these innocent people are dying every day, including American people. Right. They're the chambers somewhere. Like the Illumina, or the canature. I like that non-group in Miami. I said about a big old table and they said they make these decisions. I think the bill to burgers don't it? But anyway, in spite of what does bill to burgers, especially if you put cheese on them, really trade fence or carry sernar warners. So don't be no bill to burgers. Although those buzz burgers are really good. Did it get you get a buzz from? Yeah. Nine hundred and thirty seven votes on a poll were fast approaching that thousand mark. Well, we're going to have to like start upgrading our uh, setting our goals a little bit higher, you know. Especially like in the arbitron. Five six seven, let's get up to a one share there. Other day, parts. Okay. What'd be good? Yeah. Yeah. I always wondered. You know, I always wonder when we get to this point after all these years. And you finally just get dragged down right to the very to the muck in the mire. You know, I think we're seeing it now. Especially with this curvy team. And these are crazy people. What are they thinking about? Do you have any idea? Hmm? But what? Exactly. And then I'll ask the hump because it says to my schedule, Dick Stockton, Leslie, viscer are filling fair on Wednesday morning. This is but it might be Friday. Did this schedule look like it's to somebody took a bunch of other than today in tomorrow. Those are fine. But other than that, it looks like the whole rest of the week, somebody took a bunch of names of stuff and people and things and just put them on sheets of a little pieces of paper and put them in a hat and threw them all up in the air and just, uh, you know, they just landed somewhere. This bizarre. But anyway, we don't care anymore. Okay. We're just here to do the best we can. Okay. Just just lie a lot for us. We're under a lot of Dress. Okay. Pretend you're listening even if you aren't. I mean, every day. All air, every day of your life. Just listen a lot or not, right? Right? I'm going to say it again now. I don't want to sound like uh, some expert because I'm way behind the curve on this and that's your fault. Right. You should tell me if you have a lot of time ago. Well, I've been talking about them. Never you never told me to go on. I guess you figured I was too much of an old funny daddy. I can never figure how to use it anyway. No, I just figured it out. It doesn't seem to be music. I'm not listening to music. Now, yeah, who now wants to hear this music that's on now? You call this music? No. I'm not not listening to music. I just don't know for life of me, whereas, especially in Florida, we're even hearing a good music that anybody would want to hear. If you're not going to hear it on a video, that's why all these people have subscribed to the series next time for the music. They just kill me. Like I said, if you want to hear Howard, do you want to hear some of the, you know, programming on it? That's one thing. But to spend money to hear music that somebody else is picking out, and it's just crazy to me. I can do that on my cable. Do you want to hear it? I think I got it on here. Go for it. I mean, I got 80 billion. Oh, I got sales to promote a monthly career. The revolution. I don't want to get the last spot. That's one of those vibrating toothbrushes. I got 80 billion. New game, George Floyd. I don't want no spots. Where's the one? Oh, here you go. Punch. More spots. Boy, spots up the old. What's this one? Man, you got spots on the music halls? That's tough. Six. You don't have spots on your own. Oh, you look. Oh, I thought you were turning home. I'm going to those. No, not now. The music channels that are just the music channels. Okay, shr muck. That a thousand channels in my cable. This guy's giving me a seminar on my, not what are you eating like? We're moving. All right. In the house, Miami, O.S. Oh, let's keep that on all day. You have 45 here. So basically, you get a music on there on your TV that you're getting in your way. It's unless you're going to TV in your car, I guess. But now that you got your iPod in your MP3 and you're a Sony walkman, all of these other devices. I mean, you've got to be living in a stone age to a pay money. You know, because this way you load in all the music that you like and you want to hear, but concept actually doesn't this stuff that you like and you want to hear as opposed to stuff that Bob Hamilton likes or I'm magic, which is worse than stuff that you've sliced down the toilet every day. I mean, I can't believe what a jerk he is. Even Ricky Tickie probably hates it like and wishes he would die. I mean, it'll make Ricky Tickie the PD over every other to the music. And the numbers would go away up if they did. He probably don't want it. You know, I said, hey, Rick, you ought to be the PD. So I don't want it. That's not how it's done anymore. Computers program everything. Totally. Yeah. It's a group of computers. Oh, like Rosemary, what's your name on CKLW? They had a hole. I should have played the other stuff from there. I'm not going to slap that thing in here again, though. But that was a pretty damn interesting. And then they had the shooters, a clip from the CKLW reunion. And one of the juxtices I do want to talk up to a born to be wild by stuff. And well, it was just great. And when he finished, he, I mean, he nailed it. And they're all saying, great job. Yeah. And I jack asked Tommy Shannon was in their photo. I hate him. Him and his buddy, Joey, two-year-old losers. If ever, they were, I mean, a lot of drifters in this business in here's two of them right there for you. Joey Reynolds and Tommy Shannon show. Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We're in a spursing like this is a new deal. I mean, showing his working very well. It was slightly so far. I'll say, except, of course, for the idiot they called in and tell us that all of the world's got load of a car. So, you know, seriously, I would go look in the mirror right now, sir. And I would say, well, I'm looking at a real able. In fact, you're probably cracked the mirror. What a jerk. You know, Paul's in. There's not any of these. No, he's asked from your elbow. And right away, a little bit, no use at all of them. Because it's loaded with carbs. All the things in the world that you could be of putting in your body, man, all of all of all is one of the best. You can share it anywhere you want. Even on your back, don't you like it? I hear the, another woman's agrees to that. That's right. A lot. It was good for everything. Right. Here it occurs what he owes you. That's what they used to sit inside at that. Right. Shmeer it on your infection. You're on your feet. Surely you're right there around to the board. So, George, I'm still for I'm out and I'll grow it out. It's still slippery over here. I wouldn't surprise me. And you thought it was olive oil, huh? But it's not. Now, it was all when J.P. was there. 900. That's until I thought he was a hairy guy. I don't want to hear about how hairy it was. Okay. That was disgusting. With now, with, with his initials, J.P. or C.T. 900. That's a 58 vote sign of poll. No, he just, I just get so dirty every day. And Josh never saw J.P. Well, it's just what I'd like to spend every watch of the bathroom together. Oh, like me and Johnny, what's his name? Oh, golly. Johnny Dolan. Thinking back on some time. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What's so the S crap? Some of the people I've worked with in this business. My god. 9161 votes on a poll. I'm impressed. It takes a lot of impressed me. Which of these people or things are you most targeted about? And you're wrong on Brittany. They're not, you know, they're not as high on hers. They once were, but nevertheless, they still want to take a peek. Tom Cruise 227. He's leading the pack. And Brangeline's run on Tommy's ass. Got a lot of company. 212 votes for Brangeline. And I think, you know, I think most people like Brad Pitt, okay. And they love Angelina, but you know what? They're tired of hearing about it. That's enough already. Just getting taken shut up. You know, I mean, all these other people that beat me all the time, and nobody gets all whipped up into a frenzy in the paparazzi are chasing them around you. You know, in the, in the, in the, uh, miles of Africa for Kranala, Natalie Holloway, the chick from a Ruba 174, how she doing by the way, and Natalie, over here, Natalie. I mean, Dr. Phil says he's got living proof that she's still alive. In legal, alien 66. They want to hear a lot about that because they hit you people. Ricky, where even you're not here illegal, but they'll, they'll make it a set. What are you? Yeah, for talking, Ricky, where you have 66. I hate this poll. They do hate that 62. I rack 54, shack 46, shack and a rat. Me shack and a bed we go. Joyce, 29 at bitch. See they liked they heard about her. In fact, they'd like to form a posse and go over and like kick her ass. Let's do that. Let's have the QM posse and go over to Naples and just to beat the crap out of her, hang her from an old oak tree. All right. I think they have any oak trees in Florida though. They did do they? There's all kinds of different kinds of old. Yeah, they hear all over the country. Maple trees. They kind of maple trees in Florida. I'll check. I know they got some, we got maple mad. This place is obsessed with maple. Everything that's maple. Maple leaves in the Northland, and the last they made bar. My asses in maple leaves and make believe or maple. Oh, brother, I'm not that crazy about it. I did like maple in cake though. My aunt Gusie used to make maple in cake. She went in my father's son. Buckwheat cereal. Couldn't stand her, but her maple in cake was very good. American idol 20. See, it's only banana supplements this all right after 20 days. Our ranch 7, Duke of Crosstie, Moodie, one in Brittany's spirit so far. 9, 16, 17. Oh, they want to hear more about Brittany. They want to hear about more baby. She's having how she's doing it. They want to see pictures. Not tough and milky. Right. They want to see Kevin Feederline. What's the singing in a box? Yeah. Oh, I see. You should once see. Good God. I think he smells real bad. You can tell like madana. Oh, oh, man. I wouldn't be surprised if I see her at Woodby and Mondix. Oh, my God. It's madana. Couldn't there be any place on the face of the Western world where there's more stinky people than Woodby. I think there's stinky, stinky my sheans and stinky people. Oh, God. There was one Indian guy next to me. I thought I was going to swoon on Saturday. I thought I was going to have to say how do I lose my ass until I finally broke through there and got even at about three o'clock. Well, I said, yeah, I came so close to leaving, you know, to just throw it in the towel. But as long as you still got some cash in your purse, you keep chasing and chasing and every once in a while you get lucky. Anyway, this kid's not lucky yet like he had bathed in curry. Oh, seriously, in fact, that's probably I don't know if Craig really tastes good. I can't I don't like him. I don't know anybody who is because just the aroma just makes you want to vomit. It I'll be I don't want to say it. Three minutes before noon, I was going to say something about the people from India. A lot of them look awfully off the good and the ones that are born like here in a Western world. They don't smell like that. It's like the Chinese like the Chinese and some of the Asian people. If they were born here, they like to smell like people. Can you hear the horns? Huh? The Chinese people smell like they don't. They've got many are crazy. You're out of your mind. I've never whipped one. Oh my god, come up here sometime. You'll be on the ground, man. Really? Holy. Oh, why is that? I didn't think he was made. Well, okay. Only the ones that I don't know over there. Okay. Now, you know how sanitary it is over there too. That's why all of the dishes are over there like stars and Oh, and China. Oh, yeah. Well, there are variants all these flu thing. Yeah. Well, that's because they eat anything and just they do all that exotic I mean beaches of fun and they're saying venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services from the adult industry. Oh my god. Me the adults cars including Jenna Jamison the highly Desires Jenna Jamison although highly used and the club Jenna girls to a Patrick and others take pictures You can brag about for years shop for something sexy and largest it on market place on the east coast Enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic studies of Ron Jeremy. Oh, is he funnier? What? To a 15 person male and female group group performance. Enjoy hours of other timid for less cock body contest and last more. Whatever way to decide to celebrate your sexiness Enjoy with exotic events with three actions of course at the Miami Beach Convention Center promises to be a name of all experience. Go to exoticmymid.com. That's with three exes. Let me say it again. Exoticamymid.com. Buy your tickets check out whose coming and get in full on the nightly after parties. Exoticamymid.com Friday June 9th that's just Friday through Sunday 11th. In other words this weekend sounds like to me. It's all happening at the 9th Beach Convention Center must be 18 and over with valid ID. Exoticamymid Beach a celebration of sexy this weekend on the beach. This is Neil Roger. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Roger's 12th one hour moving. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Well played board chess. Well played board. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good girl. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good he good. Very good boy. Good boy. Hey boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. right judge out of room now what are you talking about now my head Steve Nash I just do this pictures of money uh... on the internet he was a woman you know he is a woman okay this lady basketball player in the world i would say that i would agree that speaking of sports the rockies pitch religion all i can say is oh my god my name is just stop we had that story on last week about how this is increasingly becoming mow and moan all these uh... all the prayers and all those other cockroach going on this is the ultimate i'm gonna tell you again after getting swept by the marlins of three games the rockies must be praying to the wrong god and they better try like uh... boota or somebody because the lord sure ain't working for them and jesus he didn't crack for the rockies and caught a lot of this stands a holy shrine called course field on this night name for the holiest of beers a team plays that has been chosen by jesus christ himself to play five hundred baseball nationalized they sure can be five hundred no more of you that uh... what's the record now their under the got to be put it fish no i was gonna play nineteen and thirty i'm talking about the rockies i don't know what the right why not you want to keep track of the colorado rockies no but i'm just a can maybe you uh... had some idea it's not a big deal i have to get testy about it i'm not gonna send it in more great alphan it's not a third per person and that's right in fact if you took the games that the marlins of one against colorado the cubs and washman out of their uh... took that out of the equation it wouldn't want to him gains a season and i write about that absolutely correct and that's a pretty sad commentary in other words when they play like a american legion little girl seems they were when a few games in the paper all the marlins make it a big comeback they're turning it around out of one nine of their last thirteen or some crap like that would be due and if you don't believe me it says about uh... the jesus just asked the manager the general manager in the team's owner this is so sick so sick and you talk about religious intolerance and about uh... just crazy people i still saying that i make that movie going on wild and he remarkable article from Wednesdays u.s a today the kind of a rockies when public with the news that the organization has been explicit looking for players with character and according to the travel course character means accepting jesus christ as your person lord and saver a bit to say the co-fascist could be picked on that team no jays allowed or nervous to be honest withy rockie jinn man verdanne old dowd said it's the first time we were talked about these issues publicly the last thing we want to do is defend it when we're because of our beliefs right when people are nervous that they will find you with their beliefs it's usually because their beliefs are offensive as rockies chairman c.o. Charlie mornford said we had to go to hell and back to know where the holy grail is we went through a tough time and took a lot of arrows club president kelly migregard chondon who knows where we go from here you building the handle successfully a big part of the story too note to migregard your in fourth place there will be distractions there will be things that can change people but we truly do have something going on here and god is using us in a powerful way well god must be uh... have an abad year you know it god must be having a mario mendoza kind of year hidden about two twenty while someone is using somebody but it ain't god's hand princess go jaian's first basement off your marks we need to spend two thousand three and four with a rocky sit you wonder some people are going along with it just to keep their jobs look i pray every day i have faith it's always been part of my life but i don't want something forced on me did they really have to check to see whether i have a playboy my locker then there's manager plent her to lng m.o. dowd perl who's gotten to the team to a filestine three hundred two and three hundred and seventy six records since two thousand two seventy four games under five hundred as well as fourth of five five five finishes every year was rewarded with a two thousand seven contract extension the offseason hurdle also things he became a christian three years ago and says we're not gonna hide it we're not gonna deny it this is who we are oh doubt who also received the contract extension believes that there twenty seven twenty six two thousand six record that was before this uh... last week and when i got swept by the lowly marons has resulted from the active intervention of the almighty so if godson you said you can play about five hundred ball maybe the marlins are to start playing a little bit more you look at things that have happened was to see a real quick some of the moves made and make it look at some of the games were winning those are just a coincidence god is definitely had a hand in this or maybe the management that praising other gets paid together or dad and company been over back when the article the state that they're tolerated other views on the club but that's congregated like statements from uh... CEO of mine for who says i don't want to offend anyone and i think character wise restaurant and anyone in baseball christians and what they've endured in some of the strongest people in baseball have really got sent signs and we're seeing those a similarly Sean green jewish it's your oath to zuki shinto ready to go to the godless person cuba don't have the character on four is looking for also there are only two African american players on the rocky zactive roster is this because mine for doesn't think black players have character is the organization endorsed a statement of its stadiums namesake William Cours who told a group of black businessmen in nineteen eighty four that african's like the intellectual capacity to succeed and it's taking them down the tubes cube these are admittedly difficult questions but these are the question to need to be posed when they laughing odor discrimination clouds the air they're watching odor even the smell of there it is that in the end again those like that the fans i spoke with jay the with journalists on kratten macher who studied connection between religion and sports kratten maker said after concerns about what the christianization of the rockies means to the community that supports the team in and around denberg a community in which evangelical Christians are probably a minority albeda large influential one taxpayers and ticket vireny religiously diverse community have a right not to see their team a crazy public resource use for the purpose of advancing a specific form of religion at the color of a rockies become a faith based organization this can be especially problematic when religion in question is one that makes if so soon claims and sometimes integrates the validity of other belief systems you might think majorly baseball commissioner but cilig would have something is stirring to say about the issue but cilig who has national register to pulsance 94 only said weekly they have to do with a field is right boys that compelling or what wow it's not surprising that cilig would play it saw first and foremost but first command it is they'll stop not criticize the owner second cilig amazingly baseball this year are experimenting for the first time with faith days at the park as if last season's military appreciation i told enough to the era times reported that this summer religious promotion will hit majorly baseball it's a story we had last Friday the land of graves are planning three of faith days this season the original diamond backs one and the florida marlins attendedly scheduled a faith night for September everybody should blurcate that game well of course how can you tell with the marlins these religious promotions are attracted to owners because they leverage a market of evangelical questions who are custom mass worship and stadiums at events stage by sports riven parcel of tizers like promise keepers and athletes in action as part of major league promotion at times reports local churches will get this kind of tickets to family friend the evening is a music and sports of the christian theme and return they mobilize their vast infrastructure of email and phone list youth programs and shaperones and of course their bus fleets tell filled the stands and one of the faith days in the land of the team will sell special vouchers after the game the stands will be cleared and then only those with a special purchase vouchers will be re-admitted those lucky chosen between the two out and a half of christian music and a testimony of from ace picture john's smolts smolts is the player in 2004 who a pine on game urge to the ap saying what's next marion animal good times for the whole family the rakeys right now are in not just reflection of a time in u.s history when general speak of crusades and the president recounts his personal conversations will be all way you're doing a heck of a job body one of his john gotty in one for oh doubt and hernal why if they want to play in their own time or power to them but the ballpark isn't a church the smolts isn't a preacher and fanons are to flock instead of using their position of commercial power to feel like god squad the rakeys might want to think about getting from decent players there was once this guy named bade ruth not too much for religion as character was less than sterling by here could place some decent ball right today but zero in in the nation how do you like that man go and gone wild man crazy crazy and that's why the time when everything is gone a hill every single issue is in the toilet what are they pull out of their hat they're all back at risk and i do me old all gay marriage again your presence going to be speaking one forty five again a second about the sanctity of her world marriage one man along woman uh... also of course it's good republicans like can we hide who was a two women in one man right right maybe they should make divorce illegal if there's a raise about preserving the sanctity of marriage i see well tell you to uh... new gingrich course the first one died anyway nine ninety never write on the verge on the poor i just said that you said we all read on the verge nine ninety nine and as a whole and the britney finally got a couple of votes well thank god for that we don't want to be proud twelve thirteen at five sixty w can we got both a sad moon at two is going to be uh... intensive make no mistake about that and we have made up for the seven is going to be uh... intensive and we got galby seven nine thirty is going to on you mean please to know can be very proud of me that i i'm a one-on-one don't forget to read of that you like i i i don't forget about that too hey if you love voting you can go out there and spend a ton of money to buy a vote and it's just with a hassle starts if you're smart stop and call top not a good one eight hundred vote right now before you make a bad expensive mistake like any expenses of only a vote but you can rent one totally hassle free join the club at club dotico call one eight hundred vote rent will be amazed as how easy it is there are no docking cost no expensive upkeep no insurance or no hurricane preparation against what her can see since already started in case you have noticed with a book of notico it's totally stress free and affordable to call one eight hundred vote rent no getting the vote ready because subnodico does it for you no cleaning up either because of the article you just hop on your boat and go when you've done for the docked often leave just walk away if that easy club notico call one eight hundred vote rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats the archartars and everything in between order you stay in subnodico call one eight hundred vote rent a let's come out of co-tailor a plan to feature needs and your budget get on the water today the hassle free the smarter the less expensive way by making out one easy call to club notico at one eight hundred both rent this is a new rocker this is five sixteen two eight part of sucks real American a holds real American a hold we salute you Mr. Guy who's still thinks bush is doing a good job Mr. Guy still thinks bush is a future work with us smile on your face as you pay three dollars in 78 cents a gallon and adjust the plastic Jesus on your debtor bush is approval ratings are at an all-time low but you don't care you're a red stator and broke back mountain never played a theater near you don't what's problem even there's no such thing as global warming those sinners new Orleans cup of data served and yes the earth was created in seven days until we've had a terrible war and I ran is a noble fight and by calling one day we'll find those nasty weapons of mass destruction so we salute you Mr. Guy who's still thinks bush is doing a good job your task asling as you be your two point of children and your ignorance you are a ring American a hold of salute and no question about a twenty ten five sixty w q a m Canadian police for a homegrown terrorist attack arresting seventeen suspects apparently inspired by al-Qa will obtain and by the way these guys got together online on a chat board but i tell you about your kids going on chat boards come will obtain three times a lot of explosives used in the Oklahoma city bombing officials said this weekend the FBI said the Canadian suspects may have limited contact with two men recently arrested on terrorism charges in jodia about four hundred regional police and federal agents participated in the arrest Friday release Saturday these individuals were allegedly intent on committing acts of terrorism against their own country the wrong people the anxious prime minister Stephen Harper said this day met as we have said on many occasions Canada's not immune to the threat of terrorism the Royal Canadian mounted police the RCMP arrested the suspects ages nineteen to forty three on terrorism charges including plotting attacks with explosives on Canadian targets the suspects were the citizens or residents of Canada and trained together police said they were not in the way in the can of they were not in the category the group had taken steps to acquire three times of ammonium nitrate and other bomb making materials three times you might use to block the morrow federal building on a for nineteen ninety five o'clock in the city telling hundred sixty eight people in the more than eight hundred said RCMP commissioner mic made dot Macdonald what if he's can to pull Macdonald hope this was a real serious threat McDonald said it had the capacity and tentacary off these attacks loop portal hands assisted director operations with Canada spy agency csi s cc says said the evidence appeared to become adherence of a violent ideology inspired by alkai to put the investigators of the approval into the turnover five of the suspects were letting handcuffs said it to the anterior court of justice which was surrounded by snipers and bombs to think dogs of jets told them in not to communicate with each other instead the first bail hearing for tomorrow tight security required visitors to the court to remove their shoes to pass through three checkpoints guard the by police carrying assault rifles and shut a submachine guns but you like that FBI special agent Richard calco and washman said that may have been a connection between the Canadian suspects and a Georgia text student and other market of travel to Canada to meet with Islamic extremities discussed locations for a terrorist strike the rumor was that we're going to blow up the uh... cm tower and a few other buildings sciat here is off med and ashan rule is slum satakee u.s.s.s a group in the land area were arrested march oscmyed and mohammed and mohammed and oscmyed it's kind of like jimmy and dandy and jimmy you know officials at the news conference display evidence of bomb making materials according reports Saturday the Toronto star setting unit on an infinite police sources the suspect attended a terrorist training camp north of Toronto and applauded with taxic Canadian spy agencies downtown Toronto office among other targets in Ontario province including the cm tower which used to be the seagrum tower and is a big ask a little to fly right over on the top of the rard center and pissed off her key Williams the suspect living in Toronto or in the nearby cities of missosaga and Kingston while which is buggy yomors not happy about that or uh... what's his name what's his name court model good Kingston boy rocko galati or is that jeladi hmm not like with jeladi rocko galati lorford the two suspect from missosaga said oscmyed see there it is again ghani twenty one is a health sciences graduate from McMaster University in Hamilton it was born in Canada the son of a medical doctor who worked from trinidad and tobacco chariouf abdel halene thirty he's about thirty computer program are hemorrhagrated from age of twenty years ago with his father now in engineering the with atomic energy of Canada uh oh talk about an abamacrande how they like that the chargers came under candidates anti-terrorism act portlands of Canada's fire agency said was the nation's largest counterterrorism operations since the adoption of the act and then war rest were possible all of these things and everybody's all whipped up at a course of the muslim leaders are saying see it's racial profiling again and you're picking on us poor muslim yeah well quit pimeon people okay and maybe they will pick on you so much quit patting all these bombings put out these three tons of ammonium nitrate maybe they didn't really have three tons maybe they just uh all them farted a lot right maybe they had an Indian neighbor they're trying to turn out the real good yeah that could be it eaten too much career over the weekend might have done it anti-animey beach taxes and says first of all happy belittige of us or do we miss your voice or evay good god i had to sure assume you were going to take the day off Friday for you i'm going to start taking off all the juhades and the goge juhades and the muslim holidays and the Buddhists and the sick number has a few sick days every year i know that you hate basketball and i don't hate it i just have no interest in this a difference i'd like to when it was interesting and worthwhile watching but that's a long time ago when Rick Derries kid was playing i know that he had basketball and watch the heat games but it is a sight to see the entire we need to look people wearing white that's the theme for the playoffs no and looks like it cope all of them unable to make facial expression to the recessive vote talks what is that word uh... you see a geobot is that botox you cago but i'm looking sorry and even know what that i don't know what that mean look at up i've touched about the article it's not that we have to slow down for school zone so we're gonna have to slow down for senior zones how do you like that oh that's in hillsbro county that's tampa man it's what a tannett this is a no interest already so if they sorry andy thanks for your ucago what is that i'm looking i never started that we're before or hurt in my life neither well here you go quit doing your marine doubt imitation and you'll keep put words in there that we don't know in camp or not some can't spell and don't know what they mean okay quick to be in a smart ass what i need goes on and talks about the seniors in tampa who cares about tampa i sure don't can you go flying cramp less about it a man shouting that god will keep him safe was malded f uh uh uh oh no malded f by alionus in key of zoo after equipped in the animals enclosure reserve official said today the man shouted god will save me if he exists lowered himself by a rope in the enclosure took a shoes off when up to the lions alionus once stray form knocked him down and severed his cartoid artery the incident last night when as it was packed with visitors was the first of its kind of the attraction lions and tigers are kept in an animal island protected by thick concrete blocks but he sneaked in any it could be sneaking out can i check it into the roach motel they check in but they never check out and the same with this guy if god's uh exist he'll save me well uh yes what is that tenia huh i think there's a proof that you've been looking for that there isn't a god although he religions though we say well prove that there was any god you know like the double negative right there the ones that come up with this cocky me crap they invented it but we're supposed to prove that doesn't exist right you have proved to me that's not a hundred ten degrees outside somewhere prove the resident martian in your butt right there you go prove to me that's an art any uh uh those martians in most pants from over the just dingleberries didn't catch for the cubs dingle or uh they'm in dingleberry oh yeah he was your brother the geogirardi and by the way heard yesterday it watched like about four seconds at a marlin game and that puts man he says uh a geotore yada he was talking about geogirardi and he called him geotore who your boy rich your buddy rich walls man he's thinks he is bad i i mean what if they just let what's his name do the whole game he's so good you know come here come you happen come you have a good the best color guy in the worst play by play guy in the history of baseball broadcasting which is it it's scandalous it guys have like about a ten year old kid sitting in home in front of his old web court take recorder trying to be a baseball announcer just pathetic rich 26 past known look if he was good i would tell you know like come you happen did i just say he's the best he's great you just said that yeah yeah good guys good i'll get malacredit and world if he sucks that's one thing i can't say it about his business and especially the sports angel of it they're all in bed together man saw one big fraternity i can't wait to win the morning if it's wins the or Friday whichever morning dick stocked unless they are like lessly because he likes they show but dick stocked in man just like i told him i hate put him on it they a couple months ago and i remember i told him right to his ear i said god you're terrible dick and he just laugh oh he's got the personality of a dead man he may he may he may he may he's john Wayne seem like a Mexican jumping beam and dukes been dead for years he died with 40 pounds of manure and is a colon by the i thought he was somewhat of a good sport when he came on with hang i agree with that i agree but i'm talking about his a sportscaster not talking about off the year he may be a really a fun guy i don't know and i got to say i don't really mind him personally he sucks he's awful and i tell you who else i don't like on football even though he's a fine hockey now so you'd never go easy good hockey now so christian david's a never shits up long enough for him to say anything and that's same rosin but as the ranger games he's also want to you know they have all those rotating guys in the NFL because they got so many games on every week same is not a good football guy i said he was also one of the very very worse night i don't hate keep pick it out because he he's just awful pure nepotism is kiny Albert if he wasn't marvelle per son he would he wouldn't be allowed inside a station much less put on the air i agree with you and i thought i'd get 400 pounds of elephant droppings in about those little deathly little bit and he just horrible what kind of a sound is that that he's making kiny Albert horrible see this is the problem man they got too many games they don't have enough real announces to put on air i'll tell you who still sounds pretty good even i had to get a tear down about 40 years ago that's dick and brick and NBC still sounds good or see me he would let them be see what to write to do the games you don't like dick and brick he's all right he's fine yeah i mean he's not great but compared to these other guys that uh i also like the same cookie cutter you know and what's that one guy in CBS burn uh what's he's also for lung quiz man he's awful the one that had his hands under a tear-braged show is that though has to let's remember that promo remember that yeah yeah yeah all these sports guys they're patting each other on the back and on the and the hand keeps slipping out a little bit lower on the back though we're the ass you know i still wonder what that's all about you know being the old fact that i'm in on telly about factory i really wonder what that is that's a game club you more on no question about the NFL's a game club that's why so humorous they have all these Christian athlete meetings and these prayer breakfast they're all much of faggot's you show me a bunch of adult guys that takes showers together and snap each other on the ass with the tall that's a bunch of pansies you know i'm sure my adult content of the truth if you wanted to or even vocamper it to i think that's what kids top against the they okay fags in a locker room whenever great i would tune into here that there's no fags and sports right factory in the locker room starting kimba vocamper i bet you can tell you some stories and you who else could probably tell you try the boy oh finally a tb experience like no other believe me come cast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and lets you take viewer control the whole new level with come cast on demand tb is on your terms because you can choose to show on your schedule and possibly wonder whenever you want and for a limited time you can get connected to come cast digital cable and hb on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months what's not to like why cb so much better with on demand for starters you can watch over 3000 free movies and shows whenever you want whenever you're in the mood it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy tv on demand is ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it you sure can't get all this with satellite so did's your dish today and get big savings up to 550 bucks plus on demand so can go to your own tv schedule and best of all on demand is free with come cast digital cable so pick your show time sit back and you wonder however man's however enjoyed life without it call today we're gonna come cast digital cable and hb over the power of on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months in vade culture you'll find come cast and of course in prestigious nine five four com cast call for the tales today certain restrictions apply this is you're not gonna have a hand this is five sixty two eight five oh the crappy conner at all it's slime all by time bye I will strine play the kry I'm a biggie-boy. I'm gonna have to be honest with you, but I know that you're not a biggie-boy. I know that I'm a biggie-boy. Take the draw, folks, you're not a drag. I've never read a fool you've died. It says, we reserve the ride, and pay as little as we lie, or we'll be on the end of the tournament one. Sign on the line. Everything will be fine. Four, five, take me away. One, and six is fine. Okay, moving. Okay, that's the order I see in the world. And we shall never read the play, man. Yeah. Gosh, you know what I'm about to say now. What? 35 and 560, WQA, and we have a thousand and 37 boats and a pull-off race. I don't even want to clock in. We're way over the thousand. Our chief cited. On thrilled, to bet you have a lot of dance in your pants. You should've seen me dancing just now. All bad. Keep on dancing. That's what the gentry said. I don't think you got that land there, do you? Probably. Keep on dancing, huh? I mean, look. Now, what do you got there? You got yours in alphabetical orders. That's a deal. It's whatever order you want. You know, just like I said, you've served my artist sort by, whatever. Yeah. All of them. I like when you do that shuttle thing. And it tells you how many songs you got on there in the whole deal. You shuttle and shuffle. Shuffle off the buffalo hype. I haven't even your turn. In other words, you're not having enough money. You don't have that. Keep on dancing by the gentries. No. Well, shame on you. We don't even have a bit on that. I thought we did. We must. Okay. What's it called? It can't be. Oh, God. We do do the tune of that. We do. No, no more dancing. That's right. Now, see, leave it to me. I never come up with those. It's always you. I don't find it though. No more dancing. No, no. Just called no dancing. It's all over. Very good. All you sweet kid. No jep. No. No jep. No jep. No jep. No jep. No jep. No jep. No jep. But that's not keep on dancing. That's the twist. That's right. Well, whatever. It's close. And the board goes back. Well, 137 votes. Which of these people or things are you most tired of hearing about Tom Cruise? 236. Go away. You're fairy. God. Rangeline in a 225. Right on Tommy's ass. He's got a smile on his face. Especially the Bradd Park. Natalie Holloway 189. Aliens 67. There's other worst that illegal Ali on. Ricky William 67. I hate this pull 64. Let's move back Ali on and daddy again. Tronol's go through that little Miami family. That was so much fun. Because that's what South Florida thrives on. You never go back. Maybe we'll get it back. Maybe we'll get a new batch someday. No, let's have them come back. And see how many of those can come and check out. Oh my God. Look at the way that thing is grown. Not. Iraq 56. Iraq 56. Hi, like that. Isn't Q56. I think it's ominous. Shack 47. Shack is right under Iraq. That's a shack to Iraq. But it took one look at him. The insurgents all run for cover. Wouldn't they? Yeah. The size of the head on that thing. Of course, that wouldn't be the first time they heard that. American Idol 35 already went from nowhere to 35. And I'm too shank of a lamb's tail. Joyce has got. But. Doke with cross team nine. Brittany Spears only eight. And Iran only seven. So they're desperate. You're more about Iran. As fast as I can. Oh, Coca says that is that song. It just comes after the twist part. It's kind of a medley. Oh. Okay. Well, that's here. It's all over, baby. I knew it. I know it was an amazing concept. It's a fancy scene. It's a little better. I got a little bit. Thanks chicken. Thanks chicken. That's a little more better. Yeah. That's a little more choice. We got a lot of trouble today. That day, we're so serious. There we go. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. Okay. 1240. Let's face it. The crazy religion is. That's what the world is all about right now. I rest my case. They're all killing each other in a rack because they're from this sector. That's right. And that's what we got the crazy go-immer. We got Christian ball games and Christian music and Christianness and Christian radio stations. We're going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. I'm going to be a part of the day. There are many signs. I'll be a part. I'll come back to you. We're going to beoriginal. I'll be going to back. I'll be a part of the day. I'm really going to bring за this video. No one will bring this. No one will bring it here 안녕. I played Red Bull 3 was in the NBA. I'm sure it's a win. That's a win. My god, I did not make it. movie with my son. If they didn't change, you was in Rocky Garden day life, the total movie. A little bit catchy what I mean. I got to get a loss on the power of the Queen. I got to have a lot of work and movie. Or Broadway show like that. I guess nobody ever saw a copman. I was still doing it. I guess I understand. If I hold life, there's about two TV. All I got left is a joke. I'm like, let me do it. I need to make them a song by. So I got a song called Me Up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue work. Keep it's a telecommoning action. And then you should drop us. The only thing I will love doing is I have sex with a lot of them. So give me a break for good mistakes. I used to be out of the run. I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man show and post kept things basically out of the run and boy chips. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I got to get a goal from a power of the Queen. I got to have a lot of work and movie. Or Broadway show like that. I guess nobody ever saw a copman. It was stupid. So I understand. My voice about the game. All I got left is a play with. And that's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make them move. So. So I'm so happy. Okay, so I'm totally, totally. Totally a humper. Yeah. It was Hollywood and a planet Hollywood. We were even in Las Vegas last night. It's sliced a little, solid rated 60th birthday. Boy, see a talent? Can he act? No. Can he sing? Can he speak? No. You're right. You're in my fellow town Hollywood founders Bruce Willos and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger for the Bashit Sloan soon to open 10 Hollywood Resorting Casino. At least one of those guys you named up can talk. Which one is that? Oh, Bruce. Still up. I'm not too crazy about him either. No. Oh, is that purple? I need grapes. I'm a grape either. Look at that. I'm going to get that dark green stage. And anyway. Still was about Jennifer out through the party, which he clearly disco dancing. And a birthday ceremony from Tom Jones. What's their time in Jones song? What's it like? I think it's an F bomb. Okay. Sex bomb. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking about. Hey, Tom Jones, man. He's an old sex bomb. Like a guy around. What's he doing? Yeah. I'm talking about fixed stock. That's enough of that. Other celebrities in ten to put John Revolta, whoever not least stepped out of the closet. I bet you're getting lonely in there, Tommy. And wife Kelly Preston, right? David Spade in James Con. Still on schedule to best off both a Rocky Rambo franchise's suitman. He is writing and directing Rocky Balboa. The six Rocky films set for a Christmas release. How can we live until then? After that, he's scheduled to play Vietnam. John Rambo once more in Rambo four, ten of least scheduled for a 2007 release. The franchise began with first blood in 1982. Better start acting real fast, Rocky. He's 60s, almost his old design. My head told him I'm pretty smart. You know you get an old one. People like you like grew up and threw up at, they're getting like, you hear what they're ages? And then you all my god. So like when Brad Pitt turns 60, what are holdies now? Not that I can't hear what's about him, but I want to hold you. I'm 40, I would have that. 45 around 40. Well, a Google admin. I'll do the top honor. Let's not start guessing any of you. We've given ban information. And I'm like saying, Vanna was 82. She's only 75, Panna White. In fact, I heard she's on the same plane with Catherine Harris. Get off the plane, Vanna, before it's too late. You'll never turn another letter. Oh, I guess who is the making around lately? Breast people in board. You're fair. Three, 62 makes him 43. Well, what month? December 18, 42. My list list. Guess has been making around lately. And boy, he is talking about, oh, and I see other one. I was trying to think of what I gave you the, um, what's his name? Marlene Brando. Right in Burr. Raymond Burr. And we were talking about what? I'm back. Oh, he was just on over the weekend on. So when I'm saying, everybody are looking at he's making around. He's worth a billion dollars. And you talk about a guy who's made the most of nothing. Yeah. Well, I could be a star. Huh? I think he's already bunch of coconut. Did you see that? I saw that. Yeah. What music was in those days? Wow. He liked Chris Atkins a lot. So I'd say that. So I heard when he had that talk show with his and I, I heard the table is BG's. Yeah, the BG's. I'm going to call him the BG's. That's just sticks in my mind. I have no idea why. I was just so embarrassing. I thought of those BG's. Huh? So we're talking about what's his name? That's Sullivan would say. Yeah. That's what we're talking about. What's his name? That's Sullivan would say. Yeah. That's what we're talking about. But how's that then? It's something coming. These Supreme Courts said the day it'll decide the extent to which public schools can use race and deciding school assignments setting the stage for a landmark or from a reaction ruling and they got a picture here that obnoxious Chief Justice John Roberts. I'd rather have John Roberts from CNN used to be on CBS right ahead. Him on a Supreme's. And maybe Mary Wilson, but definitely not this John Roberts. Oh, he's got that fascist. Goeish will look all over his face, man. He's got far FG on his forehead. All he needs is the A in between it. You know what the FG stands for? Farp isn't a goeim? That's it. Singular. Oh, Farp isn't a goeim. Get your YouTube and you're just grandma straight now. What do you please? Hey, I got a B in class. All right. Yeah, you got a B in your bonnet, I think. Your buzz. Justice is willing here appeals from a Seattle-Larshan parents group and a Kentucky parent ruling for the first time on diversity plans used by a host of school districts around the country. Race cases have been difficult for the justices. The courts announcement that it will take up the case of this fall may be a possible sign of an aggressive list by the court under new Chief Justice. John Roberts. I think when this court gets done, man will have a black-all on the back of the bus again, and they'll all be at the separate schools in real dark parts of town, and that'll be that. We wanted to turn the clock back more than 100 years you understand. The court rejected the summer or case in December when moderate justice San Rene will kind of whistle on the bench. The outcome of this case will turn on her successor, the anxious Faishista Samuel Alito. The mother case is at appeals court and upheld Seattle system, which lets students tick among high schools and then relies on tabricers including race, to decide who gets into schools that have more applicants than openings. The lower court echoes down, but it'll be played a bit more loud there, you know. Apparently hint about it. See if they were worried about having like quality schools, which almost none of them exist in the country, then it would make sense, you know, but they don't. They're more consider about, well, who's getting to go in here and how many dark folks and how many white folks and how many speaks to this, you know. What does that have to do with anything? Because let's face it, birds of a feather flock together and the most people want to live over their own kind of people, you know, the white people move to this suburbs and the dark people, they get less than whatever is left over. And they hear it wholly as they take over some other part of town like Kendall. We'll be taking it all over. So where I know, we sure reproduce and fast enough to do it outside of that. You and the Muslims, my God. I think that's going to be the forget about the Jews man, they don't reproduce at all. I think it's the final battle is going to be between Hispanics and the Muslims, they're going to do it out. Yeah, we have days. Now, thousand and ninety one votes. Yeah, and at the last minute, the Germans will come in again. Look out, look out now. They always find the way. Now, getting back to tomorrow being a very important day, moving important day, marketing the account. Or should we take a call for a stovity QAM hello. Hey, how's your face? W2A and hello. Okay. And one more. W2A and hello. B's of all coming. B's of all. How do you do? Okay, there you go. Alright, say try to stick to them over there. Don't have any real ones. Feehole Iowa. I don't know where the hell I did. I've heard a fruitful hold of the jersey. Jackie Lee, a freehold raceway man. There come here comes Carmin on the outside. Here comes the catman. Look out for him. A number of panic Christian ladies across America are scheduled to give birth on June 6th, 2006. Tomorrow. This day raises concern among church members because numbers. No, no, it doesn't really. Yes it does. Since the numbers of that day also identified the son of Satan and the beast from the book of Revelation. Oh, the beast is going to be on all day tomorrow. Let's let that be a good gimmick. Let's have the be. I love you. Do not. There you go. No decent Christian family wants that little red bottom of the devil spawn first on their limit of the family tree. Looks like those. What are those chimps? Well those monkeys with the real red ass. Oh, yeah. Oh, my god. Those are most robust. Yeah. Put some clothes on for Carinaela. Oh, the reason I saw that is because remember the scene in the old man. That's where I seen it. That's right. Where she's driving him through the. To the. I don't know. I'm going to come here. So far. Right. And a bunch of bad boons all freak out. They see demon is in the car and also. And then they jump up. With their ugly red ass. Oh. And the funny part of it is that Lee Remick also had an ugly red ass. No decent Christian family. I want to say a little red bottom of the devil spawn first on the limit of their family tree. Taking a dump on the branches below much less sitting in a high chair at the dinner table. Listening on family prayers. Like quietly finalizing plants to minimize mommy with the family vacuum. As such land over Baptist creation science scientists have put together a checklist of recommended actions. One should take if their baby is being born or was born on O6. O6. Which is tomorrow. This is where you're. This is all made up, right? Somebody just this is. On the horse. It's. It's for fun. Okay. Land over Baptist church dot org. A true Christian perspective on local national and world news. The largest most powerful assembly of worthwhile people who ever exist unsaved are not welcome. It's a satire man. It's too long. I'll get to it. And it's parts of it. I'm sure I can't read on the air. I'll go just dump it. Right. Or not. John Joshua. He'll be all of our work. Let's think on Joe. Think on Joe Mala. We got 1100 votes yet. Almost 1096. Is that an incredible or why? And I just refreshed it now. They're coming in by the ones now 1097. That's because they're hanging on the edge of their seat waiting to fight out if their kid is going to be born tomorrow. If your kid's going to be born tomorrow, man. I'd stick it in some water. Just emscolting boiling water. A couple hour breathing exercises. There you go. Stick him under water without a long. Cube. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628. Oh. Oh. This is the honor. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hours. The former being Owen is saying, give one to golden quince. They say the media cross and they get that this. But from where I say it's so long, man. Crazy, cosy girl. I hear she wanted to be as crazy as this time before. But I think that one lady beauty has some gold. She never turned up with rain, no stone. Who's now lived in this hall. And the males are you all close. You're not that hot. Better not late. I said I'm late. Can't but attention. Throwing potentials. Not for years of marriage. Who make it a more than movie rich. I'm not a catch with someone's cellar calls a bitch. Take your money, go away, shot on. Cos there's no freedom. Oh, my god, oh, I got you so full of money, go away. You better arrest when you want a sword of craft because you get same green. You won't. I thought you'd die. And then at the speed first, we'll send you off had a mirror. You won't marry. You've been married for four years, well. No way, I didn't do that. She's married to another snake, great. But what kind of snake are you coming to mind? Better not late. Are you one pill? You're not that hot. Better late. I'm sending money, robbing one of these. It's one or two at five, 60, WDQA, and do I sound a little nasal today? A little bit, but it's fine. Oh, well, it's fine. I got to get rid of the allergy thing. I'm sure that's what it is. I tried changing season man. Anyway, getting back to this if you childish boredom are on 666. Here's the checklist for Christian mothers is my child a devil son. One. Ladies, keep your life's cross until after midnight. A true Christian lady always keeps her knees together and June 66 is no time to stop. As your demon child roughly pushes and kicks, causing your lady hold to die like to the size of a drainage pipe. Keep your knees locked together all the time. What was that? God, I think choice is going to be over there and a half an hour. This will give you the manning child a wonderful, or unless that he can't always have his way. To underscore this variable, this will vary messages. The devil child flops around trying to claw its web to the human world to do Lucifer's bidding, continue to wobble in a loud voice. Low a low a low, I can't fear you. Two. Or kids better. Oh, God. If at all possible, you're back to the doctor and do so to be born earlier. I need a call to get in kind of late. The most reliable method, notification sciences, to get him up at a go instantly in the labor, jump in front of her, which he leased, expressed and scared the victims out of her. If this doesn't prove scary enough, we're devibled to her. Otherwise, FedEx, a love process and gift of two grand to land over Baptist church freehold Iowa, as soon as you check, there's a little signal information out of a form, a creation birth reduction. You know, we got a method for scare in the women, according to that story there. Yeah. Let me scare you for you, see what I'm going to say. All do it. He would do it. Reduction will cause them as it gives birth to her three days out of her expected due date. If you have a weak stomach allergies to dry locusts and cannot drink human ear and the reduction is not for you. Three. The 66th day cannot be avoided. If it can't be avoided, make sure the child is kept in a chicken cage on the hospital floor, and at the release two full grown hogs within four feet of the cage at all times. As a Bible leaving, crutch, you know that demons and pigs act like the two sides of Velcro when they're around each other, so keeping them by your newborn side acts as a godly safety net. If one of the hogs starts grating and sturdying, crashing about or just playing acting full of the devil's business by emptying its vowels over the hospital floor, get it out to a lake and drown it as soon as humanly possible. And you don't have to be a Christ-Colian's you to know this. Goodness gracious. Don't eat to bacon. Four. Make sure you check under your child's testicles for any peculiar markings for it is not upon the head as the hellbound Catholics incorrectly believe, and by all other indications for the last ones to be wrong in this regard. Rather hidden in the rusts given on the naked other newborn's tiny tallywacker, or slightly inside the anal cavity that one should be looking for any sign of the evil one. Creation scientists observed they so called taint, the disagreeable area between the genitals and the amists is where demons are more selected to post messages for each other. Five. Place your child in the care of our creation side, his for a period of ten days. During this period they will perform a Bible crawl in conduct creation science experience on your newborn to determine if it needs to be shipped off to the land over back to the stone for the demonically possessed in North Dakota. The shipping charges in five years of care cost will be built monthly to the same credit card account you use when you drop off your child with us. Six. You might decide as many Christian families you need to have before you, that it is best just to sell your child to the cause of creation science. Our lab and research sentable pay $18 a pound, 17 cents a pound for mixed race infants for any child under the age of six months. In making this to continue you can rest assured that you do something for the cause of Christendom. Your family will be helping creation scientists better understand Satan's handy work in early childhood development. This greater understanding will better prepare us in case God forbid we have to suffer. There is a post tribulation or rapture. If that is ever the case, then we know about the enemy to better. And seven. Last but not least, buy an enormous tool Korean wig that cascades stick lots of hearing down your back to your waist. June 6, 2006 is no time for pregnant woman to be walking around looking like a young boy. Unless you've been mistaken for a mehaphero. Thank you. It's very cute. It's a type of auntie business. I can't wait to think it is. I'm speaking to that. So I speak to them a long here. I mean granted everything has got you know literary license and we can't can. It's just a movie but the original woman that was on over the weekend with Gregory Schmeck. He goes through all of this business and the priest dies. The thing comes down and stabs into the heart and all these freaky things. And I mean at this point he knows that Damon is the auntie Christ. But no, what does he do? As soon as it gets home and of course by this time his wife Kathy's already dead having been tossed out the window and falling to the top of the ambulance by what's your name? Whatever anyone. He goes home. There's Damian sleeping. Okay. So now to sleep. Now can you man you talk about a straw. I definitely strong sleeper you know. Right. I mean how could any kid or any human stay asleep. He's pushing back his hair and he's cutting and cutting and there of course is the six six six. Oh my god. Yeah. I mean that one takes it pushes the imagination just a little bit. I like of course anything else in the movie. But it's good. Then they certainly didn't need to be make it. That was really a bad idea. Really terrible idea. They're not going to stop. They're going to keep remaking everything. They're going to keep them. They're going to keep them. And all the remakes are proof of that. Just wait till the new godfather comes out. All of these big tackers. Oh yeah. Can't wait. The one starring P.M.E. Herman and Pupi Compo. That's right. Carotop is a sunny clear. Carotop is a sunny. And the Don Mats is a frato. All of Don Mats is dead. I think it's all. I don't know. When he made it. He just died for Christ. He said you better get with it. I forgot. It's one thing on you. Some of these guys have been dead for a long time. We keep for like buddy hack it. Right. 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 12, five, But he hack it. You should be on Mark Murphy for all the time. And so it was Chris Atkins. He was on the river. Which of these people are things are most tired of hearing about. Time crews, 256. Range Elena, 236. Natalie Holloway, the Aruba chick, 199. Well, if they were stop talking about her being across the innings. He grace of both of them. They're going to have to be low. Maybe they can find Sandy Payton somewhere. And they can all share and bishops body. Illegal alien, 71. I heard there was enough to go around for everybody. Illegal alien, 71. I hate this pool 66. Iraq 58. And American Idol, Erwin, man. Yeah, Iraq 58. American Idol 57 is pulled out of shack. He's only got 47. Joyce, 31. The Dukeler cross team 13. They're back together again today. Man are reinstated. Who cares? British beer is 13. And our ran only seven. So let's look at it this way. The things that they want to hear about. Iran, British beers. The Dukeler cross team. And Joyce. And that pretty much. That's pretty much it. And hate. 560, pound five 60 and the Verizon senior wireless line. WDQAM. Hello. Not there. Okay. That's it. That's it. The lake. What is that? About eight minutes. 30 minutes. That's what we really ought to do. In fact, you know something. What we ought to do is go like at a 45 minute delay. And then we could leave like a 115. And this is not like a good idea. It sounds like I'm trying to leave. I love it. And then let it just all play out. And catch up. The next step in the ongoing saga of indecency legislation. We could happen this Wednesday. June 7th. When the House of Representatives expected to put the Senate's version of a bill that would increase fines for decency violations to 10 times the current amount. The early times reports that President Bush is expected to sign the broadcast decency enforcement act, which passed in the Senate last month. The auspicious fascist took a sandbrown back of Kansas who sponsored the bill. Ah. Set on Friday that his passage was a victory for children and families. Right. And anonymous broadcasting is second to full the times that he feared the bill would leave even further changes behind the scenes in industry. For example, more delays in all eye programming like our 75 hour delay. Even news and sports rug cast in case of any possible slip-up. It's already caused a chilling effect. These executives said it's going to be even more so because now we're looking at numbers that are really big. The new maximum final become 325 grand per violation. The House version of an indecency bill was even stronger than maximum final 500 grand. However, the House chose to go with a Senate bill rather than debate that differences between the two pieces of legislation. The Times reports that the bill will be considered tomorrow and voted on the following day. I'm just special rules generally reserved for non controversial legislation. And AB spokesperson Dennis Worton gave orders the organizations official stance on the bill saying, and if he's related to programming content, any be believes responsible self-regulation is preferable to government regulation. A lot of balls statement Dennis, what a ballsy thing man. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yes, sir. What I want to know is you're playing that thing about the, the woman, the bride that took off. Yeah. Would you ever play the original that you make fun of? What are you talking about? The thing with a dumb guy and he wants her to get her for a few some years. Yeah. You know, I never heard the original. So I, you know, what original? What are you talking about? What are you? Wasn't there ever a original take that she made to the police or to the, Oh, my God. Oh, you wonder why I take a brave limited number of phone calls between that guy and the, and the olive oil guy. I don't know what was going on. That was gold. What are you talking about? You're right. You're right. I mean, we're not taking one out of the blood where we punch one up man. They were special. The best call of the year. That was a year. That could have been the best call of the new millennium. Wow. That was special man. Just like that corn in deliverance. That sure was special. Like it would be surprised that this guy came from maybe he was called from Aintree or Lutz. Wow. I got a Lutz story. I saw that story. The college students found it in the balloon. That's right. They were sucking helium and they discovered it. So you shouldn't laugh, but I will anyway. Why? I'm going to laugh at that story. Well, you got two dead college students in your laughing about it because they're stupid. Well, we didn't let's see. Jason, acumen, and Sarah, vitamin both 21. We didn't see what they looked like. You might not be laughing. If they were cute, you wouldn't be laughing. You're right. I'll wait. They were ugly. They said, oh, there's nothing. That's just the way we are. You're not seeing him in an insistemian nature. We always sympathize. We always empathize. We're not empathize. But we feel very strongly in favor of the really hot looking people. The other way people, you know, so of course, you know, what are the people thinking about us? And right. It's a way cause. Hey, if you're a cigar smokeer and you like to kick back with a good premium is Stobi. And but he is cigars by Tulib or Hanayahs for you. He started to find cigars that made with first grade tobacco, processed and aged up to 10 years. But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find to a worker. But he had gold a flash of flying it's a 91 rating by a cigar fish and out of cigar and set her and nine foot one rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavor and well balanced full body nicobacuan cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also, try to be here the sale the hottest release to ground last 10 months. It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of cigar and set her. A big powerful cigar man, a gut blaster, a complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with additional spice and a note of charred wood. And it gets you 40% off on all the cigars. Be sure to tell them that old that ancient the arrogate, totally caught. Like I said, you'll save almost half off 40% off on all the price of the cigars. Call them that toll free number 1-835-1-800-1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A- A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-An Q-T- Aldeigh-P I so need to get in there don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Lane on the can one day But finally emerges from his fortress a fecal matter You know Come think of it. I don't have to go that bad David Lane on the can this time around he's making other people hold their breath and here I thought that that was reserved for Batman a robin the fortress of fecal matter Right goes to show you lots of dominion 118 at five 60 every come we got Kimbo Bo camp were coming up or two and in of course We got Mad Dog four to seven to seven to seven three solid hours Because the marlins are on the west coast plain the giants and very bonds. Goldies 7 to 9 49 A lot of everybody's watching a hockey game and the marles at the giants pre game 9 40 game 10 15 will be I'm sure that Josh is gonna be glued with TV said watch an Edmund Finn in the Carolina Now I'll fix a new the right I just have no interest. I couldn't name you a player on each team. Yeah, you could Carolina Got me buddy my hockey buddy. Come on the wizard. Yeah, the wizard Ray Whitney. Yeah, okay. Told you there you go. Is there anybody like like world renowned? I would know on either of those two teams. No, no, okay Chris pronger who? Um That's not I mean not word renowned. I mean like Great needle those grassy and play an unenimal forever. It's an remark miss you. You were even if they were We're over now you even know Johnny Bauer from pop of ours. How much you know about huh? I know my lord a panthers from that do you know I'm gonna go through that again. Oh my god That's not let's say the investment probably so exciting the first that Yeah, it was amusing. I will not as good as some of his spelling caster Now getting back to this thing about the indecency bill of the guna pass on Wednesday and your president's gonna sign it and everybody's gonna Like climb up in it. I'm not even sure after Wednesday if we're gonna be able to say that again So let's yeah, let's make up for it now Yeah, say it several they were gonna be able to take any No, that's the only very Sanitary one I had a follow up on it column by ways this from all capital hill blue dot com it says here's a laugh Comer and of course I interrupted the segue there because we took that very important calls a good thing I did If we didn't miss that call we didn't miss something Oh my god, we play the original yeah, oh it's coming up It's coming up in 2015 on the Bob we keep a mobile camera show here's a laugh Congress is gonna determine what's decent question mark The House of Representatives that many call the most corrupt and scandal written in modern history Pines to vote next week. I wanted to adopt the Senate plan to increase fines to 325 thousand dollars on television radio broadcast stations If I leave decency standards parents groups and some lawmakers have pressed for two years for higher fines to discourage Broadcasters from raising the level of sexually provocative content or profanity the call for bigger fines came after a pop singer Janet Jackson's breast Was briefly flashed during the 2004 Super Bowl half time at a payment show 20 CBS stations were fine a total of 550 grand for that incident the House plans to begin debating the Senate measure tomorrow Unfold on Wednesday said Kevin Madden folksman for House Majority leader John Baino and Ohio Republican and the fascist The Senate will approach would increase fines Tenfold from the current level of 32 thousand power to provide a relation the House last year passed a different measure of a boost fines to have a million person Would require communications regulators to consider we vote in the station's license after three violations. However Would relatively two congressional work days left before the November elections at chairman the House Energy and Commerce Committee Representative Joe Barton recently said he was willing to accept the Senate version of the decency measure some conservative groups Also have pressed the house to adopt a Senate version of the bill Federal regulations Barb C material from being here and limit broadcast television radio stations from showing in decency material like Sexualized placent scenes are profanity and these in content is only live between 10 pm and 6 am when children are less likely to be watching or listening Dammit the House version were also making these you for the FCC which enforces the decency standards define individuals who violate the regulations Typically when the Senate and House of different versions of a legislation and negotiating Communious created a reconcile the bills which can be ten consuming. Oh, I just farted The alternatives for one chamber to consider passing others legislation this ordinance spoken for the NABC So I Got that NABPambi wimpy wimpy response just exactly way you spent from the National Association of Wimpy broadcasts Like this that's it. I think it's a part where we got him on here That's the sound of a broadcast broadcast company striking back against the excessive Historical regulation of course this company man We've taken the FCC and multiply it 100 because we got the bitch choice over eight can't do this and you can't play those fire sounds Yeah, and then we got the new fearless leader who came in here and like you know talk talk to the game for about five minutes And then as soon as just Joyce came in and cut off his left testicle and held a knife high near three in the car Oh, yeah, well, Joyce is this in the right and Clarence is that of course Perus was devolved a long time ago So kind of a mood point when you say so you don't see him these days, and he Darkened the location I reckon really still in Vegas. I guess or maybe just ain't coming back Loots Florida, George saw this story. He thought it was wrong boy. It's not funny I don't know a paper fact. Evolution at work Loots, what do you expect in Loots rocket scientists? I expect that that story two college students were found dead in Startle and cite a large deflated helium balloon after apparently pulling it down and crawling inside the official set Why would you want to crawl inside a helium balloon line so that you could make your voice sound like that all the time without having to take Success well, it's not that he does it without the helium Not everyone has that talent. Oh, the deaths of Jason Acumen and Sarah ride men both 20-month appear to be accidental Tellsbroke County Sheriff's major bomb traders said their bodies were found Saturday partially inside a deflated helium balloon at the Infraints of a condo complex of humiles north of Tampa and Loots the it foot diameter balloon was used to advertise the complex It was more of a fun thing. They thought they were doing some Linda ride men who started was found dead You know how you blocked the balloon and sucked the helium The light is serious really suck The county medical is in and they said yesterday the cause of death lumpy released for six weeks until toxicology results come back and Healing helium can quickly lead to brain damage and death from much of oxygen according to the compressed gas association Which has helped safety standards in the gas industry they compress gas association like you guys You always remember that group. She sure compressed our gas on the air No more gas from anybody's ass gonna make it on these air waves So long that Joyce pitches and charge and she will be choice bitch another name she will be because she's the one Column all shots and the other one baby baby, but about today I was in it I will not be a confagulating with that character again. I have cut the cord there's nothing on my contract It says I have to talk to either clearance or Clara Bell or anybody who begins with a CL I don't know these people to show up every day that we're supposed to show up through a fine job and then just hope for the best That's all we can do because these people have basically Oh my god, I would say they would take it out to white flag a surrender and wave it I don't think they'd know how we're to find it or where to wave it. You know if you back to them. Yes, me Maybe it was right once upon a time. They have the little stain at this point 1149 votes and I told we're gonna go over 1200 I think we're pretty in close to it aren't you proud I'm on the fifth. Did you know less on a very in my most people aren't they out of town already? Whole lot of them are I'm sure the minute the kids got to school They grab up the kid they get that a lot of that place and I don't blame per cane season Don't get nervous, but it's okay and see oh my god Because I'm getting spy reports that the media there are hyperventilating like crazy Well speaking of six six is I don't have time for this right now after the break you see the story from a hell of Michigan No, but are gonna have a wild time there tomorrow in hell Michigan. You know I've always known the O. S. 60 miles west of Detroit First of you west at West in Northville, Downs and blue and what's the other places? Oh, I can't believe I can't think about it There was like a whole bunch of me go through on away from like Kalamazoo to Detroit on 94 And I can't think of a single one of them boy to passage of time is so bad You know Northville, I remember one. I remember that one. Why race track Northville dance Why to say it pretend that you know something okay? Here comes Terry buter on the outside whipping and sighs you know his parents a lot down there along the rail Getting lost in tours race hey clearance coyote coyote a lot That's what I'm gonna do I think from now until the end of my day of this gonna read harness names your hardest. Yeah race time Right how about the Justin Stein the Jackie it would buy 19 you will the print is Jackie What about him? Whatever happened at that great 19 you will drive her up there at Harry's in downs. I got him at that accident when hell below that kill what does his name? I forgot Brandon given's you'll give it no Brandon given's and I saw his picture on the web that one day I thought to myself if Brandon's given I'm gonna take it. That's gonna cute I was saying any got broke his leg or something that accident he left fast we'd art 27 past one at five 60 W came in a Harold Fisher in Sanne Fisher. Let's go to the holiest man. What do you say? Ray Krunk You think you could fit Ray Krunk in your trunk? Anyway, let me tell you about a great place. I doubted. He was a big guy. My he was Brandy's in poppin of beaches where to take your took these man take the carry your feet because once your feet are In bed shape your whole body is off tourists Brandy's carries all the top names. I don't know why anybody want a shop for shoes any place else because as always They're deals are unbeatable Brandy's is all the big names that you know in our black floor a shime echo mafisto rock port hush puppies new balance all the other big names It all sizes for men and women even they have lined with some hard to find sizes of brand Is it the largest independent shoe retailer on all of South Florida when you see the selection and value get a brandy You'll understand live raved about how great they are for years anymore No, I because they're unbeatable go see our good friend Arnie how make sure you get to ride fitting shoes for your feet always at the right price And the only thing they sell at brandy is the shoes. They don't sell pop up coaches They don't sell iPods in so anything besides shoes So whatever you got you know they got it in whatever you want they have it for you So you don't have to worry about size selection servers or price when you shop at brandy shoes 1290 Your federal highway and poverty trepid between the lighting purpose on the East side can't listen Brandy's open every day the week Monday to Saturday to line and every Sunday till five and this week It's a great week to shop for fathers day of brandy's get something great for your father Save up to 40 bucks a pair on men's rock port floor shime and new balance and get a figure for the approaches to what's not to like So be sure to get into brandy's and do your shoe shopping for Dan and yourself this week or do it online at brandy shoes.com Miss Sports You Whole radio five 64-weit Your headquarters for tape interviews with dumbass criminal athletes The station that turned to for sport-hole sweepers. Follow by a Mushmouth dumbass. Sound like anyone you know. And if you think they're unintelligible just because of the fall. One no Charlie Radio. 560WQAM. K-Dreens were demographic of under-educated degenerate gamblers loyal to wealthy closet gay Republicans who still live with their mother and are too cheap to buy anything anyway. I like your back. Yeah, yeah. Oh. Hey. What a good last night, huh? Yeah. You're not interviewing on W2AM. He said, no. Sport-hole radio. Is it anyone here? Why we're going that in business? No, it's not. 26 still two. Here's one of the greatest facets of all time right in the heels of one of the great calls we had this hour. From my good buddy Dick Fineberg of Pompano Park. He says, keep talking about the harness drivers and make sure to talk more about Harold and Sandy Fisher. I don't think we want to talk anymore about Sandy Fisher. But nevertheless, we already had that conversation at the track. Oh, yeah. I know my screwdriver's man. In fact, probably he would have a nervous breakdown if I started with the Dell man's season on Bobby Boe Mar and all the buddy Boe Mar was a bore. All the potty of the tabian buffalo raceway people. I wonder if the ghost of Matt Robinson is hovering over Dick Fineberg right now. The dulce at Tullins of Matt Robinson at Buffalo Raceway. And Hamburg, New York. What are the great things about going to that track in the summertime? Because the county fair was also there on the grounds, you know. I'm going to be the chickens of the ducks and the geese and stuff like that. That's Buffalo for you, man. That's Buffalo. Now I'll tell you, it's really a desperate way. You know the kids and the grandkids of the drivers that you remember are driving out and tells you really old. It's kind of like that thing with what's his name. See? What's his name? Rambo. Oh, slide. Slide the loan. Anyway, here's a square about six, six, six. How was thinking about the Dick Fleming Trotters this morning when I was in the shower? I think Joe Ligio won the race. Tell Michigan. See, that's where it was at La Volnia, the DRC Wolverine Harness Raceway. Here comes Joe Ligio on the outside, the Tipper. Hell, Michigan. They're planning a hot time in Hell tomorrow. The date bears the date of 6606 or abbreviated to 666. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. A number that carries Hell's significance. If I hadn't been surprised if they were racing to our night, which they're not a pump in a park. Miriam told him I would have raised it on 666 by doubted. And there's not a snowball chance in Hell that they will go unnoticed in the unincorporate of Hamlet. 60 miles west of Detroit. In fact, if they had racing on 666, Donald Brainer and Miriam told him to rule it all the races. Then you'd know there was something really strange going on. Nobody's more fired up than John Colone, the town's south-stown mayor and owner of a souvenir shop. I've got 666 teachers and mugs and more only ordering 666 of the items to once they're gone. That's it, said Colone and I clever. Cal Sonone as automopunti. That's his nickname, Autumn for ODUM, Autumn Plenty. Not cute? That's in Hell. Everyone who comes on get a letter of authenticity saying he's celebrated June 6, 2006 in Hell. I got news for her. If you were anywhere near Detroit tomorrow, you'd be in Hell. Make no mistake about it. Most of Colone's wears will sell for $666, including feeds to once we're in your Hell. Wouldn't you like to add that? Of course we don't need the feed because we're already in it. We're going to do our AM. I got reservations. Live entertainment and a costume contest to plan the gates of Hell should be installed at a children's play or a time for the festivities. The rate fee toll on 5 foot wide each gate looks like flames. And when they're closed, it's a devil's head, Colone told the Detroit news for a story this weekend. Mike Smitty Hickey, out of the damn sight in. Wasn't sure what kind of client tell what you have tomorrow? Well, about having fun here, we said I don't think we're going to get the cult crowd. The devil worshipers or anything like that. His varsity and searching caption is the blade devil, a very bloody Mary. Colone, meanwhile, has been in touch with radio stations as far as way as Sandy Eagle and Seattle that are rattling off trips to Hell on over 666. And that great? That is great. Oh my God. In fact, there are a few of our listings we love to send to Hell. I'll take a trip out to Hell. Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Or would you? Do you? Would you. Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? the town semi official website, they're two leading theories about how it held out its name, the town that is. The first one holds that occurred German travelers stepped out of a stage coach once any afternoon in the 1830s and once said to the other, So Shinahel, roughly translated, sub-rightened beautiful. The comments were over her by some locals and the name stuck. So Shinahel, and you could hear Wayne Newton taking Don Kishen, Don Kishen, and a very high register in the background. The second holds that George Reeves was asked after Michigan gain statehood. What he thought of the town that he helped settle, what it should be called, and reportedly replied, I don't care, you can name it hell if you want to. That's not George Reeves a Superman, that was the little before him. The name became official October 13, 1841. Not George Reeves that... Supposedly committed suicide. You know, maybe George Reeves was checking whether he would be a Superman after all. I think he could put it in his end thought, I'm Superman. I think they're above a mainon and get oops surprise. Like those kids sucking a helium there and loots, yeah, they suck. A lot of stupid people, there were a lot of stupid things and guess what? A lot of men up dead, that's man. Three bad. Kind of a rough year for Brad Cramer so far by the way, a lot of clown routines out there. Brad, come on, get on the rail and cut the crap. I just mentioned that for all my buddy, Wally, you can't see, hey, how's it going? Oh my good pal's Mickey McNickle, they even aimed a street and get thrown after him. That was after the 510 that Mickey came in fourth of the, uh, super. 242 is 560 W to QAAM. I've been telling you for years to call 1-800-Matchers whenever you need a bed. Thinking to live with an A2 hour window, you have no visible bed in consultants and much more. If you thought dining 1-800-Matchers on the phone was easy, check out their website, MacRus.com and it's a piece of cake shop on a web anytime they or night whenever the mood strikes you with product details, prices and photos. You can check out online or call a place to order and schedule a library. Get factory-direct prices lower than those so-called big sales they have at the chain stores. Plus called, month financing too. Dalamacris has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress business, silly, sort of a king coral. Simmons, temper-peed, a consterence and foster. Do it. When you call 1-800-Matchers, you get a low prices on the best brands and Dalamacris continues to be ranked number one in the Christmas set of section as they have been for years. And all of those to QAAM include a year as true. I love the service they've gotten and you will too. It's to guarantee no brainer. So call them toll-free. In effect, if you call them right now, you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. 1-800-MATTR-ES leave off the last as because it stands for Kelly Shepherd. This is Neil Roder. This is 516-816. The banana republic baby, only in Miami. In theaters now, from the director of the Divinci Code, it's the Bush Code. T-10 next month, mixed messages, can't understand. There's an ingenious code locked into President Bush's Wambling speeches. How is our film enlarged? It's a new topic. When you're so afraid, who only wants Shane on you? It will be a big fool to him. Where he deals a message that actually makes sense. I had a lot to drink. I fear of Jack Daniel and Angela. That is a problem. The Bush Code, which is the biggest cover-off in the human. I'm here to discuss our strategy. Without knowing the facts. Again, I don't have a lot of calculations. Look at this. CNN's taking a poll today on our website is a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage needed. They have 91,110 votes. Just a few more than we got an hour poll. And so far, 67% say no, 60, almost 62,000. And 29,000 say yes. So two-thirds say, we need this like a, as they say in Ethiopia, a lock-in-cup. What are Ethiopian now? What are they calling? Ethiopia. It is? We still have any Ethiopia. Come on. Get out of here. When's the last time you heard about Hailey's last year anyway? Who? What have we got? They got 91,000. We got 1176. It's not too bad. Not too shabby. I'll come up any second now. And I'm not going to put a second of it on here because he's a real total burden. This is what the Far Vision right wing, Glyum, Republicans. This is all they can come up with again. It's stirring up the hate. Oh, we got to go back. That's all they got. They're in their bag of tricks. Other than fixing elections, of course. Oh, it's speaking of that. A pro-regile, by a can't eat only one, rights of column who will worts us in, sons, merciless, and chimp who worts us originally in on her own website. But anyway, she writes, this bullshit that most hated President never stole both elections and by the way, that Bobbocinity Junior article from Rolling Stone is everywhere. Everybody in their brothers on it. The latest polls say Americans now dislike Bushmore than any other President including even Trick E. Dick, it only took the public 5 and a half years to see through him. That said, I wonder how long it will take people to accept the news at Bush Never One either and then the country has in such a nice little take 50 years to get it back to how it was when Bush took office. According to Robert Kennedy Jr.'s article in the Jr. of Rolling Stone, Republicans derived at anyone who was stressed down to about Bush's victory as not cases in 10-4-0-Hats. Well, Republicans can call me whatever they like because this, in a case, is finally going to weigh in on the subject. Bush needed to are Ohio. He couldn't win the election without Ohio any new it. So this is you might as specter with the Bush gang, the voter fraud was rampant in Ohio, described as this critical battleground state of Pennsylvania's victory on the electoral college by Mr. Kennedy. I can certainly verify that allegation rights Evelyn. I lived in Ohio at the time and I went to about 20 early before going to work and was there when it pulls was supposed to open at 6.30 a.m. I ended up standing out in the rain for now and 45 minutes when I got inside voters had to track people down to explain what room or voting machine to go to. I find it good my shame. I lived in 80-trip pristine by the way, but it was worse than that and other democratic precincts, in other parts of the state. Some people in the left standing in line from to 12 hours. Did I say Detroit a democratic precinct? Did I say Detroit? I don't know. But only those people who could miss working go without pay for a whole day and I could fire up for not showing up and as we all know those people who couldn't wait in line were certainly not Republicans, I had never seen anything like in my life, she says. I knew Bush's only election by the time the polls closed in Ohio. I knew it because in working for a major media outlet by late afternoon, I knew all the exit polls had carry winning, but by the time I left work to go home, the news channels were saying, all the exit polls are wrong. Oh yeah, right, all the exit polls are wrong. Don't people realize how impossible that would be? I proceeded to home to watch the returns and I for sure knew that Bush stole the election of minutes the news program showed him sitting with his family, pretending he'd be all apprehensive when his face and body language told me somehow knew that we know if's about it. His second term was in the bag, in the bag and like Patrick Kennedy, in the bag. After that, I went to bed knowing that the damn thief had done it again. It's worth noting here that there were no problems with the Republicans voting, no waiting in line for hours or anything else. Check it out on the internet by refusing the news articles in the Ohio at the time. I'll let well in their neighborhoods. In a nutshell, the Bush gang espuciest to believe that all the scripts in Ohio and elsewhere just happened to weigh against Kerry. Check this out. A Republican precinct in a church no less in Miami County, Ohio, recorded a 98% turnout while the Democratic Party's Senate and Intercity Cleveland, according to only a 7% turnout. And the Republicans really pulled a pass when a Warren County, when GOP election officials fabricated a non-existent terrorist strike to bar the media for monitoring the vote count. But the Bush and A against going on everywhere. And what Mr. Kennedy described to be the single most astounding fact in the election, won an every four Ohio citizens' registered vote in 2004. Showed up in the polls, only discovered they weren't listed on the rules. Thanks to GOP efforts to send the unprecedented flood of Democrats eager to cast ballots. Before the election in the New York Times analysis found that new registrations in democratic strongholds were up 250% compared to only 25% strong Republican counties. And top that off of the outright fraud that shows that upwards of 80,000 votes for Kerry and one county were counted for Bush instead. That alone is a swing of more than 160,000 votes in Mr. Kennedy, and up to put John Kerry in the White House. A few comments of the exit polls were released on article give a clear picture of this impossibility of Bush winning in all the polls being wrong. On the evening of the vote, Mr. Kennedy says reporters in each of the major networks were briefed by pollsters at 754 PM. Kerry that were told had an insurmountable lead and would win by least to every nine electoral votes to Bush's 1704 with 552 close to call. In London, Mr. Kennedy says Prime Minister Tony Blair went to contemplating his relationship with Mr. Kerry. As the last four stations closed in the West Coast, exit polls showed Kerry ahead in 10 of 11 battleground states, including commanding leads in Ohio and Florida, and winning by mid-in-a-half votes nationally. The exit polls he explains, even showed Kerry breathing down Bush's neck and supposed GOP to be the strongest, strongholds like Virginia and North Carolina. Against all these odds, experts say, these statistical acclated a Bush winning was less than one chance, in Florida than 50,000. According to the father of modern pulling, Lou Harris, Ohio was his dirty and election as America has ever seen. He looked at the turnout and votes in individual precincts he pulled Kennedy, compared to the historic patterns in those counties, and you can tell where the discrepancies are. They stand out like a sore thumb, he said, and let me tell you that it did stand out, but the main scheme he refused to hold the sore thumb up for the public to see. So how did the Republicans explain his little matter? They said that Republicans were more reluctant than Democrats to talk to the post of the winter vote. Keith Olderman was the only new person giving the election frauds to the attention that it deserved. See, there's my boy Keith. While the mainstream press was in its usual sleep at the wheel mode, just as it has been since Bush took office. And due to the press, not broadcasting the truth of public apparently bought that ridiculous line, just like people bought the lies about weapons and mass destruction, and the LKQ-Rainian nuclear threat that they were spoon fed by the press. The Bush gang could not have pulled off half the stunts that got away with since 99 had the people in the mainstream media been doing their job, and I would say, absolutely correct. Evelyn. Right? Right, but they're bought off a long term ago. Oh, yeah, bought off and intimidated. But not bought off. See what happened to Dan Rather, don't see him no more. Oh, there's your buddy on there. And our free society, yeah, used to be. I remember those days, not that long ago. 1190 votes were going to make it to 1200 if it's the last anything we do during the show. We got nine minutes, 10 more votes in fact, if I were fresh it, I bet we got like 1194. Like I said, how you like that? I bet even Kim Bo-Kampers impressed. Thanks a lot to him and press a big guy like that. Don't forget he's going to be playing the original right away, Bride tape between two and four. This is Neil Roger. Rock solid. This is 5. 16. Jesus. I'll leave you again. Play baby. I've been to Iraq nine times in the last three years. I've seen bombs and blood. I've seen death and democracy. I've seen a lot. What have I heard? That's easy. Little Ricky. Well, my friends, the town has come. Raise the roof low of someone. You don't need to shoot any guns. Get out there and clap on. I'll clap on that one. I've the minds out there in this street. If that's too much, would they put their feet? We don't choose to pop in. What we think and have those exposants. I listen to those lion milk. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. We'll get the emerald. And you'll let over. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. So, let's go back to normal. There was a small station in generic. We'll do a 3rd CorpsДаion. How absolutely cheap. The sun comes from the main camp. We'll do a 3rd CorpsДаion. Aye-aye aye, say this. No, I don't think others will see, I've got a protest on that part of fire Not much more than three faces for Huh? I've taken you to criminal and alive Absolutely As if you haven't known it's back before I've got a good one You're the one I've spent my spare time Every time I'm leaving Put them all together You're a great brand Serpent easy to see Like a girl who's a handful I fight for anything I know about that was thingy sad. I said you push up and I'll... Okay, that's good. What about Nick Salveyman? How about him? Can't forget Nick Salvey in the Consolieri, huh? Who? 277 votes. I told you we made that to 100. Now like a piece of cake, I signed off a log man. Like falling off of the edge of a cliff. I can't like if we are a QAM here. Anyway, we got Kim Boke for coming up next. We want to apologize by the way that we took four hours out of here at the heart of your day. And we didn't get to a intensive. We'll see that for the spoiler. They'll make up for it. All believe you may trust me. Magdog 4-7 and Gildy. 7 o'clock tonight. Bye-bye.