The music's pressed on the previous purpose. I feel like we are working together to begin with this whole conspiracy. That would be bad. The biggest need for stuff that's talent. This is 42560 WQAM Miami Forte, Waterdale. You're out here, Scott. Yeah! Coming live to a small club near you. It's a Mac and most hated. That's right, y'all. I'm speaking about K-Stay. Yo, yo, popo's out, popo's out. Yo, yo, this be K-Stay Kevin Federer line, y'all. Yo, why ain't y'all haters been by taking my shows? That's right, y'all. In case you didn't hear cause obviously y'all haven't heard. I'm taking the America's most hated tour around the country. Now in case y'all didn't know, I opened with popo's out and I closed with it. And just in my die heart fans, I played in the middle. And then again, I played in the encore too. So in the words of my Portuguese friends, popo's out, popo's out. In other words, girl, bring your ass. The following is a testimony of from an African-American man who's one of K-Stay's boys. Now I'm playing for real. K-Stay got street-crank. Not really, he does. Yo, just listen. Yo, yo. Come check out, Cuffette. Not dog that's K-Stay. Damn. Come check out K-Stay. Live in concert. He is one of my top dogs. And me and a lot of my other boys frequently hang out. Yo, don't I read in this shit. Yo, check out K-Stay. Plenty of tickets, steal a valuable. Good, good ticket. Really good ticket. And the man of fact is from Rotigus Lab. Two for one. Yo, just me and me out front. The tickets are free, don't just check out K-Stay live. So like many of you said for a long time, Brittany's taste obviously is in her Tush. But it's a 10.02 or 5.60 in WQM. Happy Thursday to you, November 16. Wow. Yeah. Exactly. So thanks to Georgia's Day, it seems a good thing. It's for two of us that I had a trip to wood by him because otherwise, otherwise, what would it mean? It means a fool. I would have forgotten to put the engines. I did it when I had a little lost. Although yesterday, there is something they do nice, which is very unusual. And that is that holiday time, which is like this time of the year, they like all regular plungers, depending on how much you plunger gets out. They can tell by tracking your card. They give you a holiday gift. I mean 500 bucks again this year. Wow. So that diminished my losing considerably yesterday. So I don't know that bad. But anyway, I'm changing the pool because that was my bad living Indians off the pool. Of course, leave it to George. He knows his engine. I still got a lot of guilt about that. Yeah, because he used to be a good killer. But anyway, so they're leading the pool. Won't get to that one. Now, am I supposed to care about the story about the robber and clerk in the emergency? I'm not going to get to the emergency. I'm not going to get to the emergency. I don't know. I just feel like he's very much for the fact that I don't care. It's just boring story. I mean, there's a lot of stuff I read. It's probably pretty boring, too. But not quite that boring. More bad news from Iraq. So Eric Reed was on his mind. Did he say guilty? That's right. You got to stop doing that, that switching over until about 9.59.30. I get so depressed. Gildy was on, I mean, I'll talk about an audience killer, a show stopper. Panthers in the Canadians tonight, all the frowns would be their theme, Akarina. The Montreal Canadians and the Panthers. I'd say that at the Washington Game on Monday, if there were like 8 people there was a lot. I think they just moved around a lot. 13 people were killed in 9-wood in various attacks in Iraq's capital this morning. As the bloodshed, are they in a civil war? They're close to a civil war, yeah. You're a medium man. They should only rot. In eastern fact that Governor Nophen Farron of Baker, we killing 9-and-a-wonding 2, once a video was killed another wounded in the same neighborhood when the roadside bomb detonated when a bomb agrande. The South Western fact that once a video was killed another wounded when a bomb strapped to a bicycle exploded. It sent to a bag that two civilians and were killed five-hoded by a car bomb planned on the main road. Today's violence comes in after 17 people were killed in attacks around Baghdad. It just chaos is what it is. And we caused it. There's so much blood on America's hands now. It's like an ocean of blood. Like a sea of blood. What I do with the yesterdays for result, I just, I think I just tore it in half. That would be bad wouldn't it? Somehow. So I guess what I do is I click on view previous and there it is. Well thanks to you, Eric. Eric, he's got it. He's got it laid out for so easy there. Now, yesterday we were streaming and it sounded really great according to the audience. One guy said usually on the streaming online, it sounds like like we're talking to a toilet paper roll. So I took, I ran out of a toilet paper and one rule this morning. And I have an answer for you on why it sounds better. Why does it sound so much better, Joe? Told me yesterday that we have more bandwidth now. Woo! All right, right. I got bandwidth. So now that it's going to sound that much better every day. It's nice and online. Crystal. As opposed to talking to a toilet paper roll. I'm Jesus. Never did a show up. Maybe I'll do the whole show today. And talking to a toilet paper. Now if you could just get to take a helium and that toilet paper roll. That would be really great. That would be special effects. Which religious group is the most malignant that was yesterday's pool. We had 14, every 85 votes on that pool. Sixth, how many we have? I don't know what we got. But that was the day before we had 1600 during the show. How can we have 1600 when we had a total of 14, 85. Got him, I stupid or what? Yes. Old and stupid. Which religious group is the most malignant? But born again Christians just kicked ass in his pool. 720. Nobody came close to you. Bordigan Christian Fanatics. You lose you. Not jobs. You evildoers. 720. Nearly half. 48.4%. Pick it on them. Poor born again. Christians. Muslim is 384. Scientologists, 121. Way out of proportion of their percentage of the population. That's amazing. Scientologists. You see a Scientologist on the street. Just yell out. You're fairie. Outs are you'll be spot on. I hate this pool. 177.2%. Catholics 80. They got off the lookout. I thought really easy. This one. And Orthodox Jews 73. That was then. Let's see. View previous view current. There we go. That's like magic. It was like magic. It was like magic. Què. I was already got 960 votes. 968. That's great. So I think our goal is a 1000. Throughout American history, which group has been treated the worst. Did we ever do this one? I don't think so. Probably. But probably. probably. We've done them all. So I left Indians off. They're in George luckily. Thank God that George was right on top of this. He thought, oh, man. Indians. We had the white man has done so and disease and we genocide them and broke every treaty But other than that yeah, but we smoke the old piece by that with a little cattle on the scrubby Residence is four hundred and six treated badly Blacks three hundred and twenty nine and then it's a that that's it that's the only After that is away down to Jews 72 gaze 49 women 47 I hate this poll only 37 3.8 percent Well, I'm glad they like it gay should be in third. I mean everybody's still messing with that You know in the American data episode you sent me this is a great line in there. He said gays are what blacks used to be in a movie Yeah, the new black. Yeah, it was a new black. He had to treat him bad Catholics 15 and Mexicans only 13. Oh no tell it to Lou Dobbs. He won't be too happy about that All you Mexicans turn on a go broccoli a can from immediately What the Special effects That way and maybe online will some better than we do So like they're Clinton bit with Hillary in the background Chains and chapter qual it's just played that You're not gonna come in to playing the world. It's referring my mind isn't that replayed yet. Yes. It is not that bad They want paying too good yesterday be honest with you and speaking of that This headline tells you everything you need to know about South Florida and the so-called medium And you people have to hurt in the Sun settle you are an absolute joke and nobody's laughing That's the sad part there's nothing worse than a joke when nobody laughs it means it's a bad joke The headline the article is by John Bernstein's fellow or bursting and Jamie Mallory we got more bad with that's why if you're listening online We sound like so crystal queer. Oh, it's big and crystal queer. We got Brady Quinn on our my space We have 769 friends by the way 769 He's not on our website. Well, he's on the website as well. Oh, is he? Well, where do I find that? He's not naked, but he's like sure listen to much too. Oh, oh, there he wow A very prominent picture right under the pool. There's Brady the noted him quarterback number 10. I give him a 10 I give him about an 85 on a scale I want good God Just a little bit too muscle bound for me. I don't think I could handle that. I give it a shot though Anyway getting back to this and stop what that Brady Quinn stuff You know I've been watching him play for two seasons now. What is it that all of a sudden yesterday got me all whipped up about him? Maybe I'm just extra horny or something like that. Maybe it's the time of the year Maybe I would like a belated birthday present find him in my bed tonight when that'd be nice Anyway So the headlines says in the Sun Sentinel 100 said Gulf Stream Park as he knew and love it even as they lose You know, this is just It's so typical and I realized that the gear people are worth the article don't write the headline. It's some of some for Jackass But that's just exactly what you expect from the hell in the Sun Sentinel those evil one are bad It's they're extracting the money from you. Yeah, yeah, so Anybody goes to a casino expecting to win is an idiot I mean, you know there's a chance you might get lucky and win like Josh's friend at one to ten grand who's a real post because he didn't share He should have given you half If he was a real friend he just said here here's a grand anyway. Listen. Listen. He got a room and paid for drinks that night You didn't have to give me money. That's good enough. He got a room for you guys. Well, they gave him a room because he won and you shared it with him Anyway, get back to the look back to that you got to shove all out today. Oh, and the good news is Josh saw the movie last night. He watched match point And it was fantastic actually told you how surprised how good it was and the ending was sensational We're not gonna ruin it for anybody because then you won't want to go see it right, but Scarlett Johansson is in there looking just as pristine and John Jonathan Reesmeyer is looking a little bit fade to me with any of these British But the acting is excellent then what he owned at a phenomenal job. I don't like him, but I'll be see one thing about me I'm fair right even if it's somebody I can't stand if they come out with something really good. I'll tell you Everyone's in the wild. I'll talk to you. I give down when I was ever came out with a good pizza. We tell you about it Anyway, you were brutally asked to think about that Brooklyn It's a good word. It's a real. It's never made She stood in front of the five dollar. I don't have time to do this before because I want to I want to go through this whole thing Because it's just it's like something revolutionary happened in Florida yesterday like How many years it's got to be like what 50 years 60 years? They've been like running the slot machines in Vegas even the old fashion ones, you know with the cherries and the fruits a lot of fruits and Vegas, but at any rate I mean like something new in revolutionary happened all can you believe it slot machines in Florida and the fan asked governor Probably squeeze his kneecaps himself said about he's probably having wild Explosive diarrhea off there in telehassy when surprised me if that whole city got swept away in a big sea of wild All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time Hell it it's much too late to confess that I ride was just for oil We hope you die of bestering more You know you're pretty sticking out But you've a never die so I will about a nice refreshing dawn on the water board that your house at black water You That most they were Ippy I'm dying out of here. Excellent news. 10 17 at 5. I don't want to get a little bit too clear to wait here, but I didn't notice something. Maybe both of you can help me out on this since you can look at it more objectively than I can, because you'll know this picture that we have here of a Brady Quinn shirtless on our website, yes you do. George, are you looking at it? No, I haven't. Well, look at it too. Just clench your teeth and look at it. I'm looking at Josh below the naval. I don't see any pubic here. That picture goes way down almost to his level. Privates. I don't see any pubic here there. Don't tell me Brady Quinn shave is crotch. That sounds awfully gay. You don't want to see him? Am I wrong? I don't know. It's going to take a while for me to get there. Minds loading down. Pretty to get where. I said for me to be able to look at the picture. Well, is that a slow connection here? I got it here. I don't know. I don't want to shock you. Yes, being the old time or that you are. But it's for a long time now. Clean shaven has become the young among jocs and people who work out. Get out of here. All right. That sounds awfully gay. Yeah, likewise, but nevertheless, he's got a second that though. Listen, there's no chest hair on a man. His age. There should be chest hair. So obviously he's shaving and where the razor stops. I don't know. Don't tell me this on a man. His age. Well, it's what I'm trying to guys that don't have any chest hair. There, guys, there are 30 don't have any chest hair. What do you mean by that? If 30 and they don't have any chest hair and they're a white guy, then they're shaving. He's 22 years old. Asians. Sometimes don't have chest hairs. And you know, the engines a lot of times. He's a little bit tear-clean. Anyway, we don't want to get the dog done. That's a lot of man is shaving. Maybe he had laser hair removal. There's her surgery. Or maybe he'd like to use his nerve or need or somebody else. Maybe she's been on that sounds really gay. Anyway. He's a near-du-well. I don't think so. Last night, this is the worst story I have ever seen. Red had the misfortune. And it's very short and sweet and right to the point. And it grow Tessk. Uh-huh. It's big and lyricaling. Last night, CNN's lyricaling confessed to Rosa and bar that he's never used the internet. King has pressed out that the internet was a viable political media because there's 80 billion things on it. When bar said she liked the internet, King acknowledged I've never done it never gone searching. He says, do you punch little buttons in things? Bar said King would love the internet if he tried it. King replied, I wouldn't love it. What do you punch little buttons? But bar ended off and to show him how to use it. King declined. He declined. He used it. And it's got the, this is on thing progress. He can't show it. Watch it. Uh-huh. What do you want from a diaper wear in fossil? Girl, with a bag. It's in the bag, Larry. You know what I mean? Good. God. These people at one living, the Stone Age. And, you know, it's just, I have no respect for that. It makes me nauseous. I don't have a computer. I don't read that with lazy, man. Lazy. Anyway, getting back to the story about hundreds of gulfs from Park of Scenew and Lovative and as they lose. So you're telling me that Brady Quinn shave's his private, huh? No, that's not what I'm saying, but I wouldn't be surprised. Oh. It's all the way. What's the purpose of that? You want this one, Josh? I mean, there's a lot of, there's a lot of, there's a lot of, but when you were giving Joe Castelo a hard time over the, the shaving, you think it's fairly standard anymore for people who are not a, a lot of women, a lot of women like it like that these days. I was in a pocket-weighted gamble. Gulfs being Park racing casino have been open for 30 minutes. And she just went to $1,000 and a single spin. When they was Dean Barker's 54th birthday, she celebrated it by becoming one of the first people in the state to play Las Vegas style slot machines. She had a decent machine, man. Maybe. This is a birthday present for myself. She said over the chaotic relentless symphony of clangs, beeps, and words, created by more than 400 people feeding the machines money. Within a half hour of the casino's opening, people had parked themselves in front of more than 80 percent of the 500-16 machines. That's pretty weak. I wouldn't have thought there would have been an open machine. Would you want opening day? In this turn? Yeah. It'll take a while. Hundreds of people largely retirees flocked to the helm. They'll be to raise track a senior to try their luck. It was at ASF Lotus Paramutrol industry. It had long-forced six to be vibrated. Flagging fortunes. In the face of the lottery, casinoships and most of all, the seminal hard rock hotel casino in Hollywood. Those engines. For the next few weeks, at least Gulf Stream Park has a lot of money. This Gulf Stream Park has a monopoly on the state for the clangs to be gambling devices, like those found in Vegas and Atlantic City. And it would bind every racetrack in Ontario, and in a lot of other places too, by. Of course, this is the Sun Settle. Marty Grow hopes to open its slots room next month. Poppin O Park is shooting for early 2007. And Danny Highly's casino is tentatively set to start in 2008. They're a little late 2008. The seminal trap currently has two slots. Bingo's down my sheans. And it's seven-floor to casinos, but it's pushing to get the class three machines to Mon. They want their reedle machines not just airzots, not phony baloney. Gulf Stream Park over its casino with no promotional campaign gave only 17 hours notice. Two hours before the new opening, plastics still hung over the casino sign only one person waited to get into the slots room. Two hours before. I thought maybe there'd be a big crowd to add Dijkman 60 a day via air conditioning contract or maybe it's still too early. It was. By 1155 more than 210 people waited in line among them. Doris keeps 66 of Davy who left the seminal hard rock wins. Demoring to play the Gulf Stream slots. If they loosen them screws up on those machines a little bit where I can put a little money in my pocket, they'll get a regular customer keeps it. Loosen the screws up. Slots are predicting their hypnotizing and the machines will hypnotize you. And you know something that's very perspicacious Doris who are absolutely correct. They are hypnotizing. Remember I used to tell you about the smooth symbol on the wheel of fortune. It's hypnotic. It is. Keep said she loves to play the slots once playing them for 36 hours straight at the seminal hard rock. Like I said Doris gets him help. I worked on my life. He said I worked for Ford Motor Company for 30 years. It's my time now. If I lose that lose if I win I win. You don't have any years to go when you're my age. He said oh she's a how old? 66. She's right. Moments before the public was allowed inside Gulf Stream Park, but state center Steve Geller, Hallendale Beach Mayor, Joy Cooper and Vice Mayor William Julian be the first to take a spin. Geller and Julie each fed a dollar bill out of a five cent lucky lemming machines. While Cooper put a dollar into a five cent super jackpot party machine. All they were playing the five cent machines big spenders baby. I'll ride. They pressed their button simultaneously. Each single confused about how the slots worked and how many credits they had. These are those digital machines. Once they're like you can clap to like 45 credits has been and you think you're playing like oldie. They played a few times before cashing out. Cooper and Julie ended up losing 75 cents while Geller won 25 cents. All right. You go Steve. Geller Democrat Hallendale Beach, Tab of the Estates, a great day for Florida schools. Some of it will go from the machines will go to public schools and say this project. It's slots for generating $200 dime a million dollars annually for education. Once each per mutualized the maximum number of machines allowed by state law. 1500. State regulators in the FDLE reported no problems yesterday. The sky didn't come off crashing down and the world didn't come to an end. And the mafia wasn't there grab everybody's money. The department was watching for slot cheat to think they might test gulstream park early said assistant special agent in charge. Michael Mann will receive the gaming enforcement team. We'd like to establish ourselves quick. He said, all right. People continue to flow into the casino well and they have to nearly evening gulstream park president Paul McCoochi. Coochi, Coochi, Coochi, Coo estimated that a thousand people in our filtering through the slot room is no way to verify those numbers. See they have to put that in. And nobody he says a thousand hour but of course the Sun sent us skeptical. Just after 5 p.m. burning merabona 30 cent of sunny house beach sat back in the chair, playing two slot machines at once, betting a $10 dollars a spitter review seconds at each hand until $250 was quickly depleted. He estimated a bit up to 550 bucks at one point, but overall lost a total of 600 since 230 p.m. his wife Barbies said she lost 700. Yet both were grinning ear to ear. We leave it in all in machines. We don't worry about taking it home and said Bernie Marabona real estate developer. It's entertainment. You're paying for the entertainment. Kathy listed her of North Miami Beach was less pleased. She said she dropped about 2500 bucks by 5 p.m. But got none of the VIP treatments she used to if the seminal hard rock VIP my ass. I've been here since they opened a not one person came up to me to say, how are you? Do you need anything? Oh, Kathy are you a funny lady and hard rock. I don't pay for anything but give me free room and free tickets. What happened to the woman who marked her birthday playing the slots? Bart, for a cock and bull story. You know what? Wow. 1966 votes on the pool and the engines are running away with it. Watch the blacks are running their ass. They better watch it. I think the blacks have got guns watching. You used to be white guys with guns and outs of black folks with guns and the poor engines still got their bows and arrows. But they got those cancer sticks. The ones with the worms in and the casinos if they get their white. 1027 a QAM. The biggest name so best talent to the business. We are Rogers. Sports radio 560. A-L. A-L. A-L. A-L. A-L. A-L. A-L. Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack,ALL. tatsächlich called Thug With the MidDractor. pray to my Kubernetes Hell. i'm javierde all night Walk all theyards amu on Howard Sagging Heaven. My favorite Boss Bay. Do I know how she wants some smell they bleed when she's down there? If I wanna get some I thought I'll say fine not Why am I not? Like the swell she held down in a place that's boys I'm changing my nose because she can get me in her cell I really have no choice if I wanna get there By back now I have to pay my way through the hair for her to come to swell If I wanna get some I thought I'll say fine not You know I'm not a good girl You got that man Yeah like for me story that takes us back to the end when Joe Costell was giving us all the Primera and how to be a real man I'm just like everybody else Back to front and do all these other half aspects I had my things to say at the time but Turns out he was more in touch with what's going on out there than some of us Wow that's not what his next wife says Ten 88 the 2018 votes on the pool already my god We're gonna have 11 by 11 Aren't you excited about that he asked in his usual judge who the hell Carey Us democratic strategies James Carville a bald head of geek Says his party should dump Howard Dean is chimered the democratic party because of incompetence Carville during coffee and rolls with political reporters yesterday Said Democrats could affect up as many as 50 house seats instead of the nearly 30 But third and they have so far there's still like still a few of them there'd like for grabs the grabbing it The reason they didn't he said is the democratic national committee didn't spend some six million dollars It could have put in a so-called third tier house races against vulnerable Republicans Carville said the other democratic campaign committee said borrowed to the hilt He said he tried to meet with the argue for additional spending for Democrats in the final days of the campaign But Dean declined to give no reason why asked by reporter whether Dean should be dumped carville replied and awarded. Why think yes? I think that all those years of Hanky Panky with Mary Madeline there that right wing bitch. I think it's affecting James Carville's majority I don't buy that What that relationship Well, I don't care whether you buy I think the law bill I couldn't care less could be between the two of them I'd rather worry about Brady Crins a shave crotch He had it I think he should be a hell accountable. I would describe his leadership as rumist felt in his competence Carville I can then I'm a credit take over Congress to the Civil War battle of Gettysburg which the Union Army won But failed to pursue the Confederate Army when it retreated. We should have chased him down Carville said there was no immediate response from Dean or the DN See That was 91 votes on the pool run the verge. We're gonna have a big day on that poll big huge humongous Humongous huge See if you're gonna try to give me a song to dance about how I'm you know straight guys all have there Well, maybe I want to win about that. You know same things like all there's a there's a demographic Yeah, it's like young active guys who are dating young active women don't have hairy crutches anymore Well, in America, you've done that study. Thanks for sharing no problem Fair channel communications ink. This is the follow up Now, I'm sure everybody's been following this very close to the other nose right inside the radio Clear channel ink the number one US radio company has agreed to be acquired by private equity firm Thomas H. Lee partners and Bane capital for nearly nineteen billion dollars Oh my god source familiar with the situation said today The bid values clear channel which has about 150 radio stations all of them sucked by the way at thirty seven dollar sixty cents a share the source said clear channel shares rose four and a half percent to thirty five sixty seven Electronic composite reading after closing a thirty four bucks on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday An announcement expected from the company later today two teams of bidder submitted office for the company sources previously told writers The other consortium was made up of private and equity partners blackstone group and coldberg crabbers Roberts Clear channel is mom they declined to comment clear channel which owns a majority stake and after advertising group clear channel Outdoor holdings ink said last month it was evaluating strategic alternatives for its business in her investment bank golden sacks To advise it and the first thing that the new owners will do is a fire people have to be number one order Been there his ass ain't gonna happen while it should happen. He's like a cockarroch Yeah, we would part of that the roach part that the cocka part He's cocka man all right back that wouldn't be surprised if he was in Virginia they'd call him macaca junior Throughout American history which group has been treated the worst we have 112 votes already 1102 and it's only 1036 all the numbers all the time If I let's start interspersing QAM sports time I love my toilet paper. Well, something is exciting is When you had your big debut there, where'd hell is that? Oh, no don't tell me I don't have it. What's that called? I don't know your doctor. I'm gonna call purple haz. Oh, poitle veins point point p-y Yeah, yeah, people and then spell people. That's how Brian spell that so I'm not just for you Nate poitle and my DCS What do you find oh it's in here because I played all the time? Of course. What the list is it under mhd dash Poitle Oh, God Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay, wasn't he more than well, that's a judge by the way on the uh comb. That's right. That's my musical You know, now I have no fubicator comb. Wow, that's not where I'm using the comb Throughout American history which group has been treated worst 1102 Indians for 156 those poor ass Indians Blacks to 1180 Jews 84 days only 56 women 53 Well of course, how can you treat gazebag because it's been in the closet all the time so right when they come out they get treat bad Women 53 I hate this poll only 42 and we are 3.8 percent Catholic 16 and the Mexicans 15 and Jaxu don't shave their pubic here. We'll be putting that on later Well, that is a real fly open in the way. Shave is not necessarily the right word Grume might be more appropriate for them different levels of grooming some people Trin was gonna say Grume with a broom, but maybe with a swiffer duster some people just use the clippers etc So on there's different levels a great is that a swiffer duster in your pants or you just excited to see The opposition I got news for a man. He's a shaving it and this business about you're so out of touch with reality This business about a guy his age is just got a heralist body a must not a touch you're out of touch He I'm gonna ask you this how many young naked men you who see more mere you listen He must have shaved his no sorry. I'm gonna answer the question Josh none? He shaved his chest no see I don't have to see a lot of not guys to know that men grow chest hair unless they're Asian or Indian wrong All right, wrong absolutely wrong Absolutely positively wrong. There's a lot of young guys don't have any hair in the question when shave his chest at least and is not Who knows you you get back to me on that one? Oh One thing about George even when he's wrong, but he is a hard-assies I'm not wrong and just the stuff. I don't think you're as active as you as you pretend to be hate you like poison is trying to poison your Rolime jumping to get know the action you claim it be getting the okay whatever you say 21 before love it at 560 WCM your hairy station for the new millennium not anymore You used to be but now we're shaving that's right Maybe they're gonna there be some chocolate shaving senior ice cream tomorrow What can only hope? Hmm Jackson is gonna be the station again tomorrow with big tons of ice cream for Josh and maybe for George all or he's starting to get on my nerves But anyway, and they're also gonna bring some of them national tele a foot longs too The legendary Jackson's ice cream parlour in Tane you beat his celebrating their 50th anniversary They're one of the few there are a few businesses or people or anything around this been around softwater longer than I have Being the old toe denying us what I've been told oh my god, you're breath so beautiful Hello friends I am the Reverend Tane Haggerd former president of the National Association of Evangelicals I have taken Early retirement from that fine organization to push you another colon not a higher colon really more of a lower colon Much much lower and even though president Bush won't return my call anymore and I've been kicked out of my church I found a new home a new home on television We're getting that Sunday the Bravo Network will premiere my series a queer eye on the preacher All the premiere episode my special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris It wasn't he cute to put him with that little doogie house or MD Neil and I would have scum several important topics Including whoian is a massage more than a massage So I'm who sign evil man, but really how did those boxers show it? We'll review the new fly I can see the Pan in the sports segment of my show We'll open play in the Reverend Tane Haggerd cohort tournament That's clear on the preacher guy with my The Reverend Tane Haggerd some days on Bravo Be so much fun you'll think you get snorted math with a male escort 1045 at five 60 WQ and we got mad dog at two We got that big power hour between four and five with the mad dog and the Humper Hank who's yet to use the internet Then we got the Humper a solo between five and seven paths are preview with seven o'clock passes any Montreal Canadians at the macaroon in 730 followed by the any K show from Las Vegas Now it would seem to me that being the evolutionary kind of guy that you are That you'd understand and with all the respect of the pissed off caveman in the guy co-spots You'd understand that as years go by man is becoming less and less hairy He doesn't need the hair to protect him Absolutely losing our ways of teeth. That's correct So maybe 100 or 200 years all will be here like here. Oh, that's correct So as a result of that more and more young man don't have any here October 27th by the way was Brady Quinn's 27th birthday for those were keeping track 22nd so Eric Being saying that the Shylock home is that he is he writes in the little chat box here Google Brady Quinn's Shaves and see what you get in my computer almost blew up because apparently he does lots of it And he doesn't stop at his chest So I'll let you do that research all these articles came up about the All the shaving that Brady Quinn shaved his arms and legs logs and yeah, oh, that sounds very yeah, I'm sorry And I am you know something I can't stand by the way and I'm not gonna disagree But I understand from the athletes and you know that they're all straight That that's common in the athletic world What is that shaving your arms and legs shaving everything yeah Because how about you because the rationale being as as they explain it because you know They have to they have to tape their legs they have to put things on themselves like Ben Gay and they don't tape their arms What are you talking? Whatever I'm like I know this is what they say and I sure as hell Don't be tape in there. I don't think how do you know well, maybe they are Maybe they would have a bunch of protected tape around it. It's just a fact Weber's internet streaming is breaking up and it's unlicable said Tell Neil please to correct it maybe they're tweaking it again. I'll Well, let me take a look at that. I don't see any dropouts on there So whoever sent that is just a trouble maker. Oh this morning there was a fact from Amy saying that the archives were screwed up the facts It's a Josh but Josh doesn't have anything to do with the archives and Amy the archives Roney is good as as they are recorded based on the feed that day So there's nothing we can do with how many complaints now they are too much folks the prices right We're gonna start charging if you don't stop bitching so much the archives are gonna be in the better quality now So there you go Amy from your daughter me that we got better quality because we got more bandwidth and now we get the first thanks We get internet streaming is breaking up and is unlicable and seeing what we're saying It's so much was through a total of paper roll, but anyway Here's one if It says it's odd when he's prettier than the when the brother is prettier than the sister and I mean pretty or not better looking I have no problem saying he's pretty damn good looking man I've established this is from somebody allegedly a heterosexual note out It says I mean Brady Quinn is pretty too pretty he looks very wise in the ways of exfoliants and well Verst and manicures in pedicure pedicures Maybe he doesn't metro sexual wow his sister looks like a horse. It's his Oh no now I got to see a sister What's hurt a secondly after the one-order game game I want to see a Brady was congratulating his roommate slash teammates I'm African dude with an am I can't remember and swear look like they were going in for a kiss before they realized TV cameras The eyes of the fans around him right Boy talk I I thought I had a wild imagination. This is really something Now we're oh then they reported doing one-order game that Brady Quinn shaves his arms and legs So he's very very pretty look like he has unique relationship with his roommate and sheaves his arms and legs See what you ask and This past week he did interview for a game magazine with an openly gay writer and photographer with some way gay pictures way gay way gay No way way So here you go Who the hell cares I mean I saw such such cockar eye 1152 vote so to speak on a poll so you're you know you just don't get it right I would say I would say maybe not a majority But I'm probably close to 50 50 young guys like May flight from 18 to 25 our pretty much hairless from Naval ass sheriff what do we say they are I'm telling you right now mister okay? You don't know you don't know your man Okay, just six this stuff you know about okay, stick to women with Harry chest okay Women with little corn cop Beards sure Republicans Senator John McCain is creating a presidential uh I think you're spent too much time with your buddy JP there That's right one Pablo That's where that Harry thing came from that's it get a hurry thing Republican Senator John McCain is creating a presidential exploratory committee the first formal step to an impossible 2000 what has been what a surprise? How about a shock joining Rudy Giuliani representative Duncan Hunter and Like I told you just before to show this more I nearly fell off the seat when I seen it Former Wisconsin governor the cheese head Tommy Thompson Who says he surprised they haven't poisoned our food supply yet because it's so easy The cheese head who said hey drank water from a creek he was an outdoorsy kind of guy I'm back during the anthrax business During the last couple of months I'll be talking with my family friends and supporters about whether they were officially announced around for president McCain Senate's name and posted yesterday on the exploratory committees new website I guarantee he don't shave his ass Part of that decision the formation of this committee is the first legal step in that process he said This business about guys that shave their arms and their legs and their body and That's I don't you can try to convince me it sounds very gay to me. I'm not arguing with you And then the worst part about that is I and I haven't countered people like that And the problem is because if you do our naturally hearing and search gromots like stubble you know there's nothing worse than like stubble You know what I mean right now? Yeah when you stumble on the stubble absolutely it's not good no Trying to fool mother nature being whatever you are okay. Don't be afraid of you whatever you are even it's a gross in the hairy and nasty You know what stories got the most read from yesterday's website and luckily so is it today's maybe it's today's website Today's news oh yeah, it's today's the Fox News internal memo Which they discussed got almost 200 reads already. It's not even 11 o'clock yet that is pretty impressive We're starting to make a comeback on the website. How's the internet stream and coming anymore feedback? Nothing new how about some feedback like this there you go or generous That how's that both feedback why do I get a little feedback? Oh and guess what that is you know something that couldn't happen together in many years I'm ever reading that memo about we're having a fire alarm. Let me close the door. Yeah, yeah, yeah Anyway, I feel like the ball that it's half a call So that could happen again a million years could it that feedback was almost like simultaneous With that first beep from the Afar alarm test Last night and I did see it because I watched Keith Oberman if I'm in the house And there's not like some important hockey game I will face it in the house The memo said it would been written by Fox's senior vice president the umptious John moody Not related to the John moody who drives an hazel park and vice is the staffers to be able to look out for any statements from the Iraqi Insurgents who must be that the network is biased against Democrats rather than fair and balanced as advertised Of course Keith as much as we like you a hell of a lot And you get a wonderful job and you got a big pair the fact that it matters anybody who really believes that foxes fair Impalance is unbalanced. You gotta be a crazy person You know what I mean? I think what do you mean? That was kind of shocking way that all worked out with a fire alarm and then at the feedback that it was like like a segway Like I talk up you can you hear it out there got the door closed, but can you hear it? Little bit oh way in the back wind because I can barely hear it 116 votes there's the Supercellius Nancy Pelosi there oh My god, what do we need her for you know just just go away Nancy Speaking of Nancy and her boyfriend Jack Martha congressman John Martha reportedly called a democratic bill on lobbying in ethics reform total crap Two days before the house majority of the election during a vote bidding presentation before the blue dog coalition Oh the blue dog coalition you ever have a blue dog? No, put it in the freezer for while you will I've had a poitful vein Representative John Mertha told a group of democratic moderates on Tuesday that an ethics in lobbying reform bill being pushed by party leaders was total crap But said that he would work to enact the legislation because speaker to be Nancy Pelosi supported John Brezhneh and reports for rule call Martha's been accused of abusing his positions as ranking a member of the defensive appropriation subcommittee the House of appropriations committee The benefit lobbying clients of his brother and a liberally-neigh watchdog group blasted incoming speaker Pelosi for endorsing him It's September crew compiled list law makers that it doesn't it is the 20 most rep members of Congress at its beyond delay website Martha was given a dishonorable mention by the group for being involved in a number of paid-a-play schemes involving former staffers and his brother Robert Kitt Mertha eight incumbents and crews report lost their races to ethics issues notes cruise press release Future House speaker Pelosi's endorsement of birth of one of the most Unethical members of Congress shows that he may have prioritized ethics reform merely to win votes with no real commitment to changing the culture of corruption Cruise executive director Melanie Sloan be saying yesterday, and it like that All these facts is here Oh, here's one about James Carbel. I don't care about James Carbel. Okay last paragraph is the important part Right about the Georgia's absolutely right all white men even here. It's like me have some hair however light Some strands coming up in nipples a few in the middle of the chest for the more I have a 23 year old son who saves down there because everyone does now girls and boys I don't care for a boat of wine. Oh, I'm 59 year old old fart like you I see that I'm not reading the last sentence right Well, how do you like that? Oh my god See the thing is it you know, I'll grant you this that you see way more guys without their shirts off the night Even though that is correct. I'm at the beach almost every week. Whatever, but we strike guys first of all We talk to each other and more importantly. We talk to girls and what they're encountering and what they would like to see More or less of et cetera So I was they like hearing guys I was just saying me that's why they like wine. Don't be so much They don't that's why when Brian Jeremy came in the building without gold scene that they were all uglie and it's round Jeremy That's because he was Ron Jeremy, but they don't Now don't do my hair girls don't like hair so keep shaving at the Brady keep shaving Like Tom Brady for example, he's a hairy guy and like I said the other day from the chin down He ate nothing you know, and let's just put his head on Brady Quinn's body Mr. Potatoe I'll start mixing and I'll send you a saw taking really hot people's heads and putting them on hot people's bodies And then we're gonna have something really so hot you can't even touch it you send your fingers just by I think it about touching Which goes to show you we all have way too much time on our hands 1057 a QM attention man That's what Duffa always says I want to give you a kiss if you have a hair loss problem or it currently We're a hair system wasn't this for more than 40 years Chuck Alphiaries been designing hair systems for show business people politicians Jocks and more importantly every day guys slippers just like you Now people said they can always spot a hair system those are the bad ones that you see and you just fold on on the for you laughing when you go How many good hair systems go on notice they look like the real thing Chuck Alphiaries Hiciousists and start completely natural design would just write them out of here and proper recessions run your hands through it Baby looks and feels just like you're all in here like the real thing and for just 99 dollars They'll custom design a hair system for you and here's how the deal works you try for a couple of weeks if you're not happy Would away it looks and feels and smells if people aren't pausing and clawing actually like crazy It's yours for just an additional 500 bucks They're so confident that if you're not completely happy returning it your 99 dollars back So you have nothing lose but that ugly ball spot that makes you look about 30 40 years older than you really are There's enough for you can't refuse Charles Alphiaries for a lot of day like I said he's been doing it for guys for over 40 years now And so a vizematter fact called 1 800 321 2413 right now for an appointment That's 1 800 321 2413 you won't believe how much better and how much younger you're gonna look The biggest name so best talent This is wheel rotchrist sports radio 560 This is the Neil Rogers show Just fill partly honesty and dependability are more than just words they're nouns fills appearance on springer a few years ago with churches whose former gay lover may have raised a few plot eyebrows But seriously have you seen the ass and abby arch? It proved that Phil wants to keep sex education out of our kid schools and put it back TV where it belongs Phil has freely admitted pocketing money earmark for orphans and that kind of honesty is hard to find in Politicians His stand on the environment has never wavered until the dimmer industry made a bigger contribution unlike his opponent Phil Parkley knows a strong economy means supporting your right to work and Phil supports the American workers and their union bosses Because he needs the money these overpriced and underwork slackers bring in by the truckload Phil knows that NAFTA is creating new jobs Sure they're in Mexico, but a jobs a job even at four pesos an hour Phil Parkley is against raising your taxes unless he really needs the cash and ever since that unfortunate incident last week when his crack life exploded Phil has adopted a zero tower its get tough policy toward the manufacturer and sale of such faulty equipment This no member vote for and elect Phil, frankly, pay for by the community bailout Phil Parkley, misty me and your chair person It's 11 or two a five sixty wqm happy Thursday to you don't forget that path again, and against the Canadians any interest No, that's okay We need to make a special announcement before you go on. Yes, we're getting flooded with taxes and emails and Yes, own calls about the internet feed which obviously is there something wrong with it? Wow Just what we thought we got sucked in yesterday with the idea that we got more bandwidth so it's gonna sound really great And out of the internet feeds all screwed up and they're working on it so there you go It's an upgrade Isn't that or we'll kick in the ass? Anyway, here's a if you look at these fag websites Brady Quinn is all over my can't imagine why the nevertheless here's one called the hue Johnson project That's my name And the one guy has a entry on here. It says didn't be see just say that Brady Quinn shave his whole body He's more woman than his trans sexual brother. It's Because one thing about you are just you're about me. I'm impossible you're impossible That's not the point it always changed the argument What is it when you lose an argument you change what it was about what was it about all the young guys Group if they're active and they're dating their grooming. Yeah, I'll say something Josh. It's true. It's true Oh, you're shaving it to Really haven't it no Didn't say shaving grooming it Meaning what meaning I do a little trim action keep it neat 11. I'm 86 votes on the pool moving right along I'm not you know back before the joy stays at what had a wonderful liner, but nevertheless I would just give it a right along All right, skip it and hop it and jump in just like Brady For two main reasons why James Carville doesn't like Howard Dean says this thing that that facts your past long The first is that Howard Dean doesn't trash other Democrats and Carville prefers Democrats who threw their own party into the bus The second is that he's a political consultant as such many of his friends have gotten rich off commissions from TV ads As far as he's concerned all donations to all Democratic committees exist so that he and his friends can get richer Since Howard Dean is spending money on field organizers and grants to state parties his friends tend not to get rich from the party the DNC race This is at horn to Carville since Democratic Party committees exist to make him and his friends rich and it goes on But it be pitabop but a bop and it's got Also, of course, Ramom annual is most of responsible for deciding in some races where they didn't spend enough money You can read about that. I think I'm one of the articles on our website tomorrow I believe Although probably a lot of these people are gonna be staring at that picture of Brady Quinn under the pool for hours trying to see well as neowrider I don't really know and I don't care who the care is whether he saves his chance I don't know who they're proud of it I just noticed that you know from the nipple to where from the enable to the whatever your the word. They said it looks like he doesn't have any Care I said it looks like he's shaved What you're right? Yeah, but above the naval I know who knows new cares, yeah I wouldn't ask any questions Hmm a man whose violin at a rest by Los Angeles police officers with video tapes Of course we've all seen that how many times about 100 times and posted on YouTube was scheduled to be released from Jared yesterday William Cardenas 23 made another spec that appearance in LA County Superior Court He pleaded no contest one mister. I mean you're count of fleeing from police two felony counts of resisting rest charges against him were dropped It again enhancement to the charges was also in dropped Is it turning Kwaku during told reporters Kwaku Hey, WAKU Kwaku Durant said his client is I wonder if he's kind of rinder and the former fireballing relief picture for the Yankees 100 years ago Ryan Durant with those real thick bottle coke bottle glasses Durant said his client is still somewhat dismayed by the assault that he's suffering. He'd like to see justice And tell I'll let me tell you right now you can forget about getting justice in California for one justice go see don't call you That's right. That's the only the only way you're gonna get justice go see our pizah So there you go. They show that over and over a million times Can I get back to my pole there please keep getting me back on that picture again? I got better pictures than that, but nevertheless or at least they're on the internet 1196 votes throughout American history. Wish group has been treated the worst How about guys who shaved their private's inventory to pretty shabley call the gay all kinds of names? Indians for 98 498 Indians, I'm gonna have some 10 little Indians yeah, one little too little In fact, you were my name that short and bread thing mom is a little baby love short Like that short and and two fly pineapple pant outy don't you dare Indians for 98 blacks for 120 we got a pretty good battle going on there between the blacks and Indians Then after that it's strictly a two horse race. It's like a firm in Alidar way back to the rest of the pack Jews 90 women 57 and of course we don't have any women listening or women have a lot more votes than that that's right Gays 56 I hate this pole only 44 3.6 percent Catholic 16 and Mexicans only 15 15 little Mexicans And of course I knew he probably have some smart ass comment to make about Indians Mexicans, but just let's move right along Okay, no, I didn't have anything. Yeah, you would not be There well, me Hey Told you Two narratives have begun to emerge from the 2006 congressional elections The first is that Democrats who now wrote this and what I mean just jump into this Thomas Schaler in the New York Times the fictional triumph of considered Democrats That's the headline on the story, okay He says two narratives have began to merge from the 2006 congressional elections the first is that Democrats didn't want so much to win as Republicans lost The second is that Republicans who lost were beaten by a bunch of conservative Democrats There's some truth to the first one the election was a negative referendum on Bush and they were Republican Congress Especially their mismanagement of Iraq the ethical problems and their inability to bounce the federal budget or refrain from trying to distract American Public with noisy wedge issues rather than provide solutions to more pressing Problems but the second narrative is fiction and it's puzzling that Republicans and conservatives are the ones peddling it The poster boy for the Democrats one is conservative steam is heat chiller a 34 year old former University of Tennessee football Staff for Western North Carolina who played for the Redskins. We were through that the other day number five Just hours after the results came in last Tuesday the times David Brooks wrote in this space Many moderate Republicans survived despite my pessimistic expectations further more many moderate Democrats One like Heath Schaler and North Carolina Charles crowd hammer echoed the point in his watched and post column on Friday Democratic gains included the addition of many conservatives Democrats hence Heath Schaler of North Carolina Anti-abortion program anti-tax and our Democratic House member But take a closer look at who actually won and lost last Tuesday As of this writing a few recounts are pending Democrats captured six Senate seats in 28 House seats and they're also expected to once he Republican representative Rob Simmons of Connecticut Based on the national journals anyological ratings of Congress the majority of defeat at House Republicans were perched from the liberal third of the GOP caucus 10 of the 28 most liberal Republicans lost if fooding for the top 12 Jim Leach of Iowa and anti-Johnson a Connecticut Simmons and Charlie Bassett of New Hampshire Surewood Bullard of New York six on the list of most liberal Republicans is retiring from Congress and the Democratic candidate when the race for his seat As for the new classic congressional Democrats sure it includes a few self-described pro-lifers and opponents a gun control But the vast majority of House candidates in competitive races ran as a rack work critics who support reproductive choice and embryonic stem cell research want to raise them in a wage and oppose privatizing social security a pack of blue dogs L. Miller's this is not The Senate results are similar much attention has been paid to the flat top haircut in a heartland personality a farmer John tester month Montana Senator elect the way former Reagan Navy Secretary and Vietnam veteran Jim Webb uses sons combat boots Tickick out Virginia Jordan Maccaca with Allen and the anti-toss position to Bob Casey newly elected Catholic Democrat from Pennsylvania These biographical nuggets obscure the fact that these men and the other three new Democratic senators ran a strong economic populist and thundering critics of the war Republican Conrad burns a Montana close the capturing late stages in his campaign by criticizing testers a big government tax and Spender Rhode Island children White House beat the most liberal Republican incumbent senator Lincoln Chavy by running to his left In no higher Republican moderate Mike DeWine fell to share a brown who was properly named air to the late Paul Wallstone the Uber Progressive Senator from Minnesota What we wouldn't have last week was the final stage of a regional realignment one at began four decades ago in the wake of the civil rights movement and Slowly but steadily converted most southern Dixie crats into Republicans Until this year that transformation was incomplete as many foreign Rockefeller style Republicans continue to represent Blue districts or blue states and the Northeastern Midwest The West belt alignment of 2006 provided a corrective now presuming sevens is defeated queer shades of Connecticut will be the sole surviving Republican among 22 representatives from New England Although made in New Hampshire each have two Republican senators shred any of them retire Democrats will be poised to take their place The great irony of the 2006 midterm elections for Republicans is that the conservatives who pulled the party into the right to survive while the liberal wing was Decimated because the Democrats who beat those liberal Republicans ran even further left the notion that conservative Democrats Curried today is plainly absurd Conservative talking hits usually rush to paint Democrats as a pack of tenured out of mainstream liberals That's why it's so surprising that some of these same voices are now cherry picking the results in an effort to perpetuate the fixing that Republicans lost But conservative somehow one It suggests that this year is defeat so stunned the conservative movement. It's lost its messaging mode 02 for Local Democrats that may be the biggest victory of all What is then a bash without the senior wince's mouth Probably nine votes on the poll. That is pretty impressive and that's because everybody is stunning Brady quince just very very close Five-three Ricky by 1960 program I urge everyone to complain to this station to discover Diarratics is life an endless nightmare of confusion and chaos leading to a belief in nothingness or is it just me PJ why do I have dreams about my mother Is a ram page 69 why did I give my life savings to a bizarre call relation founded by a bad science fiction writer page 1999 and I worthy of seven levels are Dons are am I a but head page 25 25 Discover diarratics Flushing questions from the mind The power The movement diarratics by Melron Hub up over 20 million coffee sold and you believe I really can 11 18 there's a sucker born every minute So I just the email jasha a better picture of Brady quince on the phone there Also shirtless which you probably should put that under the other one Can you handle it put it over the other one her under the other one next to it? How I mean you want to do it? Okay put it in the background. I want to do it. Okay stick a word. I do want to stick it. That's right But anyway, I'm thinking that maybe we ought to be like George ought to be studying that picture very very carefully because if he's like Trim it in the I mean, I just I don't know it seems awfully gay to me What's pun a time in America? I would have agreed with you whole heartedly for not now time to see things man So whole new thing we're discussing it in the the girls You know they started doing it and then they started insisting that the guy is giving me a chest Whatever all of the above yeah, I'm gonna be neat and trim You're saying that the guys who they're like girly men girly guy. No, that's not what I'm saying That they must be dating and having sex with girls In some cases I would agree Paul Waldman writes on time now you got that picture yet I realize that yeah very very slow in I'm down probably the next half hour or so will have that other one up And within five minutes there'll be several all all the Queens man's a queen festival today on our website Well, why don't I not let's do something to get people on it right and then maybe just by accident Come across some of those really interesting stories on there. They'll say oh holy crap actually learn something on here today Right, right? I don't we started just about to bunch of crap a guy's who shaved the hair off their chest and arms and ass and Pupic and stuff like that Jesus got all mighty that seems awfully fay not just gay gay But fay you know what mean like his in fay Wayne Like fim Like cissified but it anyway Well, I told you when I went to a high school we used to a swim naked together in the swimming class in gym class I thought you said elementary school no in high school my dear Watson high school I made you do that in high school let me say again high school Oh my god right I'd have dropped out No, I'd have joined up for extra time in the four but at any rate I don't recall any guys and of course is like 17 18 year olds junior senior years in high school I don't recall any guys with hair and that that's a that's a sitting years ago I didn't have anyone I was 18 either I'm thinking that maybe about the time you get to be That you're gonna get hairy that that's when it's gonna start more or less Well, who the hell cares when you come right down? You're us no, I do not who brought it up I was just talking about his the fact that it looked like his pups were shaved that's on and you waited at his whole Some of the ants I did all straight guy shave their chest and they shave their arms and they shave their Right, don't now life is a close shave I think you're right. I think he saves and you were there one that went into the whole thing. I don't care How do you like that? I don't believe you what? I don't care because I don't Let me ask you this question. You might ever go to meet him. I'm gonna see him. I'm gonna touch him and I'm gonna lick his Belly no it depends on if that wish comes true. No, it's not and it won't Family live in a fantasy world like a lot of people out there. Oh, gee. I got the hats for a song Oh, well great. You're never gonna see them. It's fine. You know take a look you know look at the picture Continue you know deceiving yourself the looting yourself That Brittany's gonna won't want you gets back completely in the shape now that she's dropped a k-fet X And she's gonna be knocking on your door just beg in whatever Yeah, no it matters Let's see Paul Walman, right? See we're getting really distracted from our main thing Which is good because they don't want to hear this other stuff anymore the elections over and like I said here They're like you know They've had it they need to break now. We you deserve a break today So we submit that really good pizza from my birth and pizza See I didn't have any pizza yesterday and that's a good thing because it was Wednesday. It was a WWW It was with my Wednesday all the one I did get home last night and have some of that That little car pasta not a good idea Why don't because if you're diabetic It doesn't have like the instant thing like regular pasta on your blood sugar and send it's skyrocketing up But it has a slow over a several hour period of time. I think a slow rise You know I mean because otherwise and you're leaving like that Like that and as if he's not a wasn't a good idea So remind me don't be doing that again. Okay, I'm assume. Hey don't be no pasta low carb or otherwise It'll be before you go to bed very bad idea In fact, I may have to lay out the rest of the day. I'll see you 1231 votes on the poll throughout American history which group has been treated the worst Indian's 511 blacks 434. That's the race right there. That's the human race Jews only 92 women 58 gains 57. I hit this poll 47 Mexican 16 and Catholic 16. We had of course Mexican Catholics which would seem to be redundant wouldn't be Right you think there's any Mexicans who aren't Catholics There must be a fewer jobs. What this is I understand really Was it you were doing a story or I saw it Mexican? I hope Mexican still come knock it on your door They'll be in for a bad surprise Paul Waldman on Tompane.com says Democrats don't whip out don't win foul whatever you do please Please do I have time for this before the break? Oh, I sure hope so it's too long It's way too long. Let me just read the beginning of it because you already It's gets really pissed off on it. It's really long. You know especially the two-farter of partners You know what I mean? What do you mean? The ones that I have to carry over from you know During a break the two-farter Partors Paul Waldman Democrats don't whip out all over Washington the sage variants of the establishment Media are warning Democrats not to get too cocky Don't move too fast. They say don't push a bunch of wacky left-wing ideas See compromise give ground hue to the center for their all only they're allies the greatest prize of all the Pride of the praise of David Broder and Joe Klein the notting approval of the Washington Post editorial page and the admiration of the beltway cognizant A reserve for those who know their place and know whose rings they should be kissing Bull what Democrats need to do is spend the next few years crushing their opponents like bugs It's not about mercy. It's not about manners. It's about three fundamental goals limiting the damage that the Bush administration can do Passing whatever legislation they can in the short term to help the American public and laying the foundation for a future progressive victories Democrats finally had the upper hand and now is the time to use it and here are a few things They can do to get started and then he elays them all out investigate but smartly don't be afraid to pick fights boycott fox He says attack conservatism And what else and that's it What caught fox the fox new channel has been a reliable megaphone for what house talking points a Ferretable RNC house organ for claiming that Republicans are a noble public servants and Democrats are whiny hippies Who have not engaged in actual conspiracy without chida are certainly serving the ends of America's enemies It is also function is a safe haven for Republicans to run two one things look bad shoot the guy in the face and you can do your first interview with Britt humor Securing the knowledge that he won't ask any tough questions So Democrats should say that the following the fox you want to spread GOP propaganda all day Be our guest after also free country But don't expect any democratic news makers to legitimize you with their presence We'll go on every other network be interviewed by every other legitimate news organization But we don't consider ourselves under any obligation to pretend that buffoons like Sean Hanadi Bill O'Reilly and John Gibson are news professionals Who deserve a moment of our time? We're not gonna try to fight you. We'll just act like you don't exist actual idea It don't exist on my TV said it never darkens my screen Fox news which is an oxymoron if there was one Fox news my ass 1242 votes on a poll man. That is pretty heavy heavy duty. Do you want to know why why? It's all those naked pictures that were putting on there must be well A shampoo naked female pictures under anymore so I'm about naked pictures of guys Whatever you want track the whole new breed. I don't see that of the picture up there. You had to be got it Yeah I got it We don't have to see it in such a negative tree tone. Oh, yeah, I got it. I'm excited. Oh, yeah It's not like you're excited about it. Okay, gallery of rating for our quen fruit you. Hey, listen, it's something different. Okay. It's something a little bit else I Did I bitch in mone and fact that I picked I actually picked out I discovered some of those hot chicks that were on those pictures back at anybody We could put them on there, but that's different Well, what does that mean? Wonderful and manner disgusting. I see Women are beautiful men are gorgeous I believe Not a flary king and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Let's all rise for the new speaker of the house geldi Pelosi I We are gonna peach nobody because We don't have those kind of balls now see here Now Benny you're not something to say about doing some my largest height no, he stand up and spell it I did it to Mrs. Speaker Who the hell are you? Well, have you know I am none other than more how would it even did it representing a precinct of 13 prestigious in the town and flood I propose we were born I I think this is he was just getting a little warm-up We're about to see something about removing the national god for my rack. No, no, there ain't no national god Dad, I keep trying to tell everybody I propose we remove the way to the god from our plunge of allegiance and replace it with the white and the boy Absolutely And the cheap liberty for all Accelerator Number 32 and five sixty WCM Noah mad dog. Yeah, we got mad dog there, too. What are my talking about? This is one of those 40 days year when he actually works in fact. He's on all week long every day Is that exciting or what mark that down? Not too many weeks when he actually works five days And maybe I would like do something nice for Hank maybe he had more time to spend on the computer He wouldn't be eaten so much Get him on the internet. I'm like Larry King who's like I just can't believe anybody would brag about something like that I understand somebody saying that they haven't used it, but he's obviously a Bleeding like a media person like him. Well, he's an old fart that wears diapers, but I mean he's a person Even even know what it is. Oh, you'll push buttons and stuff like yeah, he doesn't even know what a computer is Wow, let me tell you how it works Larry. It's like this Yeah Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi what a surprise is officially been named speaker elected the house Ross Doria's learned it's official now, okay? Like at the track the result of the fourth race is official Democrats chose Pelosi unanimously earlier this morning Representative Jim Clyburn, Democrat a South Carolina who's elected majority whip and ramen manual who I hate like toys And the bit lawyer was chosen to become caucus chairman There's the real chicken and woodpile at ramen manual. He's evil a Battle from majority leader between John Mertha and Stany higher is still on Decided I'm gonna say it again on decided a secret vote later to be able to turn with their Mertha A Pelosi a pal or a higher who once sounds to speak or elect for minority leader will become a top-loop tenant Or as they say here her top left tenant. What what is that left tenant? Well, I mean, it's just I know it's Canadian vote I'm really I think that must have been how it started it sounds British yeah, well of course All they linguistic crap that we have here always started as British like color C.O. L.O. U.R. That's a British thing And of course the Canadians can't they can't break the umbilical cord They can't chop it that's why the queen is on the $20 bill queen Elizabeth can you explain that to me? No, that nasty ugly old surly bitch Probably under the 60 votes on the pool. How come every day we get to a point where it's 1260? I think it's an element. I think the Lord is trying to tell me return to your roots baby Return to Albee and Michigan And WALM Where the ghost a durvered car and it's still stumbling down the stairs pulling up his paddle Looney's from the turlet trying to get ready to do the new news In a new piece indicated calmness and colder a bunch of she saves her chest. Oh, yeah With a long name colder me little's representative Nancy Pelosi's ascension house speaker and Eccurious fashion promotes and then knocks present emotions minority and female apartments to his cabinet The media yon when Condoleezer Rice became the first black woman secretary of state rights colder But when Nancy Pelosi achieves the monitor distinction becoming the first female speaker of the house the New York Times acts like she's invented cold fusion Colored claims that only 77 documents noted rice entertainment half of the negations of jet essence Ebony or black entrepreneur magazine She then notes the numerous minority apartments that the presence made to his cabinet in addition to rice She refers to colon pal Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez Carlos goody Eras Elaine Chow and we targeted American Norman another That's what she says we targeted American Norman another it was this is it as if Mark Mariah Care and Tiger Woods had children And they all joined the Bush Cavness. He writes Quarter then curiously quips that the White House has been lousy with women since the first Bush term mentioning secretaries Anne Veneman the El Norton and Margaret Spelling wonder if Anne Veneman was related to George Veneman from the Grautia Marf so you bet your life show For while there she says it looked as if Bush might become the first president who's in terror cabinets men's drool cycles were synchronized The controversial bitch columnist doesn't spare her usual ranker against Democrats noting that Senator John Kerry or her either only white males for top positions in his presidential campaign even ridicules the party Model of GOP Senator Lincoln chiefie as the first development lead disabled senator How do you like that that bitch is added again? She is one of the most evil of the evil doers evil hateful south bitch bought off doer job Yeah, her and miss folks they're probably sitting together there. Might be right now in his condo With a bunch of naked the young guys and girls Come under its 67 votes on the pool throughout American history which group has been treated the worst in Satu or Spraise Indians 529 blacks 447 everybody else small potatoes See engines in the blacks fighting it out baby Fighting it out to maintain their turf their territory Is that what it's all about show the turf wars? Oh, and haven't I told you and everybody else do not ever nobody listens to me Nobody will pay any attention. I mean it listen to the show, but they don't pay attention when I tell them it's so I like everything's a big freaking joke, you know Don't go on a cruise don't waste your money if you got let me say again you only have a lot of time you're gonna be alive You only have during that period of lifetime. You're gonna have a limited amount of vacation time. Okay limited vacation time So unless you want to go on permanent vacation Don't hop you when you're asking your wife your girlfriend boyfriend your family on a cruise ship You're gonna be very sorry more often than not By the time kind of a cruise lines liberty pulls into port Everglades this weekend from a transatlantic voyage more than 700 people on Vory will have been affected with a highly contagious stomach like a stomach flu like you'll miss that appears to be a Norow virus the cruise line said yesterday norow virus The outbreak could be the largest reported recent years by the cruise industry It's impossible for now to say what the sources said they would for any team for the cruise ship sanitation program at The National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention He said it's likely a passenger's brought the virus with him when they boarded and it's spread from there But US inspectors will look at whether food or water contributed to the outbreak The cruise industry which is required to report the illnesses to the CDC records dozens of our lot breaks each year with affecting most of the effecting a fewer than a hundred people Most of the individual ones While often publicized the cruise ship outbreaks are far less common than they seem affecting about one and every 36-hundred cruise ship past you It said Christine Fisher spokeswoman for the International Council of cruise lines in industry lobbying group is if she's got an Equality as if she's an objective bystander Your chances of actually contracting norow virus are much higher on land than on a cruise she said Let's go on a secret with Frankie Ford is now who did that? Thank you for see crews. I'll check As of Tuesday 550 six guests and 154 crew members on board the liberty and reported symptoms lasting one to three days puke and their guts out Quarero a statement issued yesterday by Kind of a cruise line. Very as thank you for it. All right. Yes, see please Hey The Miami base company said you were just looking at Trump it off before I am not gonna didn't good good job The Miami base company said the ship is carrying 20 and a hundred and four paying passengers 116 to six crew members the ship currently on a 16-day tour that began to remember Third and Rome scheduled arriving for Lordaeron Sunday it began in Rome. Okay The off-rate began let me ask you when you go on a cruise how much time do you actually have when you go to these different places? You know I'm saying All of a sudden I'll have somebody get the beast in here. He goes out of all the time No, that's because mommy and daddy are loaded with cash and they keep sending him in his wife. Oh, you know, I was thinking about that when I was shaving yesterday The fact that he's actually married is something living and breathing who's actually maybe even touching him It just it is so unacceptable to me just beyond my comprehension. I'm gonna ask him while how he grubs How do you groom a shmoo? But yeah first you have the tape your razor on the internet as I pat it McGoon how they groomed Rover in the prisoner The outbreak began within 24 hours of the departure and it raves the strongest during the first five days While the ship was crossing the Atlantic Ocean they put the motion in the ocean Since Monday the number of passengers reporting symptoms fell dramatically He said suggesting the ship is getting the outbreak under control. Well, hallelujah goody goody gumdrop The ship was originally said to sail again Sunday but kind of I'll push the departure bait day back to next Tuesday So the crew could have two days to disinfect the ship and quit fucing their guts out and clean up all the Swammit and god only knows what other kind of droppings all over that ship I think they put the well They certainly put the first three letters in ship and I think maybe a fourth one to the end of pee 1275 oats, which means we're gonna have by noon over 13 hundred votes and people are talking about it at the water cooler Macon on this is Joe Bowl on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I'm getting to voice again I made you believe he said was my man forever He up for man in the rush is music is lame And you see the love you reckon silent Oh dear, you see it He's acting the street Oh Kevin baby now You're single again No more Mr. Spears No more better train Stop acting baby out Don't be the show You're not back down and say I'm 47 13 to 0 to 560 WCM owners a blanket with that big hat on there again Spot for more drugs That's that's what they do on the network. It's not only they give you BS news, but they pedal all these dangerous drugs Now Josh did a fabulous job again that other picture of Brady Quinn up there above the previous one Now I challenge you to look at that picture where he's standing here on the phone and who's that other guy He's standing here close Challenged you to look at that and tell me that he has been shaving it, trimming it, I'm sorry Well I'm doing that out because far be it for me to not pass a fax along but it was on me Say it again, yes, early legible story but then at the bottom the gentleman wrote that he's a 50 year old guy with no hair on his chest But he has begun grooming down there because the girls wanted that way Yeah, so there's a point for each of us. I see Well, whatever You know, near which you mentioned earlier accomplish any kind of it as near get I'm sorry that that's his faggy as you can get I would have had all that but I understand it's a very take a look at that picture there and if there is if he's been on a comment Trim and ad shaving it he's been maybe he's got somebody doing it for him. That's possible to think there's any volunteers out there for that Oh, I have both hands up in a year Well, one anyway, they're the old busy. What's holding the mic up? 589 votes on the pool. So there's two pictures for all new fags out and of course the ladies too probably say Yeah, both of them look at look at what a hot honky is, yeah, he is The Miami Republican lawmaker who's allowed to be one of Florida's two most powerful legislators says he supports the concept of having a paper trail for all voting systems in the state Did we get a fag from anybody who was at the Gulf Stream yesterday? No With a little bit more information about those slot machines and what they got there. Well, they've only got it. They started with 500 and some odd Representative Marco Rubio will be sworn in next week as House Speaker Florida House said it's tough not to consider some additional measures to verify election results And later the recount over the 18,000 30080 alleged non votes called under votes in Sarasota County's 13th congressional district race There's a legitimate question about how could 18,000 votes vanish and not be recorded We should be in favor of any measures we can take to make sure that never happens again And the people are faith in our election system Rubio said likely story. We're going to have faith in the election system. Right A machine recap was completed late Tuesday in the race extending Republican to Verne Buchanan's lead over Democrat Christine Jennings from 3707 votes to 401 The margin is still so small but the second and life your hand recounted the bounce will take place starting today in the district's five counties But in Sarasota or the number of round of hosts worth the other counties the so-called manual recon simply means printing results out of the computers So they can be viewed on paper no changes expected in the case will likely end up in court through a little known federal law Could give Congress ability to intervene Meantime the secretary of state's office is conducting a review of the ATM style touchscreen machines in Sarasota County And even now Republicans are starting to question a GOP controlled legislatures resistance to having some type of paper record that the voter came confirm before leaving the polling place At a pre-election debate Charlie Christ your gay governor said he supports the idea of a paper trail, but the governor electives since we've used to elaborate And Democrats are skeptical at Christ and our rubios commitment. Hey, by the way governor Christ the pictures on the era of what's his name Brady Quinn naked or for you sweetheart. That's for our new governor elect And know what he's probably as he's looking at him he's probably going just like this like that Why he's rolling this time little because he wants to be fitting with the other right wingers in Florida like Marco Rubio We'll be on needs to give it more than lip service he needs to make it a priority said Miami be representative Dan Gilbert leader of house Democrats who watched the GOP repeatedly defeat a paper trail concept And a Washington two long time congressional critics of electronic voting machines yesterday seized on the turmoil to be new a call for a paper trail With representative rush halt democratic of New Jersey saying the paperless systems are a direct threat to our democracy Volcanema had Bobby Waxler added that it's strange credulity to believe that 18,000 voters in the county voted in the Senate race in for county judge But miraculously chose not to vote in the congressional race. Waxler was suing in federal court for a paper trail. You go Bobby And Sarah soda activist announced a public hearing at six o'clock tonight for Sarah sodaary residents to talk about their problems voting on election day Regime Mitchell sounds like a ball player. Regime Mitchell lawyer for people for the American way said the liberal group wants to re vote as well. You go Regime. Then I sound like a ball player Josh Regime Mitchell. Sure. About 13% while I mean maybe wants to back in the day. It's not like a ball player today is names going to have like all consonants. About 13% the congressional race ballots were under votes in Sarah soda county compared to a one percent rate in the US Senate and Governor races Critics of our give that the ballot might have been difficult to read other save orders might have been turned off by the negative campaign ads and congressional race Till others said the machines didn't property record votes which anybody knows that's the correct choice anybody with a half a brain knows They didn't proud use the same type of machines as Sarah soda election systems in software's ivo tronic Less to a solo supervisor elections dates and he's not opposed to creating a paper trail supplement the electronic vote. He said we're going to do anything to increase voter confidence Cost to add the need for it is about 8.7 million dollars solos said cost replaced touch screens about 9 million Broward more voters were cost a little bit more. Ultimately this is the way by state officials who have yet to approve of touch screen printers and county commissions Whether Chris and rubio water add a printer the machines are scrapped up in a favor fill in the blank paper ballot optical scan machines as you have to be seen Rubio said the issues should be decided legislative committees would input from the industry and the counties. I think just a paper ballot where you make a big x Big x like where you sign your name a big x. I think that's perfect for about 70% of the state of Florida especially upstate, you know Where the meaning IQ is lower than there are digit signs you know I'm talking about Talking about what he talking about talking about to dumb red next. That's what I'm talking about red next I just can't take no more red next too many red next in America. That's the problem. It's got a new blue and red states. It's blue and red next 13 and red votes on our very prestigious pool and give a little tip of the hand to George for being on top of a yesterday as opposed to usually for getting to change it all together Right and Putting engines on there I intended to put them on there when I was making up my list but somehow was an oversight by me and if I would have changed it and pull and wouldn't have been there plunging my guts out of wood by I would have probably wouldn't have had Indians. We wouldn't have had that everyone. We don't have to pay everyone forgets about the engines, you know, I don't I think about them all the time those horrendous ants to scare the public that they ran because they wanted the gambling all of themselves be before that election two years ago But nevertheless, oh that Throughout American history which group has been treated worst by the way how many hairy Indians do you see no, I was mentioning that earlier the agents and the Indians seemed to be quite hairless You ever hear from Mexican here? Yeah, I think they are two lot of Latin Americans are hairless as matter fact the engine. Yeah, Latinos Oh, there you go see I know it. I know it. I mean like the Ecuadorians their engines correct Throughout American history which bar they ugly the people from Ecuador. I'm sure that there might be a few who look human but I've seen a couple Totally when I was in Berlin all the Ecuador the world cup team with their word is now How big of a point the good looking Ecuadorians I saw were not engines. I see there. We go to pick an on the engines again. Hey, what do you know are you picking on moon faced Indians again? Yes, we bastard relentless hard ass 13-amored forefowards throughout American history which group has been treated worse Indians 546. It's time to repent. It's time to make a smoke to peace pipe Blacks 455 they're smoking it Jews 96 women only 62 and that's probably we got 62 women. You think that the any guys vote if a woman of course not Guys like to slap their women around the Put them in their place Women 62 gay 61. I hate this poll only 51 people 9% Catholic 17 and Mexicans 16 Now Luis Miguel isn't Mexican for you. He don't have no hair on his chest How do you like that? How do you know Mexican appetite in all what's hadings tend to be hairy? There's already no oil I know like brillo Believe me. Yeah, I like that really Like he can't tell the pubic hair from the chest. That's hard there. Yeah, like a flying like a magic carpet like Ron freaking Jeremy for crying out loud You know pop had Peter North. What do I get Ron Jeremy? That's what Algo seems brings in maybe that's why Alphila knows really tough times You know it maybe Lorde was punishing him for bringing the hairy fat disgusting Ron Jeremy and polluting our studio Where are it be that 12 to one hour on WQAM? Goodbye, Ed Bradley will miss you badly. You died along the line of journalists who are dying breed even though you couldn't answer a thing You knew how to report and speak Unlike the new newsbimbo's that's not to mention Katie correct who would it know the news if you crammed the news? You Here Who's a quick bottle headlooms whose idea of the news is nonsense half a man You see movies not every TV viewers as dumb as you How mad is hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore If all it takes is being cuter than Walter Crunkite. I'd like to punch the CBS I I'm not only she in third place right now, but the ratings for CBS TV news are down as compared to a year ago What a shocker and an even old funny daddy Bobby she for was doing bigger number than Katie he's probably chuckling How excited he was chuckling his old Danny rather is chuckling Right, I like that 13 every 18 votes on the poll On a really very heavy duty man feels like we've been here for a hundred hours today working our brains out arguing about guy shaving their right And other parts right So you shaving I can understand is one thing even though I still find it to be I don't know gross You know be what you are for crying a lot if you're gonna be walking for a while be that okay. That's the good election somewhere So we'll over that and so we'll really desperate you're not gonna get any action from who you want to get it from I see What do you do if you are a police woman trying to take a statement from a hasidic Jew who refuses to look at you never mind answer questions Beat him with a story thought about that before it in you beat him with a club by imagine in Montreal and internal police document recommend stepping aside and calling on a male colleague advice that's infuriated some officers and the union that represents them in Montreal a The guidance is contained in a slim newsletter the Montreal police services meant to promote cultural sensitivity But critics see it as the latest in the series of cases where civil rights collide with efforts at reasonable accommodation of religious and cultural minorities The issue is a major topic in Montreal where a litany of analogous instances come to light in recent months and where the punnance are suggesting the outer limits of official multiculturalism have been reached The question is even prompted the provincial government to set up an expert committee to provide advice on how to craft reasonable accommodations in public instructions like schools and hospitals But there are clearly still some kinks to be worked out The piece in the police newsletter which the service stresses is not a formal police department policy is headline sometimes big ignored as respectful the kinks Very good If then explains the cultural sensitivity of how city Jews and says your role as a professional is to fulfill a facilitation exchanges with your interlocutor your interlocutor In some cases that can mean bringing your male colleague to intervene The president of law fraternity the police whatever of the Montreal which represents the union which represents the cities 42 hundred cops Said it was discriminatory for the police service to give such advice We support reaching out to cultural groups. It's to our members advantage if they do it every day But saying that it's okay for somebody to tell a female officer to step aside and let them take over just going too far Said even Frank Qua who demanded yesterday the police service retracted stand We have 1200 women in the service gender relations are going pretty well. We've long talked about equality and there's no issue there. He said But you can't tell someone to stand aside and be quiet because it's discriminatory Police folks will in Melissa Carroll said this is not a new policy and the passage in the comedy October show the internal newsletter Internal newsletter lured juice You did whatever that means presented as a hypothetical scenario involving a robbery and a hasitic bakery simply Service to inform officers about situations they may encounter a robbery and a hasitic bakery Talk about long here, but you want to find any how see them more here. Oh Jesus Well say this you'll find plenty of a tagging guys or herlas even though you're thinking about that hairy like Greeks too I get about Greeks and Italians Mediterranean kind of people really very hairy guys. I defer to your expertise Well trust me when I tell you man, I do In some high-city communities which observe an ultra-orthodox form of Judaism in other words really extreme geckis Scriptural interpretations for a bit men from interacting with speaking to or touching women to whom they aren't related by blood or marriage Not that they're living in the stone age you understand. It's just that they're in the stone age The insinceratedness series of high-profile cases earlier this month a Montreal YWCA made headlines and Prop that a petition from members over decision to install frosted windows in order to accommodate a hasitic school across the alley A bunch of that frosted lot of asses last summer a suburban Montreal school board found itself at the center of a controversy after closed a school pool and covered windows Will out two Muslim female students to take a swim test Throughout our police only a candidate request for a specific office from Hasitic males anyone else who ask when someone comes into a with station in a Non-emergency situation if we're investigating something criminal whatever officer arrives on the scene That's what they'll get constable Norman smart said Norman smart Constitutionless for a Julia's great word against the type of advice and they please newsletter saying you're risk doing more harm than good We should only make a validation during a help people integrate he said I'm opposed to the ghettoization of people say great Some of how city community leaders mean well, hail the pamphlets example is they we respectful position in regard to their religious beliefs But I'm not all that complicated if there's a male officer in female officer I'll speak to the man, but if they're both women I'll speak to them Montreal shop owner five-held bender told La press well Cox a hoist we'd are okay That's why somebody angle files people speaking at least are fleeing from our fear Are that coming to more civilized places like Toronto where everybody speaks English whether they want to or not How do you like that you don't have any of that crap here you went all the people from India and China Philippines and Pakistan all those hairless Chinese guys and women I'll let's think the women might be a little hairy, but nevertheless they can be 1331 votes. I'd say one thing about the Chinese man. They are smooth and silky make no mistake about that Smooth and silky like butter just like butter Throughout American history which group has been treated worse 1331 votes and it's only fellow seven We are going to do a crap load of votes under today. Can't you smell it? Fella a tell it? A crap load I Can smell it and There's no point in reading the rest of them because they're all like you know way in the behind There's only a two horse race Indians 554 41.6% and black 468 35.1% did we have a facts from anybody who is at the Gulf Stream yesterday How about our on the scene reporter oh, yeah Man, I must be I must be going through change a life for something like that I'll probably any see those guys I'm gonna I think one day I'll do the whole show. Maybe I'll get some helium in here. Yeah I'll heal him is not good if he if he is sucked too much of it. That's right helium that is yeah, that's a good So I wonder if we're getting a big of viewership on there every queen in town is looking at those pictures of a Brady Quinn on there Just about as naked as you ever gonna see him I'll tell you that And thinking holy cow that's a stud that is really somebody right there. He can really bring it over to my house Maybe he'll deliver you some pizza. I'd even order Domino's if he delivered Maybe that's who he's on the phone with him that picture on top there Because over in pizza Pizza maybe he's taken order for delivery. Maybe he delivers it right to your door Mmm, that special special delivery It would sure be special. I'll get over this you'll understand. I recognize the audience is probably saying what is wrong with him I don't know what it's all about where it came from. It's adorable. Is it oh yeah? It's a crush. I have a crush. Oh, and you know what I did? I did a really bad thing which hopefully you'll tell me how to get it rid of it Because you know you can create wallpaper with a click of your mouse with a right click And the picture that's on top there It just didn't come out the way I wanted to do it. So as a result it eliminated my previous wallpaper the James Franco thing from Tristan and his old and I don't know how to get it back No, it did you save the picture the original one somewhere? No. Oh, I don't know how to get rid of this No, we're about it. You just have to find the original picture on the internet like you like you did the first time I think what you said turn this piece of crap Well, the picture blew up so big they really can't even face you can change that I mean if you want the picture to sustain its proper proportions We can change that too. How do we do that? I'll walk you through it on the arrow before the screen Right now I don't want to have a whole day a whole 24 hours with this wallpaper on there. Okay, I'm just looking at it and I'm looking to Right click on it. Yeah properties Right then go to desktop hit the desktop tab. Yeah over on the right side. You see where it says position How about prone Yeah, it's center center tile or stretch you probably have it on stretch No, I do not have it on center. How about stretch? That'll put it all out of proportion. Oh, I don't want to do that. What about the other one? If you hit tile, it'll make a whole bunch of multiple images. You might like that effect. Oh, I like that. That's good. Thank you very much. Whoo, that was a serve. Wow. Thank you so much I don't think I'm switching back. Okay. I'm just telling you right now being the perfect idea. It was not a fun thing to do. If I can't do it, I'm not a 24th birthday. I'm on a verge of being a senior citizen. Okay. My excitement is playing slot machines at the Erasino man. That's my excitement. Like so just let me have a little bit of fantasy there. Just allow me a little bit of latitude and my attitude. This two shell paths when you use your ass. I'm sure that. Scientists for the first time have grown human heart valves using stem cells from the fluid that cushions babies in the womb. Oh, say offering a revolutionary approach that maybe used to be a predictive heart in the future. The idea is to create these new valves in the lab while the pregnancy progresses and have them ready to do implant in the baby with heart defects after its born. You know, I watched, I finally figured out what is somebody guys hate women like poison because I watched fatal attraction again was on a cable last night. So, sure he is what man hate about women. Why can't he just give it up without all the drama? Relentless, hateful, nasty, crazy, just because we have sex with you that doesn't mean that we actually like you. Right, not even a little bit. The Swiss experiment follows recent successes of growing bladders and blood vessels and suggests that people may one day be able to grow their own replacement heart parts in some cases even before they're born. How do you like that? I'm still in the lab over there. I'm growing a replacement heart. It's one of several sci-fi tissue engineering advances that could lead to homegrown heart valves for infants and adults that are more durable and effective than artificial or fiddabber valves. This may open up a whole new therapy concept of the treatment of congenital heart defects a doctor's Simon Horstrup, a university of zero-excentage led the work which was presented Wednesday at the American Heart Association conference. He's from Missouri. He's Schweitz. Not Schwarz, Schweitz. Also with the meeting, he sounds like he's Horstrup. Swiss, not Swiss. Swedish. Whatever he is, he's a guy. Also with the meeting Japanese researchers said they had grown new heart sounds Dutch to me. New heart valves in rabbits using cell-somenal animals' own tissue. I sure if they didn't use the rabbit from a fiddle attraction. The one I was avoiding on the stove. Maybe she was just making a nice and making the family be. Maybe she was just making the family be your Rogers. I was a wife, I mean, I was in a 560 year old. But it doesn't care about black people. Well, I've never thought I'd find the guy no ride that I'd be to the roundings today. Now it's a classic set of music stuff, a way of real life of what I did. Now we've defeated China and the trip is cold and the dies of the mace. I got the candle liquid cherry yoke. No baby. I couldn't put out a cherry cherry in me baby. No baby. China and the little little little smelid heat. Now it's a one-downs-down of room within a fifth-gradest duplum now way. Now with the often stopped open heels, So they all get around the pieces of praise. I've not used 70-9, I'll bolt out of the nuts. You're looking bad now, you smother baby candle neck. God, baby. Open a connoisseur in cherry and be with you. God, baby. China and the little smelid heat. Yoke. I got my windows down on a hot summer day, It goes crazy, don't want those leaves. It's very fresh, but mostly it's not the smell, It gets the dust and you look into the entire night. I've got a wind, those down on a hot summer day, It goes crazy, don't want those leaves. I swear, you can't smell all the excess of the smell, It gets the dust and you look into the entire night. The fresh mil Aussie stops the smell, It gets the dust and you look into the entire night. Now I'm a 90-year-old, China and the grandest, I like that, and that's my common China, You deserve a wash and it went on the road. The whole baby, Open a connoisseur in cherry and be with you. God, baby. My most often, My most often, God, baby. First from glory to you, We pass a ticket, We pass a ticket, We pass a ticket, 20 past year, At 5.60 WQM, happy Thursday, two a man. We got the mad dog coming up at two o'clock in the humber, All kinds of good crap for it. Any came from Vegas after the panther game. Who's that? You see the National League manager of the year, It was chosen yesterday. I did the fired Joe Joradi. Joe Joradi of your Florida Marlins, He did it, He did it, He did it, He did it, He did it, He did it, When I did it, I said, 15.50 Five in the pool, We got a real shot today at 1500, That would be something on Thursday, I don't know. How do you feel about dessert? Sounds great. And of course, You'll have to wait till tomorrow, I'll bring it in Tubbs of Ice Cream again, I'd be dead if I were there. I would really be dead. I just can't handle all that extra food. Ted Rawl writes, when it's democratic. Like every day, if it was your, it says, live every day, if it were your last, it's good advice, modify for politicians, treat every term in office as if it were your last. Get in choked up about it. Republicans get political existentialism. When they campaign for office, they promised to be uniteers, not to viteers. Once they went in election, however, talk about partisanship promptly sales out the window. They freeze out the Democrats. They like it representatives and constituents alike. Rather than compromise to accommodate the millions who voted against them, Republicans play the right wing base, racist and Christianists. Well, I liked that. That's even better than Jesus Christ. It's Christianists. Jesus Christ. Errors. The GOP, belligerently, promised it promotes the most extremist items on its legislative wish list. By declaring their victory to be a broad manifesto for radical change and hope, say, rejection of the other side. They nominate judges whose conservatism is far to the right of the average Republican, sure they want to unite the country by forcing everyone to go along with what they want. Back in December 2000, because Lincoln, J. F. A. Republican Senator from Rhode Island, after one of the closest elections in our nation's history, vice president, like Dick Cheney, was the guest at a weekly lunch and meeting, with small group of centuries Republicans. Many people expected Bush would receive 48% of the vote and had been annoyed and after a controversial Supreme Board decision to halt the recount to make good on his campaign promises to reach out to Democrats in a spirit of bipartisanship, but Cheney had something else in mind. I was startled to hear the vice president dismiss suggestions of compromise and instead emphasize an aggressively partisan agenda that included significant tax cuts, the event of international agreements and a muscular unilateral policy. Cheney and Bush understood that they might only have one four-year term to accomplish their goals, knowing that they might never get another chance they insulated themselves with a staff of like-minded ideologues, and got to work at remaking a murky in their image. Drawing on bluster and hubris, they bullied Democrats in a growing along with the transfer of the federal tax burden from the rich to the middle class. Next, they skillfully exploited Americans fear an anger following the nine-level tax to attack Afghanistan and Iraq. By 2004, they eliminated civil liberties that citizens of Western countries had enjoyed for hundreds of years, emasculating Congress and the courts to create a unified executive former government. Most of the changes carried out by Bush's Neocons during his first term new tax rates, USA, Patriot Act 2 wars, pulling out of the Geneva Convention's torture domestic eavesdropping will probably remain in forced-redecaids. Their strategy of running roughshutter with Democrats' work. It helps to enjoy the complicity of the media whenever Republicans win an election mainstream punitive set that results as proof that the American people have had to them amandate to do whatever they want. When Reagan won an 80 newsweek held his triumph as an idea whose time had come, arousing voter confidence in him and his politics, and posited that the results felt nearly certain death for liberal causes. When Republicans picked up seats in the 94-minute term elections, how to speak renewed ignorance to Japan media support to stand paid Clinton into a year-long co-presidency resulting in welfare reform and free trade facts. When is it win not a win when it's democratic? When a majority of Americans cast votes for the Democrats, the results are invariably interpreted by the media as the public desire for moderation and bipartisanship rather than some radical left wing agenda. Democrats are children of abandon their campaign promises and ignore their liberal base. The pain and divisiveness of the Republican rule passed must be held by big-hearted and self-headed Democrats, Democrats don't get mandates. The double standard isn't new for all the records at broke time at a turilized in 1996. Bill Clinton's 49 to 41 percent win was a victory for studied modesty for a willingness to swallow his pride to preserve his power and braces enemies to steal their ideas. And marching into history is the first two termed Democrats in safety are. That was great leaps forward, but one baby step at a time. It couldn't be clear if they'd spelled it out letter for letter. Voter's elected a moderate Democrat present to carry out a moderate Republican agenda. Clearly. For the first time since 94, Democrats find themselves in control of both houses of Congress, they picked up 28 seats in the house and six in the Senate, a stunning sweep considering that congressional redistricting has made a more difficult to one-seed in the comments. But to fact that a lot more Americans voted Democratic than Republican, that Bush's approval rating is at a record low 31 percent, doesn't mean much to the official media, or it seems to the winning Democratic candidates. Times post-delection coverage story was called why the center was the place to be. The incoming freshman representatives reported the New York Times, House organ of the Clinton-style Centers Democrats, in sleeds to end November 12th said that we're given a rare opportunity by voters. Many of them independent senior Republicans were tired of the partisanship and gridlock in Washington. Now they say they have to produce to find a bipartisan consensus to avoid the ideological wars that have so dominated Congress and recent years to be pragmatist and to change the total Washington after a sharply partisan campaign. They've said a bad example and not working with us in coming Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did man in the suit set of the Republicans. We're not going to follow that example. Beltset says the fools already are running for reelection. And then goes on, there's more to it. That's enough. Ted Rawl is great. And so is the so are his cartons. Like I said, good man. No Brady Quinn, but he's a good man. What are Ted Rawl's is arm pits? I'll ask him next time I say it. Yeah, see if he shaved the hair around the edges of his back dumb ass. 13 Edward in the 69 votes. We might get to 15. I think it will be a close shave. Don't think it's a big sub best talent to the business. We are Rodgers. Sports Radio 560. You A. And a bear. That's a good one. It's beautiful. Hey, what calls is that? It's beautiful. Like a fighting net. It's beautiful. In the scratch on the left of the tail. This is an awful way to live. Fred and his woolen knuckered topper. Some bloody shit caught by stoppers. Wonder if I have Ebola, it's easy scratching. Yeah, we all love. Run and look and slot to your shirt. For home, a hell, my little sir. What a picture that's come over me. Like a man here, a lot of shit. Something bad as the rain is best. On my boringness, it'll be. You are making too much so. Let's know freely. I know it's true so. It calls is very cool when longer time. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Look at that. Stenney Hoyer chose this in coming house. Majority leader over John Merthon. I think Nancy's going to be a little peo about that. Who's starting? Immediately after that vote happened. Even the people who were most concerned about this, they are all trying to use the U-word Heidi unity. I'm trying to put in this. Behind them. I think the U-word is unbelievable. Yeah. But nevertheless, there is a senior wensus in drag. Than a bash. A little tiny view. Anyway, Andrew Bart Schmuckler, who writes on this murking chip, decided to hold off publishing until after the midterm elections. Which is to say, I wrote this before John Kerry handed the robins their opportunity. The score points with his cumsley handled joke. I expect there for there's even less knee than there was when I wrote this and I'm going to put in a short coming to the standard bear for 2008. In any event, here's what he wrote back in October. Andrew Bart Schmuckler on his blog. Andrew Bart Schmuckler? I wonder if he knows when Schmuckler, where that great bar cheese in Marshall, Michigan. Still haven't had it heavy. Have you ever had that bar cheese in a crock? In a crock? In a crock? No. Like my crock. What is this? God bless you. Oh, in that cute. LD upload duty with the net. Yeah, that's cute. Okay, thanks very much for that from a QR work. He says there appeared on Google News on October 22nd, an article called Obama versus Clinton versus Kerry in O'8, and then I say, none of the above. The leader of America now desperately needs must have undeniable integrity in there for the moral authority to speak to Americans about how we must repair the damage the bush heights have done. Hillary Clinton does not capace such as space in the American mind, and in part because to our political conduct, she showed herself to be more of a maneuverer than one who comes from conviction. We need a leader who has clear vision of solid understanding, and the courage and strength through up against the forces of evil that have done so much damage to this country. John Kerry was handed the responsibility of providing that clarity and depth of understanding and courage and strength when he was a standard bearer that enormously important election of 2004. We wouldn't have Roberts and Lido on the bench. We wouldn't be practicing torture and passing legislation to abolish much of the Bill of Rights. Maybe we would have started doing something in Iraq better than staying in a course that's proved disastrous. But John Kerry showed himself in that race to be confused and weak. Two confused and weak to defend himself from the liars attack, and two confused and weak to tell the American people what was really at stake in that election. We need a leader who has a thorough understanding of the system government that he's trying to make work of the larger world in which he'll be guiding the world's greatest power and trying to repair very serious damage in the international system. And of the host of other issues facing the country and the history of how they got that way. But Barack Obama is a newcomer to that world promising enough, but not seasoned enough to be able to leave what needs to be more than the usual status quo presidency. None of those three say eyes, leader we need to elect in 2008 say eye, he says say eye, and rebarch nuclear. I would look again at Gore he says Gore has those strengths. Some elect in 2000, but he's shown that he's come into his own in the year since then. There's now a solidity and authoritative quality to where that wasn't there in 2000. He showed it can speak about these bushrettes with prophetic power. How do you like that? With power he didn't have before. How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein. He may not be charismatic, but he shown clarity and strength. He showed integrity and he was also last for his nine in the public world to act with a nobility. When he set aside his personal feelings after the Supreme Court decision and yielded to the ostensible rule of law in a gracious way. He showed himself even then to be so much better than these bushrettes. And there were put anything ahead of seeking advantage in their pursuit of power. And I've lately been hearing remlings of a possibility that Bill Moyer is my people willing to run. He's another person who might have the right stuff for this historical moment, says Andrew Bard, Schmuckler. He's given great credit for being gracious and stepping aside and letting these people come in and the door of the day to the door. I give him the blame for it. Him and carry both that's right for being a couple of whims. What is Nancy Pelosi that bitch? I think she's speaking about how I speak this. Okay, honey. She looks like Nancy Reagan on a bad day. The woman's a little red dress. I'm just absolutely delighted that we have a democratic figure. Yeah. Get out something like I told you before these people are only a buffer. That's all they are. Take two in call us in the morning. If you're suffering, take buffering. So I can tell you. If you think these people are the great hope for the future, maybe you're already looting yourself. Go take a couple more pills. Take about the eighth of a whole bottle of buffering while you're at it. We get any taxes from anybody. It was a Gulf through yesterday for the inaugural lady view. Slot machines in Florida. And his life goes on. Nobody died because there were slot machines of Gulf through me. I'm sure that some people died. How do you know? But not because of those machines I don't think. I must of course the Lord is just waiting. You know how he works in mysterious ways. He's laying in wait to punish us for those evil one arm bandits. The Frito Bandito. See I started thinking about food again. I said Frito, I don't like Frito. Or Cheetos. I don't like that crap. See Frito. He's going to beat in carbs. He's going to eat quality carbs. You're like ice cream, dark chocolate. Oh, okay. For your heart. Eat a couple of pounds of dark chocolate, man. Your heart will be great. Your heart will be dark. What? That's a good plan. Yeah. Let's start right now. You just cool it until tomorrow. And then they're going to bring it all like good stuff. And then you can like what you do is you take some of those little. What do they bring the hot fudge in butter sky. Like little um, tub's little, you know, dishes with lids. With lids on them. So you stick those in your new come in the microwave. You make the hot fudge nice and really hot. Mm-hmm. See I said, I mean, hot fudge is okay even if it's cold when you're like a sugar radical like I am. And I'm really I'm addicted to the Brady Quinn and sugar. He's sweet. But nevertheless. See what I'm saying? Uh huh. And you heat it up in the microwave and then you pour that you ladle over the rocky road or whatever to bring oh my god. I'm going to have to just think about it. To die from and to die for. I'm not eating no ice cream today. I'm not going to let you talk me into it again. Don't do it. The worst influence of my life. George Rodriguez always pushed in the food. Just like when he started talking about that, Electable pizza yesterday. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know. I'm still nauseous from it. Are you really? The pizza from a swimey wet from Dominic. Grissey really. Other than that was a pretty good. It was like a wet cracker with a with catch up on it. Ooh. Funny one till one at five sixty wck of your food station for the enumolene man. We're hungry over here. We're just hungry. We're just growing boys. That's what we are. Sideways. You watch Josh man. He's going to balloon up and be a cow. I can't even just tell it's not. I can't even say that. I beg your pardon. I'm not going to happen. It's going to happen. I can tell. Yeah. I don't know. You're shoveling all that stuff down there. And then tomorrow we're probably going to need like a gallon of ice cream. Your damn room. You want to find? I should have tried to this last week. Remember I was talking about Kipcan ice cream. Yeah. Nestle makes it in courts. Oh great. What? Maybe they can make it in coffin size. You can just climb in. Yeah. Bearing me with like a couple of half gallons of. It wasn't very good. You can just. You're self-taught. There's no. They want to move the carcass. Very good. Of course. I'm going to. I'm going to show you. I think you're too. I'm going to like release all my bodily fluids. Just at the very ass end there. I mean. Right. What else would you do? Well. Who else? Maybe out of my ears. There's Denny Horr the incoming house majority leader. That Nancy Pelosi has been selected to lead the Congress. The House of Representatives. Not just the Democratic Party. But the. He's sucking up big time now. She hates him like poison. Who'd have ever heard of a guy named Stony anyway? Has Stony what kind of an amazin? He's 67 years old. He's 66. Why can't we have some living and breeding people in there in charge of government? Instead of these old farts, you know, these lifelong politicians to conspiracy. You just know they all got their their hand in the cookie journey ice cream among the jug. They got their hands on the jugs. I'm going to go back and look at that wallpaper again. No, no seriously. I'm going to just say this to you. In all seriousness, all setting aside all of this sexual. Faultar all. Yeah. Right. If he's shaving in man, he is doing one pristine job. Did it unless they're airbrushed in the picture. Listen. Well, that too in the computer digitization. But if somebody was going to take a picture of one's chest, you're going to make sure that it looks nice before the picture. Well, how do you know who took that picture? No, I'm saying if you know that you're going for a photo shoot, they're going to be shooting your chest. Yeah. You're going to make sure that it looks nice and neat. Didn't look to me like he was shooting on his chest. But at any rate. Now what's that picture coming up? I'll be out sick that day. I won't be here. By the way, I grew old Peter and North. My goodness. Now do you think Peter and North was shaving his chest and bodily parts? I dare not. He sure doesn't. He sure doesn't. Wasn't shaving his private. So I'm telling that. Depends on what year we're talking about. Well, you talked to Peter about it. Meal. Not. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Peep Show booth, Mapper of Earth. You were dismissed from the last job as a high school custodian for learing at students in the girls locker room. Not a brother, Chinna. But now it's seen you found your true call. As you punch the clock at Main Street, a dope book and video. Give it to the toilet token, Chinna. Night after night, you march into those private viewing booths onto the girls with cleaning, sobbing, scouring pads and blind ambition. Ha, ha, ha, puffy, we haven't yet. Sure. There are awkward moments when you accidentally walk another client. But that's okay. Because Mr. Smith knows you're there to make his viewing experience cleaner, safer and most importantly, clear. So we salute you. Mr. Peep Show booth, Mapper of Earth. Your paper towels, your bummy and your scraper. You are a real American A-hole. Come 48, 12, 12, 150, 150. Come, we got 14, every two votes on the pool. Back to you. What are you saying? Back to me, yeah, that too. I did like that, 14, 02. Which means we're going to make 1500. I can smell it already. Can't you smell it? Hmm. A bus carrying senior citizens from the Golden Lakes neighborhood was broad-sided today. This morning by a speedy router truck sending 12 people to a hospital. The bus which is operated by the Jewish Community Center. Oh, it was in the 1700 block of Okatubi Boulevard in West Palm Beach. When we struck about 930 this morning, seven people were taking a Palm's West Hospital. Five transports to do, St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach. Two of them carried in by the Trauma Hot Kellacopter. I'm sure all I've have dates from the QM news department about this later on in the day. There we go. All the news that's unfit to print. DCC spokesman Scott Bernard said they sent a wrap for it's the bus for the Golden Lakes Senior Community. See, I hate to say this, but I'm going to say it anyway. I'm going to go take a leak and I put the cup on my chair and my jacket on the, you know, it's back of the seat. So nobody takes my machine. And I want to go take a leak and there's, you know, there's people of all ages and many young people there, which you would be shocked to you think that only old farts like me go there, but nevertheless there's plenty of oldsters. You know, there's this old guy who looked about 100 years old while models by me is barely moving. And I'm thinking to myself, what an old fart, you know, and then I stopped and I realized, but then again, I'm going to go far. They're going to just mirror walking by. That could have been it. I just don't think I'm ever going to be that. You know, I mean, it could be right. Maybe in two weeks, I'll let me to walk her with wheels on. I don't know, no, no, no, take a oxygen, keep eating that ice cream. You won't be. I'm not eating any ice cream, okay. So we could, to look how I found a court of Nestle's, Kibkeh, um, should've been called smitchman. Or wasn't very good. It was nothing like the Kibkeh I had at Falls View, which means this next coming week and I better go to an agrofalls. Not to gamble, just eat ice cream. It's a little bus route to the store and grocery shopping. We'd all said it wasn't a JCC event. Just a little trip to the store. He said the bus driver, a JCC employee was fine, but could not immediately provide his name. Juan Lopez, another guy whose name ends in a Z, the owner of speedy route in West Palm Beach was not immediately available for common and employee can from the truck driver was upset, but fine. He was upset when you'd be upset too. Yeah. If you signed into a bunch of bus load of old farts, when this has said the bus was eastbound on Ocachubby May have run a red light. The bus appeared to be turning from Golden Lake, Stan West and Ocachubby. Firefighters had to cut off the left side of the bus to free out some of the past news. Okay. So you get some of the oxygen and walkers out of there. All my goodness. Yeah. I'm thinking about old farts and I realize who the hell are you thinking about? It's just like, calm people fat. You know, like, Christy Alley. Did I ever play the Christy Alley bit? Not today. No, not the old one. I'm talking about this live in Chicago. Oprah. Many months of sweat and tears have gone into what is about to happen right here on this day. Christy Alley, she's coming out in front of a live audience in a bikini. Are you sure you want to do this? Bring it! No! You know, I'm 55 years old. I am deeply sorry about that. Why do you work going like, oh, blah, blah! Oh, my God. Exactly. See you as worth it. Speaking of right wing idiots, you know Glenn Beck, another Tampa reject. Glenn Beck, rhymes with Dreck. He's on headline news now. In fact, he's overman selected in my night as yesterday's worst person in the world. He picked him yesterday as the worst person in the world. Okay. Is that every day? If you watch your countdown, which you don't even watch it. I do sometimes. Towards the end of the show, every day it picks the word, which is usually billow while you're somebody like that. But this was just as good. On the November 14th edition of his CNN-themed headline news program, Glenn Beck interviewed Representative, he liked Keith Ellison, Democrat, and Minnesota, who became the first Muslim ever elected to Congress on November 7th. And that's Ellison if he could have five minutes here where we're just politically incorrect. And I play the cards up on the table. After Ellison agreed, the anxious right wing Beck said, I've been nervous about this interview with you because what I feel like saying is, Sir, prove to me that you're not working with our enemies. Back at it, I'm not accusing you of being an enemy, but that's the way I feel. And I think a lot of Americans will feel that way. As media matters for America is noted, Beck previously warned that if Muslims in Arab Zonedak now by stepping up to the plate to condemn terrorism, they'll be looking through a razor wire fence at the west and declared that Muslims who've said on your freaking hands the whole time, rather than lining up to shoot the bad Muslims in the head, will face their consequences. They got excerpts from the November 14 edition of CNN headline news as Glenn Dreck, a Beck show. Beck history was made last Tuesday when Democrat Keith Ellison got elected to Congress representing the great state of Minnesota. We're not really unusual when Minnesota would elect a Democrat. What is note worthy is that Keith is the first Muslim to be elected to the House of Representatives. He joins us now, congratulations, Sir. Ellison, how you doing, Glenn? Glad to be here. Beck, thank you. I'll tell you may we have five minutes here where we're just politically incorrect and I play the cards face up on the table. Ellison, go there. Beck, okay. No offense and I know Muslims, I like Muslims. I've been to mosques. I really don't believe that Islam is a religion of evil. I, you know, I think it's being hijacked quite frankly. Well, that being said, you are a Democrat. You are saying, let's cut and run. And I have to tell you, I've been nervous about this interview with you because what I feel like saying, Sir, prove to me that you're not working with our enemies. And I know you're not. I'm not accusing you of being an enemy, but that's the way I feel. And I think a lot of Americans will feel that way. Ellison, well, let me tell you, the people of the Fifteen Regional District know that I have a deep love and affection for my country. I, there's no one who's more patriotic than I am. And so you know, I don't need to prove my patriotic stripes. Beck, I understand that. I'm not asking you to. I'm wondering if you see that you come from a district that's heavily immigrant with some audience. I think it's wonderful honestly. I think it's a really good side that you are. You could be an icon to show Europe. This is the way you integrate into a country. I think these semallions coming out and voting is a very good thing. Ellison, I agree with you. I do like that. Prove to me that you're not an enemy of the country because you're a Muslim. You're not on the other side. You're into that cut and run crap. How are you working? Working, sleeping with the enemy, just like Julia Roberts. That's a great movie, brother. Yeah, it was. And another nice surprise, Andy. Yeah, a refreshing surprise. Well, how do you like that? I would say Max point is better. Oh, enemy is great, but Max is just sensational. Yes, what? Would you read Josh? Yes, I would. Wow. I was the other movie before that that you said that had some new wood like a messy divorce or something like that. Well, I said that you, you were into the, the affair movies in Tristan and as old because that's what's going on in that movie as well. I need to finish watching it. You haven't watched the ending of Tristan and as old. Oh, it fit into the end. Oh, sorry. They know Matt's attention. That's for damn sure. No, it's definitely not as good as Max point. In fact, James Franco has disappeared on my wallpaper. And that's something that's how it's a thick a lion. Especially after I see him in that was that awful TV series that I was sent away for and was horrendous. And I didn't need to see that. Something with the school, this fighter man, school days. But I'm not saying about that. Just because, which I love Spider-Man one and two, but the bottom line is he was a scrawny and he didn't look like too much to me in there. You'd have to admit he looked like he bulked up a little bit in Tristan and as old. And that was what he had. And shaved his chest. Did he really? I don't recall him, but I think I'll have to watch that again. It's fine. I think it was near. Well, he's Jewish. I'll say that. So he's probably a little on the hairy side. Jews tend to be hairy. So I've seen, well, I made some Mediterranean thing. Italians, Greeks, Jews, who might even not. Spaniards, Spaniards. Oh, lots of Spaniards. Lots of the smooth hairless Spaniards too, as a matter of fact. We got all kinds up there and up. Hyberia. How about Cubans? It depends on their stock. Yeah. It depends on who's stuffing their stockings. Is that what you're saying? And what is stuffing it with? Let them fix this wheel rod. Oh, so that I've already got a 560. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hour. First I was so cocky. I knew where she had my back. I was having lots of fun running things there in a rack. Now, dubious, let me know that I am no longer his ace. I'm disgraced and I'm lost by parking space. So now I can't ask to resign. Told the shut my reputation in that place where the shut no chied. I would have quit a year ago. If I knew I was waiting for me, I would have booked a reservation to go hunting with Chinese. Go on, Nat. Throw me out the door. Just see if I can. We're getting push as smart with such a chore. Oh, we can go. He loves me. Now he tells me goodbye. He's replacing me with some creepy sea iron guy. But I will drive. I will survive. I've got my social security. Payway back and then head to run dry. All right, I've booked. I'm very smart. But I'll go to work at Walmart. But I will survive. I will survive. Payway back and under a barbie. He's a secretary of defense. I think that he and Walmart will be a matchman to have a note too. Indeed. I haven't watched that DVD yet. Did you see it Walmart? Whatever that one is? No. I'm so behind on stuff. I'll be there. I'll be there. The watch and that is. So here's the story behind the story. Democrats, the electorate, is the majority leader. Standing horde was elected, and husband majority leader this morning, defeating Speaker, Design Nancy Pelosi's choice, representative John Murtha. Well, if standing horde is 67, Murtha must be 110. Player one, the number two leadership job easily, 149 to 86. But to show down divided the Democrat house caucus only a week after it's party one, a majority of seats in the Congress that begins meeting in January, and prompted numerous complaints that Pelosi and Rally's use strong arm tactics and threats to try to elect Murtha to do the job. She's already prison people off. Democrats this morning unanimously chose Pelosi to be the Speaker of the House. She'll be the first woman to hold that post. See man, Colorado point. They're already writing about that. He ain't no kind of Lisa. Thank God. Murtha, 74, see I told you older than dust. Former Marine, I'll tell you, I still got to be here doing the show. And I'm 74. 10 years. I'm signing a 10-year extension. Okay. I'm extending it. Murtha's 74 from a ring. And people are running like crazy. Former Marine was among the first on Capitol Hill of Calphoreas, Triple D off a meringue. May have heard his own chances last night or two tonight, when he derided the Democrats' ethics and lobbying package before saying he'll push for its passage anywhere out of difference to Pelosi. His statement at a gathering of conservative blue dog Democrats was said by her backers his further proof that Murtha's controversial ethics record is qualifies him to lead the party in a new political era. He said that the bill was a piece of crap. We had that earlier, and I can still remember it. Remember reading it. Almost like I was there when it happened. Pelosi's aggressive intervention on behalf of Murtha baffled an angered many Democrats, who said she unnecessarily put a reputation on the line out of misplaced loyalty to a friend, and because of a long-standing feud with Hoyer, they might already whip. Pelosi pushed Murtha's candid to see its social events in private meetings and within coming freshmen Democrats. They were called to our office to discuss committee assignments. Only to hear first that she needed Murtha in order to be an effective leader. She was pushing it. Push it too hard. I remember that song by the seeds. You're pushing too hard. You don't want me to play that again, do you? No, you're not going to play it again, are you? Yeah. We'll don't wait for it. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I had to put something. I had to move something over here. I don't have it. Oh. I'm the eve of the vote which is conducted by Secret ballot. Hoyer maintained the public support, and most incoming committee chairman, including influential liberal, such as representatives, Barney Fag, Barney Frank, Massachusetts, and Maxine Waters of California, most conservative blue dogs and 21 of the 40 or so freshmen. But Murtha had a sizable contingent from the appropriations committee in the Pennsylvania delegation, as well as Pelosi's closest supporters. After endorsement, Pelosi continued to push Murtha on a bashedly. I want to see who's down a bash. Down a bash. Oh my goodness. I will tell you this. If you wonder what the mental problem with mental health in America, just turn on the tube, man. Two television is making people crazy. You think I may be exaggerating a little bit. But I don't think so. I don't know about crazy. It's making them stupid. Crazy. Stupid and crazy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like that. Crazy. They put these people on there. I wonder if you're girlfriend is on yet. It's one o'clock. Is that when you have to be... Peace, let me win with you. Yes, when I know as a fellow. There's Danny Hoyer who I know that, and Danny Hoyer, who's that guy? With you. And I'll be giving my food. All right. Take care. And we're following another breaking story. It's not a normal Donald on NBC. And a my girlfriend. And a really cause me. There's no fun. You got to admit she is at least a little bit of fun from a humor standpoint. If we were really, really, very sincere humor. The CIA has acknowledged for the first time the existence of two classified documents. Including a directive signed by President Bush that have gotten to the agency's interrogation and attention of terrorism and suspect. Oh my God. The CIA referred to the documents in Lutter Center Friday from the agency's Associate General Council. John McPherson, the lures for the ACLU. The contents of the documents were not revealed, but one of them is a directive signed by President Bush, granted the CIA. The authority just set up the attention facilities outside the US. And outlining interrogation methods that may be used to entertain these. The ACLU said based on the review of public accounts. The second document according to the group as adjusted to Barbara Legal analysis, specifying interrogation methods that the CIA may use against top alcatumembers. ACLU lawyers said they'll urge public disclosure the contents of the documents. We intend to press for release of both of these documents. John Meal Jafer, a lawyer for the group said in a statement, if Bush and the Justice Department authorised the CIA the torture prisoners, the public has a right to know. Don't we think? Absolutely. Yes. The spokesman for the CIA declined that this customer matter for obvious reasons. The documents had been saw by the ACLU and a suit filed in New York Federal Court under the Freedom Information Act. The suit has previously led to the disclosure of thousands of documents from the Pentagon, the FBI, the Justice Department of the Regencies. In the past, the CIA lawyers have said, can I just tell you one thing about all of this? Okay. It's all Bushmen. I mean, I'm not saying that with their claiming his Bushmen. It's all about your crap. They're going to do whatever they want. That's the way it works in the real world. Okay? All you idealists out there. I'm not suggesting that you ought to be cynical like me, crusty old and cynical, but just enjoy your life. That's all I can tell you. Just go find a good machine, a good sex partner, whatever it has to be. Turn's you on. Go steal somebody. Do whatever you want. But don't expect these bastards ever going to do anything honest or that makes any sense. It's not going to happen, man. It's not going to happen. They lie like hell. We know we worked for Greg Reed for a long time. We know what lying is all about. The fact that he's back in that building over it, it powered down the hall there. It's just amazing to me. It's astonishing. The fact that Larry King and the Hopper have are not internet literate. I mean, even I was able to put that nice, so wallpaper on my desktop there. Look at that. There's two Brady Quinn's side by side. And it looked very much like identical twins. Side by side. One's chest is a little bit smoother than the other one. One's got a little follicle. Well, you missed this spot. Sweetheart. You missed this spot. Let me get it for you. How about this spot over here? You know who's really great, but then nobody pays any serious attention because he's short. That's how it is, George. You short people. I know all about it. They ignore short people, especially short people with bad hair pieces. And an interview with Amy Goodman of Democracy. Now, former presidential candidate represented Dennis Kassinich. He always says all the right things. He's got a huge pair of balls. It's very, very huge pair of balls. It's very, very big. But he has that problem. Is that nobody pays any attention to him? Nobody takes him seriously. Anyone on a Y? Oh, he's a little jica into funny looking. That's it. Dennis Kassinich called for an end to American financial support of the war effort in a racket for immediate truth with draw. Like now, before we have any more dead people for based on lies for nothing. We need to get out said Kassinich. We spotted a new comment by a member of a conservative think tank. Think tank my ass. And we need to get out through cutting off funds. Once we determine to cut off funds, the money is in the pipeline for an orderly withdrawal, he said. He went on until he cut off funds. The administration is free to keep the troops there. As the president is stated to get in again, he's going to do the White House's prepared to stay in the right to the end of its term until health freezes over. Till the end of time. Because then, since it's insisted, then, a crisis will come up with a new direction for the war. And that new direction must be out. It has to be UNN, US out to which I would say. In the same end, if you were another former Democratic presidential candidate in Senator George McGovern had this to say, when asked about parallels between the situation in Iraq and the war in Vietnam, which was raging during the Mississippi 2 campaign for the White House against Dick Nixon. While they were saying the same thing they're saying about Iraq, we were told to hurry all those long years when I and others had tried to determine that our military involvement had not been done. And intervention that the Chief Art of our context now say was a dreadful mistake. And they said that if we pulled out, maybe it was a mistake to go away. But if we pulled out, there would be slaughter of people in Vietnam of indescribable dimensions that hoachy men and people would just slaughter everybody in the country that disagreed with them. We also were told that the country's next door would start toppling into communism if we left Vietnam. None of that happened. There was no great bloodbath inside Vietnam. The Vietnamese became our friends almost immediately after we took our army out of their country. They assisted us and tried to locate missing American soldiers. They were ready for diplomatic relations with us. We have no problem with Vietnam today. And as a matter of fact, none of the countries next door toppled into communism. So those were the scare tactics that were used to keep us in Vietnam for about 20 years. The president said recently that maybe we have to stay until the year 2010 in Iraq. That's another four years during which time we probably killed several thousand more American troops. And the terror not going on inside Iraq that began when we invaded the country will only get worse. The whole country in the long term wants to foreign army lodged in their country. Nobody wants to be aquapado, baby. Nobody wants to be occupied. Additional excerpts from the interview. A full transcript which is available here on this thing. Follow. And I'm not going to read it. Consentant says, I think the American people responded a week ago. They asked for a new direction. They fed up with the war that's based on lies. They fed up with seeing our brave men and women dying because it wasn't correctly stated by the administration. They're fed up with having America separated from the world community. They're looking for a new vision. One that includes America's nation among nations, not a nation against nations. One that takes the real power of our ingenuity and creativity to create alternative energy. So we don't pursue oil as a matter of national security using the military to grab oil. Americans are looking for a new direction. You've got a little dentist before somebody steps on you and squashes it like a net. Little people. I think Randy Newman had a good point either. I can't stand Randy Newman. What do you ever do to you? I just don't like Randy Newman. I don't like him. I think he's funny. You like him when you like him? Was he a short? No dislike him? Oh, there's short people by Randy Newman. I just can't do it. I don't do it. No, he'll start. Who reminds me a little bit of Bill Marron, a bad day. Sorry, I think that was a real shot. It hurt as a good tip rate. Pick up a check at the dinner every night again. Yeah. I heard Brady Quinn's a good tip for two. It's a good tip for two. God, can you believe that? That was like magic. That was like when that alarm went off for an after I did that feedback routine like that. I don't want to do it again. It's piercing. Remember, Billy Pierce, right to left hander for the white sauce? Who? I was thinking about the great Jewish athletes, the other day Hank Greenberg. I wonder if he was kind of Seth Greenberg and Sandy co-faxed Joel Hurland and Al Rosen. What about, what's his name? Sean Green. I wouldn't say he's a great player. Would you Josh? He had a couple of really good years. I think he was a good player. I would say he's a great player though. No. He's not in the category of a like Sandy co-faxed and Joel Hurland. Those really great Jews. 1445. That would be a good poll to take some day. Who is the greatest Jewel of all time? Who's the greatest gay of all time? Who's the greatest black about? Right, whenever good? Sure. Einstein. Is the greatest Jewel of all time? No, I'm just throwing Jew names out there, you know. But about Manasha's school name. Who's the biggest name? So best talent to the faces of your Rogers. Inil. This is Randy West. And as for our phone conversation, I taught to Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down. And he's still an interested. She works in TV, all big Apple. When we sing it, I found living in that bright house that's all. In four years, two of that would be an extra two-tack of. With all your jewelry run, just down the page. With all your jewelry run, down the page. Who wants another player to turn? She wins with Beniston Deliver. So good for all our top leg number, we won. One 18-boy, I got a really savory stir. I hope you've finished lunch, everybody. Yeah, I think it's safely passed on time for most, isn't it? Not really. Sure. Oh, wait till this comes. One moment, please. You got a speaker, gotcha. A Chinese military surgeon had eight Chinese citizens killed. To supply a single patient with a new kidney. What do you need aid of it? Said former Canadian Secretary of State for Asia, David Kilgur, around November 14. He spoke as a special guest on the Asian Human Rights Forum in Warsaw on day two of the five-day program. The incredible thing is the doctor would go down the names of sheets of paper, looking for blood types and tissues, and so on. And the patients would, something names on the list, see how the margins chopped off. The doctor would then go in, come back with organs, said Kilgur. While conducting research in Asia, Kilgur interviewed a now 35-year-old man, named a nationality with health, where we see if the kidney transplanted Shanghai, number one hospital in 2003. The man said that a surgeon was Dr. Tan Jan Ming, Secretary of the Chinese Research Society of Diad Dialysis and Transportation. Dr. Tan also helped post a number of Chinese military and civilian hospitals. The patient suffered from an antibody condition that made it difficult to find a suitable kidney over an eight-day period. Four separate kidneys were brought to him and rejected. They tried them, but they didn't work. When all of these worked three months later, we tried another four, the last of which was a fit. It was a fit. The power. Dr. Tan told a man explicitly, these organs came from executed Chinese prisoners, and then at least some of the organs have been harvested secretly against the donor's wishes. All right. I'm certain that at least some of these were Falun Gong practitioners who never went near a court who never convicted of anything said Kilgur. How do you like that? Not that the Chinese do barbaric things, or anything like that, or that they eat dog and rat and horse and horse and round. They like to horse and round, and they're hairless and smooth. And horny is hell. 1450s, I got news for you. You don't make a big in people without being horny as hell. He met a lot of screw-in going on. Sure. What else you'd have to do? Eat rice and make nice. 1456 votes on a poll for a Maloney to those top two. That's where the battle is and it's getting, it's not close. Throughout American history, which group has been treated the worst, like poison, like rotten to the treat like crap. The Indians, 600 and 17, and blacks 504. Jews have moved over a triple digit anyway, 109. 159 Jews, but 594, 504, black 17 for the Indian. Indians got to look man, they got to made. Not they got all the casinos going, you know? Yeah. So in the white man, I'm cancer-sticks, so we can like, get all those diseases, lung cancer, all those infosemmon, bronchial diseases, you know? On your kids out there, put down those faggots, okay? Don't start smoking those things all the way. And I have LSMFT, what lucky strike means find a back up, oh, does it? And Winston tastes good like a cigarette you had. New ports, and again, then it was always the picture that really beautiful young couple in the woods smoking salem. The suggestion being that if you smoked salem, it would look like them and be screwing your brains out with some hot... Uh, but nevertheless, didn't work did it. No. There was something that was smoking, but it wasn't necessarily your partner. The Bush administration tried to push through judicial nominations before Republicans lose control of the Senate in January officially, resimitted six nominees deemed by Democrats to conservative for the federal bench. They just won't give it up. Five nominees with a subject of an angry exchange in August when Democrats in their selection was a soft to the president's conservative base, a soft. The White House against the United States admitted Terrence Boyle of North Carolina, and William James Haines of the 2th of Virginia to the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and Richmond, Michael Brunson Wallace and Mississippi to the 5th Circuit Court in the Warland, Peter Kaiser, Maryland to the District of Columbia Circuit, and William Jerry Myers to TURN and Norman Randy Smith both Idaho for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco. Everybody of CISO resimitted in 10 South position from Democrats. Under Senate rules, the nominations must be resimitted after Congress takes an extended break as was the case this year for the 2006 election. Isn't Congress always on the extended break? Yes. Democrats advance the president to be bipartisan, but this is a clear slap in the face at our request to Senator Chuck Schumer and New York, however they do this year, a committee. For the sake of the country, we hope this is an aberration because the president feels he must playkate his hard-wired base rather than an indication of things to come. Senator John Coran and Republican of Texas Vocal Backer of many Bush's judicial picks said he thought he was very tough to get the nominees through the Senate during the Lane Docs session, but he added hopes brings a turn. Coran said judicial nominees will test the Democrats stated desire to run the Senate with greater by partisanship. We'll see whether now the Senate Majority Senate is if we're going to have any logical witness to test for judges, Coran and Senate. The president's picks for the federal bench have sparked angry debate in the Senate, the incoming majority of the Senate and the Democratic Party agreed to Nevada once threatened to fill up us to the board's nomination if it came to the full Senate. Haines was an architect of the Bush administration's eventually abandoned policy on the treatment of terrorism detainees. He later told the Senate panel that we've versed in the policy with the right thing to do. Just like when Moe backed off demanding that they fire your ass, he did the right thing. Remember that? Mighty White of it. Yeah. I did the right thing. Oh, my God. What an evil doer. Bush this week also sent several non-judicial nominees to the Senate. One was Kenneth White Tomlinson, renominated as Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors and agency that directs US overseas broadcasts. His nomination is bogged down because allegations of misconduct. It would probably be an August by the State Department's Inspector General, said Tomlinson, misuse government funds for two years as the board chairman. He disputed the allegations. Just what we need is more crooks in there. Come on, Baudabini. I'm sure you can find lots more of your buddy crooks that stick in there before it's two-namelay. You lunatic. You maniac. You evil doer you. And like I said, Coran is helping. Sitting in the screen, we get all bent on the shape. And I think you're like Tomlinson, which I usually don't tell you, but I may have left somebody off so far. And since I did screw up and leave Indians off today, thanks to George again that on there, they're leading by a mile. No charge. Which alter-rich person do despise the most? Remember I threatened to do this. I talked about yesterday. Here's the list of people I got so far. Ted Turner, Wayne Heizinga, Oprah, Bill Gates, George Steinbrenner, Rupert Murdoch Donald Trump, Warren Buffett. That's what I got so far. I leave any ultra-rich people off there. We're not talking about people like I like, you know, a million dollars. We're talking about really, really, very wealthy people. How about Murf Griffin? Nobody, nobody thinks about him anymore doing. Hey Murf. You're fairie. Do you? What do you think? But that's because you watched Jeopardy. What about it? I know he invented it, but we also, we all are fortunate, you see, you didn't think so. We have a torture. By the way, Van is 87 in Pat Seyja, 96. Remember that guy called in that day? What year are you wrong? You're giving out bad in for me. I don't give a crap. Okay? Who cares how old she is? She doesn't do with the damn thing. She ought to kiss the ground every day. To get paid for turning the freaking loaders. She didn't even do anything. She doesn't even turn them at all. That's just a mirage. Just like in Vegas, man. Just a mirage. That's all it is. You know, how you touch is the thing in a turns blue? That's what the Pat Seyja said. She touches it and turns blue. Mm-hmm. A purple. Oh, they started getting with that more. How are they doing? I'm obsessed. You're obsessed. I've helped with this. I've helped with this, but I've helped with this. I've helped with this. I've helped with this. I've helped with this. I've helped with this. I've helped with this. I've helped with this. Why do I ask Josh? I don't know nothing about sports. Who they plan? I'm not looking at shirtless pictures of the fortified poison, man. What is that? Yeah, how do you not? You're the one that's putting them on there. Because you told me to. Well, if I put some naked guy on there, would you do it? No, today I'm fighting. I hate them like poisonous. You know, but I serve root form when all the interesting thing. Who did they lose to a couple weeks ago? You see L.A. or USC over there last two? Remember that? They did lose, didn't they? No. They didn't. When they pulled that game out? Yeah. They haven't played USC yet. So, who did they play UCLA? No, I don't think so. And how they didn't meant you better learn your fighting hours. Football, Mr. because you sure as hell don't know it. We're going to turn your ass into the freaking birdstander. And anyway, I don't know who to hell or plan. I can't stand them anyway, okay? It's just me being a fatigued. You know, rooting for no-game because the quarterback looks hot. You know? I mean, that's stupid. That's childish. That's embarrassing. That's humiliating. That'd be like you watching some ladies tennis match. And just go some hot chickers on their plane. You wouldn't for her to win. Are you wouldn't do that with you? Yeah. And I'm going to go. Like I said, Anna's corner-holder. Boy, I'm telling one thing. It's a good thing you shouldn't play through it. She don't look too good. She don't play through it. And she's got legs like tree trunks. The biggest name, self-best challenge to the face. Anna, you first, sports radio 560s, you A.N. Who's going to get a fricky-a-flow? Yeah. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a fricky-a-flow. You know, I'm going to get a great that I have to. You know, I'm going to take a very long day. And going to get a fricky-a-flow, you know. I'm going to make a song for you. Oh, silly aspirates man, sir, Paul McCartney. You sure this one we talked about to do this, till it just makes me gay. Sir, my ass. I wonder if he ever been surfing in the big sur. No. 14, every 76 votes we need 24 and 27 minutes to get to 15. We got that lift. I am confident as extraordinarily high. Do you think? Absolutely. Either that or maybe George is. Extremely high. Not yet. Ehh. Ehh. You will be when the ice cream shows up tomorrow. And you better not be oogling too much about it on the air. Or that's going to set me off for the whole weekend. It will be very bad. We'll eat very quietly. I'll be going to the tub of Nestle's turtle. I haven't had any of that in a long time. Man. One ticket sold in the city of Frostproof match all six lotter numbers to win a jackpot of 30 million. About 30 men. Lotter officials said today. Do you think that would send me a who in a place like Frostproof? When will this one ask? I don't know. It's right up 27. About my hour. On a way to like Tampa. Way before that. I mean, it's an hour away. North on 20. By the lake. Is it a mistake on the lake? Is it by Avon Park? Okay. One of that German restaurants still around the Avon Park. Is you'd wrap it up 27? A total of 108 tickets match five numbers to win $6454.50 each. $7,000.000. Tastic is match four numbers for $80.50. And $151.000 tickets match three numbers for five bucks. You want to get five bucks for three numbers out of six? Here you get ten bucks for three numbers. And two plus the bonus you get five bucks. But what are rip off? Nice going to fat ass to have stir you idiot. You lunatic. What are rip off? Three numbers gets only five bucks in the Florida. It's one of the worst bets. Take your money to Gulf Stream instead. Okay. Take it to Pompon on Plender guts out. I'm Bruce Lee Ranger who's a constant danger. Are wallyhenesy? Maybe bally won't get lost. They have in a big year, right? Wally? Good. Good luck to you. I was thinking before, you know, that 30 million lotter winner wouldn't be something if one of our list is 130 million lotter. Especially some like maybe old lady who's like 89 years old. Something like that. Yeah. And then she like, you know, somebody who's been listening to me for a long time. Not 30 minutes. Now what would you think it would be inappropriate amount? I'd say a million year for 30 years. Sounds like 30 million in a million. Okay. You're sign of thing over, okay, honey. And of course, it's kind of stupid saying that because in Florida you don't get the money. What if you're like 80 years old and you went a lot of refrit 20 million dollars and they're going to pay within a new hoodie until you're like 150 years old. You're never going to see the money or like if you want to settle for the smaller amount of get it all on one lump or give you like 40 bucks, you know. What a joke. One of the biggest cons, one of the worst rip-off, the way it's done is what it calls my ass, you know? At least here if you went a lot of the great right you check cash money baby on the barrel head. No tax, no winuity, no games, no BS. Then I take that fat ass governor here and string his ass upright out there in the middle of my me lakes. Somewhere, don't you think I'd be a good idea? I'll watch and the rest of him too, string him up, piece of turd, and his dysfunctional daughter and his smuggling wife and his crowns in the sun. And then the other sun there who thinks so you don't want to be present in Mexico. Is that George P? You ever see George P? Not lately. I thought it was me. Hey, Josh, have you seen George P? Yeah, a couple times. 14 and ready to vote on the pool man. We're going to make that 1500. We got 24 minutes to go. We had a long way to go too long if he asked me. I'm fixing to go get me some nice lunch. You thought it? I'm fixing to go get a nice lunch today. Something like low carb. Give my blood sugar down to a nice level under 800. Throughout American history, which group has been treated the worst. The worst. Although I do like my brow worse, I'll tell you that. I think I want to start doing the show from Berlin. 14 and ready to vote. Indians. 630. Blacks 512. Jews 109. Those are the only three groups in double-in-triple digits. Gays. Only 68. Maybe we could move our frequency to like 68. Gays. 68. Do you know that once upon a time I never told you this, I don't think. Dick Kasper. Never mind boss and mentored Dick Kasper, rest in peace. He wanted to buy a radio station in San Francisco, and turn it into an all-gate radio station. Talk station. And I was going to be like the main anchor. I was going to be like the pivot man. What happened though? Women 67. I hate this full 57. I'm here 3.8 percent. Pretty good for us with these picky poll people out there. Nothing worse than a picky poll person. Mexicans 20 and Catholics 19. And Catholic Mexicans of course, that's an 1482. I think it's a shoe in for a 1483. Look at that. The votes are pouring in by the ones. We're shoe in for 1500. Is that impressive or what? Don't forget the path that's hosted Montreal Canadians, the frogs tonight. Take your anti-frog repellent when you go to the macarina. All those obnoxious. Montreal folks will be there. Nasty. They smell bad. They wear them with speedos. Oh my God. Parlebo get lost. Probably we'll go home. Message you to tell them. When the big bust loads of French Canadians are pulling on their body. Arena. So how many more right years do you think the panthers are going to be in existence? I'm saying maybe two. Maybe we can bring the stragglers back. What about was his name? The coach. Yes, can they? Yeah. He did those promos for us. Those drapins. Ray Hudson? That was the fusion. Ray Hudson? It was the fusion I thought he was also the coach of the Hudson. The coach of the Hudson. He's Ray Hudson. Miami fusions. He had caught. What a little of the queen of so Florida. Neil Rogers should be in book and impalis. But we'll keep him here. Yeah. We have something for the little confusion. But the biggest name. So best talent. The biggest is wheel rotchers. She could be the spot-maybe played<|es|>ket in news media goodbye. Friday night in Tablet 화�clockdown Sumash Park. Abracade pants Juan Errejox. Pai Setter. And we Jaff burgilis. F isn't my不要 anymore, White can't die now. Chrome is already dark, six leftЛori I was watching with Sf young man. We put alike in the Top 10-bit videos of everybody. He's through a lot of people but he's sometimes at home But God is alive and you're gone Anybody here, he's a good Christian doctor The people are around their town He's not just picking up a truth before he's done A peanut show with his son All right He versus us is what the 1000s can for Or in this Christian to go what's best Or you and me, he's above that He was in the sun for the whole Another word you hear me, he's a body here We sing to God today Or there's nothing hot to hold Me, Spanish, I've been long and can't pay why It's a lot of doubts in and so 145 at 5.60 WDQ and we got Mr. Mandogga to a clock Panther game tonight after the Humper Preview at 7 o'clock, Panthers and the Canadians at 730 And the Eddie Kaplan show in Vegas What after Panthers hockey? 1496 Where the hell was Columbus in 1496? Probably in Vegas Well by that time he had all the queen Isabella's money There's nothing I get in some queen's money With the self-processor engine, Blueray DVD, Drive and Beefy Hard Drive The PlayStation 3 is unquestionably a powerhouse of video game system And forget about Elmo this is the Adam consumers It'll be sparring over as the holidays get closer Write to this more as on CNN and money dot com What was that? Oh that was the aspiring son of the other sparring But cut through the hype and the desire for the newest Flanxiist Gaget in the product is not as compelling as it might seem he says Uh oh The PS3 for all its powerfields incomplete at launch And that could leave some consumers who showed out Five or six hundred bucks for the system depending on the configuration they choose Feeling put out in other words Pea put out peo pissed off Why can he just say pissed off as opposed to put out? Huh? Some kind of impusi? The potential for greatness is certainly there But there are fundamental mistakes in execution that proven on Oh by the way, did we ever get our internet straight enough Is nobody ever bothered to tell you or tell me? No, the answer is no We did not? Not So in other words all day long we've been people Traveling online and traveling their stuff Yeah It sounds like this again And what's it doing? Well I can't hear it Well how do you know that there's feedback and it's breaking up And it's just sounds it's an audible That's what they're saying on the facts and on the email and still Pony Express still I think clearance stuck is fingerprint It stuck something in there 15 and revolts, something like that It's spotty your ass clearance It's a spot of the fact that somebody messed up our internet stream That was so beautiful yesterday in pristine and clean For the old queen and what do we got today? Crap Typical QAM baby, typical QAM, a technical disaster And accident waiting to happen Anyway getting back to this thing The potential for greatness is certainly there But there are fundamental mistakes in execution That prove annoying Take the initial user experience for example In the water place station 2, it was a pretty simple process You paid the store took the PS2 home Talked it in start or playing Things aren't so simple this time Once you plugged in and configured your PS3 You have to update the system software Some but not all launch games Or who that system update Which means the process will take five minutes or so If not, you'll download and install the upgrade from the internet As I did this method takes more than ten minutes It's frustrating especially having spent this much money It does buy something the PS3 is the first system to fulfill the promise Of being a true digital centerpiece in living room There's little you can't do with it Watch high definition movies, listen to music, surf the internet Chat with friends and actually play games Surf the internet Larry You're probably a button Press buttons, press your rainers Those system updates allow Sony to add functionality Down the road, the PSP portable gaming system is Sony improved last year It's benefited greatly from system upgrades And there's every reason to believe the PS3 will as well But they're still a pain for day one users The dashboard menu structure is similar to the PSPs Navigating between the areas that let you launch a game move your music Along with the Sony network, the online service which lets you download Trailer and buy add-ons for the games is all pretty easy The only part that code cause confusion for some is the setting field If nothing else Sony is thorough in letting you choose how you want to set up your PS3 But there's such a thing as tootho Quick, you want your audio CD output for a frequency to be 48 kHz or 44.1 You get the point, 44.1 Well who the hell knows that? Smarty pants, there's a smarty pants over here showing off again Not that's the CD bit rate Graphically the PS3 is a Twitter force No, not better than Microsoft Xbox yet But you quickly sense the greater potential of the PS3 It'll ultimately be a question of how long your taste developers will end to exploit what the system has to offer If you have a high definition set you're certainly in for a treat And if you wanted to have a TV with 1080 high definition which I do You'll be in heaven, I'll ride, I better get one right Should I go out and get a PS3? Yeah, just send it to me if you want 1080p, I'll send you something in a bag, okay? But yeah And that when the shots came at me 1080p is the PS3's sweet spot It's the most detailed video available today And PS3 games plan to make the most of it Launch title NBAO7 is the best initial example Would detail as fine as the pores on a player's skin But I said no, I would expect no visual detail to be minor Details as fine as the pores on a player's skin You could tell Brady Quinn's religion when you watch an in-node to the game That's how clear it's going to be Maybe you could have a title if it's shaved or nared His chest? Oh yeah For the majority of owners though those who only have a regular TV said It's a slightly different story The PS3 still looks good but not awe-inspiring It's good thing that Josh has a HD set For a new biom this for the holidays Ultimately it's a matter of the software Resistance fall off man for instance looks fine And regular resolution need for speed carbon not so much Control again is pretty close to what PlayStation veterans are used The major shift this time is Sony's included a motion center in its controller Which has been read dubbed the six axes in NBAO7 for instance Twissing the controller will let you juker out and opposing player Let you juker out The problem is that the motion doesn't feel natural here as it does with Nintendo Wii Perhaps as developers get more used to the feature They'll be able to incorporate a better into their games Initially they'll get the impression they were caught off guard when the feature was announced And rushed to find some way to include it God also is the rumble effect from the controller And omission that the subset many Sony loyalists personally I missed the shaking Don't you miss the shaking No, I don't like the shaking The feeling of a slight rumble in your hands is you fart a virtual weapon end of the fun God a slight rumble in your hands Or the next time it blew a shut up As for the next time it blew a display it's a nice addition But it's almost a material if you don't have a top of the line TV set For standard TV owners it's just a player for the more expensive movies And likely won't appeal But it could be an ace of the PS3 sleeve in the years to come And ace in the hole like we say in America you're my ace in the hole Online gaming a big battleground for the current generation Unfortunately it couldn't be tested yet Microsoft has big momentum with its widely celebrated Xbox live system Which could be difficult to overtake even though the PS3 won't charge users for online play As Microsoft of course does because Bill Gates is evil Compounded these shortcomings has been the PS3's unimpressive launch including a tepid line of games And an embarrassing snafu that caused problems with its much touted backward compatibility Or the ability to play old games But the PS3 is far from a bad machine mod And as the potential to be all the PS2 is in more and remember the console wars aren't one or lost at launch Their marathons usually don't start to shake out for two or three years After all the new systems are on the market to contact to account so many authors early would be foolish He says the question is if you somehow able to find a place to train a store shelf this year Is it worth buying one sadly the answer is not yet Not yet Josh I agree Your system is too expensive for what most people get out of it And in the initial slide the game says not for enough innovation or throws to justify the purchase Wait till the prices dropped to 100 even 200 bucks And until there are a few more good games available before you consider making a push wait till the price goes down man Wait until you get to affordable and then the draws of I1 for the holidays Right, I'll buy him two There you go one free to room Well buy him a whole bunch of them because he moves around so much you know That's right, I'll buy the place and we're gonna be hanging in with his roommate Buy him one for the bedroom too, okay? 154 votes on a full man, so the streaming I'm depressed about that because other I don't know I don't know if it's okay now late we said Eric And we said that he says that it has cleared up recently, but it's been bad a lot on and off today Why would you apologize for that? Not that we have any control over it or anything to do with it and worth the mercy of a bunch of lungheads, you know On there's OJ speaking to lungheads Waiter Ron Gold, do we need to see him in and if Fred Goldman man, you know I feel for him and it browns and all of that but enough already right Are we am I right about that? Yeah, because the more they keep slept at him around the more people are gonna watch this stupid ass They're just red golden in the game with Larry I thought we could up on the internet Larry punch her a couple of buttons And that must be he said around me a little bit of John Bolton kind of revolt but anyway I'm gonna wait to spend with plenty of it. I was gonna play there because I had it back time perfectly It was gonna be like one of those five second rejoice You could have put the little hand in a big hand together right there to a clock But you can't do it now Because I don't know where to see I think Josh is getting paid out of the table to sabotage the decision We only have two of those short ones He's getting something under the table He made the squeeze under the table And he's like parents is squeezing under the table Wouldn't be the gross time Anyway, here's the pull result Then we'll get that out of here Okay, wasn't gonna run over again I want to start getting the habit like these to do in that freaking worst team Oh well, we got a very important guest on the phone today Anyway, we had to run over right Because the future that human race was edge hanging on the edge of their Sports interview crap 1500 seven votes on the pull only two that really count Throughout American history which group has been treated worst in the in 643 black black folks dark 519 Bye bye