Why does you f**k it? Last night you dug a booger out from your old crusty nose Oh, right! You're over it between your fingers and that's when things got gross And I recall a farty f**k it down the hall You bounced off of table and splattered on the wall And you went through your nostrils and you found some things in there Like that fair play takes gloves that I bought you'd wear And it was so disgusting what went on from there And at night you're sitting on just picking your nose Quick picking your nose, quick picking your nose Well I told you the least, the hundred times that's gross Where he just never listened girl, you keep right on picking And I'll tell you once again, quick picking your nose I don't want it 560WQ and it's Friday, thank the Lord November 17 There's Ricky Tickey Sanchez on CNN They touched down four names They got him in Regalwood North Carolina where they had the hurry king So tornado, whatever it held was, tornado And I think maybe CNN's hoping that there's an instant replay on the tornado And the blow is asked off on the ocean They're trying all kinds of ways to get rid of his ass they can't do it And I'll show you what anyway, Regalwood that's not anywhere near where you're joined is No, well, what a shame, yeah well Getting a phenomenal response on our website today And yesterday afternoon it couldn't be because of those naked pictures of Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn could it? Must be, wow, looks to me like he might be Jewish Anyway, just don't look too close, that's all And somebody I know who is gay Yeah, I know a few of those And I told him about your comments about her illness Guys and all the other crap and he said you are so full of it is usual Of course stubborn and militant, you know What are they doing? George is the expert on naked guys, heralists and all guys shaved their bodies Because the women like it, you know, because if they're going to get the summation They got a shave, they're saying, what is your gay friend? No, about that I don't think that Brady Quinn has to shave anything you'd all the action he wants With anything that alive dead I think your gay friend is full of crap and I know why The whole world is full of crap, George is the expert, you name the topic Right, you know, he'll tell you, especially when it comes to sex No matter how many facts as we got backed up by every guy in the building Yes, yeah, backed up by every guy in the middle guy that said that facts What about it? Girls don't like hair these days So? Well, that's when it goes Anyway, like I said, let's just not because they don't get into you You just don't understand You go ask them to make a Twinkies and they say, yeah, whatever you say I'm not interested in no Twinkies, how do you know how that? Although it sounds good for lunch That's nice I see that's a kind of crap, I don't eat That's loaded with trans fats by the way Oh, yeah, that's why I'm so guilty Twinkies will kill you Anyway, can I get back speaking to get and killed a group of security contractors Including four Americans was abducted yesterday When a supply con boy was ambushed in Southeast and a rack A US military spokesman told CNN US troops are conducting a search Another military spokesman said the abductions occurred to checkpoint At a checkpoint Like that checkpoint, in fact, do I have that thing still? Oh, yeah, I do have it Good Okay, I'll get to that in a minute In fact, maybe you'll get abducted at a checkpoint By some police, if you open your mouth yet On Friday today, the US embassy and bagged that told CNN That five contractors are believed to be kidnapped Everyone else has been accounted for but them The wheels of the military machine are in motion Investigation is ongoing The wheels of the military machine are in motion We haven't had a fax, a telegram, anything from anybody Who's been a Gulfstream to the recino yet No, we haven't planned him slots over there I saw a news report yesterday about it They didn't they talked about how big it was But then they didn't show anybody playing They just showed an empty casino Yeah, they had a reporter there live outside of Gulfstream Outside the casino They didn't want us to see that the average age of the people inside Was death plus 10 But that's always been the way Gulfstream Even when it was just horse racing You can't complain about the young people there because there aren't any Maybe this has been changed that Maybe this will bring some people under the age of 500 And they're all, it's in hell and they'll, what do you expect? They're trying to make it like the hard rock I guess they were saying that there's like a club in there now And you know, trying to get the young people to come out Right Well, maybe if we can get Gary Pucket in the union gap again For another concert that'll do it Here's yesterday's poll throughout American history Which group has been treated the worst? 630 votes Indians 695 votes 10 little Indians Who did that? Was that the Paul Revereen Raiders? No, no, no Children's salad 10 little and now there was this somebody done it A rock version of it 10 little engines I think it was defol and Marvin Indian 695 votes Blacks 563 We had a really good battle between the red folks and the black folks But the red folks won Jews 123 the only other group in triple digits 123 How about Sammy Davis's Indian cousin? Who? Gays 71 women 71 I hate this poll only 65 Amir 3.9 percent Mexicans 23 and Catholics 19 Oh yeah Although William Downey who the Catholic Lee he would disagree with that he would put Catholics whip the top There's this anti-Catholic Like that, you know he's a crazy person's what he is Just like all religious fanatics a crazy Who the whop person? So I'm thinking that if we really want to get the tremendous action on our website again Not that we care but if we did Get back to put a lot of naked pictures on there again Because I mean, these ain't even naked pictures There's nothing at all provocative about some seeing some joc With his shirt off, I mean what's the big deal with that right? All of he is you know He's not your everyday pedestrian joc lady Quinn But nevertheless, no big deal with that How about shirtless female jocs? All right Yeah, we need to get to be decurting back I think there's a way around it We have 25 plus in right mean That's only thing they're concerned about that law that fascistic restrictive law Is that you can't have any minors on there You have to have proof that they were at least 18 when the time they were taking the naked picture Well, I mean if we I don't know I don't want to go there because then Erica will get all bent out of shape Oh, you're going to be in trouble. I'm going to go to jail Yeah, you'll have a good time in there All those trips to the parliament house will pay off Practice makes perfect Anyway, getting back to this thing with the BSO The Broward Sheriff's Office DUI Task Force will conduct saturation patrols this Saturday That's tomorrow night From 830 in a PM till 5 an AM on Sunday morning in the following year is in North Florida It will see this in the McKinney sense It doesn't In North Florida, they'll open park unincorporated central Broward And paired drivers will be identified DUI laws will be actively informed You get all you drunk soft the road And if they just don't like the way you look or if you find out they voted for a democratic candidate For any office they're going to like drag your ass away It's just the way it is that's the American FN way I think that law is still that's part of the Patriotic Part 3 Oh, there's Hank is on CNN again On the story we've been reporting all morning long Oh, she is, Barbara Star, she is absolutely one of the grimace And she hasn't got any makeup looks like she just crawled out of the sack Americans anything come Wow 967 votes already in our goal is only a thousand Because of course one of the Are you looking at that? Look at what? Are the stars? Yeah, why would I do that? Well, because she looks worse than ever I mean, she looks like she looks sad She missed the makeup called this morning And she just crawled out of the sack Maybe her cat died Is that what it is? I don't know. Something like that I don't think she has such a crying Which ultra rich person do despise the most? We have 967 votes Rupert Murdoch for obvious reasons Because he's a right wing piece of crap Who's responsible not just for the New York Post All the other right wing pieces of garbage newspapers But of course for facts So-called news So everybody hates him like poison Rupert Murdoch 326 He's gotten agenda and evil doer if there was one I hate them all 137 You know what I'm thinking about those people that I hate them all? Probably slutters Hmm Like you people don't have two nickels drum together So they just jealous Oprah 134 I'm so glad that she moved up and was strong second place Nice going bitch Donald Trump 122 We hate the Donald Like Poison I hate it when people say the Donald Wayne Heizing of 111 And one thing he and Donald both share nice here George Steinbrinner 51 boys way on down to him Small potatoes I hate this pull 48 4.9% Ted Turner 27 Bill Gates 17 And Warren Buffett only five Buffett to put Jimmy Buffett on there He'd done better than that But we're not going to do that Warren Buffett only five Well you know he's so such a philanthropist him and Ted Turner 985 votes on the fold We leave anybody off of that thing We could still add him on there now I don't think so Actually that yesterday toward the end of the show And you couldn't come up with any people You got all the important people are there Well good We like to leave no stone unturned Well she looks bad too Whoever the hell that is I must have had a lot of Lipstick and mascara and makeup stuff like that Well she's in Baghdad They don't have any makeup over there Well that's right We don't want to have any women with makeup and bagbed Hmm Not seen publicly since resigning from Congress And National scandal I bet she's got some nice makeup on Mark Foley Finally emerged yesterday in Palm Beach County after the death of his father The former congressman left his post as a US representative in September after the Disclosure that he had sent sexually explicit emails To congressional pages is in town a West Palm for Ed Foley's funeral Ed Foley 85. on Tuesday Foley's emergence is coming out Comes as the FDLE indicated Sheifted from a preliminary inquiry to a Full fledged criminal investigation regarding Miss Foley As the scandal unfolded more details were made public concerning Foley's communications with teenage boys The US justice department and FDLE indicated that we're launching inquiries They're launching it How about you when he was sending those emails he was launching it too We found that there might be criminal violations that would warrant a full investigation Said FDLE spokeswoman Christina Perez-Wayla Perez-Lujah Whatever name is adding that the agency also is assisting the FDLE We don't know but that's what we're going to look into Wereing a red polo shirt fully was seen with his attorney David Roth that the Pombie Tum of his friend Lane Niesenbaum on Thursday Later spent time at Roth's office according to Channel 5 in Pombie Niesenbaum as a Pombie's dermatology practice I'll see that the dermatologist he's probably getting like a scrub Probably scrubbing it. It's unfair whether Foley will be at the visitation To the acquittal bomb funeral home or tomorrow's funeral mass at Mary and Maca Catholic Church His attorney David Roth, they should reach statement yesterday We have a foley in this family asking for privacy Roth couldn't be reached for comment beyond the press release Scott Anditch funeral director at Quattal Bomb funeral home Ignal has a maybe speculation about Foley's presence during the services This is about Ed Foley and not about Mark Foley Hopefully that's how it saves days And it's said I wonder if Anditch's can do a manage Think Foley recently underwent treatment for booze addiction And Arizona We have facility previously not so as attorneys that he is gay And that a priest molested him when he was just a teenager The priest Mark Shek, whatever his name is who said he thought he was enjoying it He liked it He had a good time He was smiling when it was going on All of that all of these things I wonder what Foley and Ted thinks about this you know ten haggard What do you think about that It's the devil The devil All the closet queens all the time baby All the gachkees all the closet queens all the easemist Foley wasn't you know Like some kind of religious nut like Reven Ted He was just a sponsor of that internet legislation about Well, let's be sure we protect all kids from The perverts like me on the internet is what he was thinking 994 votes on the pool Rupert Murdoch is running away with it hands down hands down your pedal to me The biggest name of best talent If this is me or Roger's Sports Radio 560 You A-N It's fucked up right there you bested That's a looser And that straight off Foley's a whole Go pub Now the práve of the dense poem is equivalent Man, yours matter Ren go For the club to man Has put up that part When code The mute That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that That didn't say you'd do that Yeah You're fair. 10, 19, it's 5, 60, WQA. Yeah, let's look at that schedule if we have to. Mad Dom is at Hooray's in the Fines between Aaron Pompino. Excuse me. Hooray's in Pompino. Is that what I just said? Yes. Two to four. Power hours. Goal all between 5 and 7. Then I'll guess who did the game on TV last night to Panther game. I'll give you one guest. Goldie? Goldie? Goldie and Denise Potfant. Boy, talk about the blind leading the blind. And the Panthers kicked at Frog Ash right there in the Aintis center, 5 to 1. Anyway, Panthers inside of with Goldie from Doris Titan Market at 7 o'clock followed in innocuously by the UM Evansville La Basque ball game. The American New Classic at 730. And then it'd be key from Vegas follows UM Basque ball, which is like following transmitter maintenance. In 2014 votes, we are off to the races. Now, I don't want to get into a big thing about this, but we might have killed some good time. About the internet streaming. Now you're explaining the B before the show, which I still don't understand. We increased the bandwidth so that it sounds so much better than it ever did before. It sounds really great. And Crystal Queer, it's just a beautiful thing. But we increased the bit rate to according to Eric. Yes. It makes it sound great if you can accommodate the more information that we're feeding out there. Right. Does he dial up yet rid of it? That's interesting. I can't imagine anybody using a dial up except maybe Larry King. You know, when he punches those little buttons, he wants to make sure it has to punch them real slowly because he's always got to keep on hand on his bag. Still see those ads. Oh, what? Diopop is offering dial up in, you know, just like what's the point. You only advantage to dial up is it's real cheap, right? And you know what? And you get your money's worth too. We got 773 friends on our MySpace page and Josh says that is really phenomenal. Yes, today. I also compared to what's your name, Nancy Grace friend. And she Grace doesn't have as many friends as she thinks she did. That surprising? Maybe that's why she's so anxious to be friend. Everybody she speaks to. Friend because she don't have too many friends. Or she have 400 and something on that MySpace page. Oh, like 200 something. No, wasn't. 400 and something. No, I don't think you have a memory like that. I think it was like 270 nine. No, 440. Yes. Look it up again. I'm telling you why I'm not guess is 449. I'm going to go in 270 nine. 449. Let me write these down. You say 279. I say 449. The winner gets a Brazilian dollars. It gets his own slot machine to take home and did a win. Or it gets a Brady Quinn to take home and did a win. Since I know you don't want that, I'll take it. So when we look it up and let's see what she's got. She's got nothing. Speaking of somebody who's got lots of nothing. Look, Pope, you know, the Pope with a fancy red shoes. So anyway, if we got any facts yesterday from people pitching about the internet connection and it's all messed up. Not yet. That's great. So far. If you're listening online, we hope that it sounds really sensational. You hope it is fantastic. And yeah, you're right. What? How much is it? 478. And I wouldn't be surprised if it was 449 yesterday. We knew it was up because she's probably getting a frames like crazy since we talked about it. 478. That's a lot closer than 279, my guess. But anyway, get that toilet paper roll out of the internet. Yeah, let's do the whole show and through the toilet paper roll and then the people online will say, it sounds like you're talking through a toilet paper roll like that facts gone Wednesday. So I've been to the 16th believe, Catholicism is growing sick. And it's historic birthplace of Western Europe where a shortage of priests is both a symptom and an aggravating condition of the choice of priestly celibacy. Keep it in your pants. That's the deal. In normal circumstances, myling goes taste for the spotlight. My cause of attic and assembly ignore him. But the fact that the Pope called the meeting in the first place is telling the question of specific dispensations. And the border question of celibacy is not a matter of fixed church doctrine. But as long as a tradition of Latin church, while Eastern right churches allow married men to become priests. Church in Saturday said that the small core progressive cardinals have been tried to open up discussion of the rules going well back in the John Paul's papacy. Some observers even speak of the risk of a new schism with mylingos departure. I wonder if he was a mylingor. Though he is largely considered an unpredictable and isolated figure whose lost matter is original following. His becoming a de facto public spokesman for those opposing the centuries old church tradition to a pre-slee celibacy, however, may have offered better that they unique opportunity to clearly stay this position on this hot button request early in this papacy as John Paul the toothed in his second year in Orifice. That's where the Pope's lecke in the Orifice. Vatican sources note that there are several prominent cardinals who want to at least find two in the policy on celibacy. They want to find two in it. Like your radio dial. I don't think the Pope cares about mylingos at one senior Vatican official, but he wants to give the cardinals a chance to have their say it's better to respond head on. A plight record before him. Caffeine applied directly to the Brains' gem. Caffeine applied directly to the Brains' gem. Caffeine applied directly to the Brains' gem. I didn't know Schuill was hooked on caffeine, but nevertheless, the plot of the arts to African Arts Bishop Soap Opera, which could be dubbed as Mellingo Terns, has been twisting for years a ten of yours, may remember that Mellingo, a ten of yours of what what is his son, says Tuts Time Agazine. May remember that Mellingo would build a loyal international following for his passion and Germans and purported faith-eaming prowess, shocked the Catholic Church in 2001 by suddenly marrying a South Korean woman Reverend Sung-Moyon Moon's unification church. Mellingo later passed things up with the Vatican, which simply never recognizes Merts to his handpicked bride, who held a week's long sit-in protest in St. Peter Square, demanding her husband back. She was doing an angel song. I want my husband back. My husband's back. Mellingo later published a book in which he repredited his murder to a vowsom was eventually placed in a backwater-retaining diocese, where church officials could keep an eye on him. But two months ago Mellingo's 76 burst back on the scene, or, dating former American married men as bishops and defiance of the Vatican. It was automatically excommunicated. It doesn't say that they were married to women or like to each other. He says he doesn't recognize the excommunication and is organized to convention for more than a thousand married priests and their wives in New York, December 8th to 10th. All right, let's hear it for those married priests. At least they're getting some minutes, so, you know, legal. As opposed to Mellistan, little alter boys. Is now with the Pope would like to do best, alter boys. I think that's probably his number one hobby. Imagine. Although it's Swiss guard, and I think they got to be legal. I know what the deal is with them. They got to wear like a lot of heavy, heavy clothing. So the Pope can't get in real easy. They can't just be hanging loose. 27 past 10 at 5.50 WQM. You know who would be a good Swiss guard is James Franco. He looks like he's got that look. Pickering in a parade, don't they wear those little, yeah, funny guy. I think we fit. He's got that Franco American look. I have a line for that, but Joseph, you very upset. A 1,3,4 votes on a pool. It's not even 10, 30 at man. We are really kicking some big. And that's because we got those naked pictures of pretty quinn on there. Man, that should really put us over the top. If you're expecting guests this holiday season, then it's a great time to dial 1,800 mattress. Plus, it's dialing mattress is 30th, but 30 minutes. Birthday. And a celebrate dialing mattress and simons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VD rest pillow top. You can choose from South Florida's biggest solace in this Simmons VD rest with same day delivery like always. There's no way in the world that you have to be of nut when you go out shopping for a mattress. You don't have to leave the house at all. Don't go to this vetting of department stores and get ripped off wasting a lot of gas and time and money. Just call it down a mattress like I've done for years, 1,800 mattress to get yourself factory direct prices, unbeatable prices, and we're running service with no nonsense. And like always, and I've been telling you this for about 100 years, you choose the day and time for delivery when you want when it's convenient for you a two hour window. And they'll show up in that window like noon to two, one to three. Instead of sitting around on your ass all day praying that somebody shows up and you can pick any day you want any time seven days a week at M to 10 p.m. Even the same day that you call in other words, if you make the call right now, you can be sleeping like a baby tonight and for years to come. That's why Dalamacris is ranked number one a customer satisfaction because they give you better prices and service than anybody else. And why just about everybody, if you am using this, Dalamacris on the web, check them out at macros.com or make the easy call right now 1,800 mattress 1,800 mATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendous Savings. The biggest name of the best talent to the business, we all rock across, for Shredio 560, if you are. David's a bitch. Isn't it funny how something tastes just take you back? Like when you were a teenager, remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening, popping a zid with your fingers and then eating it? Well, the great taste is back at the post-bamis. Yes, delicious creamy soft serve pus in a corner of a dish with your choice of toppings. All the great taste of your body you enjoyed is a kid. Like warm earwax, snap chips, at our new booker bits, the pus palace, ice cream, you scream, we all scream for pus. As Miss Fully would say, hmmm. 1032 at 560 WQM happy Friday too. Don't forget we got a big treat coming for a Josh and George Lomba later on. Like probably now. Jason's ice cream is a got there 50th anniversary and that big thing coming up to our night which we'll tell you about and that bringing in more tubs of ice cream and hot fudge and butter scotch and foot long weanies, those national foot longs etc. All these two tubs this time. Two tubs. Hmm. Okay. Don't forget what I recommended about the hot fudge and the butter scotch. Take those little plastic containers, new come for just a few seconds, about eight nine seconds. And then just you got steaming hot hot fudge to pour over your rocky road or whatever all it. But today I'm going to think I'm not in the mood for ice cream. I'll tell you that. Yet. This story is exactly what's wrong with the entire world. This this is what just makes me want to get down on my hands and ease and puke my guts on the floor for hours and hours. Puttin' them Connecticut. I'm one of those guys you need to do with Joe Puttin' them. The drives at Hazel Park occasionally and Indiana. How about Carl Puttin' them Junior? Anyway, two arm thugs try to rob a line of people waiting to buy the new PlayStation 3 gaming console early today and shot one of refuse to give up the money The release set. Shoulda given it up? Two confronted 15 to 20 people were in line outside of Walmart store, shortly before shortly after three this morning and demanded money said Lieutenant J. Paul fans. I'm sure he's really the Dave Vance. A spokesman for the state police. The new so many consoles are selling for around five to six hundred bucks. One of the patrons resisted. He kept his honor. That was the guy that got shot. Oh. Oh yeah, it's true. He kept his honor and he got the shot. He said the two gunmen fled and the victim was taken to University of Massachusetts Medical Center in Worcester. No immediate word on his condition. Vance said police were searching for the suspects both believed to be in their teens. He said one was wearing a ski mask and brandishing a handgun. The other had what appeared to be a shot gun. Kind of like the one that was used in that movie that we raved about Matt's point where he like had the shotgun. We're not going to tell you who he shot with that or if he did two to anybody. The old lady in huh? It didn't even rain. No we don't want to ruin it. Oh look at this more fact more pulls from a shot. Thank you Sean just in the nicotine man. Thank you so much. In Palmdale, California 30 shot down a super wall mart after some sharpers got a rowdy late Wednesday. In West Bend, Wisconsin, a 19 year old man was injured when he went into a pool racing with 50 others for one of 10 spots outside of Walmart. He had a pool problem. In Lexington Kentucky Police were investigating a drive by shooting the hit for people with BB pellets outside a best by store causing minor injuries. According to WKYT whose own reporter was hit as she interviewed buyers in line. And it was best by in Boston where it had only 140 of the consoles. They got smart. It's in Floyd's give out tickets to the first 140 people line so everybody could go home and come back later and buy it in more civilized circumstances. That's a smart way to do it. Absolutely. Jackson is here by the way. Jackson is here by the ice cream. Thanks God man. Thank God that I'm not there because boy my blood sugar would go skyrocketing. I'd probably croak right on here. Well, to make smile on my face though, let's see what Sean says before I look at his pools here. And this day I need some intimate grooming as a proper but I'm not so sure about the total bikini shaving so common among girls. Unless you're a biker or a guy doesn't want to bed down a girl with a body here like a adazner but I don't want to feel like I'm molesting a campfire girl either. It's okay for guys to trim a bit to avoid the cromagged and look. Don't want to be like that pissed off caveman but shaving even worse leaving a landing strip is mega gay. I would agree with that. Absolutely. See Sean knows what he's talking about. Absolutely. What? Let me say all the way. Let me say it again. I would say at least 50% maybe majority of young guys like say under 25 are heralists and they're not shaving their chest. They're not shaving their arm pits. They're not shaving. If they're shaving their crotchets, it's a different story. That's a lady thing. Totally ask you. What is your gay friend? No but what's straight guys are doing? As James Carbel continues his crusade to whilst Howard Dean is DNC chair, DCCC chair, ramen manual wants to consolidate. According to sources in the DNC and the DCCCCC, Emmanuel called Dean this morning to distance himself from the tone in general, 10 of Carbel's comments. That's yesterday. In a short conversation, Emmanuel, I was at he shared some of Carbel's opinions about the DNC's priorities but said he did not share Carbel's wish that Dean ought to be after this DNC chair. And by the way, guess who's going to be the speaker? I don't know what day it's coming because I don't pay attention to these stupid Canadian politics. Guess who's going to be the speaker at the Liberal Party Convention. I'm going to come with that. Baba? No. I guess I'll give you an audio clue. Oh, how are you? The unpopular manual on election item, the two at a Friendly Conversation Court of Sources of Affiliated with both men, whether when their schedules permit Dean and Emmanuel meet privately to discuss their plans for the 2008 cycle, both sides hope to reach an advance and understanding about how that democratic party committees will fund state parties and candidate committees. After the private meeting, the two will likely take their rapprochement public. Oh, there's another stupid French word. Meanwhile, current DNC member, FDNC chair, Dan Fowler, emailed members of the DNC, his response to Carbel. He said some ill-advised voices have suggested that because of his 50 states strategy, Governor Dean should be replaced with chair that he and C he wrote in the email. This is nonsense. He said the 50 states strategy is exactly what the democratic party need and continues to need. Nice going, Don. They don't come no farther than Don, but he's got his thumb right on it. You go boy. So how's the ice cream and the weanies and stuff? It's good and cold. It's just ice cream. Oh no weanies? Oh no weanies. Awesome a little bit early in the day to be thinking about weanies. Although I'm worried about it because I got a whole tub of ice cream over here. My own personal tub. Let me take a look at those pictures again on our website. Just to make sure that Brady Quinnage, Shave and his chat. I'm just telling you, if you can just tell when a guy's one of those ordinarily herless people, let's him. Just tell him you're right now. Okay. I can usually nine out of ten times tell by looking at a guy's face. I would say it because like you mentioned yesterday, when you're in person, can I finish? Or I can usually tell by looking at a guy. Whether he's got hair on his chest or not. The only exception would have been of course your ultra hairy and he made up for a lot of, your buddy Juan Pablo. Well, you were talking about the the stubble, which is very obvious. But when you're looking at pictures, you know, you know what they do with pictures. They retouched and I'm telling you right now, Brady Quinn is a smooth and sofy as a hangman's ass. Okay. I don't want to get in the way of your fantasy. Well, whatever. And what difference does it make? Okay. Why do you get in the future? I don't know. So I'm so concerned about all the financials. I'm so hung up about what is this guy. Shaving his nine. He's a whores. I can leave it. I just happened to notice on the picture that looked like he shaved his pubes. It was a wibbic here. They got a little bit gay. Unusual to me. And then of course you guys will both tell me about, you know, all upset what I'm applied that he probably uses there. And do I care if he uses his own hair? Apparently, don't. On his pair. 168 votes on the pool. Is what we got? What do you got there? What do you talk about? Straight up chocolate. That's a great idea. I've talked about some of that. Not fudge on the time. I got some Americano series in her cream. I'm putting it in the box. And put that fudge in the microwave and nuke it for a few seconds. I can microwave right here, who knows. Yeah. And I'm telling you, that's the way to go. Perfect. Real hot hot fudge. Listen to me. No. Just ladle it right on there on your tongue. And what are you eating in there, Josh? I got the same. I'm going chalking him. No. 168 votes on the pool. Which ultra-mitch person do despise the most? Whether or not they near their chest. Rippert-migrock 353. I hate them all 150. All 442. How much is he's neat? Not. Oh yeah, we saw what's coming out of her at well anyway. You'd be surprised. Oh, good talk. Donald Trump 132. Wayne Hising a 123. I can't believe Wayne ain't doing better than that. I hate this pool only 55.6%. 5.5%. Whatever it is. George Steinbraner only 55. He's small takers man. Ted Turner 31 Bill Gates 18 and Warren Buffett. He's still got only five. Solument-day chinkway. Soltonto chinkway, whatever it is. See when you start mixing the spanish and the tiniest very non-linguistic. It's bad. Bad to be doing it. Oh, here's another liparturist. But at least he wasn't standing in front of pin. This weekend, you people out there just desperate to see a really neat flick that you haven't seen before. Go out to your video story and get pin and also get match point. I think match points a lot better, but nevertheless, yes it is. Better ready. Better far with your hands and on kind of cute too. Have you heard from Leon? I'm Miss him. Yeah, that's good. He's sitting in the window and it's a lot of one really ending for you. The biggest name. So this is like hand visus. Be your father. For sure. You're playing 60. Please, you can. This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. It is the interview everyone is talking about. The question Anna has never answered until now. Anna, are you going to vote? Oh, yes. How are you going to vote on Proposition 87? Or answer will surprise you. Well, I didn't think about that. It is the interview moment that is almost too difficult to walk. Okay, then how are you going to vote on Proposition 86? I know nothing about nothing. It is grippy. Painful. Do you know the difference between Proposition 8 and preparation age? I'm going to sit right close off. It is dramatic footage. Are you a Democrat or a Republican or a Sagittarius with Mercury rising? I chose to say to the European. She's doing it. Let me tell you, 1047 13 to 11 at 560 WQAM joined Kim Boe capital A new to one. Big tall boring Kim. He's a good guy. New to one at the debut chart. Look at it at 9,000 West neighborhood 84. Stop by to spend the QM wheel for those really no budget prizes. And help celebrate Charles 30th. Absolutely. Anniversary. So Jackson's Indianians have in their 50th anniversary in Charles 30th. Now exciting. That's exciting and I think I might go. Fun sober. You might go to where to char-hat. No to Jackson. Oh you mean tomorrow? Yeah. Oh. And why still have that promo for their big thing tomorrow? I don't know. Send it again. Oh no, I don't. Oh you mean tomorrow? Yeah. Oh. And why still have that promo for their big thing tomorrow? I don't know. No, I don't. No, I don't. Maybe I don't have to. Don't we have a spot for that today? I'm sure we have a spot. One moment please. Let me check my log. I'm looking at my log and I'm in tears. Yeah, you did. Mm-hmm. I know precisely where it is. Here's a real surprise, not Republicans today chose representative John Banner succeeding fat ass speaker Denny Hancet in the top GOP lead position over the Democratic control house that convenes in January. Banner defeated Indiana Conservative Mike Pence. Banner's election cement says reservation within GOP leadership ranks. And his elevation is the party's front line leader came despite unrest after a spirit that campaigned by Pence. Banner succeeds of course Tom Delay, the anxious Tom Delay, who's out. Fast 94 votes on the pool will easy. Have over 1100 by 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11. And the response on that website is just unbelievable. That's because we got a lot of fruitcake shots there. No, I'm not going to. I'm going to. I'm going to burn. Don't think some women are checking that out too. We don't have any women. Oh yeah, that's right. Oh, have anyone? We got like maybe 40 50 women listen to the show. We don't have the be on this station. You just keep forgetting about it. You're right. In fact, I noticed they're in at very last segment of the morning show after we switched over and forced me to, I mean, I was able to listen. And Kenny said, it's 9.50 and then he said, a sports time is I need to keep her got about it. But he wanted to make sure that he got that they've got a gun to his head man. He's under tremendous pressure. You can bait your life on it. And then that's why I'll be honest with you. That's the only reason that I had Josh put those pictures of Brady Quinn up there. Because he's a quarterback for Notre Dame. It's a sports thing. It's got nothing to do with the fact that he's naked. It looks so hot. That's not going to do with it. I'll our straight male audience out there. They didn't want to hear about some hot looking young guy to play a quarterback for Notre Dame. But it's just sports thing. And in fact, that the sports fanatics are all like that, you know. Am I right? Isn't it a sports thing? You answer that, Josh. Yeah, why not? Depends on what kind of sport you're into. US president, George, he's busy trimming now. Don't get that here in the ice cream man. That's gross. Oh, no. Not again. US president George Vosemba's informed this week of an initiative to establish a center under his name in Israel as a sign of gratitude for his support for the country and its security for being so far busy. Outgoing Israeli ambassador to the US, Daniel A. Alon, what if he's kind of Frankie Avalon? Ask Vosemba to go ahead and establish such a senator in your fair meeting with the president and his deputy Dick Cheney. Vosemba told A. Alon that freedom would be a worthy subject for the senator to focus on. One moment please, I'll be back in 10 seconds. What a bit of a word. Scared me that dropped my spoon. Hey, we're all shaving our chest while we're on the ear here. I'm doing two birds with one stone. I, Alon, is yet to approach donors with a request to finance the establishment of the Bush Center in Israel, a Bush Center. But does not expect to encounter difficulties when it comes to raising the funds. The outgoing ambassador will continue to work on the matter with White House Chief of Staff, Josh Bolton, meanwhile I, Alon, who leaves the diplomatic service in a number of days left Washington on Tuesday and flew onto the West Coast, which participating in a number of events before returned to Israel. But it probably given him like lots more cluster bombs and nukes and stuff and saying, go get him. I go get him before it's too late. Oh no. Anna Caroleena Reston, she's a model. She was a model in Rio. The mother of a Brazilian fashion model who died from complications of Anna Rexie has made an emotional appeal for parents to take better care of us firing young models. Anna Caroleena Reston, she worked abroad and did some jobs for the Brazilian model agency. They keep a, I worked abroad. They keep, didn't work out though. The death of Anna Caroleena Reston 21 follows growing criticism of the use of underweight models in the fashion world. And issued a new significant step to the death in August of York, White and Model, Luis Sal, Alamo, is a hard-fated during a fashion show in Montevideo. See, hard-fated, they're hard to get an out-sleeved care and carpeter deal. Reston died Tuesday and say, Opao, a hospital from a generalized infection caused by Anna Rexie, anything to sort in which sufferers obsessively depravined themselves of food and for suit of the ultra slim look, the pencil look, a walking pencil man. Reston weighed only 88 pounds. It was about five foot eight inches tall. Doctors considered a normal weight for that, that to be a normal weight for a trubbier old girl no more than about five feet tall. Take care of your children. Nobody's worth a leftier child. Not even the most famous fashion brand is worth this. Her mother, Miriam Reston told, O Global News Paper. She said her daughter had been trying to help the family of money she made as a model. Miriam spoke on national TV into a local newspaper to highlight the tragedy. She said she had pleaded with a daughter to eat more. See a doctor have a sandwich. Go get some beep rub, be and be in burritos. Come with me to Taco Bell. She would reply, Mommy don't mess me around Miriam told O'est daughter to say, Pau, O'Cell Paule. And that's the end of that story. She's dead. Honey like that. Eat, mong, jaman, jaman. Really? And of course, if you eat too much and you're going to die too. That's the kind of God you got, man. Very, very sadistic bastard. 11-0-6 on our pool, by the way, 11-0-6. There's not a lot of point reading the resolver, often because obviously Rupert Murdoch's got it looked, especially with our crowd. We hate him like poison. I'm live voted for Wayne just because I went into a few left out. I know he was up against some stiff competition. All right, well, what's your doing? You've popped Mark, I beg you, friend, the Donald Trump. Even though I knew that Rupert is the more evil one and that's what everyone was going to go for. It's a nice hurt guy, Donald. Anyway, getting back to this O'J thing which I don't want to spend much time on it. Don't hear his video. Don't buy the book and definitely don't watch the fox thing. Right. Judas Reagan publisher of O'J Simpson's stupid ass book if I did it. Says he didn't pay him for the rights to publish his book in which the one time football superstar tells how he would have killed his ex-wife. Even in fact, he had done it. This is the most stupid pile of crap and again, like Fred Goldman keeps saying because they got him under every five minutes. It's just another slap in everybody's face is what it is. Oh! What I do know is I didn't pay him, Reagan, said in the statement, published exclusively last night on the Fudge Report. Fudge contracted. Is that Fudge? Yeah. I contracted to a third part in that. Did you look the high fudge or what? I knew the hot budget I poured it on my chocolate to get a chocolate ear. Am I right? I'm a past out here in a minute. Good. I contracted to a third party once the rights and I was told the money would go to his children. That much I could live with, she said. His children, who of course by the way are going to be watching this thing on Fox and reading the book and everybody's going to be saying, Hey, you're daddy. Kill those people. Kids. They know. I bought daddy. The book, the reportally, was sold a harbour council for $3.5 million. The producer of a TV special five-plant so-where in conjunction with the book confirmed that Reagan's statement was authentic and since he was publishing it only on the Fudge Report, it would not provide copies to other media outlets. She's in bed with misfudge. Not for long enough. Reagan said in the statement that she knew from my own experience that Simpson would be found not guilty murdering his ex-wife to Colbron and a friend Ron Goldman. Reagan said that she knew Simpson would be acquitted because she herself had once been accused by a boyfriend who manipulated light and broke her heart and then after all but leading me didn't a hospital he left for good. Reagan said, I made the decision to publish this book and it's at face to face with the killer because I wanted him and the men who broke my heart and your hearts to tell the truth and confessed their sins and it would be pennants and will mend their lives. Oh yeah. Simpson was a quit of the murder. We know that but I'd be put a book at about but all he was ordered to pay an estimate of $30 or $5 million in damages. He's never paid a penny and never will to the Goldman or the Browns or anybody else because he's a slime ball and a low-life and a piece of crap who is admired and who is feared by some of the people who used to work and still work on his radio station and we apologize for that profusely and again even though it's years later we apologize for the fact that he was invited to show up at our charity golf tournament. See that should have been the turning point right then in there. If I had any balls if I had any brains it would have been a lawsuit. I should have sued him for about 80 million. I should have taken their ass right to the cleaners. Greg Reed and school-hand and the bees laziness hold much and the water Nazi, these jacks wraps sniffing lunatics. The biggest thing is of best talent to the business, the Rogers, sports radio 560 issue AAM. This is the new Rogers show. I thought it would be a lot of questions. No, some stations give you cash, some stations give you cash but this station is going to give you more because this station is going to give you a total human experience. That's right. We're going to change your sex change. Change your sex. All the other happiness. Discover just why you were so loud and bad guys. Look at what it's like to ask for direction. Girls, you would like to be a jerk. And when you hear this sound, you as a call and we'll change your sex change. Change your sex. Winners of this exchange receive an all-expense day trip to Sweden where highly skilled surgeons will rip out the genitals, stuff them in a plastic bag and shove them some new ones. Winners may keep their old genitals as a free gift, employees of this station are not eligible to have their genitals ripped out free of charge but must do so with their own expense. Let them know to at 560 or speak in a Swedish or whatever. There's another category. You would mean to ask for Asian young men and who else Indians and Latinos. What about Scandinavian? They hear me. Very men in Scandinavia. No. The very fair. Have a little hair. Fair hair. Fair. You fair. Ha ha ha. Oh no. 112 votes on our poll today. It's almost as popular as those Brady Quinn pictures. I'm sure that every queen in America is looking at those. They're all over the internet. And of course that's bad that I found that stuff because you punch a couple little buttons Lerine and you find all these naked people on there. And I'm saying there. That's just I still can't get over that. There's some things that just bug me to the point. It's like that thing about somewhere there's a murderer out there on the loose. He was joking wasn't it? That was all a big joke. Let's pretend it was. No, I don't mean the murderer was a joke. It was a tragedy like anybody else but just wow. Well, we are sports intensive. And if anybody in sports gets like a hang there or something like that, we get really indignant and pissed off about it here on QA. I'm an across the street. I'm sure. We get really upset and bent out of shape and cry like little women. Like little ladies. Doug Thompson your buddy on capitalillboot.com. He's not too enchanted speaking a little ladies with Nancy Pelosi and rightfully so. Right. I don't like her either. Pelosi and that Democrats, the lady at her tramp she writes today in his rant on capitalillboot.com. He says after watching incoming speaker of the house Nancy Polonate Pelosi's Guinea, Gigley, kitty, Kira, staff performance before the cameras Thursday. I had to wonder is this Bimbabweb, Bimbabweb ready for prime time? After being elected the first female speaker in the history of the old boys club called the representative Pelosi who promised quick on flinching me from the congressional cesspool, urged her colleagues to elect us in number two. The ethics challenged lobbyist pandering pork bloated John Mertha. The Democrats quickly put the little lady in her place and elected instead Maryland Congressman Stony Hoyer. The vote wasn't even close. Keep in mind that Hoyer is no saint. Like Martha he never made a lobbyist whose money he wouldn't take. And he sold his vote more than once but at least it didn't give you a video tape. Telling under cover FBI's imposing as a sleazy con man that maybe we can do business once we get to know him. Despite all their promises are reformed, Democrats seem to be well on their way to a business as usual way of doing things, Hoyer won because he cashed in favors, the standard way of getting things done in Congress. Mertha lost the majority leaders job, but Pelosi rewarded him with a key subcommittee chairmanship, where he can keep cashing in on this contacts with fat cat defended industry lobbyists. Then the new lady of the house prayed to be for the TV cameras and said, let the healing begin. What's next? Try to outrodny keen to say can't we all just learn to get along? Over on the other side of the Hill Center Republicans prove they haven't learned a damn thing from the election either, electing corrupt, Rob taken Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell as their new leader and installing in a one vote squicker racist Trent Lot, as his number two. Lot whose raise with in victories being held is the comeback of the year by immediate that gave far more attention to the love side of vote against Mertha. Lost his job as Senate leader a few years back for praising the overtly racist presidential campaign of former Senator Strom Thurmond. Lost immediately a lot immediately received calls of congratulations from fellow racist durser W. Bush Dick Cheney and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolton. For a lot of the sentient back to powers pay back for the minorities voting democratic this time, I can imagine the conversation between W and Lot, well friend old boy glad to have you back. Now we had those darkies and wet backs on the run. McConnell of course is no beacon of light. He torpedo campaign reform openly promised a political action committee bosses that he would protect them as long as they keep writing out checks for the Republican party. Though same bribe paying lobbyists had best remember that the last time Republicans were in the minority and McConnell was on the floor of the Senate calling for elimination of packs because they did give money to Democrats. A cattle would pinpot one of his daughters for a campaign contribution. What we see here is clear indication that in spite of all the hoopla with the Democratic sweep of the House and Senate last week's elections, nothing really changes. Isn't that what I said yesterday? Just said no. I didn't expect the Republicans to change their stripes. He says the party the elephant is so corrupt so overwritten would slime that they of course turn to the same corrupts these bags and con artist who controlled the destiny for years. And while I held out faint hope that Pelosi might prove me wrong, she fell back in the old congressional habit of putting party alloyally above ethics. First of Porter's claims he owed Martha because it was his early opposition to the war in Iraq that helped put the issue in the nation's psyche and generate the voter anger that delivered to Democratic victory. And I've heard all the rationalizations about Martha's unethical behavior that happened a long time ago. It was never charged with taking a bribe and so on. Martha has a long proven history of selling his vote and using the power of his office to benefit family and friends. Realization of his actions normally come from partisan political pukes who would never ever accept such behavior by the other side. Pelosi's actions tell me that nothing will change in the House. Nor can we expect any real change in the Senate or new majority leader Harry Reed's checkered past is record a shady real estate deals. Show control of the body that is once again in criminal hands. The mafia has a saying for this. New boss. Same as the old boss. Never knew that the mafia had that saying to you. I didn't know it came from the mafia, but I just heard that before. Another word. What are you going to do? Nice college boy, eh? They want to make stuff in the family business. And now you want to go down a police cap and one because you slapped your face a little bit. Eh? What do you think this is? The army where you shoot a mile away? You got to get a close like this. But I've been your bloody brains all over your life, sir. Relicous food. Come in. Ah. You're taking a spary part. Ha ha ha. Oh god, I can't stand it. It's 11.08.05.60W. We got 113 in votes in a pool. We're going to have a stay. We're going to have some staggering number on there by 2 o'clock. Aren't we? I don't know what it would be. But remember it's going to be a little bit staggering. I'm going to be staggering. And you're going to be staggering because of all that same ice cream and all that stuff you're eating. You know what? This time I'm going to finish this tub. Oh god. Just out of spite. Right. Because I can't have any. I poured hot flood on it and I'm going to finish it. Hmm. Oh, there were a reason I'm going to check it out for those pictures again on our website. Don't forget join Kimba Bo Kamp or new to one at the Navy Charod 9,000 West City for spin the wheel. And if you win, you get some of the crappiest QM prize you ever gotten your life. That's not why you're going there. No, it's true. We're embarrassing. They're going over to say Kimba and Helps celebrate Charod's 30th anniversary. And to grab you some really good lunch, which you will be paying for of course, but never less. The US government's promised that Americans will never be hungry again, but they may experience waiting here this very low food security. Huh? No more hunger. Low food security. Every year the agriculture department is a report that measures Americans access to food and it's consistently used the word hunger to describe those who can at least afford to put food on the table, but not this year no more. Mark Nord, the lead author of the reports at Hungry is not a scientifically accurate term for the specific phenomenon being measured in the food security survey. Nord and agriculture department sociologists said we don't have a measure of that condition. The department said 12% of Americans 35 million people couldn't put food on the table at least part of last year. 11 million. This is why you're sitting there shoveling tubs of ice cream down your fat disgusting pussy. My fault man. 11 million that I'm reporting going hungry at times beginning this year. The agriculture department has determined very low food security to be more scientifically palatable description for that group less embarrassing. You know, if you say there's millions of Hungry Americans, it's not. But if you say there's hundreds of millions of people who got low food security, it's like what's that? The US has said a goal of reducing the proportion of food insecure households to 6% or less by 2010 or half the 95 level, but it's proved difficult. Over 100 Americans is risen over the past five years and last year, they sure are food insecure households stood at 11% food insecure households. Less speccing has been the attempt to fix the way Hungry's described. Three years ago, the Department asked the Committee on National Statistics of the National Academies to ensure that the measurement method U.S.D. uses to assess households access or lack of access to adequate food and the language used to describe those conditions and can are conceptually sound and operationally sound. In other words, if you got a dumpster in the back of the house where you can go and have a pick off somebody else's garbage, then maybe you're not really hungry. That's right, we're not hungry enough. Or maybe two hungry. Among several recommendations the panelists who said the Agriculture Department's Scrapper Award Hunger, which should be further away potential consequence of food insecurity that because of prolonged involuntary lack of food results in discomfort illness, weakness or pain that goes beyond the usual uneasy sensation. Or maybe in other words, yeah, that's another side effective on usual hunger is a death. The viewer is clearly an important issue in order to lack a widespread consensus on what the word hunger should be for, it's difficult for research to shed meaningful light on it. And of course, all depending on what you're hungry for, you know what I'm saying? Food? Yeah, that could be one of it. Or like Ms. Foley would say, sometimes you're hungry for a little something else. The biggest name, some best talents to this is you want a month from a gentleman in more so, a video 560 issue A.M. Excuse me, but I do believe that sounds ass. Hannah brains, I am the Reverend Tant Haggerd, former president of the National Association of Evangelicals. I have taken early retirement from that fine organization to push you another colon, not a higher colon, really more of a lower colon, much lower. And even though President Bush won't return my calls anymore, and I've been kicked out of my church. I found a new home, a new home on television. But getting that Sunday, the Bravo Network will premiere my series, a queer eye on the preacher guy. The premiere episode, my special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris. It wasn't he cute, when he was that little dude, he held your M.D. Neil and I would have just several important topics, including whoon is a massage, more than a massage. So, I'm having a sign, evil man, but really how did those boxers show it? So, it will reveal the new play I can see day. Yeah, man, in the sports segment of my show, we'll open play in the Reverend Tant Haggerd Cored Hold, tournament diff. That's queer eye on the preacher guy, with Mayan, the Reverend Tant Haggerd, some days on Bravo, it'll be so much fun. You'll think you just snorted math with a male escort. I'll speak to that, you know, I would have a little bit more respect for Reverend Ted and Ms. Foley, if at least they had good taste, which neither one of them does. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying that their taste is in their touche. Nevertheless, wait till you hear this story, boy, talk about getting caught with your Walmart down. My wife Elizabeth wanted to get a PlayStation 3 from my young children, John Edwards, said almost your vice president. She mentioned it in front of one of my staff people, the staff person mentioned it in front of a volunteer who said he would make an effort to get one. He was making an effort to get one for himself, Edward said. Elizabeth and I knew nothing about this. He feels terrible about this. He made a mistake and knows he should have not used my name, Edward said. Walmart had noted that Nudra news released yesterday that on the same day, Edwards was criticizing the company in a conference called with Union Back Activist. The volunteer staff member had asked to roll a North Carolina electronics department manager to obtain a PS3 for the Excendedors family. Earlier Thursday, Edwards had said in the Stamon email by spokeswoman Kim Ruby, we instructed no one to contact Walmart and our behalf. From Walmart headquarters in Benton, Veloccan, saw a company spokesman David Tovar said the Edwards staff member left a voice mail at the Rally store and identified himself as an Edward staff member. When the manager returned to Carl to staff member again identified himself as working with Edwards and Walmart said it confirmed it with the Edwards Office. We tailor issued a written statement yesterday accusing Edwards of not wanting to wait his turn. Oh, man. Fire, well, that's that. While the rest of America's working families are waiting patiently in line, Cenedor Edwards wants to cut to the front of Walmart statement said, this summer Walmart hired Edelman Executive Leslie Dash as its public relations director and put them on the company's executive team. Analyst predicted the retailer would likely become more aggressive toward its critics. Edwards Democrats VP candidate in 2004 spoke Wednesday to supporters of Union Back, Wakeup Walmart.com, on a conference called Lachin Groups Holiday Season Campaign, the pressure Walmart for better labor standards. In the colleague repeated a story about a son Jack disapproving of a classmate vines sneakers at Walmart. If a six year old can figure it out, America can definitely figure the son Edward said. Previously Edwards is a period at Wakeup Walmart rallies. Edwards said the volunteer was a young kid unaware of what he called Florida Walmart policies. He called the Walmart statement effort to divert attention from its own problems. Like I want you to overgrown children. I want my PlayStation dream. Yeah. I got news for him. He could have gotten it there for his kid. He would have kissed their ass. Everyone of them. Martin Plyz could line up. He would have kissed each and every cheek five times. Am I right? Probably. Well, what's I got to do with that just finished off my tub of ice cream? I said you're going to have another one. Oh, good not right now. Well, pace yourself as right. Wait ten minutes. Right. I mean, my brain's frozen for Christ's sake. You know, I'm really, really. And you guys are going to disagree because you think she's at, you know, I'm so sick and tired of angeline and july. What is the big sentence with her? We've discussed that same thing here. He's been holding a candle as Scarlett Johansson. He's been a great equine as far as being pretty. I think she's still attractive, but she's been skeved out and her antics are not very attractive. She's been shaved out. Probably. Well, that's the pits. Indian Felicity, 10, 3 of Angelia July's body guards in New Delhi Friday after parents complained to men in Miss Handel and abused them and their children during a shoot of the Hollywood stars latest film. Police have British body guards have been taken into custody after receiving complaints about an incident a Mumbai Islamic school where July was filming a mighty heart. Angry parents had said the guards had threatened them and called their bloody Indians. When they tried again to the school to collect their children on Thursday, how do you like that? Bloody Indians. The film crew admitted that there'd been some confusion at the school as the guards tried to keep the paparazzi out. We've arrested three people there in jail now and we've produced in court bar bargesh sing Mumbai's deputy commissioner of police told writers he didn't give a date for a court hearing. July had been an India for almost a month shooting on teaming streets and crowded trains for the film, which is based on the kidnapping and murder of American journalist Daniel Pearl in 2002 in Pakistan by a hard line Islamist militants. The solitary actresses portraying Pearl's wife, Murray Murray Ann. What sets on comeback, Murray Ann, by Terry Gillison? Is that what am I right about that for? If I can remember that, come on, Murray Ann, come back, Murray Ann, go to Hell, Murray and what was that? Today, all night, Murray Ann was in the Kingston Trail, I don't know. I think you're right. July accompanied by her children and partner, Brad Pitt, who was also the film's producer and their children, has sparked a media frenzy and the film set off in the track huge crowds prompting the bodyguards to stiffen. So even those people even though his engines are like nauseous from the tongues hanging down to their knees, it's Angelina, it's Brangeline. In the whole world, this secret is crap. Six, real sick, Googling and ogling over something that they're never going to have, they're not going to get it. Like, look at that picture in our website. What's the point? Can't come over here. Just for fun. Lebanon, that's right. Just for fun and just aggravate a lot of straight people. That's why I do it. 1161, and it works like a charm. I'm sure, oh, there he goes again. Well, two bad. Now maybe some of you are beginning to understand how some of his facts feel about having always to hear about the straight guys and their conquest in his hot chicken. Fine, great. Have a good time. Just I don't want to hear about it. You know, pay back as a bitch. Oh, it's speaking to that gay penguin bookshakes up Illinois school. Oh, I'm not another one of those gay stories. Yeah, Shiloh Illinois. Yeah, more of this homosexual agenda. That's right. Rubigan in, so to speak. Rubigan in deep. That's what Ms. Foley says, when it's out, rub it out, or whip it out. A picture book about two male penguins raising a baby penguin who is getting a chilly reception among some parents who worry about the books available to children and the reluctance of school administrators to restrict access to it. Huh, the concerns are the latest involving and tango makes three. The illustrated children's book based on a true story of two male penguins in New York City's central park zoo that adopted a fertilized egg and raised the chick as their own. Complaining about the book's homosexual undertone, some parents of shadow elementary school students believe the book available to be checked out of the school's library in the 11,000 resident town front of Mousesby St. Louis tackles topics their children are rated in a handle like homosexual penguins. I wonder what Burgess Meredith would think about this? There request, move the book to libraries, regular shelves, and restricted to a section for mature issues perhaps even requiring parental permission before a child can check a parental permission to be checked out. The districts attorney said moving it might begin to do the censorship. Oh, we don't want to do that, do we? In America? Yes. Filiac considers the book adorable and age-appropriate written for kids ages 14 though. They thought the book looked charming when a five-year-old daughter bought a home in September. They'll pinto. I wonder if she's akin to what's his name? What's his name? Dominico Madunio. No blue depint of the blue. Remember that? No. Voila! Anyway, forget about it. Delpinto City was halfway through. See, I do these because only chicken neck on a lot I'm talking about so he and I get a chocolate. Delpinto City was halfway through reading it to a daughter when the zookeeper said the two penguins must be in love. That's why I ended the story she said. Oh, how ridiculous. Two male penguins being in love. Love? Love. Love. Love. Delpinto City's daughter's teacher. In fact, that's probably why I'm most guys get along better with their mother than with their father because you don't want to love another man. That's bad. Delpinto City's daughter's teacher told her she was unfamiliar with the book in the school's library and directed her mother to Fidja. I wasn't alarmed with pitch force and ran with pitch force. I was instantly seeking answers. Delpinto City agreed with Fidja's belief that pulling the book from the show's could constitute censorship. The book is created similar flaps elsewhere, of course, is never penguins do they flap? Earlier this year, two parents' voice concerns about the book with librarians at the Rolling Hills Consolidated Library's Banch in the New Branch in the Northwest Missouri town of Savannah. Barbara Reed, Rolling Hills Director of Setsheed Consolidum at staff members at the Omaha Nebraska in Kansas City, Zoo's and the University of Oklahoma's biology department who told her adoptions aren't unusual in the world of penguins. They'd like to adopt an egg and then they cook it up for lunch. She said the book was then moved to the non-fiction section because it was based in actual events and that section she said there was less of a chance the book would blind side somebody in the friction section. Oh my god, this is what people are worried about. This is the kind of stuff that the Getskies are worried about. Oh, brother, I'm so glad that we can cause so much angst and grief and tourists. 1165 Oatsa, 1176. Wow, they're coming in in chunks now in big oozing chunks. What the hell is going on here now? It must be the big thanksgiving rush. That must be it. Because you know, what's it gets to be Thanksgiving from then till after New Year's holidays, I'm going to be talking to ourselves. You don't understand that. I'm so relieved to hear that the dolphins play on Thanksgiving. They're the lions. That's right. You do realize that they could actually beat the Vikings this week because the Vikings are a girls team. The Patriots pounded the miscellaneous week of your Monday night. And they suck. And then Detroit. I mean, that's another little girls team that make the Vikings look like super well-contentives. So the dolphins could wind up putting foreign to run everybody's saying, look at this We're on the way to the super boy. Yeah. Can't you hear it now? Yeah. Can't you just hear it? I can not only hear it. I can smell it. The biggest name is the best talent to the faces of your Rogers Sports Radio 560. You a-a-a. It's Friday, you best is... You're the star. Oh, no one will be strong. You're fair. I knew I was there. It's been said, you're warm. Yeah. Now we've making movies back to the crucifixion. People and the theaters are around to ask. It was not too much for that. It was too much for that man. Jesus Christ. Love you, star. Rex-Rey and the Pope give you a voice. Jesus Christ. Take a look. Don't say the film to you. I'm here to tell you being the book. Jesus Christ, on the street. The Lord, there was no hardship. Jesus Christ, deity. Why did that show name in variety? Jesus Christ, love is gone. I do it now. Oh, don't get the Christianists all up. He was used at one of the articles that I read yesterday. Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ, of all the religiousists, and all the religiousists. That's right. It's a ten-rawal story. 11.32 at 5.60 WQA. I'm not sure if you've got Mad Doggy's doing a show at Hooray's in Paparote, 2 to 4. And Bo Kemp, or Kim Polk, or Pumper, is going to be at the Charhoughton. They be new to one. Well, that's coming up pretty soon. We better plug it again. So I guess the closest clear starting in Newdy can get out the next time. Well, I scream and dig right into it. Oh, we owe me out. Well, how big are these tubs? Like a pint more than that, like a quart, half gallon, a quart maybe. I don't know. Yeah. Each tub is a quart? I don't know. And you're going to have two quart sets of half gallon of ice cream you will lunatic. More than a pint. Well, you're going to be spending a lot of time. A lot of busy reading time this weekend on the throne. Speaking of, um, Tristan and his old. Anyway, maybe Josh knows. He you don't know. You don't want to know. His stepfather. He's adopted in the movie or in the early part of the movie. No, I don't remember. George, remember how he was. You saw that part of the movie. Right. I did. And that kid was his stepfather and he grew up together in that family. He looked like his twin brother. Putting naked pictures of guys on our website last, uh, 24 hours. Yeah, that's it. I mean, I'd be more than happy to put more naked chicks on there. But, you know, you're going to have to be responsible for it and go to jail. You'll have a good time in there. Well, here's more PlayStation 3 crap. Aren't you a little bit tired of this crap? No. A lot of demand, two few supplies is to Harold and a scene that experts predict would play out across the nation. There were only 34 PlayStation 3 consoles available at best by in Data Land when the stores doors open at a clock this morning. Only 34. But over 100 people, mostly in their late teens and early 20s, it can't be on the sidewalk outside the store for as long as six days. I wonder if Larry King was there waiting for it. Uh-huh. And less than 10 minutes, all 34 PlayStation were sold for five to 600 bucks. The new PlayStation's Fiona's carried away their heavy consoles and talked to the plans to shower and sleep less lucky customers left hard and ejected. Extra employees were hired to work early as well as extra security to ensure the process would go smoothly. People in line received numbered tickets only 10 people were allowed in the store to time in the door open. That's a good early way to do it. Instead of allowing all these lunatics to go forcing their way in there and knocking each other over. One young man walked out and we sold his PlayStation for two grand, a man who was planning on selling it on for more on eBay, where Bid's were creeping over three grand. Over only 400,000 PlayStation trees available in the USA, best buy employees attempt to clean up that they'd be left by people in line, but there was a bit of an obstacle. Three people were already in line for Nintendo's Wii console. Let's see, what is this? What is this? That mean. Get him excited. I mean refers to chicken neck, I see. No. What about all his old stuff? Nobody wants to look. Tunky Magic, Twangler, Froggy, baby divine and the bus to Brown show. I remember that, but I should remember no dog. 1199 on the full 1199. We're going to be, let me refresh it. I bet you we got 1200. I bet you anything. I bet you that next quarter ice cream. 1199 on the full 1199. We're going to be, let me refresh it. I bet you we got 1200. I bet you anything. I bet you that next quarter ice cream. It's still 1199. So I lost. See, it's good. The Lord is looking over me. He's looking out for me. 1199 boats still. Isn't that something? I wouldn't you think any other time he'd refresh it, he would be like to 1947. Opponents for the move could help fan a resurgence of nationalism. Like I just said, teachers should foster love of the nation and homeland. The father land. They are worried because Japan's military leaders use patriotism to justify the expansionism, which led to WWII. The bill calls on teachers to instill thinking of students respecting tradition and culture and loving the nation and homeland. The father land. Japan's new prime minister, Shinzo Abby, AB, whatever his name is, AB, Lincoln, has strongly backed the bill. In a weekly email he said Japan's education system is not sufficiently addressed ideas such as moral values, ethics, and self-discipline, and self-abuse. He also mentioned a recent state of bullying incidents, which he said, would lead parents concerned the education system needed to reform. Conservative groups of long-awaited for a revision of the current law of saying people should learn national pride as Japan assumes a more active diplomatic and military role on the international stage. The bill passed after the opposition boycott of the vote and now goes to the upper house where the government hopes to win approval. Before the current parliamentary decisions on December 15, according to the BBC's Tokyo course, Von A. Chris Hogg, Japan has become a lot less cautious about patriotism than it used to be. Seven years ago, a piece of music that honors the emperor became the national anthem and the rising sun flag became the emblem of the Japanese state. And I was just about everybody in Asia is turning Japanese. But the government would argue that the country's passive constitution is preeminent and that no one is anything to fear for a more patriotic Japan. Right. Nobody has anything to fear. From anybody who has peace loving and, you know, probably five on the full thank God, but I would have been better for what it got stuck there in the 1990. And I would have started with it. See, I'm doing that just to show a little empathy for you guys. To share the love. We appreciate it. Well, because you're just shawting down, just gobs and gobs in that Jackson's ice cream. Oh, it's looting. Are you really? Oh, yeah. My sister, the woman brought the the rug lock in. Remember that? Oh, yeah. Just covered with powdered sugar. And I was so sick. I would wish I had my thing there. So I could have picked my finger and taken my blood sugar. I bet it was like over 500 would have broke the machine. That's like the woman that kept bringing the smarties to the hockey games. I kept telling her don't bring me any candy. Oh, don't you understand? I'm diabetic. I'm going to get sick as hell. And she'd bring me and I would, oh, gee, I don't want these. And she would insist I'd take them. Of course, I would eat them because I had them when you were addicted to something. If you got it in your hand, you'll eat it. They should just brought you crack cocaine. Might as well. That more control over that. Bring me these things as smarties at the hockey game. Thank God. I'm not there to go to the game. Some people bring me all that food like you're counting. Brought me that damn stuff that time. That diet, hollow bottom. Do you remember that? Mm-hmm. Man, I was on the throne. I felt like a king man of queen. Good. God. What was his name, David? David the furbison. Who brought in the, uh, this is in the, uh, to fill in that thing. And practically killed you right on the ear. That was good. Yeah. He rathed the fill in our on George's arm and talk about purple veins. Right. Now I know why they don't. Yeah. They're rocking back and forth because their circulation is gone because they can't breathe. They're falling over and then they're all in the water. I'm dying over here. Just like that in the English. Good guy, David. He's probably listening right now. Well, hum and bud. Above and bud. What a name. So best tell us if this is real rotors. Sports radio 560. You A F. T. Dammit I'd kick my own ass outside. My religion better than George. My religion better than George. All right. My religion better than George. My religion better than George. My religion better than George. My religion better than George. My religion better than George. But we like about it best. I found a book in which it will address my religion better than George. But you really should better than George. I really should better than George. I should better than George. We have no respect for women in private capital. We can live in private. I really should better than George. I really should better than George. I really should better than George. I need to get it. To Bahapuras. To people who slatter, pigs and dogs and ghosts. My religion better than George. That's a duly. I really should better than George. I really should better than George. We will be in these empty villages. I will pay me jail. I really should better than George. My religion better than George. I really should better than George. We not on board the father. You like over and over. You like to be with my religion better than George. You're fair. But you really should better than George. My religion better than George. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get you married lots of wives. My religion better than George. My religion better than George. We don't want to use our brains. We're mindless, letting go for race. My religion better than George. My cartoon characters, about a year is until that 14-year-old known at Fine Arts. I'm not sure if you're going to be a good boy. I'm not sure if you're going to be a good boy. My cartoon characters are better than George. I met in the World War chickens in the wall from Bodento, pulled out in the old days doing the most serious bad things. That was 47. conect like George existed? George ruled these frowns. They wanteditored water. There are sure of what Keeping Coastでした is. It's bad. Let's check with him. It was the key to a billion dollar a year illegal gambling king to make a laptop computer that authorities say was owned by a professional poker player for Miami name James the Ordonno. Do you ordonno who really let the computer out of his set left it behind earlier this year in the York while attending a wedding police said this week but in the three hour all it by the way speaking of this week before I finish this story. Are you on vacation next week? Yes. Well you didn't say nothing about it this morning before the show as a reminder to a doddling a doddering old man. Hey, I'm on vacation next week. And then of course Thursday is Thanksgiving day and Monday lines in the dolphins are going to be souped up they're going to be lining up so I'm told. Yeah. So we got the no show on Thursday. That's what we like. That's the the only good thing about this time of the years that there's all these holidays and lots of extra days off you got Christmas day and of course boxing day that we come off anyway. You take an offer boxing day now. Sure, whatever whatever. What is your down who we're about to computer out of a set left in the York but in the three hours he and his wife were away from their long-arrow and hotel room investigators armed with a search warrant and computer expertise leaked in found the laptop on a desk and made a digital copy of the hard drive. The covert operation on June 15 helped unlock the sophisticated internet based gambling scheme that has taken in $3.3 billion in cash wages from 40,000 better nation whites since 2004. Authority is in charge against your Donald 26 other defendants and three companies including one Hollywood another one in Davy. Oh boy. This is the largest illegal gambling operation we've ever encountered said New York police commissioner Ray Kelly. It rivals casinos for the amount of bidding. How do you like that? At first FBI agents a date county police tried to trick you down on 52 and letting them onto his property. They found them from a call box next to the interest database walled pancrest estate. Saying they needed to get into catch a burglar. He said, no forget about it. Get lost. Armed with arrest and search warns they then climbed over to your down was four foot wall and knocked on his front door. They arrested him around six a.m. Tuesday and he was placed in police custody. FBI spokesman. You hear that? What was that? Hear that? spoke? No. No. It's I think infosuma. FBI spokeswoman Jodie Orhuela said FBI agents also searched the south of homes of some other suspects and the officers and companies involved. Arrested at his long island home in C. for New York was Frank, Felserano, whose name also ends in a vowel. Oh. Identified by prosecutors just scout for the Washington National Baseball Club, Felserano 52 allegedly was a top earner in a network of 2,000 bookies. Prosecutors send the ring-wand gambling wire rooms in mime and on the Caribbean island of San Martin were operators took bets and kept records. I wonder if that's New York's St. Christopher's. Locals assign clients a secret code to track their wages, monitor points, breads, and results to regular strictured website. I'm not going to read the website. Their bets were open on all kinds of sports including football, baseball, basketball, hockey, auto racing and golf. Now we're talking. You show me somebody that bets on golf. I'll show you a real sicko. Somebody really sick. There's one thing I can't stand is people look gamble. The defendant's laundered and stashed away on $12 million using shell corporations at Bank of Counts in Central America. The Caribbean Switzerland, Schreitz, Hong Kong and elsewhere said Queens in York, the Averture Brown, Dick Brown. The prosecutor called the five million dollar asset for for your case among the largest of such cases ever filed. The 27 people in New York knew Jersey Florida and Nevada, which charged with money laundering and promoting gambling among other counts. Do you or not are weaved to extradition in Florida's expected to be a rade next week? Prosecutors didn't have the name of the attorney. Felserano who is ordered to held a half million dollars bail after completing the guilty looks for it. Defending himself in courts a defensive attorney Peter Tamau, who's name also Wednesday. But different deal. Charges were also brought against three companies that helped allegedly help to your down development secure the website. Primary development of farming the only York, prolexive technologies of Hollywood and digital solutions of Davy. No officials at the companies would comment their mum. How do you like that? Right there in Florida, baby. Out there in Florida some mightors are killer on the loose. You know who you are? Turn yourself into the right thing. Right? Absolutely. Absolutely. We need to do something about this right here on this radio station. You think Dick Tracy was a big shout with a crime stop for scrap. You ain't seen nothing yet. Wait till we turn loose some of our talk our sports nerd people. Look at that, Dutch government poses van on wedding, burnt wearing, berkers in public. Critics say the Berkaban would amount to religious discrimination. You go, you Dutch, you crazy bastards, you go. Berkaban. Yeah, that's a good idea. In your case. What a joke. Dutch government poses van on wearing berkers in public. That's one of the best ideas. Yeah, freaking great. A US soldier who left a 14 year old Iraqi girl helped to kill her family has been sentenced to life in prison with possible parole with possible parole. He. Specialist James Barker was one of four serving soldiers charged over the killings in the Iraqi town of Mumadilla which happened in March. He played a guilty and agreed to help prosecutors in an effort to avoid the death penalty. He could zero up to 90 years in prison the presiding judge said. Hey, could serve up to 90 years in my ass. Why do they always say such stupid things? Could they do? It could serve up to 500 years in prison. You know, if he lived that long, but this court sentence is you to be confined for the life of the natural life of the eligibility of parole to 10-occurrential Richard Anderson said he's expected to be eligible for a fall in 20 years. Specialist Barker was among four soldiers accused of the rape of the girl and the murder of her family. The three other sergeant Paul Cortez, private Jesse Spielman, and private Brian Howard, are facing court martial proceedings. A fifth man former soldier Stephen Green has been charged in a civilian court and Kentucky with murder and sexual assault. He's denied the charges. Before the judgment was handed down on Thursday yesterday, James Barker was told he told the court that Mr. Green had come up with a plan for the rape and the killings. Mr. Green, he brought it up to me and asked what I thought about it. So I want Bush talks about the evildoers and says these folks, you know, these folks. Same thing with Mr. Green. All the folks. By the time we started changing clothes, it was more or less a non-verbal agreement that we were going to go along with what we were discussing, Barker said, he also confessed that he hated Iraqis telling the judge that can smile at you, then shoot you in your face without even thinking about it. But he had a bad Iraq had made him angry and mean, yet that he regretted his actions. Saying, according to the court, he didn't set up to kill or deliberately harm people in Iraq. He said, I want the people of Iraq to know that I didn't go there to do the terrible things that I did. I don't ask anyone to forgive me today. And we don't. You butcher, you murderer. Somewhere in this town, on the loose. Military prosecutors didn't come in after the judgment was passed because they three other soldiers still faced court's martial. Get that right now. Court's martial. See, George is, he's fine with that. He likes that. I don't like the way it sounds either, but that's. I don't like it. It's correct. They faced court marshals. Who's? Like in Marshall's Michigan. Let's go to win Shulers, the lunch and get some of that bar cheese. Oh, that's right. You probably don't have a big appetite right now. No. I still keep thinking about that turkey dinner these days where you can get seconds for free. Turkey and stuffing and vegetables. Yeah, that's why I am whatever. For long time ago, 1965 Marshall Michigan WMRR. Wow. Followed by WSTR and Sturgis Michigan in 1966. I was the Marco Polo of Tiny Market Radio for a while there. And then of course made the big time in Kalamazoo at WTPS. That was the big time in Kalamazoo. Wasn't it? Oh yeah. The plores then. Who would have thought? I wonder if do whatever. A lot of those people are probably dead. Can you imagine all the people that we used to know who are probably dead by now? I mean, we worked with people who were listeners, people who were just just people, you know. Like, like, babes, people who are used to be people. And now they're like rotting your bones and flesh. The worms are having a field day. I shouldn't have said that because anyone would need any more ice cream. How's Joshua in on the ice cream? He had like two times today or what? No, I'm not going to wait before I dive into my second. Otherwise, he'll be missing for about 40 times in this. And be really bad if you go there and it's a full house. I'll pull a beaner boy, but chocolate will be coming out of my nose and that. All right, that. Peep nose. Reckton. Keep on who needs people. And can she sing? Can she spell out about an 18th of an answer, Saturn? Wow. That wasn't what I said. I was already. Yeah. 232 votes on the pool. In case you were wondering, what's that pool all about? Well, I don't know if we want to tell you now. I guess we will. Which alteridge person you despise the most? The expert Murdoch, he's got it down his pants, 411. Hands down. I hate them all, 168. Sound really jealous to me. Sound bitter. Or for 162. Sound will trump on 58. Wayne Heizing, a 141. Those are the only big shooters on there. I hate this pose only got 75.6%. George Steinbritner, only 63. Ted Turner, 35. Bill Gates, 19. And Warren Buffett has still only got five. They're, I'm sure they think of Jimmy Buffett. The biggest name. So best talent for this is when you're Rogers. What do you want? You're a 560 Q.A.M. It is Coach Don Schueler. And I sound like Bob Hope on Asset. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th or one hour whatever it is. The bathroom's filled, dropped dead and burned and held it. It's much too late to confess that I ride was just for oil. We hope you die of feathering oils. You know you're pretty sticking out. But people never die so. I was about a nice refreshing dawn on the waterboard. That your house at Blackwater as for more. And there were many unknowns and no you didn't know that first they were unknown. But both of the Germans about your plantful concentration. Your cancer gone for a safety as if you pay him. Just like bush on down your a failure in these screens. The oven just loved him. Come on to a 560 happy Friday to all of us. Some people out there don't want us to be happy no matter what it is. Here's her and Carl Springs who's the real pain in the ass by the way. Remember her? No, do I? Always a kevatch. Anyway he says it's rough streaming today. Lots of dropouts and knockoffs. Yesterday was perfect though. Yesterday we had complaints about the old ear. Sure. Lots of dropouts and knockoffs. I thought a knockoff was like a rip off of a brand name product. What is a knockoff on audio or it's a hit? Still hoping to hear something that you'll be moving to serious. Hi, George. Thanks, Herbert Carl Springs. Hey, Rob. Yeah, get lost. There are no other complaints. Everything is just fine. Oh, we're fine. Why see nine dropouts on the, although it's still a green light is on there on my thing. Mm-hmm. On the, uh, swishing. I mean, whatever it is. Or speak to the internet. YouTube. You, too. The popular online video hosting service is issued a season this is dorter to block our Michael Errington of Tech Crunch. The man he moved a downloadable tool, which captures videos from the site. Technology daily reber ports. Errington had created the program and maintains that it does not violate you. Toob service, a term to service. Excripts from the article, uh, a season he says later sent by the video sharing site. You. Toob. Toob. Toob. Toob. Toob. We've got dropouts and they're getting wrinkled. Tech Crunch has Michael Errington received letter earlier this week from Wilson's son, Seenie Goodrich and Rosati attorney, Karen Swope, who accused him of violating the You. The term of use of torches interference in business relationships of committing an unfair Business practice and a false advertising. All of these. All of these. Errington said on his blog that Tech Crunch's offense was developing a small tool that Let's people download you. Toob videos to their hard drive. The application was referenced in a recent post at home. Readers had a movie. Toob videos to their portable digital devices. Errington launched Tech Crunch in June last year. Said he created the new tool after carefully reviewing the terms of you. Toob. Which state if you download or print a copy of the content for personal use, you must Retain all cap a copyright and other proprietary notices contained their end. Do you understand what that means? No. No. Haven't got a clue. Obviously he does neither. They got a lot of hootspots considering that they were, you know, allowing copyrighted contract On there for ages. Wait, does he have a lot of hootspots? Yeah, amen. Yeah, that's right. That's the point. I should say. And they were being threatened with 80 billion lawsuits and you got all this copyrighted stuff on there and you better see some decisions and cut the crap and all that. I say it's a, you know, it's in, it's out there in space. You know, it's out there in space. It's in the Eastwick. That's right. And if you can grab it, grab it. That's right. If you got a chance to get it, grab it. Just like those pictures, I got on our website. If you got a chance to get your hands on it, grab it. Look at handbag. Ooh. Anyway, get off of that. Okay, between the ice cream and Brady Quinn, you're a bad influence. Okay. Very important death. And you didn't even remind me to talk about it. He kind of has Milton Friedman dies. I mentioned that this morning when when I saw it on my, I was celebrity death beeper thing. You mentioned that to me. Yeah. That had you do. You're ignoring me like you always did it. Yeah, I'm probably probably for good reason. That was probably before I was in here. You're probably saying, I'm out of the human eye. Probably had the a toilet paper off. Oh, I was making a joke because I never heard of it. It's like 93 or something. 94. Oh, more than old enough. 94. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. No chance. Not what all this bad blood sugars and all that ice cream and stuff. And now you got my appetite all whipped up. I'm going to go over to my neighborhood Dominion, my supermarket, and see what kind of big courts they got. You know, half gallons are big tubs of goofy, goofy stuff. You know, like, Tom. Tom's good though, isn't it? Yeah, it does. Right now a cont sounds good. Milton Friedman, no bell price winning. You can't. You can't. You can't. You can't. Yeah, it does. You know, I can't. Milton Friedman, no bell price winning economist who champion individual freedom influenced the economic policies of three presidents and befriended were leaders died yesterday. He was a mere 94. He was just a spring chicken. Got a picture of him and his wife rose in their San Francisco farm in October. It's to me like she beat him by about 10 years, but she still, he's still grabbing on to her. Good God. Woo. He don't look too bad in that picture. Although, not probably don't look quite as good. He died in San Francisco said Robert Fanger, a spokesman for the Milton and Rose Friedman foundation in Indianapolis. He didn't know the cause of that. And the inapolis, what a glacier place for his foundation. Milton Friedman revived the economics of liberty when it had been all but forgotten, said former British feminist or Margaret Fatcher, one of the politicians and colleagues who had a lot of freedom in yesterday. He was an intellectual freedom fighter. Never was there at less dismal practitioner of a dismal science. In numerous books and newsweek magazine common, a PBH show of freedom in champion individual freedom in economics and politics. The longtime university Chicago professor of pioneer to school thought that picking known as the Chicago School of the United States. The Chicago School of the Economics is working still widely influential in the business world academia and politics. His theory of monotourism was adopted in part by the Nixon Ford and Reagan administrations. It opposed the traditional Kenzian that can make an amic so dominate US policy since the New Deal. He was a member of Reagan's economic policy advisory board. What if we still have that bit the money, Reagan, amic supply side economics, a blues by that country, a singing guy, which I can't take of his name right now. What does his name mean? I don't know. I don't know. He called in on here that they political guy. Back from the INZ days, boy those are the days man had a good time in those days. Would you get that? The DCS has been due to the money, what's that under? Supply side blues. Get on and shorten it so that it would fit in a little title bar there. Supply side blues my ass. Yeah. I don't have that in here. Sure you do. I know I do not. How could you not? I sure told the guy. Put this in here recently. I don't got it. I want that. You all. Tell me on Monday, no feedback to you. Franklin condo, Frank Exlecono, that's his name. Very good? He called in that one day. Remember he's about 100 years old? Anyway he was a political lab. He was a Bobby Graham kind of guy. An anti-rigging guy, which is fine in my book. That's back during the old WI and Z days. Any remember those? Oh, unless you really old like me? About 149. About 149. I'm begging pardon? Look what somebody just backs thin. What's that? He's robbed people in PlayStation 3 waiting in line. And shoot one. When Lincoln's got a bad headache. And he's also gay. We'll be side there. Don't forget to get over to Charhart and David Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo is waiting to see you right now and watch you spin that wheel and say, Oh boy, you won, but wait to see what you won. What are those QA and prizes? Then they'll go like, look at that. Kimbo's there now to a one o'clock at the David Charhart, which are you guys love Charhart Wednesdays because they bring in food for everybody on Wednesdays now. Boy, it's a damn good thing I'm not doing my shows there. I'd be doing. Yeah. Anyone the David Charhart's at 9,000 West State Road in the four. Stop by the spin that QA and wheel. Spin the wheel. Look that. And help celebrate Charhart's 30th anniversary. Say how to Kimman, say boy, you're killing at Kenny Walker in the morning with that sports crab with all those segments. You know, those prefabricated segments? Oh my god, you're just killing that poor child. But nevertheless, that's Georgia's comment. My take is I don't hear it anyway. I mean, Georgia doesn't really just say. That's right. I mean, I don't know what you're doing. Frank, excellent count on. So how can that be in there? And it's not in here. I don't know unless you blew it out for some reason. I mean, I don't know if you can do that. I can't do that. I can't carton them. But when anything out of here that I didn't put any of my stuff, you know how that word. I do. Yeah. So I don't know. Just one of those things. It's under supply side blues. Supply dash side blues. Right in between supermarket mo. No gun. And Supreme Court sex. Wait a minute. Supreme Court sex. Uh huh. It's right above it. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And Supreme Court. And between those. To I got this. For sure. The number of points meant to me. I got that. You know that? I don't have that. Wow. Well, I would ask a Supreme Court pyramid winner. I love this. For a spot on the nation's highest court. Start the clock. Oh. The Great Wall of China. Michael Moore. Thanks. You can say. For matters, but. Right. You read. That's the. Frosted place. President Bush. Hey. That's not a crime. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The biggest name. So best talent to the business. The erotters. Sports radio 560. You. A.M. The. The. The best talent. And. Miami hurricane football. Growing for. I love it. Right. More for the touchdown. Oh. Tomorrow. The hurricane. Seek on the Virginia Cavaliers in the. Scott. Virginia. Hurricane. Game. The. The. The. The. The. It's. Friday. You. Friday. Pre rested. My allows h cycle's pre spent it's lot more happy. After we But ready, what around you? You've been all messed up. Yeah! Oh, gee. We're gonna find the roasted peppers. Oh! Go to the aisle between G and I. Why didn't you just tell me to go to H? You said I didn't. Yeah, yeah, why is that hyma? He looked. There's an open cash here, all of it in. That's the expressway. You got 30 items in there. Yeah, but there's more. Not 30, man. They don't count on anyone. I get over it. I do it my chuckle. Oh! Don't want to know, don't you? Well, I'm right in the chuck, so why? I'm not going to call that me just now. You're not me just now. I'll fish ya more. You'll know. Yeah, I'll hide right now. I just want to congratulate you on a very entertaining show. You know, I always thought radio shows should be done live from a grocery store. Get that to you. Can I go home now or a shores, or not? Oh, what? Watch out for Mr. Whipple. Down, squee. Don't squee. Don't squee. Don't squee. Don't squee. Don't laugh. Go in. Okay, blame George for that because I never would have played that again in a million years if you wouldn't have said it. And I thought, well, let's play that. I haven't played that in a million years. If I had said what? Oh, super market mode. We were looking for the thing there. Supply side economic. So anyway, during the last break, there's a knock on the dough. Speaking of mold. All right. And I'm sitting here my underwear is and I hear, and it's my office apply stuff. All right. They got my case of, um, facts paper and a couple of toner cartridges and that exciting or what? So now they're looking right to the dough. So I don't have to, um, go, slip down stairs and get that one of those carts. You know, and slip it up the elevator and hold you. And old man like me shouldn't be, slip and heavy stuff like that. Like a case of a facts paper. That's right. Right. Whatever that means. So that was nice. And, you know, I signed a thing and he left this crap off there. So much for our, so I got me some of black guy. Come on. That's all that that word means. Okay, sports means black. And these people get all bent out of shape. I don't want to mention no name. No, no, no, no, no. But the guys who stick, yeah, stick it. Stick it, ma'l. You will still be old Jew. Come on, what's 74 votes on the pool? Oh, you're going to love this. This is one of my favorites. Yesterday afternoon, the United Nations rejected a call by Jedi Knights in England for recognition of the Jedi faith as an official world religion, according to Ross story. Tolerance for the Jedi's. Here's some bags. She's holding up a sign. Tolerance for the Jedi's. A story in the English tabloid of the sun reported a, a period of departing Secretary General cup of coffee and by the Jedi worshippers for official recognition of the religion. Why not? This name more ridiculous than any of the other ones, especially like that Scientology. That's a sci-fi based religion. The sun-minking of Tolerance changed to an interstellar day of Tolerance. Direct, de Jarrick with or without lightsabers. He added, oh, Stefan, not Stephanie. Excuse me, Stefan. He looked like a girl to me. With or without lightsabers, he said. Or even the Buffalo Sabers. When for another planet right now, I would. I see there goes, I see a bunch of people's religions. Shame on you. You dumb cough. Shame on you. You intolerant bastard you. And we just got through a planet. My religions better see it. It's right in, like a glove. Pentagon guidelines that classified homosexuality as a mental disorder now put it among a list of conditions or circumstances that range from bed wetting to fear of flying. The new rules are related to the military's retirement practices. The change is not effective. He don't act. Don't tell policy that prohibits officials from inquiring about the sex lives of service members and requires discharge to those who openly acknowledge being gay. There's nothing worse than the gay discharge. The revision came in response to criticism this year when it was discovered that the guidelines listed homosexuality along mental, alongside mental retardation and personality disorders. The guidelines listed homosexuality along mental, alongside mental retardation and personality disorders. Mental health professionals said yesterday, we're not satisfied by the change. Just like I'm not satisfied by those naked pictures of Brady Quinn on our website. I'd be satisfied if the knock on the door would have been him instead of the stupid office of peddemy American psychiatric association wrote to David Chu undersecreted defense for personnel readiness. One of his kin to Vince Kelly, as his end-effects, that could also lead to retirement, but are not physical disabilities. Defects, you know, like having, you know, one thing I noticed about Jonathan Reesmeier's and I'm going to be matched point. That's one of his ears is really bizarre. He's got a strange looks like crinkle up. Possibly. That's what he watched it. His upper lip is kind of not even either like one of his eyes. On the whole, that's kind of that gay. That's part of that. That's a British thing. And I'm excited. Very very very very feminine. The guidelines outlined with the conditions are stammering or stuttering, dyslexia, sleepwalking, motion sickness, obesity, insect venom allergies, and homosexuality. If you're allergic to the busy bee, more than 30 years. That's third man. After the mental health community classified homosexuality as a mental disorder, it's disappointing that the Pentagon still continues to mischaracterize it as a defect, said representative Marty Mean and Massachusetts member of the House Armed Services Committee. Pentagon spokeswoman Cynthia Smith said, homosexuality should not have been characterized as a mental disorder. A clarification has been issued, she said, which was damn wide of her. The psychiatric association be classified homosexuality as a mental disorder in 1973. Questions about the Pentagon's guidelines are raised in June by research institute at the University of California, Santa Barbara. There were 726 military members discharged under they don't ask to tell policy during the budget year the end of September. But third man. It's always 30, no matter what is it, 30. Am I right? Seems to be. In fact, I would be surprised if instead of 2020 vision someday will all be seen so good. We got like 30, 30. 284 votes will be way over 13, under by the top of the hour. We got a real shot of getting some number by the end of the day too and who cares. We don't really care. I think I'm going to dip into some real heavy duty ice cream right now. I don't have any. Look, let me say this to you. Now you know me well enough all these years. Do you think if I had ice cream in a house it would still be here? No. I'm not one of those people I can go to the market and stock up on a bunch of stuff that I'm addicted to and put it in the refrigerator in the cupboard and the freezer. And just like it's sit there. No. Not possible. You're going to binge on it. Impossibly, maybe. That's an avenge my ass. No. I'm sure I'm not going to binge on it. Well, here's the story about Tommy Thompson the cheese. He's going to form a committee to instigate and investigate. He drank water from a creek. He was an outdoorsy guy. Yeah. Tommy Thompson. What an idiot. He thinks he wants to run. Well, why not? Not a free country. Can't be any worse than the other guys. All these incompetent goofballs. Just a question of who's the most famous and who can raise? Mr. again, who can raise the most money? That's what it's all about. Right? Rubin? Hmm. I probably shouldn't do that. Probably messes up the head on my razor when you think if I put an out against the, you don't have to go on a front on there. I don't care if I messes the microphone up because I got another one right over here. I think I did that a long time ago. I got this other. I don't know why they've put it. If you could see the way this thing is set up, here's the other mic. Okay, the way it sounded like I'm in stereo now. No? Sounds like there's two of you. How about now? Can you hear it now? No. Yeah, how do you can? Well, I mean, I can hear you. It doesn't sound any different though. What about what I'm talking about with my friends? Oh. What do we just shove this other thing back there? They got a microphone, a guest microphone, which I'm never going to have a guest. And there's like about you never know. You never know. I'm the other side of this console. So that herb guy in Carl Springs, it never done a media left there. But his, uh, constant facts about the internet streaming. This is the guy, what is he can listen to Howard all day because they keep repeating the show on the internet on serious. And what am I going to answer? Same old tyrant tune, okay? Same old crap. Herb get a life. You silly person. I have no life. God, you know, I'm talking about, if you remember those days, I do. Sir, no. 26 past noon. There's that crude bill fist. Oh, we're CIA. There's another one thinks he's going to be president of the day. There with Bob Gates, who you know, got turned down already a million times. That's why the Bush people want to bring him back alive again. Just keep re-treading the same old tyrant criminals over and over again. That's what we got in politics. You know, same old tyrant faces. How about like somebody doing exciting like Tommy Thompson that she's had? The legendary Jackson's ice cream parlor, which has run in all kinds of goodies for Josh and George today, which they're both ready to just keep their guts out because they ain't way too much. But it's good stuff, man. There's nothing like it. And Jackson's in danger. Beech is celebrating their 50th anniversary with extravagance of this Saturday night. Sounds like tomorrow to me. And George says he's threatening to go there. I think I will go there and say, oh, there's that little George. There's that, uh, Georgie Aporgie. Hop up some more freebies. They've been operating, uh, let me say it again. They've been around. What am I talking about? They've been around for about 50 years because their ice cream is just that damn good. And they don't just give you ice cream that have all these wild concoctions. All kinds of great unique flavors. Sundays their famous kitchens sink so big than unless you were a gigantic cow like me. You won't be able to finish it. I dare you to bring me a container of any size of ice cream and say there, you can't finish it. Like they story one event. I'm not going to take that bet. Come out to Jackson's tomorrow night from 7 to 10 for a great family event and help raise money for the pediatric emergency department of German, Demagio Hospital and join music and video retrospective. There'll be a silent auction. A raffle in the first annual national Delhi hot dog eating contest with those big footwands. Jambo bunch of those down your posts. It's all part of the biggest party in the Indian Beach and it's tomorrow night. The 50th anniversary celebration of Jackson's ice cream proceeds from the food and software themselves. We're going to do it. I'm going to show you children's hospital and mission is free. So come out, pick out like a cow and have yourself a great time for a great cause. It's all happening at the legendary Jackson's ice cream parlor. Just know the sterling road on federal highway and prestigious, the Indian Beach. If you want more info call 9-5-4-4-5-8-03-8-0. The biggest name of the best talent for the business wheel rotors for Shridio 560-U-A-N. Did you like my piping? Still think your blackberry has you totally connected? Yeah. Think again because now the future of wireless technology is totally connected to you. Introducing the Dingo Berry. Or get those clunky belt clips, the Dingo Berry hangs snugly from the most secure portion of your anatomy here. Take a look at my... Oh, whoa! Email the internet and cell phone service in a device just one tep the size of ordinary PDAs. In fact, you'll never even know your Dingo Berry is there. Sound expensive. We'll wipe out my savings. Nope. If there was any wiping, you wouldn't even have a Dingo Berry. Cool. I'm going to pick out a Dingo Berry right now. Sit on the future with the Dingo Berry. Everything. It's cramped up to be. That's what Boa always said. Oh, no. No more things are paid just coming out. Oh, what do I care? I got a whole case of a faxed paper there now. And that's Biffy? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hammer mill molest. But that thing weighs about 8 trillion pounds. From 1998, Boaots on the appool. Any interest in that? No. No. We don't need to care where the appool is. It's just to try to attract you to our pool, which are like, you know, honey's to it'll be high stuff like that. I think I can probably get rid of this stuff in Boa Canger. It could be another half hour at the chart. Just kind of tidying up a little bit here. With talk of a rapid minimum wage increase in the beginning of real congressional oversight of the White House already promised when Democrats take over the Senate in January, Senator Chris Dodd-A Connecticut will take another step in the right direction today. Dodd-A'll introduce legislation to amend the recently passed Military Commission's Act of 2006, aka the Bush torture bill, because of the powers of the attention and prisoner abuse that affords George W. Bush, and then attempt to make it look like a law that actually represents the U.S. we all know and love. We in Congress have our own obligation to work in a bipartisan way to repair the damage that's been done to protect our international reputation, to preserve our domestic traditions that have provided a successful mechanism to improve it and enhance the tools required by the global war on terror. I'd say yesterday. I like him a lot sometimes. Chris Dodd-A he's really good at times. He's very articulate. He looks like the late jury Williams. Dodd-A not smoking an opponent of the Military Commission's Act will go to the Senate floor today to introduce the effective terrorist protection act, a prosecution act, which will accord the Dodd-A's office, ensure that U.S. servicemen and women are afforded the maximum protection of a strong international legal framework guaranteed by respect for such provisions as the Geneva Convention and other international standards. The Connecticut Democrats legislation is also intended to restore some of the moral authority and merciless to the rest of the world. When it came to the U.S. government's executive branch, the sweeping ability to breach civil liberties in a man and moral like a dictatorship that in democracy, rights Bob Geiger. It's clear that people are perpetrated to these horrendous crimes against our country and our people have no moral compass and deserve to be prosecuted to the fullest and the laws said that, but in taking away their legal rights the rights first codified in our country's constitution were taking away our own moral compass as well he'd be saying. Among other things, the effective terrorist prosecution act will do the following. Restore habeas' corporate protection to the Tainees, narrowed that definition of unlawful enemy combatants to individual severely participate in hostilities against the U.S. or not lawful combatants. More information granted to coercion from being introduced as evidence in trials. Empower military judges to exclude hearsay evidence they deemed to be unreliable. Authorised the West Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces to review decisions by the military commissions. Limit the authority of the President to interpret the meeting and application of the Geneva Convention and make that authority subject to congressional and judicial oversight and provide for expedited judicial review of the military commissions acted to determine the constitutionality of its provisions. Many Americans have bought into right wing spin that says Democrats don't like Bush's torture bill because they want to protect the rights of the terrorists. This is because team Bush's carefully hidden the ugly truth behind this law that the power grants would allow the Bush administration to pluck any American off the street to clear them in an enemy combatant and hold them without counsel and with other other constitutional protections. Said the idea, I take a back seat to no one when it comes to protecting this country from terrorists, but there's a right way to do this and a wrong way to do it. It's kind of like a radio. There's a right way to do it and there's a wrong way to do it and there's the abysely way to do it. Which generally tends to be much closely the wrong way. So how we doing over there at Power 96 is great got that all straightened out now and we stopped playing all over the Tony music or what? I don't know. We don't know because you're not listening to any of these anybody else. Nice going Tanner. Hey Tanner, you're fairly silly person. Be careful. It's the Tanner building. Oh man, that stuff, mysterious. Here real Carter. What a lady. 132 votes on the pool. Which after rich person you despise the most nobody can touch, remember? Not can who would want to. 123 votes. He's got more than double next to Oprah. I hate them all. 186, a bunch of real real jealous bastards out there. Too bad. Me too. I mean, I'm doing okay, but not in a league like that. Who couldn't use an extra billion dollars or two. Right? Yeah, sure. I'm still thinking I'm doing the show from Berlin. Starting really soon. To help tell what this business sitting here looking at pictures of Brady Quinn. I'm going back to Berlin. I'm going on a hunt. Really? I had a ho, do you have any idea where that is being the Montana guy that you are? Where? I wonder if that's where Dickie Greenlee got his name in the Greenlee family. Remember Dickie Greenlee from that movie? Was it? Nope. Yeah, you do. You seen it. The Matt Damon movie. The tell that Mr. Ripley did. Oh, that one. Yeah, I forgot all about it. I don't know where the. K-plantship. Man, if she isn't, you know, there are a couple of actresses that really drive me nuts. She's one of them. She is so grotesque. You know, since he always plays that real nebyshee. Oh, nobody wants me. I can't imagine why Kate. You nasty. Oh, I mean, it's one thing to be ugly. A lot of us are in that category, but she's, what a nag, you know? Remember the scene in the movie where she's like, oh, that I do. Desperate. Who's the other actress that just drives me up the wall? I saw her. Oh, it's coming. It's coming. It's coming. I'll tell you in a minute. They'll be moving. No. I don't come back to me in a second. Greenlee fired a ho after seeing the chaos of Hurricane Katrina. A city councilman in this tiny Idaho town founded by pacifist Quakers came up with a novel idea. The Quakers. Arthur liked the ageniaists. Ordnance to await past by the city council this week, ask Greenlee's 862 residents who do not object on religious or other grounds to keep a gut at home in case they're overrun by refugees from disasters like a shaming. This is not an all-never happen here kind of things that's Stephen Jet. What if he's going to Joan Jet? The ordinance is sponsor. We could get refugees. Oh, yeah. I'm sure that all the people from Katrina, the first thing they thought of, oh, we got to get out of here. We got to get up to a Greenlee. And go see Diffy Greenlee. And she was from the lojas. He was from the shipping magnet the Greenlee. And she was from the textile on the loge. Remember that? When he was at the end, they were in the airport in Rome and he was standing in a wrong line. That's pretty good movie. Even though it's kind of gay. Now did Josh see that one? Telled it, Mr. Ripley? No. Well, why not? You didn't bring that in for him? You're not going to watch it again. I'll bring it. I think he might have a little bit of a problem. It's got very heavy. Gay. But it's really good. And people you like are in there. Did you draw? He's okay, right? Oh yeah, I like him a lot. And Freddie, who'd help play Freddie? What's his name? See more hop? See more. How about you, pardon? Fill of see more hopman. Did he drop the fill up down? Is that Ryan Fill up? No, I dropped it. Oh. In this town about 35 miles west of Boise, you need your ore gone line. Boy, I've never been up there in the Great North West and you know what? I've never been going to go. Am I going to Vancouver someday though? That's right. What you're looking for right there? What do you mean by that? Got lots of mountains and not very many people. Oh. What I'm looking for? You think I'm just some kind of a pervert? Yes, I am. In this town about 35 miles, I got a surprise for you. You would have thought that what I was looking for in Omaha wasn't there either. Oh, wow. Well, there are people there. No, look what I thought. Oh, we man, that Midwestern thing. Those good corn fed Midwesterners. Anyway, can I get back to this without that perversion stuff here or again? See that? He's the bad influence. He's the one that forced me to put those pictures up on a website. He held a gun to Josh and said and put them up there and he was going to get the other day. In this town about 35 miles west of Boise, New York, on line where it estimated 80% of the adults are already on guns. The proposal hardly caused a stir. It went through weeks in public hearings and drooling mild criticism from the pasture of the town's Quaker meeting house. But in the six weeks since Jefferson introduced the ordinance, the national meeting have flocked to the story. They're flocking to it. Jay Leno, with Green Leaf and his monologue, Comedy Central's Daily Show telephone, no doubt to exploit out of his reputations a wild woodland where mountain men shop for groceries with a rifle slung over a camouflage jacket. Well you know what it means if you show a guy shop and for groceries. Jay, toeth who's father died in the hunting accident, said the ordinance is designed to enable residents to protect themselves, but also gives the city a better platform for which some road guns safety. The fact that Green Leaf supports the second amendment will be able to keep the crime rate down. He said, the thing is Green Leaf doesn't really have crime, at least his most cities defined it. The most violent offense reported the past two years was a fist fight. Good old fashioned fist fight, baby. Still jet and system-enusive high crime may be on the horizon. Green Leaf is on the west in fringe of Cayman County, a fast growing suburb of Boise, as developers turn out foul for rows into track housing and hay bales into big stores. Jet wants newcomers to know their criminals will not be comfortable in Green Leaf. You're not welcome here. Oh look at that, the bulb just brought out this thing. I bet it's not the better stop read. That amazing. Oh gee, that's hotter and hell. Woo, we man, the bulb. I got a lamp here that sits off to my left and I just reached stuff there like, sometimes if you tap it, you know what I'm saying? What the? Sometimes you tap the bulb and it comes back to life again. You ever do that? Sometimes you think it died and then you tap it and it comes back to life again and the bulb too. Maybe it's loose. It's not loose. If the twist is done, it's had it. I'm going to get a new one and stick it in there and bring it just realized. I got everything under control man. I got everything all under control. I got my office of plies. I got my like Robbie Benson said in one on one school supplies. What I, you know, I shouldn't say that. Me if I heard of tacking stuff. And I did like him once upon a time. But nevertheless. And he's Jewish. But other than that. This guy was Jewish James Franco. How do you like that? Not only is he Franco American, but he's Franco Yiddish. Speaking of Jewish food, don't forget it's lobster fest. It's to be fried it through Sunday at the Emerald Coast. The best Chinese buffet in all of South Florida borders. A lot of emulators out there, but nobody liked the Emerald Coast. Three locations for either in sunrise, Pemberpines and Sunniiles. And at the Emerald Coast you'll find over 100 different items featured on their fantastic amazing buffet. You talk about picking out fits the specialty there. Six gourmet soups. New York steak juicy and delicious grilled order just the way you love it. Handcar Prime rib, sushi, traditional Asian dishes, ziggins and they've got a salad bar and even a... See you. Bar. Or you're a little slow today. Must be the ice cream. And don't forget to speak out of that to dessert bar. The Emerald Coast is spectacular. We can't feature the 40 inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain. You can hand if strawberries, all your fruits, marshmallows, cheesecake and other decadent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. Just shove them in there. Perfect way to end a really big and enjoyable feast. At the Emerald Coast, and don't forget no crap, no MSG, no cornstarch, no garbage. They are the most healthy, the best ingredients including cholesterol, free canola oil. And right now when you go into the Emerald Coast as a party, you'll ask for the Neil Deal, which will save you $5.60 for your turtle check with four paying adults. The Neil Deal. Emerald Coast open for lunch in the Emerald A call for reservations 9.5.4. 5.7.238.22. 9.5.4. 5.7.238.22. Don't forget every day at the Emerald Coast is a Neil Deal. They in every Friday through Sunday it's lobster fest. Finally at the Emerald Coast, Chinese buffet. The biggest name of best talent for this is Neil Rogers, for Shredio 560, Hugh A.N. It's back to our Friday, you best. Tonight, the concert that's going to rock the foundation of America and blow the roof off. If you can always see one show this year, see the show that's splashed in your face, the rage, the pain, the power. Of the diva, barrisque sand. The sea, the sea, the sea. You won the best, you got the best. One night of balls to the wall, fire, breathing, bone crushing sound, ripping through your head like a shotgun blast. It can only be one woman, bar bra. You don't bring me. Don't miss the concert that Merleamethon calls a f***ing nightmare of sight and sound. Bar bra. Shredio 7. No bottles, cans of coolish please. Small children, not be limited. Come forty seven, I bet the man dog may have to take a he sure off today. Have somebody maybe critiscumming it for Lynn. Former Michigan football coach for about a hundred years, Bo Shembeckler died after collapsing during a filming of a show before the big Ohio State Michigan showdown. According to Detroit TV stations, it'll be more and that. It just came in like seconds ago. Aren't you like your crest falling? It's a sports thing, man. Bo Shembeckler. Who did? What are how many years he coached? He was there a long time. I don't know if he was a man dog's coach at Michigan. I think what happened is he saw the naked pictures of a Tom Brady. Maybe saw the pictures of Brady Quinn on a website and got a subset of Tom Brady. I got those for from the Chin down Tom Brady ain't much. I just mentioned that. I don't know about from the waist down, but from the Chin down. He ain't much. I mean, you know, he's a great player. Right, Josh? Yes, he is. He's a good player. Great. Some weeks great. Not this past week. He missed the bus along with the rest of the team. That's okay. I mean, I think it's a great week. Otherwise, what's the point, you know? There's no drama. Wait till you hear this. You're going to puke you. Now, let me ask you this. What's your take on Adenza Washington? He's, you know, he's been okay in some movies. Not all of them. It's an epic telling of the life of Jesus in ambitious production featuring an all star cast. But it's not a movie or mini series. It's been at or near the number one spot among the bestselling books listed on Wal-Mart's websites since its early fall release. The retail chain family Christian stores says it's the fastest selling audio Bible that has ever stopped the 21 hour production, which is listed for 49.99. I'm sure half of that goes to the Lord features the voice talent some more than 250 singers, clergy and actors including Denzel Washington, Cuba Gooding Jr. Angela bad goody goody. Remember goody goody by Frankie Laman and teenagers. He's still dead by the way. Angela Bassin and Alfa Alfaia Woodward. I don't know who that is. Alfaie? Alfaie? Some chick. Is he really the wind free? Oprah Winfrey? Alfaie? Blera Underwood played it portrays Jesus and Samuel Jackson who played a script you're spouting hitman and Paul fiction is the voice of God. How do you like that? Samuel Jackson's God, my hands. It's really good and it's transcendent every barrier we're thrilled with the way the product is turned out said Paul came in and he. Vice President and publisher of Bibles for his under van, a grand reference based of his newscorp owned Harper Collins. Bibles for his under van. The under van started shipping Bible experience in late September and so more than said by the way, I got a new bulb and here I just stuck in a man I can read things and actually see what I'm reading. Now great. Yeah it is. I never really thought about this. Even all the years have been alive. There's some things that you never really think about. When a light bulb goes out, I'm asking you because you're such a genius. At least so you tell us. When a light bulb goes out, when the filament just melted and it dies, has the bulb been getting dimmer as it gets older and you know what I'm saying? What's funny should ask that because a lot of times the bulb will burn brighter before it dies. Really? That's my science teacher that. They said that because the filament is suspended in a non-oxygen. What's inside the bulb is not oxygen so that the filament doesn't burn out. When the bulb gets a crack in it, then the oxygen seeps in. So then the filament starts to burn and therefore it burns brighter and then it burns up and then it goes out. And that's a lot of times what happens. That's an answer to my question. So it's very interesting. I mean moderately not tremendously. But what I'm saying is the bulb is getting older. It's been for like a long, long time. Which I don't think I ever replaced that. So that's been there for like five years, you know? That might have been a dim bulb to be good with. It was dim. Sandra and started speaking of things that are dim, Bible experience in late September is so more than 70,000 units of communities. And one of his kind of Ken Kamenadi who croaked, who used to play for the Astros. Did he croaked, Josh? Yes, he did. He had bad roads. By the way, I can keep coached a Michigan from 69 to 89, Shembaqar. Well, he was a mad dog's coach. Because mad dog was on the 72 dolphins who would think that he was playing for me She began around 70 years, wouldn't ya? You would think? Yeah, I'm sure he was pretty tired with coach Bow. And he's going to be there. There's something right there from like spent a long time on. And of course this week we got the Big Go House State Michigan game. Kind of up for number one, right? Yes. I'll see who my rooting for in that game. I think Michigan's got another pretty good looking quarterback. By, what are you laughing about? I have no interest in either one of those schools. I hate him like poison both of them. I mean, if I can root for a note of the game because Brady Quinn is playing that I can root for Michigan, when Tom Brady went and pulled out that was it. The Rose Bull against somebody. UCLA, whoever it was, was that his last college game. Great. Great level. They split about his in-points. Brady was on fire, baby. He was harder than a firecracker. Anyway, by comparison, Zander Band would publishes the five best selling audio Bibles in the US. Sells about 60,000 units each year of its longtime top seller. The new international version audio Bible. So for those of you people that want to hear bubble mice, he's a bubble, a bubble in your ear. There you go. The audio Bible. Bubble mice. Bubble, bubble, bubble mice. 1334 votes we got. Not too shabby if he asked me. On a Friday, Friday is generally the weakest day of the week. I don't know why that is. It's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a week in the summer. Right. But they're starting their weekend early. And of course, now that we have thanks giving next Thursday and George will be on vacation all next week. Now what are we going to do? We're going to have Miguel in their next week and Josh sitting in that room. Okay. I mean, that's fine with me. I'm just nobody is sitting in a me about it. Not often. Well, yeah. I know I'm going to be here through Wednesday. You're going to be one. I'm going to be here through Wednesday. Well, he's going to be there because we don't have a show on Thursday. Don't tell me that I can be there Friday. That is correct, sir. What? I'm not going to be here Friday. Well, George ain't going to be there Friday. George is on vacation. Right. And you're not going to be there Friday. I'll be on. I won't be in there, but I'll be on. I'll be here. Don't get somebody. I'll be there. For four hours, I'll catch up all day. Oh, no. You've got to be kidding me. I mean, I like Miguel. He's, you know, good people, but nevertheless he is just boring. He's just got nothing to say about anything. Plus he hates, he hates the show I do now. He was not crazy about it before. I've been with me with the car. Yeah. Let's keep going. I've been with me with the car. I've been with the car. I've been with me with the car. I've been with the car. I've been with the car. I've been with the car. I've been with the car. I've been with the car. It's going to be here now Friday, next for not not today. All of it. We should have started today. You know, it's really interesting to me. Nobody has said anything to me or I'm sure to you either about what the hell to deal is, right? Am I right about that? Right. We're like steps over at this station. Okay. Okay, Joe. We're like steps over in your program director. Nothing we wanted to interfere. Maybe just how Bob a little bit will be good. Maybe like plan ahead for what that we're going to stick on the air here. Maybe I'll ask him to come in. Who's that. Clarence. Yeah, well, I won't be here then, or Joe Bell. Bill he could run the board. Joe can run the board. Terrence can do the show. That sounds like a real weiner to me. Sounds like a plan. A plan by the man. Good. Golly Miss Mollis. It's just amazing to me how shlocky we're getting. We don't want to be associated with you. You guys don't have a sports show. You don't talk enough about sports. Just because you got naked. Jocks on your website. We don't care about that. In fact, and you want to get some more response on it. QM website, Josh. Since you're working so feverish, they try to improve it. Put those ready-quint pictures on there. Because most of the people are watching sports websites are gay. You know, I'm telling you, get you. We have had, I don't know, can you, can it be anything else? It's not that the reading 80's in those bedtime stories. Oh, you know that's what it is. They're not. I'm looking at the stats right now. It's like, okay, it's not great. But it's, you know, mediocre. And it's not like they're listening online because we have the usual, you know, the usual assurment of people online about the same we always do. And spread of the fact that it sounds so much better because we got the increased bandwidth. And spread of her been caught. A coral springs bitching in morning. When you're going to be on serious, when you're going to go away, her, be bubbly, you're whining, you're annoying. The only change we had in all of a sudden, yes, they have to do. And today we've got so many more people on at neorodges.com. And that's because even the straight guys out there, they want to see what Freddy Quinn's got. You know, what he brings to the table. That's what they want. They want to take a look and see what's the big stimulus with Freddy Quinn, okay? And then they feel really bad about themselves. So like a half hour later, they go back and they look at it again. So you know, something looks even better now needed before. And you tell me there's a God. The same God created Ron Jeremy and created that. I'm going to get my toilet paper roll out. Attention man. Why does he start this pot salad for me, huh? That duff. Hey, duff. You're fairy. Anyway, if you have a hair loss problem or curly hair, hear a system, listen to this. And we're talking about hair on your head. And that's how the shaved masses out there. For more than 40 years, Charles Ophier has been designing hair systems for show business personalities. Politicians and most importantly, everyday guys even slippers like you. That's right. And you know, there's some people say they can spot a hair system. But I'm going to tell you right now. The ones that you can spot are the bad ones, the embarrassing humiliating and degrading ones. How many good hair systems go on? Don't even know what's not the real thing because they look so great natural. And Charles Ophieries, her systems are completely natural. Designed with just a write amount of hair in the proper recessions. Run your hands through it. Over here, Brady. Let me run your hands through it. See? God punishing me again. See that? Hey, looks at the fields just like you're on here. And here's the deal that Charlie's got going for you now for just 99 bucks. The customer design here is just for you. Try for a couple of weeks and if you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells. It yours for just an additional $500 to keep. And they're so confident that if you're not completely happy, or return that hair and get your $99 back. So you've got absolutely nothing to lose but that bald spot. And offer you can't refuse unless you're nuts. Charles Ophieries in Fort Lauderdale, Cofery and Employment No obligation. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. You absolutely won't believe this how much better and younger you are going to look. The biggest name. So best tell us that this is real Rogers. Forged radio 560. Rock salt. We got this guy now. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women with paint and lips around the pole. I listen to the real Rogers one or the two out. I mean, I listen to any of the Rogers' air and balance for one to two hours. Boca, boca, boca, boca, boca. It's been real quiet to shit that you're rating since I was a kid. Oh. Well, I don't want to show you what a fake ass and I was to you. And how? Rectom. Yeah, does you get fights on my feet? You're not the film, my pecky pants? It ain't easy. You're not the film. Right now, James, I love to be coming back. I'm tired of considering a little greater than a counter-ed. If you want to know what I'll say if I'm shutting that transmitted of an illusion. Why? That's easy. The show. Oh, she beat me in slow. Oh, I thought that I might want her. Oh, she beat me in slow. Oh, she beat me in slow. Oh, she beat me in slow. Oh, she beat me in slow. Oh, she beat me in slow. I think you're all pretty close only that you're the guy. I'm saying that my ratings have bottomed down in the tank. Yeah. When radio has a revombies, no one's the same guy as the one who was. And we did it. Show! Move, keep that in your watch. O號 you beat me in slow. And if you can Trust, we'll meet inでも. Oh, no, I know you were a move, but I'm just joking. You're putting a machine up. We'll Надоate the pitch. Shut the field, give me the! Look at it! Clean! Are you good at that? No! I'm 16 to WKOM. I turned on that Panther game last night on the package and it was guilty. You do it on TV and I turned it off real quick. I thought, oh that voice, that voice, you know. It was like fingernail scratching on my ass coming right through my expensive TV set. I shut her right off. 13151 votes on the full. So here's the very sketchy of DTO. We will see here the details very sketchy. Borchem, back to the winningest coach in Michigan football. History died. Her collapsing during a taping of a TV show. According to three Detroit TV stations, he was 77. The faculty died during a taping of the show, which means they probably haven't dying on tape. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. And knowing what a bunch of grade robbers they media people are, they're probably going to be showing that. And probably be on you. SHOOP! Here, watch the coach quote. You know, like that. Vaead. Chembec of his death was reported by WXYZ. WDIV and WGBK, which didn't site sources. He died a day before the second rank will for the series scheduled or would mean number one Ohio State in the layes in the summer of the century old rivalry. And here's the picture of old boat on the Kadeo, where 177 could pass for 100 easy. Now one of my favorite people, but then again of course I went to Michigan State for about five minutes, and he was the, of course our coach, Duffy Dordy, to yards in a cloud of dust. Not my favorite coaches. And that course there was always Woody Hayes, a relay hole. What is it about these college coaches, Giants, at most of them are such a holes? Like Joe Pa, you know, Bobby Bowden, you're just talking about the geysers or well the guys who have been the Empire builders who were around for a long long time, most of our A-holes. Maybe because they take themselves so seriously, you know? It's like other sports type people who are taking for all very seriously, as opposed to having like any sense of humor about it. 13, 157 votes on a pool are golders to get to 14 to the end. Our Friday that would be a real feather in your crap, and speaking of crap, man, George is going to be he's going to be a busy beaver the rest of the day, I'll say to that. Josh already got the jump on me. Did he? You're just lucky you weren't talking to him, uh, what was it like a half hour ago? What did I tell you? I knew it. The mad rush to flush. But at least it's something we don't do all the time, you know. I remember those those eight or eight days and the INZ days. I remember how about the IOD days? Good. We have food coming at that place or what? Yeah. That was insane. Now I'm trying to think of the a passion that how long did that go on a year? No, it did not. Get out of here. Year my ass. We were at past. We started. We started in November. We were not at the passion for year. We lie left there in May. My contract was for a year. And then they paid me off and made to go the hell away, which was sweet. Don't you remember that? Okay. We weren't there for a year. May seem like a year. That was a year. Yeah. It felt like a finger. It felt like a lifetime. But anyway, what was that saying about being there? Oh, the food. Now wasn't that the place where the, uh, of course the engineer was a real, real, a whole or what that was his name? Oh, I know what it was. The engineer's name was Roy. Right? Right? And he was a jerk. He made us, uh, get rid of all those carts. Right? Oh, we don't do carts at Paxon. We don't do it. Yeah. Oh, I will say this for him. You know, whatever we needed. Remember we needed the DCS. Mm-hmm. Whatever piece of equipment we needed no matter how much it was. Go out and get it. Or you know, because he had the big bucks. You know, loaded with his swimming and money. A man with no talent whatsoever who just talk about mausole man. There were buddy Bud Paxon. So he didn't, uh, you know, spare any expense. And of course he built us those beautiful studios. You remember that? Oh, yeah. Polatio. You could eat off the floor. But speaking bad, didn't they not allow us to have food in there? And now we had food. We would never work on it. Well, sure we didn't have food in exactly. Everyone makes an attempt. Yeah. You're from getting no food. A lot of the studio. And then of course, we do whatever it will be. We want no smoking a lot of the studio. And then I used to light up them Stoys all the time before I gave them up because I didn't want to kill myself. Remember that crap? Mm-hmm. Oh, Neil smoke at a big fat stop. Stoys in there and Georgia smoke at a big fat one, too, but not a cigar. You know, well, two freaking bad. Okay. My new home business is nothing worse than working for a militant A holes who don't know their answer. And addition to which when you're what they got, you know, someone you're the franchise, right? When you're what they got, they had to be, they should pick you up in a limo every day. Both of you guys. Pick you up in limo. They should pick my ass up in limo and bring me from my bedroom into this studio every day. What's nice? And I said, go to show it. I should probably get in the cabin too. I won't do it. I'm not going to go out there again today and risk my luck. Uh, when you go too often and you press you lock that's when you lose your ass. But it must be a lucky Friday when you think that the delivery guy came knocking on the door when right the big thing of a break and have like a rush like, oh, gee, I think the breaks in and they're like, you know, he didn't have any idea what's going on. Plus, I had to put my shorts on him. I sure I'm not going to go naked to the door for some delivery guy, especially when it looks like that. You should get like a camera or something. A camera for what? See what the delivery guy looks like? Sure. Before you make up your mind. Details on house races in which the outcome remains on the side of the candidate may see can be counted as of right now. It's just amazing. Here it is. One was the election. We could go Tuesday or two weeks ago. Fourteenth week ago. New Mexico first district Republican representative Heath Wilson had the Wilson led Democrat Patricia Madrid by fewer than 50 hundred votes on more than 200,000 cash official disqualified six out of eight hundred and forty five ballots Wednesday leaving about twenty five hundred and to be counted. North Carolina eighth district represented Robin Hayes a Republican led Democrat Larry Kissel by by four hundred and fifty votes about 1500 professional ballots remain to be counted. Five more results expected maybe today. Maybe in Hunoz they're making a month. Ohio's second district representative Dean Schmidt. A Republican who called decorated Vietnam veteran representative John Murphy, a coward, was a head of Democrat Victoria Wilson by about twenty eight hundred votes. Workers have begun counting for visual and absentee ballots next week. They're going to start counting him next week. And how is 15 district representative Deborah Price, the member of the House of Public and Leadership, the AIDS Democratic Mary Joe Killroy by about 3536 3500. Thousands of professional ballots have become to be getting on Sunday. A day later the normal indefference to the Ohio State Michigan football game tomorrow. I know we talked about that before and I mean I don't understand what's coming to the votes got to do with some stupid as football game. No wonder Bo Schemberg for a die. Now can't you see the emotional lift that that's going to give Michigan now to give him tomorrow Josh. Don't you think so? That's right. They're playing for the old coach. They're playing for bold, maybe. They're going to lift them up and kick some serious ass or maybe not. Wyoming first sister from Republican representative Barbara Cuban was certified Wednesday as the winner over Democrat Gary Trauner by a thousand and 12 votes Trauner held out the possibility of seeking a recount. Here's the one that just frost my ass. Representative William Jefferson, Democrat Louisiana, the guy that had the cold cashino, the subject of the FBI, Breibern, Investigate the guy had 90 grand cash in his freezer. It's facing fellow Democrat Karen Carter and he December 9th run off. And representative Henry Bonilla, Republican Texas, face Democratic representative former Ciro Rodriguez, who name his ins and Z and he had unscheduled run off to have an Oster in December 12th. And in Florida, a first week count was completed Tuesday in the contest for the Ciro, I'm just Katherine Harris. The Associated Press the Third of Winner in that race Republican firm, you can't release Democrat Christie Jennings by about 400 votes or less than 200 to 1%. 0.02%. Counting a 0.02, we know programs are got numbers like that. Don't we? I'm sorry, I was listening to something else. What is this? What kind of a faggy thing is it? It's from Tracy. Isn't it? Yes. Oh, so what's from C. Queen? She's not a fag. She says forget, bring it. If you haven't seen the Swiss world a world cup commercial, check it out. I get the lovely boy moving the hair around. And then she's got a website. I may have to check that out to a clock. I haven't seen the ice dorm. That's a groiny weaver is brilliant in the ice to my lovesick rooney weaver. And that's not a bad movie. Really? You might like it more than me. It's, you know, one of those dramas. What didn't you like about it? What didn't I like about it? Yeah, the pace. It's kind of a mirrored drama. A little bit of a listen to watch the tragedy. It's very gay. But I think it's now you would agree with me. It's a pretty, I don't know. Doesn't move slowly, I wouldn't say. No, Mr. Ripley doesn't. No, no, it's good. I don't know. I mean, I've seen it about four times. And it's okay. 30, 66 math dayman shows way too much tooth in it. But he always shows too much tooth. There's a little toothy kind of a guy. In fact, you noticed the scene there. You know, Mr. Ripley didn't that movie of fatal attraction. Remember when Glenn close had the razor. And she had the bathroom bond. And she was cutting herself on the leg. Kind of like subconsciously like because she was crazy in a bed. And in the Mr. Ripley, math dayman does the same thing with the razor blade. He had the blade in his pocket and then the blood is like spurting. And she's like, ah, it's bad. Like that. You know, maybe just in looking at him at Tom Ripley. Believe it or not. That's a good movie. I like it. I love the scene where the guy who was in Magnolia, the TV anchor guy that could the quishow guy. He's a great actor. I have no idea what his name is though. Here's good. We keep forgetting. He plays the family attorney there, the investigator that they hire, they're the green leaves to her. And he has that scene with Mad Damon on the balcony. And you think he's going to like a two amount and, you know, the whole deal. Because, well, I'm not going to run the movie. And it come to find out that he heard it all that money. The Mr. Ripley leaves took a great lucky and go, talk about it. I'd rather be lucky than good, right? That's the line from Mad's point by the way, if you haven't seen it, I'd rather be lucky than good. And he turns out to be pretty lucky. I would say in more and more respects than one. And more respects than one. Okay. When you come right down to it, he hit the jackpot. Because I will say this much. And it rarely happens in those movies. She was a lot prettier than he was. Okay. Yeah. She's pretty, just about anything. Even Brady Quinn. Well, now we've got a battle on our hands. No, we don't because we don't have to fight. That's right. I'll tell you. You can hit him. Everybody's happy. Scarlett. The biggest name, so best talent to the business. We are Rogers. For 20-560, you're fair. Why, you bastard? If I was there, my tongue down the floor would be bleeding on the front page. There's no girls, don't satisfy. I just like to try your wall. You'll bring your lips and wine, eat a chitchitch, a chitchite, a daze. Down over knees, begging your pleas. I know you're a whole man. I just have no for that muscle stove. They even kick out my behind. I got you. Welcome. I know. It's only David Bowen, but I like him. I know. That's only David Bowen, but I like him. I like him. I only did before we were alike. I only did before we were alike. I only did before we were alike. I can't just say that this all boy has been a no-day. Yeah. I know. A Jared's got the show but she's not like him. Oh no. Oh no. I know. We're totally like to blow when alike. Oh no. I know. We were dancing in the sheets and never like that. When I did it five, six, he definitely threw it away. Anyway, crazy, you're slipping sweetheart. Crazy must be having an off week. We all have those moments. I went to that lengthy website that she suggested, you know, how many got 400 letters on it? No, I didn't, but I'll look at it. No, you don't waste your time. Okay. And I got to do this for her. Tracy, I wouldn't touch him with your finger. He couldn't lick Brady Quinn's cheek. Any of the four of them. But anyway, whatever you like. I'm glad you're happy, Tracy. 13 every in 76 votes. You just pour it off that you like to go through all the effort to go to a lengthy URL like that and type in 4,000 letters and then thinking something really great to them. And it like that. Good. Golly Miss Molly. And anyway, in a letter addressed to attorney general Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez soon to be chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee Patrick Lehi, and then we'd that well. Soon to be chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Patrick Lehi has requested the release of documents that outlined the Bush administration's interrogation policies. They aren't wasting any time. What is the big wedding countdown in Italy? It's a fine demand. In a Tomcat, we don't care. Hey, don't you guys believe it. Now look at them. No, we don't. Hey, Tommy. You're fairy. The documents which have long been thought to exist by observers and critics of America's National Security policies were confirmed to exist as the result of a still pending FEMA Information Act lawsuit by the ACLU. One of these documents is believed to be a companion piece to the now infamous August 2002 memorandum which redefined torture and as a result brought in the range of interrogation tactics permitted in the field. The companion document, the so-called U2 document named after legal counsel John U, is believed to contain a list of actual techniques that have been approved by the Department of Justice and which therefore are legally protected interrogation methods used by intelligence operatives against suspected terrorists. Press release issued today content that Leahy had previously requested all documents related to the treatment of attendees from the Department of Justice, the FBI, the CIA, and the Department of Defense. These requests have turned up numerous controversial memos and reports detailing the handling of so-called enemy combatants by US soldiers and intelligence officials, but now uncovered documents were never included. According to the ACLU, the documents specified interrogation methods that the CIA may use against top-alcite members. Last November, a news report surfaced detailing six so-called enhanced interrogation techniques, what remains unclear what the documents requested by Leahy might reveal is what among these documents which are legal in the eyes of the Justice Department. You don't like the waterboarding and stuff like that. And poking their eyes up and yanking their fingernails off. Things like that, you know, just minor little encouragement to answer the freaking question stuff like that. Got it? Got it? Good. What? 13 81. Oh, look at that. We got the whole rest of the hour for crying out loud. It's only 20 after one. My god. Not that it's a Friday or anything like that. Not that we've had a little bit, although it is nice having that nice new light bulb there. Not good. I'm glad I got a read reader. I'm trying to read here without stumbling and fumbling and bunkers. And especially when you send me those facts, it's where they store is like a lot of little teeny tiny print in the faded. There was my favorite. 13 81, a report Murdoch is one, even though that pulled me up there all week and long. I don't want to feel like we ought to change it because it's a non-composementious so weeness. You know what I mean? I'm going to leave it. Why don't we want to do that? And by the way, Sean, thanks for the pulls but for I sure up in the future you do better than this. You see the three pulls he's got on here? Actually I did not. Don't, don't, don't. You'll be depressed. And then Steve sent us in a pull idea too, which group of people scare you the most just by the way they look. And he says hip hop gangsters, how silly do you say? I love the way he's felt it. I'm as people priests black women with short blonde hair. So won't get any votes but they scare the crap out of me is what Steve said. What do you think about that pull? I think that's a good idea. We can add some things, change them things. Yeah, I think he's got to go. I give you some ideas to it. Okay, maybe I'm not going to, it's for Monday anyway. We're not going to do that. Oh yeah, like I said, give me some ideas. Like I don't know, when I see blind people driving. Okay, scares the hell out of me. Like I said, I'll leave it in my capable hands. 23 past one again. Thanks to our friends in Jackson's Ice Cream Parlor and Danny Beach. Don't forget to have a big 50th anniversary, uh, back to tomorrow night. And George and Josh are sullening, man. Josh is already a quick run. Mm-hmm. Now is that run as in singular or runs as in, well anyway. No, I was singular. Good. Well, when I said runs, I wasn't talking about plural. I was talking about as in and now. But perhaps it wasn't the best day for former Senator George McGovern to bring his case for pulling US troops out of a rack of Democrats on Capitol Hill with Democrats starting a contentious caucus to elect new leaders for the return of majority status in January. Less than a dozen members of the progressive caucus met with McGovern and professor William R. Polk of the University of Chicago who have written out of a rack a practical plan for withdrawal now. I'll bet you two thirds of the American people think that this is a, this war was a mistake. Just like 95% of Americans think Vietnam was a mistake McGovern said, invoking his own history as the Democrats anti-work candidate who failed miserably in his 1972 bid once he president Nixon. Now my memory may be bad, but it seems to me that McGovern won massive chooses and I think he won two states in 1972. Not good. We calling Nixon's famous speech about the silent majority who we said supported the war in Vietnam as opposed to the vocal anti-war demonstrators who marched in the country cities and oncologist campuses ABC checked to former South Dakota senators numbers. McGovern was close in summing up the disdain for a rack, but a little further off the mark about Vietnam. In November fifth Gallup poll 55% Colby rack warmest take, similarly 57% in the ABC post poll October 22 said the war was not worth fighting. Gallup flashed asked about Vietnam being a mistake in 2000 and at that time 69% of the public said it was a mistake during the war, the number calling it mistake picked at 60 in 1971 60% and 73 since then it picked at 74% 1990. That's not. See, what does that tell you about the American public? 58,000 American troops came home and body bags millions of innocent Vietnamese people died and there was no reason for us to be there in the first place and it peaked at 74% 1990. This election on November 7 told us that the Democrats in this country are waiting that the people in this country are waiting for Jim Baker to tell the Democrats where we should go in Iraq said representative Lynn Wolsey of California, who tears the progressive caucus, referring to the former Secretary of State who is one of the leaders of the Iraq study group Jim Baker who said after Jews they know for for us anyway. The people of America spoke on November 7, the wolves he said that they know how we're supposed to leave Iraq, no, that they want us to leave yes. The government told reporters yesterday, as in spoken formally with the study group, the independent bipartisan commission led by Baker and former Democratic Congressman Lee Hamilton, but said he has spoken with individual members and the parties in the poetry about a beat, but a boot, but a bop, an yadayada. It's one of those things, man. It's like a bad marriage. It wasn't that hard to get in, but boy, your cheer was the best trying to get out. Yeah. I'm not, no, I didn't have anybody specific in mind. That's necessarily although. Oh, I know who I was thinking of before Margo Kitter, Boy, she bugs the crow. Oh, what do you mean? Yeah, she is annoying. I can't think of what movie I just seen her in the other one. She part of all those Superman movies which would have been adequate. Yeah. Otherwise extraordinarily annoying. Margo freaking, are you kidding me? Right. Yes. Why does? Oh, baby, helping you? Hey? What do you think of having a fruits granted, we were having a similar camera står. We have a lot of many flavors. Hey, there's none these at alloy Oh, okay, I tell you everything. You might be making me proud for the inside of you. Hey, you guys just threw it with a women in the bag. You can throw the big guns and you may be so bad. And you can never grow free action. But I'm gonna open window or drink out of you. We'll be like our proof man. Hey, you start making fun of me. Right, hey. I'm gonna fight you with my face clean. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Yeah, if you don't excuse me now, I'll bring you to the right. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. Right, hey. One thirty two and five, six and a one. You can frame Chesca. Huh, that sends a fax and says. If you want to see Jonathan Reesmire's looking very pretty and making out with other guys, read the movie, Velvet Goldmine sounds very gay to me. It's a movie from 1998 about a glam rock star and his ambiguous sexuality. Very hot, says Francesca. I look at up on IMDB, they give it six point five. But it's a camping movie. You know, it would never get a high rating if it's a camping movie. Like that. That. That movie movie. Or like a gay. Oh, sure one. Yeah, you're right. You can me. You're, you're the one. So he's told me about those. Right. That's the reason. Right. I was just wonderful. And it was just so. Yeah. And usually those are movies that suck. So to speak. Right. 13 every 96 votes. We got 14 every looked. Again, so to speak. 13 97. Oh, here's this big sentence about the Tom Cat wedding over there. But this appeared on this. This appear forever. Okay, please. Just both of you go off in the, uh, eithric somewhere and disappear forever. It was all a big favor. Local priest as the Catholic Church will not be involved. It's going to be a Scientology of wedding. Yeah, that is. Wouldn't you think? What is the priest? Well, priest, who according to Catholic Church tradition needs to authorize all marriages in his parish. Okay, really doesn't recognize Scientology is a very religion. Another reason I love Italy so much. Norman Solomon, the new media offensive for the Iraq war. He's good. This is uncommon dreams that are out of the regard of time to read this. It's too long. I'm going to do it anyway. He says the American media establishment has launched a major offensive against the option with drawing U.S. troops from Iraq in the latest media assault, right wing off hits like Fox News in the Wall Street Journal of the Turl page, our secondary. The heaviest firepower is now coming from most radical squirrenges of media real estate in the USA, the front page of the New York Times. The present situation is grimly instructive for anyone who might wonder how they Vietnam or could continue for years while opinionful show that most Americans were against it. Now, in the wake of intermolections widely seen as a rebuked to the Iraq war, powerful media institutions are favorously spinning against a pull out of U.S. troops. Under the headline, get out of Iraq now. Question mark not so fast, experts say. The November 15th, front page of New York Times, primarily featured a military analysis by Michael Gordon. The piece reported that while some congressional Democrats are saying, withdrawal U.S. troops had begin within four to six months, this argument is being challenged by a number of military officers, experts and former generals, including some of them among the most vehement critics of the Bush administration's Iraq policies. Reporter Gordon appeared hours later on Anderson Cooper, a CNN show, fully morphing into an unbiased pundit, as he declared that withdrawal was simply not realistic. Sounding much like a Pentagon spokesman Gordon went on to state an oon certain terms that he opposes a pull out. If a New York Times military affairs reported one on the TV, the Wabbaked for withdrawal of U.S. troops as adequately as Gordon advocated against any such withdrawal during his appearance in November 15 on CNN, he or she would be quickly reprimanded and probably would have been taken off the beat by the Times hierarchy. But the paper's news department eagerly fusses reporting that internalizes and promotes the basic worldviews of the country's national security state. That's how in line the Times front paid to so hospital to the work of Judith Miller during lead up to the invasion of Iraq. That's how in why the Times is now so hospitable to the work of Michael Gordon. At this point, categories like vehement critics of the Bush administration's Iraq policies are virtually meaningless. The bulk of the media's favorite vehement critics are post-to-reduction of U.S. involvement in the Iraq carnage, and some of them are now openly urging an increase in U.S. troop levels for the occupation. These days, media coverage of U.S. policy and Iraq often seems to be a little more than a remake of how mainstream news outlets portrayed Washington's options during the war in Vietnam. Routine difference to inside the belt-white conventional wisdom has turned many prominent journalists into co-producers of a groundhog-based sequel that insists the U.S. war effort must go on. During the years since the fall of Sodom, countless news stories and commentaries have compared the ongoing disaster and Iraq to the Vietnam War, but those comparisons have really illuminated the most troubling parallels between the U.S. media coverage of both wars. Whether in 1986 or 68 or 2006, most of the Washington press corps has been at pain to portray with the role of U.S. troops as impractical and unrealistic. Contrary to myths about media coverage of the Vietnam War, the American press lagged way behind grassroots anti-war sentiment in seriously contemplating U.S. pullout from Vietnam. The lagtime amounted to several years and meant the additional deaths of tens of thousands of Americans and perhaps a million more more of Vietnamese people. A survey by the Boston Globe conducted in February of 68 found that out of 39 major daily newspapers in the U.S. and out of single one had added to realize what would the American troops from Vietnam. Today, despite the anti-war till the National opinion polls in the recent election, advocacy of U.S. pullout from Raxeam's almost as scarce among modern-day media elites. The standard media evasions about to kicking the bloody can down the road. Careful statements about bench marks and getting tougher to bag that government as within the Saigon government are markers for a national media disclosure that dodges instead of in life is debate. Many journalists are retreading the notion that the pullout option is not a real option at all. And the Democrats will soon be running Congress where told wouldn't and shouldn't there go that far if they knew what's good for them. Implicit in such media coverage is the idea that the real legitimacy for U.S. poor policy making rest with the president not the Congress. When I ponder that assumption, I think about 42-year-old footage of the CBS program face the nation. The show's host on that 64-tellacast was the Y-be-us-team journalist Peter Lissagor, who told his guest, Senator the Constitution gives the president the U.S. the sole responsibility for the Democratic-Foreign Policy. You couldn't be more wrong, Senator Wayne Morse broke in with his San-Papy Revoice. You could make a more unsound legal statement than the one you've just made. This is the promulgation of an old fallacy that foreign policy belongs to the president and that's nonsense. Lissagor was almost taught as he asked to whom does he belong in Senator? Morse didn't miss a beat. It belongs to the American people he shot back and I'm pleading that the American people be given the facts about foreign policy. The journalist persisted. You know Senator that the American people can't formulate an ex-ehood foreign policy. Morse's response was indignant. Why do you say that? I've complete faith in the ability American people to follow the facts if you'll give them to them. And my charge against my government is we're not giving the American people the facts. Morse, the Senate, seemed your Senator from Oregon, was passionate about the U.S. Constitution as well as International Law and while rejecting the widely held notion that foreign policy belongs to the president, he spoke and unflinching terms about the Vietnamese war. And a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on February 27, 68, Morse said they did not intend to put the blood of this war on his hands. And he was profoundly ahead and we're going to become guilty in my judgment of being the greatest threat to the peace of the world. It's an ugly reality and we Americans don't like to face up to it. He said almost 40 years ago and we're still doing the same crap. Norman Solomon, baby, he knows his crap. 1402, man. I was a bit of a really good year. I wonder if Norman Schwartz lived up to street from me in 1402. Talk about the era of history. I was a talk such cockabobble. Jesus did this and Mary Magdalene did that and they don't even know who shot cockabble and for crying out loud. And they didn't know from nothing. And all these religious sketchies, man, and you people author, you subsidize it. The people author who are subsidizing this crap, you're the evildoers. I'll say that right now. All the hate, the hostility, the murder, the bloodshed, the lunacy, 1408 on the full. Aren't you impressed? No. For science, how do you wedding 101? You know the aesthetics on the outside, the dress, the rings, and... And my right? Who cares? We don't care. We don't care about Tom Cat. We don't care about Scientology. We don't care about El Ron Hubbub. We don't care about any of this crap. I give more credit to the Jediist myself. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. If you're expecting guest this holiday season, then it's a great time to dial 1 800 mattress. Make sure they all got some place to lay their ass. Plus it's solemn mattresses 30th birthday. But third man. And a celebrate solemn mattress and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling. Simmons Beauty Respillotom. You can choose from South Florida's biggest solicits in his beauty rest and get same day delivery too. Call dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices and award-winning service with no nonsense. No BS. When you call dial a mattress which I've been doing for years, don't forget you get to pick the date and time for delivery. Any time when it's convenient for you. Seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. even the very same day. Just pick it to our window when you want them to show up like 11 to 1 1 to 3 2 to 4 etc. And they show up. They deliver. That's one of the many reasons why dial a mattress continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. And this satisfaction why everybody with a brain including our friends at QAM used telematrous. On the web you'll find them at mattress.com or better yet pick up your phone right now. It's the easiest, the smartest and the most inexpensive piece of shopping you can do. Call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRES. Leave off the last as because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savory. The biggest name. So best talent to the business. We are Rogers. For Shreddie of 560. Happy. Oh god. You were scary Most gay, you're afraid. Missed me that you stayed crooked Gayそうbering. I told you Loukey the thing is almost settled with that level Denn cancel messages on the social media. I know I do what I was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in tongues. That they'd be a believer. This was kind of fun. But just take it out of my mouth. Speak in tongues. They got people even. I told them we knew from side to side. They were laughing at me. They were laughing at me. They were laughing at me. They were laughing at me. I thought my tongue'd do the feet. But I thought, how would I do it? I'll give me four. I'll speak in tongues. That makes me a believer. And I'm having fun playing round with my mouth. Now I speak in tongues. What 45 to 5 is a 5. 16. 14. In 22 votes on the pool on a Friday no less. Well, now you're in tea. Everybody's looking at those pictures. That's what it is. I'm up in the rest of the boat. We've got Maddole coming up with two. He said, who doesn't pop it, though? And I hope somebody passed along the information. When you think? I'd like it. Well, the sports show is we got like 55 people that produce and get involved in my right. And I'm sure Ken's got it. Ken's on top of it being the old sports dog. But he is. And he is sports dog. Okay. How is old Ken maldune doing? He's just fine. Good. How you doing, Ken? I'm waiting for the story to print out. And I'm so damn excited. I got my case of thanks, Pete. Which means I'm going to be sending so many more stories to Josh and pretty so many more out. Take it easy. I was at the out of town. What do you really? Yeah. Not. No. So what does that mean? Don't send you any stories? Who's doing the story? I'm doing. I'm just, you know, then in other words, light enough a little bit. That's right. But where's the rest of the story for crying out loud? Oh no. Are you kidding me? What am I going to please? Oh no. I printed it down and printed it like the first page of it. And then it's said, I know if I knew how to do it right. I don't want to do it right. I'm so scared. So it's like my mother. That's right. Now, if you do this way, why do you always do it that way? Yeah, there's no stop right now. I'm like your mom, I'm right. See what I mean? Just like your expertise in naked guys. Uh huh. Oh, here we go. Here it is. I'll just read it one page as they come over. Be in hope that the rest of it shows up. Let's see. Did you want to? No. No. It doesn't matter for now. Maybe I'll read it off the monitor. How's that sound? Do it when they be safer? That's pretty far away. It's like inches away. Both Chamberlain who became one of the colors football's great coaches in two decades of Michigan died Friday after taping a TV show after taping the show on the eve of the Wolverines. Number one versus number two showed on with a pretty rival Ohio State. He was 77. Mike Dow, chief investigated with the Oakland County Medical Samutas office, confirmed Shambla Clarice death at 1142 AM. You only meet someone like that once in a lifetime, a mission executive associate, a athletic director, Mike Stephenson told the Ann Arbor news. In the history of the Michigan athletics nobody had a bigger impact. He was passionate bright and an unbelievable leader. He loved Michigan. Shambla Clarice became ill and collapsed while taping the show with a big ten ticket at W.S.Y.Z. in Southfield. He was taken by ambulance to an area hospital immediately but not immediately enough, I guess. The Detroit news report of the Chamberlain for just before taping the show visited the restroom and collapsed. Maybe at too much ice cream like Josh, I hope you don't collapse in the next time Josh. Shambla Clarice was hospitalized October 20th after becoming ill of the same location. Maybe he was like a larger than W.S.Y.Z. which I could understand that. Police were sent to the station around 9.25 AM along with the city's fire department in Esquared in ambulance to the Providence Hospital, Southfully spokesman John Sid Harris, whatever. See it's far away. And I mean what's the fun to read in the rest of the season? You know? Post Shambla Clarice did pass it along pass that we're along to our sports nerds. You got it? I'm sure they're on top of it. They're all over like Stink on Greg. When you think like Stink on Power 96. Like Stink on Ricka Tony when he came right down to it. 1432 votes. If we'd approached it we'd had a shot of 15 today but we don't want to end the week that way. Especially with George being out next week. Now what do we find out about next Friday? I don't want to start you know playing bush boss and asking like who the hell is going to be around. George ain't going to be there. Josh isn't going to be there since he's a couple. I don't want to go. What? Miguel will be here. Running the board. Okay. Or sitting in here and they'll get some other flunky friend there. Miguel's going to be sitting in there and Robert Grippers going to be running the board. Sure. No. Like I said Miguel's going to be doing the show and Robert's going to be his board-off. Right. Is the way I'm looking at it. Yeah. Is that what you're telling me? Four day weekend. Sounds really good to me. Boy I can lose a lot in that period of time. Can you imagine? I'll be on this Friday. I don't want to start playing hooky. It's not a good idea. Not a really good idea. Because then when you realize how easy it is to do it then you can do it any time you feel like it. I don't feel like showing up today. Pull a map. Pull it. Like when I went to college. You know, with so much easier to sleep in in the morning they can get up and go to class. 1433 votes. And I think I did the right thing. You know, what the hell I need some stupid as college degree for? What's the point? Is this the kind of business you can learn in college? Right. Of course not. I just think how much more money you'd be making if you'd gone to college. Yeah right. Right. Just think how much more money we'd all be making if the softwoods wouldn't have got a jail. If you wouldn't have had a larsan in this heart. Oh. Think about that. I'd rather than weep. You'll be weeping all week long. So be sure and I don't leave the ice cream there. Take it on because you'll need something to calm you down when you start thinking about that. The ice cream will do it. Something like that. Like in Fathlet when he started to dip in the bread in the pasta sauce. Remember that? Oh yeah. And we're all trying to do the death of their buddy there. You know the cousin. All of a sudden like he started feeling so much better. And then he put on the parmesan cheese on the bread with the apple. Oh, good idea there. I was looking notes. 1433 votes. Which ultra rich person you need to despise the most. Can't even read the damn pool. Rupert Murdoch is kicking the competition's ass. 420 he's got almost a third of the votes. I hate them all 206. All those people would have been money. They won't give any of it to you guys. And he threw a lie. Oprah, 181 Donald Trump, 180. Wayne Hizing, 168. He is sure fallen down the ladder. Man. I hate this pool. 87.6%. George Steinbrinner, 72.5%. Ted Turner, 42.9%. Bill Gates, 21.4%. I bet you voted for him. He voted for a total. The Donald and Warren Buffett's finally got six. He finally got one more. They don't even know who the Warren Buffett is. You know something who cares. Who the hell cares who Warren Buffett is? Who is that buffet? 153 Mr. Maddoch come up. Kind of cast a poll over his proceedings. It would seem to me that Bo Schemberg did. When you think it would cast a poll? It's about I'm very up. But I'm sure he's got some pretty good stories. Experts that different said Mercedes Benz and Pompano and don't forget at Mercedes Benz and Pompano. They're not going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. They're going to be a big deal. Benz. Pompano.com. Experienced at different said Mercedes Benz. Pompano. You'll find him at i95 and Copains Road. Call him full free. 1-800-New Benz. Any WBENZ. That's 1-800-New Benz. Former say these Benz. Pompano. A Mercedes Benz. They go like no other in history. The biggest name. So best talent. To the basis. We'll rock across the sports radio 560. You A M. It's been a blast. That's a hooting. I have 560. WQA. Oh my God. Back in the day when someone done us wrong. We didn't take their crap. No. Inferral Harbor. Or when the japs dropped their bombs. We found them bad. And now the Saudis. They hit us high. And on our cars are little flags. We have that Saudi love and retired voice of bombers. The wrong way. I'm going to wait. 1000 barrels to be in Americans. Where they find locals like cheese. The United States of Americans. And by warships and the green they got this country. Avalanche, the darkest days and I is the green. I don't want to be a packs of marron. In the US. USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives. They're not living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive. You're going to need more gas. It's like greatest country in the world. They train us too, willy. And anyone who says that obviously. And afford to be. And not embarrassed to be in America. Where we take three hours of sleep. We have a flag and one hat. With our hand in the sand. It's like the power that we have a hat. And all the stars. Watching state from news on a 65 inch screen. Scratcher V5. Everything's okay. Like the music. USA. Bye bye.