What? What? What? What? What? Well, we got some technical issues again, QA, and apparently, is a problem with the long distance. Yeah, this is a problem with long distance. Probably didn't pay their bill again. I hear that echo echo. Oh, I like hearing that. The same thing happened last month. Well, this goes on all the time. Somebody had to run a check over to show the bell. Sorry, we can get our long distance. Well, I can have they just spend 17 million by that station in Vegas, so maybe the credit line is like a little short these days. I don't know. Maybe it's got your facts. Thanks, Eric, for testing out. I got the facts from Eric. Just fine from Orlando. No problem at all. I'm not listening to this. As always, on that end, so Troy DeVoy had to run down the, down a kinko to somewhere to try to facts me to log in some copy. I'm a hoots. And that's something, some kind of an operation. And I talked to Joe Bell yesterday. I haven't feeling. I could be wrong, but I've been feeling that if he didn't know, and then what he knows now, he just stayed right there at Kiss. Joe Gerardi. Yeah, he just stayed there too. Yep, wherever he was. He could go back to the cubs. The ankle, he was a bench coach for the ankle. He could go back there. Did he go back to with Harry Kirri? Joe Gerardi was part of that great, what year was that? 88. 89 and the great cubs. He was in the division. And then he caught the ankle, he's in the world series. Let's see, who is the other cubs catcher then? Oh, it was the left, he was a Damon Burhill. Wow, that's a good one coming up with that. Yeah, it is. Well, I was, I watched every cubs game. That's when you even went to some. Well, yeah, that was another story. I remember when you went up there. Yes, so to why Murphy's bleachers, remember when Harry came across. Sure, dude. When Harry carried wild in, and he wasn't even drunk, he was sober as a judge. It's been early. Yeah, it was before three. Yeah. Well, no, they didn't ready for a game. And they played all day games in. Yes, they did. But yeah, it was like 11 o'clock in the morning. Yeah, we got a good start yet. Are you okay? I'm great. Well, that was Harry. Yeah, that was Harry having a little up pop. I've been having somewhere. I'm there in the sky. Harry's having a big drink. I saw a little bit of the marlins game last night. I guess I must be the curse. Maybe they'll pay me not to watch. I watched a little bit because I tuned in while I tuned in earlier. And it was not a score. And then I tuned in just when they got through the wild pitch to let him videoly only run to the game. That was like watching an expansion team. Oh, and I'll come on with the air. And who was it that wrote to calm was it which paper was it this morning? I read that whole column about your man, D.R. Huh? Your man, Greg Cody. No, no, not that column. The what about Ethan Scolnik? I think wrote to calm about how they were conducting business there. Instead of worrying about the ballgame and opening night. They were more worried about the schmoozing with the guys. I saw that. Yeah. What did Greg Coatex have to say? Oh, by the way, before we go on speaking of losers and liars across the street. And mostly losers. I'm talking about millions dollars. That story that was in the south of business journal. Somebody fast to see us. It was him sure came from over there. I said about how they made money on the dolphins. And I said, guess what? Well, that's a lie. I have it right from the inside right from the horses and so with it. Since they got so many loose tongues and they got a real serious problem with that. But they spent between the four and a half million for the broadcast. Right? And the expenses, you know, for travel and phone lines and broadcasts. So to speak. A five million dollars a cost and for the season and they made a million and a half revenue. That sounds to me like a three and a half million dollar loss. So anybody who's printing a bunch of crap there in the south of business journal, they'd better get their numbers right. They probably came from that island brown guy. Oh, yeah, that's right. Your buddy, Alan Brown. That phone. Heck of a job, brownie. Like I believe it were that guy. Just like that great poll that they did that's been going to great co-tax. That's what brought it to mind. You know, they published this stuff and supposedly reputable rags down there. And it's just a bunch of crap. It's propaganda. First of all, at least they, you know, they claimed they got a story. In addition to which, you know, they dropped off that horrible hurricane month in November. And they still ain't got no story. Well, they made money on it at four and a half million dollars. And there's no reason for them to pay anything less. We are right. No, they lost three and a half million. Let me say it again at least. That's right from the inside. So they can put anything they want in the news. See, they really believe that they can propagandize their way in a success. You can't either you got it or you don't got it. They don't got it. They got no story. And now that it's not Jefferson, Palinay, more. See, they heard me to big cimmists about that. It's Lincoln, something. They, you know, they sold Jefferson, Pralice, older insurance and their, all their holdings of Lincoln. You think it sounds. Yeah, Lincoln downs. Right. I've been there. I was also at near-against at Park once upon a time. Have you ever been a hot springs Arkansas? Never been to Arkansas. I'm getting there a week from Saturday. Really? The Arkansas there would be. Oh, that's, that's a real, I can just see you in Arkansas. I've got to tell you a very few. I thought it was bad in San Francisco, I'm lucky. I talked to a guy yesterday up there who's, you know, it's, there aren't a lot of great hotels up there. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. And so one thing I got to tell you something, you know, it's Passover weekend. He said, if you want to get, if you want to get anything to celebrate pass over, you're going to have to drive 100 miles. Oh, yeah. You know, bring you all moths. Yeah. Good luck. I'm going to see some pay saw. Yeah, wouldn't have something. Hank's going to spend pay saw in Arkansas. It's perfect hot springs. Yeah. Hot them. Yeah, everyone might be an interesting place. I know a bit. There's 30,000 people who live in hot springs. And if there are 50,000 people at that race, they tell me. It's a big day there. Well, how about Louisville? Louisville's not that big. I mean, it's not a big town. It's not a big city. You know what? There's a decent size city. Louisville? Yeah. It's not, you know, on a par with major markets or anything like that. But it's a good size city. What's that place that I was at that one time? What's worse that track? You can tuck you some people and Lexington. No, not Killing. No, harness track. No, it wasn't a harness track. I went on with Toledo. He's me Ohio Toledo. Raceway Park. That was that. I told you that even the Jockeys had race bandages. Yeah. Even the guy in the start of the guy in the. The judge said prices the button the starting. He had race bandages too. Everybody was grible. Even the case years had race bandages. Well, this Saturday, I'm in New York. So for what? The wood memorial. All the wood memorials. They say well, maybe you're running. It was a good friend of yours in New York. You go, you can look him up. He can buy a lunch. Probably see Dave Johnson. It was a good friend. Yeah. Yeah. I'll have lunch with the. The. Do. Yeah, you and David. He can have lunch. Great idea. Compare notes. See how he's doing up there on 10. 50. Whatever the callers are now. The feast there. You can say callers were. And all of a sudden. They said we're going to age. W H N W H N and before that, they were W M G M. We've been through that already. Yep. So today. What's going on? About those panthers last night. Yeah. Yeah, they finally finally lose a game. And they want to lose in two points against that a six out there eight out. They're tied with a leaf. The panthers will be here next Tuesday, by the way. I know. I saw that. Play the make. Make believes. They're holding out. They got the. They're holding out. They got the. They got the fake. So I thought, I'd get them all over the. And I think that really would be lucky if they actually try to easily give a break. It's not we every evening and it's Diana doing a thing notice, it's not that it's not a thing it would be like rather there. There's some shared experience. Yeah, pretty embarrassing. I had that tape a one-night game. I couldn't believe it. It's first thing when I hit it. I mean, when he got bleeped out, he was doing a hockey game. He got like a pot. No, it's there. So he got a pot of my pride. It was pretty bad. That's him. He can't help himself. He's got Tourette syndrome or something like that. He just can't stop, but I would all of a... Although I notice now, we got that spot. You see, one thing about this company, man, if you pay for a spot that's got like swear words in it, we'll put it on the ear. If I want to play a bit, that's got those words. I can't play it. But if you put it on the spot, and when you pay for it, I know that. So we'll put it on the ear. That's amazing. It's just amazing. But anyway, your buddy Joel and I had a very good conversation yesterday, but it would be a bit of a boop through it. So if he knew of him, well, he knows now. He just said that Greg just left a big pile in every room in a building. He said that Greg is there more now than when he was a general manager. I saw him yesterday. Yeah, see, there he go. And what did he say? I'm sorry. I'm so sorry that I left you guys this mess. Actually, he came in and he's got this style now, where he's wearing a shirt out. He always just kind of with that. And I told him that he... I said, you know, I saw somebody else who was wearing a clothes and he knew who's at. I said, help him, John. I don't know how he took that. But I went to help John show Friday night at the season. And help him, John, where is this shirt? The same way that Greg does. Well, I think that's the only comparison. I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Yeah, I don't care who you are to ferry. Yeah. That's what you should have told him. Next time you see Greg, be sure and give him regards for me. Okay, given the same salute that Scalia did there. Oh, that same gesture, whatever that is. Okay. The old Vafan, whatever however that goes, can't say the... Careful. I don't think we can even say an Italian or I certainly not an Espanol. They're not seeing a Spanish language stations. They can say whatever they want. I want to throw in a caution to the wind around here. That's what it is. That's what it is. That's why I'm throwing cars to the wind? I gotta go back to the way we were. Early, what was that? Trying caution to the wind. No, boy, we guard to what? I don't know what they mean. Say what I want. Go ahead, tell me. Put me out there. Oh, brother. Holy cow. Now, just to make any difference at this point. What's hell's that? The way we were. All the barrow there's barbra, yeah. Cross-eyed barbra. Bitch. Look at her. Oh, it's a total trail for anti-semitism if there ever was one. Well, listen, it's almost paced off. And he's there. Yeah, I'll send you a telegram. It's hot springs. Yeah, be sure to enjoy that hot spring's jelly. I'm sure they got a jelly under me. Speak for it. Just like in Florence's. I might as well be in Dubai. Just like in Tampa. You might as well be in Brandon Florida. I think I got a lot of deli's there. Oh, no, I remember what we did that one the word I owed in. We did that week. It shows over at S.U.N. in Tampa. And I had there was a poor guy, schmuckky, open up a deli in Tampa. He didn't last too long. Tampa deli's would work in Tampa. Well, he's didn't. They used to be a wolfies in Tampa that did very well. Really? Yep. Well, they used to be a lot of wolfies around the did very well. And then they all went south. Yep. South of the border. Does that place still around by the way south of the border? Where's that? In South Carolina. Well, I remember when you brought the North Carolina. Those bumper stickers on car. Yeah. Yeah. All the time. You know, if you were driving 95 or anyone to come for you. There are people, all these travelers back in those days. Always had south of the border stuff, Plasticed on their rear end. It's in the first town when you cross the border from North Carolina to South Carolina. Now, pass on that. That's another place for going. I remember those places. Those reasons. They're driving the Florida during the winter. Huh? We used to drive the Florida during the winter. And so did I. So that's where you saw South of the border. South of the border. Well, what is it? Is it like Stookies? Why me is it in the amusement park? What is it? Ah, it was a big store. Remember? And they had, I guess they served food there. But it was like a big general store where they had all kinds of, like they said, out of the border stuff. Probably like Stookies without the peanut brittle. Or they coconut pattys. Oh, brother. Outside of Stookies, the peanut brittle. It's been sitting there for like 15 years. I think that's how we got to be diabetic. That's another call in Brittle. Yeah, that was a story help. That put us over the top. It's a start. Put us over the top. How is your blood sugar these days, by the way? Actually pretty good. What's give me a number? I don't know. The guy said it was good. I didn't even know. I went to weeks ago. You only so depressed. I just want to blow my brains out. What do you mean you just went two weeks ago? How can you go two weeks without knowing what your blood sugar was? It doesn't work like that. I don't pay attention to it. It's not going to work. Okay. What do you have a good time in hot springs? I will. I'll be eating lots of sweets there. Yeah, but you will. Not if you can't get the moth or banana split always. I think it says in the Tomwood of the banana split substitutes for the moth. Is that patient? It's kosher for pace sauce. That's what it says. I'd like to circle you on the bottom of the bowl. All right. Ask the man. I'll say how do my good friend what's his name over there at the Jeffrey Luria? Oh yeah. You can't make this right now. You can't make this name so I did. They're wooing people there. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. I think even Skorna kept his thumb right on it. Did busy. Oh you want to know what's going on. Great co-equipary for him to the lame politicians. Who won't give these guys what they want. Oh my god. Yeah. Another un informed column. By the way, Greg, if you and your buddies over there across the street want them all in games, they're all yours. Yeah. You can have them. We don't want them. See you tomorrow. Yeah. We're going to throw some of the previous programs. Are those of the hosts, guests, and collars. And you're not going to select those of the busy grass pastries. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going to try to go over agencies. For a great deal. Five six, the. Oh, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Good morning. Two more things in me, Rogers. Excuse me. That's not the shoe money. I'm. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Go. Pretty.immersie. Way. Way. Way. Way. Time. Tom Delay is resigning from Congress will be doing a little okay another cook by to us 10 14 already it's good to go to Newt America the way and we'll get into whatever we do and I have no idea how long is the first break? Is that a difficult question? Yeah it is they take a green half okay you know ballpark and I have to have some idea a call for a cook I'm gonna say sorry Troy emailed or excuse me facts that you already so no What do you say well guess what nothing came to you here? I have nothing from Troy or anybody I got the facts from Eric just fine So if Troy facts something he must have passed into the wrong number or maybe stuck his finger in the wrong hole somewhere Is something like that or what's affecting the other lines is that just in this building really? Holy moly what stuff called they said that you're the fourth person to call right now having problems So they got some bell sound visit a bell sound thing Good yeah a car bomb killed seven people moved to 25 others today in eastern Baghdad The Manhattan and Blastar place in the largely she I gave her to solder city That's these are Russian horizon sectarian violence in the past six weeks sounds like code for civil war to me sectarian violence Earlier today two children were killed three other people wounded when a bomber's floating side of house in the new Baghdad district Also in the capital please found nine slain body shot possibly tortured over 12 hour period and It's just the bodies bodies everywhere and not a lot of electricity and maybe not even good phone service like we got in South Florida I feel like a unit in a war not This is an ABC news special report outside the White House today a robot was used to investigate a suspicious packet And authority gets all the White House personnel inside the press briefing room Dangerous Was a master's trust Apparently the package is not dangerous Okay 10 19 but I make sure that these phones are working WQA and it's a test. Hello is it got? All right, it works. Let's see what are we doing yesterday's pool now? What's the story here? I got an idea. Can you facts Eric will that work? I mean in state still on this All right, I'd have to get That package back Oh, yeah, get it back from a goofball there. Okay. He's not gonna get anything done. He's just want to be want to be human being. Yeah, he's here said the What do we get it? I might have to go recap if the log during the next thing How about that copy? I'm supposed to have For the audience it's just another QA malfunction as a function okay, here's what I said and here's what happened All right, I said take this package these five sheets that right to copy in the log make a copy of it And give that back to me and then make this to wherever you're gonna go and try to get five sheets and you just hold an And you're not making copy and you're making back of course That would have taken like a least number of 30 seconds Right, we have been too much like work. That's all here weird So evidently there's some kind of area is it a long distance problem is it a Well, what's the story because our phone our local phones are working just fine What do these great calls QA and hello? Yeah, okay, okay, go to it get up there when they hit you moride The phones are working of course who cares about that? I'd like to have a log and I like to have that copy I mean copy a does maybe that's why maybe the Facts machine like had a coronary when the saw there was a new piece of copy in there just couldn't handle it Maybe we went on overload But the fashion era came through just fine. So if you can try a faction him something then he can fact it to me I realize that's kind of like going by boop as you know Round your whole story make gets on the facts to him. I'll be sure to do that So in other words what you're saying is that you don't have any of that stuff I can make another copy the log, but I have to wait for sure to come back with that piece of copy that well when you need to come back from where from wherever he went Well, he I think he's a copy so if he doesn't want to give me that piece of copy, you know Tell them yeah screw him anyway. Here was the pool yesterday the audiences money here But all our usual technical problems is just pathetic. Let me say it again if they lie to their teeth That article in the software business journal whoever wrote that better triple check your facts or maybe just check them once would be good Because it is totally erroneous and if anybody over there is singing you was song about how they made money across the street They are full of if and there's two letters in front of it What post should be compulsory reading non-165 votes? 1984 275 too many numbers here to digest you know And don't get picky with me and I pulled of the I did that for a reason just to show you how many negative people are I wish you ever to know that But it goes to show you that there's just a few buttons that's how you got to push yourself for and then that's what it takes Oh, you can afford to form it. Yes, go ahead. Troy Stratford said that the facts machines are working at kiss either He's at a hotel right now He's trying to facts it from with who hotel He's at a hotel with who's grand Who can say Maybe she's a do some of his bald spot 1984 275 votes. I hate this pull 134. I don't re-pucks 116 so I went out of kiss. I thought it was going to kinkos He was going to kiss you see if we didn't pay the bill Kisses the same company. It's measly broadcasting so they would have shut their long distance off to that's probably what it is What can be this song to dance about how they had four other calls? I can't even imagine if if really you couldn't get long distance out of software. They had a 4,000 calls already Follow orders for Barry man. It look at look at the size of that tub. What a tub? This head looks like he's got that old bicycle pump routine. I somebody stuck a Q back of his neck and blew it up Or maybe a syringe. Yeah, we know it's fancy. They have to syringe. We'll get it in that boring I saw a little bad back to they got their ass clubbered good I don't read books 116. That's you had been like almost any of you. We don't read by or neither anymore I did for a while. I'm tired of it And you know those books I was gonna run by yesterday. Yeah, I went into it had my post instead my dreamfield The Bible 68. Oh, yeah, if you want a few good laughs or if you're into SNM 68 just be the first two pages Genesis. He made the Elijah light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night It's some real scientific revelation man that nobody back then could have known. I just got a facts. Oh And it's a copy How do you like that try facts this from some hotel? Well, huh isn't that something now and of course if I would get to log then I'll know where that goes. Hey try to work goes rectum Affair well, the god by Charles Hamilton is right behind a bottle. I would read fair well a god for a 64 They don't have to waste your time with all those fairy tales Ryzen Paul the third right 53 the Da Vinci code 37. I remember that fast we got yesterday You really you got to read it. Oh, I don't and I won't Not interested boy scouts manual 32. Mobile dick 24 Fahrenheit 451 23 Do it where's my country my Michael more great read 19 y'all read that there should be way up higher on list, but it's not Atlas shrugged it at 18 Bush's brain 14. Oh, I didn't watch say yet. No, it's not on there anywhere. I got to get the it's on DVD right? Yes, it is I'm gonna go out and get that now that I will watch cuz I have to read it. Maybe somebody will read it to me all the presidents men 14 Get them will be instead can's guide to the Bible 14 That's Kenny from South Park the godfather 12 catamani Chris go nine the truth about very bonds in steroids seven read that now Robert Kennedy in his times five go ask Alice five the emperor where is no clothes for Letters from earth by Mark Twain for Alice there cooks America for how about I'll use your sim from a Christmas Carol What about him? But you remember all those wild dreams he was having no You saw that one That's the classic one that's right Ebony's your scrooge baby scrooge and Marley. I wonder if that was Bob Marley who was Ebony's that fruit is partner. Yeah, I think it was And then eventually it would really turn him around wasn't the dream, but it was like he found a good machine Like Troy's draft for defy not a good my shema and you know he facts me the piece of copy and that's it I'm so late in the now the phone is ringing all kinds of crap going on where is the rest of the stuff Troy you idiot Jesus Call of the wild tree by Jack London color purple tree beyond a behold a pale hose horse to You're definitely the rulers to in the powers that be don't have any oh Yeah, I never figured that out why things are poles don't have any blood that people call it in cuz we sure is helping put that on there the powers to pee Oh, have any Now what are we doing in this break? Nothing Oh, there's a fast machine is gone maybe I actually have the log here and I'll be able to take a look see I feel naked without the log Oh, don't worry. I wonder did we got so involved in a backstabbing everybody else we forgot about the log. That's right Let's see here's the log. Oh Thanks to Troy senior putting him down for not bringing the stuff back He actually went the extra nine yards. He went to some hotel Yeah, he sure said he went to hotel to send this that's what he said. I'll be damned And look at that there's actually some spots here Come on Hi everybody tombo to have here for hotel six we don't cater to business travelers We're here for the average American family and we try to make it as much like home as possible for instance RTV only gets one channel and it's in Spanish if you don't comprande You can always listen to the couple arguing in the next room We'll leave dirty underwear in the shower in an ash-cray foe cigarette butts on the nightstand and since sharing is virtue Your family can share a towel with all the other guests We don't have a concierge reserve theater tickets But the night janitor can get you laying near the bar at the bowl of ramma We're not flashier fancy or even comfortable It's meant in the night at hotel six still be sleeping in your car. I'm tombo to have for hotel six and we'll leave a seat down for you That's where a trashed ratford's faction because just now is I'm must speaking there your fourth page of the largest coming Whoo, it's a little slow a little bit slow We've had these issues zero from there worth a little slow, but this is like sitting in all time and we reckon Plus I don't have another piece of copy, but then it's his account like you several scratch it out Nice going Troy. I think he's at hotel six right now So what don't you have so I can call him and let him know I'm at your pardon because he's uh, you know He's calling me making sure everything's okay. Yeah, so you haven't gotten his piece of copy everything I don't have the Dr. John concepts piece of copy. I got the whole log now and that's not so much later anyway So if he wants to like upstairs and you know Have a little tussle with screw-in he can always come back down in five minutes And thanks me the other piece of coffee for dry content. I got the other one for rice Remember Jerry Royce that's the only one that he was supposed to fact you were the dry concepts I thought you told me we got new and you said you couldn't facts as me. You got it That facts that yesterday No, yeah, and correct absolutely incorrect wrong. Okay. You know you're losing it man. I know are losing it I know We had this discussion this morning. You absolutely did not he did not facts that yesterday and no have it I did facts that yesterday. I did well guess what that didn't come through either All right middle of the show yesterday. No wrong. That's what I got it. That's what I Don't got it You're you're in Lala line. You're just Sorry that this time never came through here. Okay. That might be but never right now You want to take time to do this on the air because I don't care. We'll kill some good time Yeah, you all need to like I said his condition to what they're used to it Do you used to all of our incompetence and the technical about not even through but that's why that's what I've actually I'm looking at you did what? That's what I facts it What the dry content the dry content well You got correct that I'm looking at the one I got here where I scratched out all that stuff from March I don't have any dry content. I never got any new You were I never got any dry concepts. I was talking about dialinators Yeah Wrong a Other net nice No, and I never said anything that's your buddy fat boy You are just so out of touch Do the show for while I got a cold cultural bell take back someone I said have what I say yes Because I spent most of my conversation or at least they substantial part of it with him talking about you guys making sure you guys get taken care of See how on self-ishrian you're a sweetheart. Well I wasn't till you got this all ball up, but I never said Anything that's about one account What are you talking about You got There was a little one This boy has the first thing you told me we got new dry concepts men the control email it to you. I said no, no, I don't Can't do that I can't download I said there's a new account Not new copy for an old account And it's that one piece of time Maybe we had a communication problem so maybe not having a new copy for the other one which does would figure he doesn't well screw you Troy you idiot you crap head you bald head of geek Jesus God What are you gonna do about it? You're fair Yeah, he just well he doesn't want to be a sales guy. I know wants to be a superstar. I don't see this. He on a year anymore I Don't know oh Wait to hear this all right wait until you hear this. Let me give you a little bit Huh, what happened there you got a call punch test That's what I never came in your birthday Get out of here. I never I never do my hand is even on that side of the word that little box That was spontaneous I'm for it He's actually been on for about a couple of hours in the end And I must have done that a while ago. Well, what what was he saying? I think it's a go Good you oh, damn it Well listen, I have to do something to spice it up a little bit while we see any arguing about who's on first and who's got the copy I got your crowbar to try here home boy. That's the point We got guilty and two again today Has Robert Creepers making out the schedule. That's it. I'll take it one thing I did discover and that is that Forget about clearance. I mean, he's just he's got joy spot a short hairs for what I you must have been Make it pictures. He must have found him in Greg's office. He must have he must have like right right full true Greg's disc After Greg got canned by when we all know you got canned Greg so quit showing up there Get really tired of it. Nobody wants to see it anyway So I'm sure it's must have rifle to resist and probably make it pictures a kip to net job all those years because he's as solid He is absolutely rock solid Clarence so I'm not even think about bitching about the fact we got to make believe juvenile program Where here's won't do any good. I would ever yeah Guilty at two and get used to him. He's on a lot way too much mad dog for the seven three solid hours Let's hear it talk in hardball with the crow all my god. I liked that with me Yeah, that's it seven or clock 735 Marlins on deck Marlins at the Astros. They're second game lost a tough one Nothing in the open or last night. This is close to the upcoming win for a long time 805 then any character the Marlins baseball game guys saw the winning run the only run Craig video who still love the look to bad how old is he about 50 now good guy about 60 He's been there forever forever. Yes, he has And I will always thought he was I have said this before, but I always thought he's kind of like a good old southern boy And then he's from Brooklyn. I remember one time the one time I've ever heard him speak. He got a real new-oc accent It kind of like shocking you know, I mean Not really, but okay. Yeah, it was what what do you mean not really he doesn't really have a New York accent Yeah, he does like a New York and no, not that kind of like Brooklyn actually didn't sound like what I thought he was gonna sound You know that's what I'm trying to say and don't start with me with your expertise on Craig video Okay, because I was obsessed with him before you ever even more born well That's the reason I got the okay with the answer. That's one thing about him He's been there the whole career now. Who was the other guy who always was with the Astros? Then he got he left and died who was the third basement wasn't the third-hand He can't have any he wasn't right. He wasn't only with the Astros No, but I said he left Anyone played somewhere else where did he play Texas Texas see and then he died? Yes, he did he He was the judge the George Bush curse Because that's where the guy called yesterday and said the Royce started with the Texas Rangers with the Jose consucco And of course that was and with Rafael Palmeiro to by the way, Shepona And that was the George Bush curse probably George W is a provided him with all the drugs. He's good in those Occupy the genic substances Anyway, former house leader Tom Gale to resign to coming to indictment and vote around rest let's hear it by by Tom Gale You're right now. Can't you oh I've looked as probably what's downstairs now is the book of brand us I'm not gonna go get it today though. I'll wait till tomorrow Too much excitement already today got a long dough and we got one new piece of coffee. That's not too bad one out of two for Troy I mean why should he get coffee for the other one he just keeps you know sucking the commission up Just like everything else he inherited. Hey remember he told you he was you know working at it Yeah, he's working on that's the prize in a hotel right now And hotel six with scran and they're working on it So coming to scandal former majority leader Tom Gale intends to resign from Congress within weeks posing out of career that blended Unfliction conservatives and would a very not-computerable scout and corruption likes of which his cell to minceing I'll guess who's seen out by the way in a nursing home Cholton has no all even better news than that. I think really Oh Jesse Jesse I think that's the revenge. I think my big pile for today. You're busy here on QM. This is your news headquarters Okay, where the entire town meets around the old hot stove mid-days Now if they do around the old hot stove and they stick their finger on it or something look like a finger felt like You're probably gonna official said last night they expect the text into quid a seat later this spring and they've been all over this like stink on Troy on CNN He was for awhile. We know that Democrats at the development's marked more than the end of one man's career in Congress Tom delays decision-to-leave Congress in just the latest piece of evidence that the Republican Party is a party in disarray a Party out of ideas a party out of energy said billboards folks and for the Democratic congressional campaign committee and a Partridge and a fair truth by by time delay. Oh look at this power prayer They got that guy in there that the wrote that stupid book by bad things happy to good people Of course, you don't have to write a book about the answer is real simple because crap happens, you know Yeah, that's it. It's just the way it is You can't make anybody up at home. Oh God. It's gonna be with prayers all this other sketchy crap just crap happens. Okay So you can get to get the whole bunch of your friends and you can pray like crazy even across the street for my house And get together with that lady over there That's trying to convert the whole world at least in my house. It doesn't work. It's a crap lady cut the crap now What does it work if you don't sacrifice a chicken or no? Well, I like that lady Neil 16. Mrs. is now her door show when I get home next time Just in time for Simka, Scora It'll be a real Simka 10 41 19 before 11 at 560 WCM We got our technical situation well at least at least the hotel's got it straight on anyway. I still think we didn't pay the bill The hard stopping action continues with a new season of 24 on Fox when it game C2 agent check borrowers call back to action Hey, you flower in C-T-U we need you Good one terrorist are planning to assassinate the president by launching a nuclear warhead into Washington DC while releasing a toxic nerve gas that melts people's faces Yes, if there anyone else you guys can call the shade the world I mean, have an I've been torn off my watch for murder my daughter's been caught in a bear trap My girlfriend W and my entire body been beaten with an inch of its life. There's more bad news Now one if their cousin's best friends college roommate was kidnapped by the terrorists 24 is back Fox Will there be any double reach involved? Yes, how about shall I track into my yes? The waker throw the call violation. Yes. How about mortally wounded dogs and wish for cricket information before it was in consciousness? Of course, what can you leak different than a annoying fucking clock? No It's 24 with the annoying clock Mondays on Fox can't wait. Okay. Let's see this thing is the we add this some screwing going on over the world Yeah, I'm trying to pass you and I will keep trying periodically throughout the day just I'm a good person for where it's worth But it's making that same sound. I'm just gonna keep trying to facts because who knows when it'll be fixed Anyway, I got an article just for you. I was gonna tell them what today's poll is and then explain a little bit about it But I can't get that thing back up there again. Uh-oh I've had that problem Something huh? No, I'm not talking about that happens to the best of it. And anyway Susan J Douglas now who was Susan J Douglas? How it? Professor communication that the University of Michigan and author of the mommy myth The idealization of motherhood how it's under mind women. Well, that's kind of interesting Well, there we go. There's a poll. We're our goals a thousand votes today We got nine sixty one. You think we make a trash? Oh Maybe if we push it Are you gonna push it? Very bonds are gonna push that syringe right into his ass What's your take on illegal immigrants? Diamond and sixty one votes deport all the Legels now of 333 That's obviously the correct answer because illegal see I could have said illegal aliens But because of the fact that they're like try to confuse immigrants and illegal Like I know which is like that brought on at the voice man, you know Or her 33 that's the correct answer only deport Cubans now. I put on there because you know Cubans who make it to sure based on that Silias dry foot wet foot Our illegal but nevertheless this goes to sure the extent of hostility and hate and software That's why I put it on there because we also have only let in Cubans. That's in last place. That's yeah Only before Cubans 247 George first it says right too many already here grant them anesty 158 And I know that this disturbing view, but that seems to be the general consensus because generally speaking they have the public brain washed And there's all these beating heart thing all the statue of liberty is crying Well, you know immigration those people that came in that better as island didn't come in illegally Okay, they went to the process they waited for years online millions of them just like there's millions waiting now to come in literally Right, oh So there's a legal way to come in and they're like the alien means illegal you broke the long go back where you came from Go back to music with us taking go back to Guadamala wherever Villa wall on the US Mexican border 116 I hate this poll 77 only 11 Cubans has got only about Clemente 20 now here's the this article just for George Susan J Douglas, Lou Dobbs now more than ever. I just just I just found this on the smoking chip by the way This whole Lou Dobbs thing is all your fault. I never would have heard of the man if not for you well. There you go Just like It's pretty spares and see nothing further away We'll be there. Oh my god, I'm not that he was he went south. Yeah. Well literally she went down One of the Bush administrations overriding goals has been to discredit every institution that threatens the imperial presidency Congress the courts the military the electoral process federal agencies and last but hardly least the press Last but hardly least Absolutely Through its precision coordination of PR spin message saturation fake news and demonization of any journalist who dare to ask questions is a Terrorist loving trader team Bush enjoyed awe inspiring success on this front for nearly two years from 9 11 till the summer of 2003 Even though things started to fall apart then no WMDs no machine accomplished increasing the grizzly news from Iraq The administration persisted and it's taken no prisoner stance toward the press Television news in particular is struggle to find its way wounded by the 60 minutes to buckle and force resignation to ban Redder on CBS the retirement of NBC's Tom Brokaw and the loss of AVG's Peter Jennings To end of the TV news woes foxes shown that partisan preaching to the car news is both cheap comparison popular Meanwhile the daily show in the culpr report of demonstrate that so-called fake news is often more Reveasing about the days events and more emotionally satisfying Into this gap between the last institute of the nightly news and the igina's a John Stuart has stepped an unlikely figure loot dogs I used to watch does for what are called surveillance purposes how to write leaning purposeness text report in spin the news Now I try not to miss dogs in part because he seems to be deliberately crafting a new kind of anchor persona That of the outrage of everyday American the one who is indeed mad is hell and not gonna take it anymore. How do you like that? Yeah, just as I was starting to read that sentence. I was thinking a little howard He was not the oh Oh He expresses his Incudually over birth pronouncements and policies and is given take what CNN reporters and Gress is the audience directly with sarcastic rhetorical questions and has abandoned the more neutral objectivity in hearing Styling of news anchors He's also been walking and interesting political line conservative about some issues Especially American immigration policy populist about others including corporate giveaways and the privileging of business interest of Our national security and you won't find soft news stories about puppies or diets here in the process Dobs is showing how you might do a version of the daily show's strain Dogs was merciless about the divide deal and used as a frame towards the blast bush about the current trajectory of his administration How is this for a leading which dogs read on March 3rd New evidence tonight that the bush white house appears to believe that commerce is more important National security it turns out that the committee on foreign investment which is supposed to safeguard a national security Infus failed to consult anyone outside the bush administration about this deal The deal provided a peg for a related story about case feed lobbyists with which dogs concluded Business lobbyists and groups say commerce is more important often than national security interests And I read those sentences both of them often and he does because he fumpies and bumping of bumbles of Fumpies he's a pump here Covering bush is 50 India dobs lead it included the present also makes out wages remarks about the export of American jobs to cheap overseas labor markets and later Outstressing is just duckies says the president Ridiculing bush for saying that the solution to outsourcing is to educate Americans for 21st century jobs Dobbs cited labor department projections that the fastest growing job is that of nursing assistant bed pants anyone Dobbs also use the emails from viewers to provide a Greek chorus to backup his own iron a typical offering I've never in my 74 years seen such a lack of concern for the citizens of America by the lack of officials in Washington, D.C. You just don't see this kind of controlled fury on the networks on March 10th jobs open to show with the divide port steel is dead, but the distortions and disinformation go on Beginning with bush is comments about the demise of the deal Dobbs added the present refuses to acknowledge you made any mistakes in the way handle the controversy the presence remarks are a clear sign that the bush White House is still confused about the difference between Commerce and the national interest Ouch Dobbs then tried that bush was getting his come up and it's because something has been so evidently pushing in the Middle East democracy Actually works here at home Whatever one thinks it does different political stances He's clearly seeking to keep the post-between a journalistic indignation alive to an anchoring style that draws more from network than from order crime kind Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha no and Josh didn't even fall asleep in the middle of it. That's what you don't watch it Josh would know Lou Dobbs from Lukas, Stella Given the bush administration has sought to muscle underbinder simply circumvent the press That's version of in your face defines as a welcome antidote and maybe the way of the future it's the way of the future just like that day trading Remember that the future Ever that pump that was on all those spots that's skinny So we asked you yeah, yeah, yeah, you're riding away with the future Mr. President when bubble was on those spots Everybody was gay and the Gay trading until they lost their ass They know it's not a good idea Or they just couldn't afford it anymore or people turned off their long-distance service like the beeslead. Oh, isn't that interesting? I watch you do a little Detective work okay on your own. It's taking me this If the long-distance things are working you couldn't fast to me this morning from any a fast machine machine and a building And boy goes down to the kiss building, which is also owned by the same to beeslees and those facts machines won't dial out long-distance What does that tell you? Exactly sounds to me like they're not paying the bills again the freaking beeslees the freaking beeslees that we're gonna come up with you Yeah, yeah, Bruce the air. I will say Joyce and Caroline and Joyce that's it the freaking beeslees It'll ride the noise. Oh, boy. I can hear that one now Brian How much are we got there? We got 981 if I refresh or we'll probably have close to a thousand if it comes up against good little cranky here 987 what's your take on a legal immigrants the port all the illegals now? You guys are Schmidty or whatever she says you guys are a bunch of a-holes. Remember that? Oh, yeah, he's the best. Learn to speak English by the way honey you silly ass bitch The port all the legal's now 341 only to port humans 253 all funny any shape. We're gonna be here to see that Chee be crilling too many already here grant them amnesty 165 ah Bill the wall on the Mexico US border 119. Okay, George are we happy to leave the first brick. That's right I hate this pool 78 only by the Cubans 31 Space five This is the new Roger, so Reckham. Okay, it's 11 o'clock at 5.6. You don't have to be too painful for you. We have 10 10 already as intent and wins New York former Murray the K-Home Wyns. Okay, call it this man. Just like Wynz, which I guess they're back to using those again now. Gotta be a moron to change colors like that. Just like in Detroit changing from Wxyz to Wxyt because they went to talk radio and that's stupid. Oh, stupid. Wxyz, those were like legend they were call letters. They were like changing W ABC to WABT. Because it's a talk station now, you know. Man, they morons are what? Wow, what goes? Let's take those colors. What do you say Wxyz? Oh, I'd love that. Will he change the format? That's right. Let's go on the FM. I say what's the power? 96.3. 5. 5. Yeah, whatever. So you can tell I'm a child listening to it. That's because country. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I liked that 96.5. I liked that frequency a lot better. Fantastic. So, right here. Fantastic. So, right here. Oh, we got to make sure that this line is working. This is a good one. QAM. You know, are you doing? Okay. When you were talking with me earlier, you stole my thunder. I tried to get through yesterday and tell you if you paid joy to money. You probably let you play some of those bits. You all let you play. That's a good point. Maybe we can take up an auction. We take up some collections. We can put money to pay joy so we can play the bits. Good point. Exactly. And it was on the second. I hate saying it was going to horse track to get some wood this weekend. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. I guess you've been looking real close to them horses. Wow. Anyway, Tantos is the region of bonds. Yeah, he's going to hospital. Or that's next week to the wood memorial in New York. Okay. That's where he's going to find the old wood. He's laying the lumber baby. That's what they're doing. That's what the gambler say. We're laying the lumber. What a stupid expression. Hang number so that. You ever hear him say that Josh? No. You never heard that laying the lumber? I guess maybe that's a little past day. We can only hope that's a kind of thing that we're not hurting. But not that's a kind of thing right now. What I'm talking about that kind of lumber. I'm not talking about laying pipe. We're talking about laying everything with you always comes back to that. Yeah. I've never heard that nice to hang out with lumber jacks. So I'll too bad. Well, I hope you and Jack had a good time. Ha ha ha. A fan toss to sermons near Barry bonds is he came off the field in between innings on Monday at Petco Park. I saw a little bit of that and it was just Boo and him were letting me see him. I was going. Oh, yeah. What a top of crap. I hate him. And the trice sugar said he picked it up in his glove and created off the field. The syringe that wasn't made me for you slayed around. Although it turned out syringe apparently didn't have no needle. I just put it off the field so no one would get hurt said bonds is under investigation by baseball for alleged steroid use. Now he didn't do no roids. He just got a big fat ass like Cecil Fielder. I come to have a camera like Q Cecil Fielder doing roids. Yeah. Anybody who ever hit home runs. Let's go. Big fat ass like that. Maybe Mickey lowlitch was doing him. How about Pudge Fisk? He had a big fat ass. The syringe toss occurred after the bottom of the eighth inning of the San Diego Pad with six to one win over the Giants and see, of course, I already were, oh, see, you lost the drugs with the fat ass. Look, when a guy comes on takes up the whole screen and you got like a 62 in screen. That's got to tell you something. If that's what they want to do in burst themselves and that's on them bonds said that has nothing at all to do with me. According to the book game of Shadow is written by those two San Francisco Criteral Beat Poertas, bonds used a vast array of performance enhancing drugs including Royce and human growth hormone for at least five scenes beginning in 1998. According to the book bonds, you several substances in various forms including by protecting self-aester range and taking injections from its personal trainer. Back home bonds who is denied using performance enhancing drugs and lies like a champion, even the Greg Reed is embarrassed, was moved often by the sellout Criter 43,767 last night. In San Diego. I don't judge them, but I said I have to concentrate on baseball. I leave that up to you guys to make those statements saying, kind of sounds like what was his name, blades, which one was the blades for this? Rubin. Probably. Seriously, what? Or Benny. Benny, Benny blades. Got a jump fast and run high and run fast and jump high and he'll have time. That's what his idiot agent said. What's that agent that's so that we hate like poison through Rosenless cramps? Richard Anderson, the pottery executive in charge of pet co-par, didn't return to telephone Carlstein's house. He's not. Maybe he threw it. Maybe he's he's thrown it out there. And of course in the meantime, your Marlon people, Jeffrey, Laurie, and David Samson, were there when they even care about the opening game. All they cared about was choosing were the people from San Antonio because they were in Texas, huh? Yeah, we know about it. And Ethan, school, the canary, just rips them an ass. Nice going, Ethan. And there's really so. So Greg Coctuch is wondering how come the politicians are going to, yeah, get out of here. You slimy idiot, you fool. If I don't wait, let me say again, Greg, take it to your leader. If you want to Marlon games, you can't be starting at the Marlonite. Starting tonight. Although that would be bad because then we also have to, you know, we have to have to ship across the street. Who? If we did that. So there are resources. Yeah, we have to ship the crow over there. As the crow flies. Yeah, that would be bad somehow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you come on. Everybody in America is burning up the phone lines. It every talk show about illegal aliens. Come on, let's go and South Florida. This should be the number one topic. Let's get all those people calling in, who called in during the alien days. They will never hear from again. That don't listen to the show or this radio station. And wouldn't know where to find us if you paid him 50 dollars in 50 pesos. Hey, you could make this a format and you'd have a 20 share. What's that? You could make this a format. Yeah, we can do like blue dogs and just do the same topic every day. Every single day, every day, protecting our borders. Yep, I'm telling you, he's as funny as a 42 hour bill. I mean, I'm glad he's doing what he's doing. But it's just so for those who know him and know where he's been coming from for so long. It just doesn't walk. How come? Just like I'm just telling you to start watching it. The police have been a busherologist for so damn long. And find every excuse to like suck up. And I owe the big comeback. You know, when every time the polls would go down, but then preparing for the big comeback, course, that never came. But now maybe maybe he's getting bags of money from different people. Now who the hell know? Maybe he got visited like like, screw, since that's right. We had a dream like Ebony's going to be a father. Maybe Bob Marley came to win a dream. Yeah, Bob. And brought him some good stuff. Who knows? WQM, Lou Dobbsho, hello. Is this the orado show? Yes, sir. That's right. Yes, sir. Okay, I'd like to speak to Neil. I actually, I'd like to find out about that. We still have to work. That's really what I'm trying to do. Oh, public. I'm trying. It's not green field. It's dream field with the D. D isn't cemented D. It's in Delph's. Dream field. Dream field. I'm going to say, again, dream field. Dream field. Dream field. I had a dream and field as a knife. Oh, sir. I was dream field that went and where do you get it? Public. Public. Public. I was shopping as a pleasure. That's where, okay. Uh, I think what we had. There was a little problem. Well, he just couldn't understand. It might not articulate into there. What? Yeah. Dream field. Okay, is that it? So green field on our website. It's all over there. Like, stick on Greg for quite an hour. And it's not a camera. I would think we ought to apply. I keep saying that, not that we should apologize. Even if it were. In fact, it would be even better. Oh, yeah. I'm clicking stuff on this website here and there where you find it. I don't know. Maybe maybe there's something on a bug. A bug on it. Like, Bob Prince used to say, we need a bug on the rug. I'm sure you're, uh, Josh, remember that. And bug on the rug. Okay. Although, right. In fact, right under the picture, Josh Cortis, looking really surly there. Oh, and by the way, uh, got some good news. I couldn't get Josh to say Dave and boring. But he did it. Before to show that Dave had the second worst hair piece in history next to Mo. Next to the muskette that Mo got rid of finally. Do, do, do, do, do, do. Dave and Boris at the worst, uh, PCs ever seen. And he sure wasn't talking about his wife. Did you say that? I heard it. Yeah, we both heard it. Now he's going to call me something worse than Turg today. I'm much worse. That's okay. Go right ahead. I went to that for you yesterday, Mr. And what do you do? Call me names on a year. You all turned. You, you, you, you, you, you, you. I was just, you know, that was bad. Okay. Just keep it up. Dreamfield's low car pasta there. It is right right between Josh's picture and one of Osama, morphing into OJ. That's a good slot for it. Keep an old two criminals apart. Two gangsters. Yeah, you got that evil look on your face. And I picture like you really pissed off. And I don't blame you to be honest with it. Dreamfield's low car pasta there. It is just a dreamfield. Dreamfield. It's got 42 grams with only five digestible. And it won't send you, if you're, especially like, you don't have to be diabetic to enjoy it like George. George is not doing better. Yeah. And if you keep eating that, they know what to be. Right. Because it won't send your blood sugar. You need to hear what Hank's coming when I asked him about his blood sugar. I, you know, I keep saying, I give up. I just don't know how to deal with that. What? Just pick out the bouquet now. Oh, my God. The call on Paul, what's his name there? Merlin Olson. Baby FTD has an S.E.D. You're a plan, you know, where you can save money by ordering there. Oh, my God. I asked, well, well, what was the blood sugar? I don't know the doctor said it was pretty good. Well, what is, what is that? And it was two weeks ago. I mean, when you diabetic, how can you not know your blood sugar from like, every few hours, every few hours or much less not day to day. And with two weeks, this is, you talk about denial, man. Denial, even Cleopatra never spends so much time on denial. Holy, moly, Humper. You're just, uh, got a death wish. You know, never try to look like Charles Bronson. Maybe you real fact popped up Charles Bronson. I don't know. You said it would be. Could be. But, uh, that's bad. WQA M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a website for you to check out. It's the rate of life you're, well, you know what? Yes, I'll get it. Yeah. Yes. Um, this, e-b-m-e-b-a-u-m-world.com. Yeah. Look at hybrid motorcycle. Hybrid motorcycles? Yes, sir. Okay, I'll do it during the break. Thanks, I guess. I'll let you know if it's a real thank you, or not. I won't work with that possibly be of your idea. Maybe there's somebody riding it. 1036, the total amount of pull-ups, not too bad. It's 11, so a lot of numbers. Just a lot of numbers, add them. And I'll never know what you're talking about. Just like in those trends on Friday. Well, we did fine. We're okay. That's spectacular. But then we're going to be a spec. When you're on the Titanic, you're not going to be breathing too much oxygen. It's 11 past 11. We got Galilee at 2 to 1, so we can move your way to the bottom. Sure one, panther loss in Tampa last night. Not too exciting. And of course, I'm sure the hockey crowd will be just gathered about the old hot stove. So, this is Neil Rod's kitchen for the whole inside of you. This is 5.62. No! Don't I? S- Night in Manhattan. Never reaching the train. Mothers and junkies. Still your goal, Jane. Real black and dark holes. All the time, all the time. Nobody's back. Thumbs wash your windshield. If you want it or not, and they show you. Yes, they show you. Oh, they show you. Fight in Manhattan. Taxes and trucks. To dinner today. Five hundred dollars. You want excitement. When it gets dark. Walk out to midnight. Two central cars. I still hope you. Yes, they'll not be. Good for you. What are you going to do about it? It's 11.17 at 5.60. W-2-1. Let's take a four-way call. What do you say? We don't. I don't look up that e-bombworld.com. And at the link about motorcycle and there's no such link. There's no such story. There's no anything. I didn't find it. I thought you did. What? Looked it up to save me. I found the website. And I thought maybe might be something worth a chuckle or whatever. Whatever he was talking about. I didn't find it. It didn't. It didn't. Five six seven. Five sixty. Town five sixty. Leigh Verizon. Singular wireless line. Retalking a day buddy. Legal alien. Let's go back to the alien days. Come on. Let's get all those crazy screaming women calling in. People that wouldn't even know who they were talking to. Right. Come on. Come on. I don't agree with women in hate. I don't know. I think it's not a quarter hate. Oh, brother. Oh boy. A lot of hate in the sunshine state. Very good. It's way goes. Just a lot of hostile, miserable, hateful people. That's just what it's all about. Welcome to Florida. W-2-1-M-Hello. Yes, sir. About the station. Yeah. How about him? We like him a lot better. We like you. I'll tell you that. W-2-1-Hello. You were right. Me all that dream so pop. It is so fucking good. Uh-huh. Next. I'll save it to life later. Right. I might want to. I might also be on the same website with a kind of motorcycle. Five six seven. Five sixty. Pound five sixty. God, it's just amazing to me how clever some of you people are. You must work on these things for ages. For months, they sit there and they're pondering we got Well, they're deep inside there. They're body and they're just working on it. Feverishly. W-2-1-M-Hello. W-2-1-M-Hello. W-2-1-M-Hello. W-2-1-M-Hello. Yes, sir. I do. Pretty good. You should, George. Yeah. After hearing you think about the ob that I went and checked the smurking Chimp, which happened to your side as my next favorite. Yes. And did you see the article California Dreaming? Yes. The article can be a product. I'm going to take in the, yeah, making it well, it's not going to work. Yeah. They've got the Trininess Tense in there. Dr. Fainte. I hope not. And I got a movie for you. Yes. I found on the Amazon one time. It's called Warwell Rolls and his grave. Okay. It's a documentary about the media and has some famous well-known people and Mark Crispin Miller feel like that. And it's really, I think that's one of the, that everybody should see. I heard you talking about the books. But I went to the Paul and the immigration Paul is up there. I couldn't find the book Paul. Well, that's because I, we don't even want forever. When you least expect that I do a quick change. You know, I don't like to learn to get to a steal. I guess you have to keep us all on our toes. It's like Matsum. You can't let me steal. That's true. You'll have a great, you took your back to you. You took your back to you. Yeah. As he's in Pisa. There were thousands of TV votes and that's because I put it on there about five, six last night. Because we had almost a thousand on the other one. And plus we didn't like the one about the vote. Anyway, the audience hated it. I hated it. We don't read books. Okay. We're dumb. And we're fun. And we're, we're happy about that. They're making a lot of read books. What? They make a sleepy. Right. We didn't book, we want to fall asleep. And in Georgia's case, when he gets home, he wants to fall asleep real fast. Oh, that's not about him. Yeah. To save the pain. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. He walked to an award when he started already. They're going to be great. They're going to be so good. Why is that a rare, or a posh man? What is that thing? It's greenfields by the brothers for him. I actually cranked that baby up again. I'll come to the record. Let's get that folk music out again. W W K U M. Hello. Two A M. I will. Yes, sir. Two A M. You started talking about three fields. I went out to a public and got it. And it's absolutely fantastic. Okay. And I've gone back in fact when I first started buying it. It was a, and the babies buy it at $0.0. $0.0. Yeah. Anyway, it's great stuff. And thanks for recommending it. Okay. Good luck to you. Pal, favor. Good be in from it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And he will, by the way. Just keep eating that stuff. Man, it'll make you as regular as an alarm clock. Oh, gosh. I'm telling you. Got lots of extra fiber in it. It's dang good stuff. Yeah. As you know, I still haven't got the elbows. Although I got white elbows. I should share some of that new to gene on my elbows. Should that exfoliate. Hmm? No, that new to gene. We were waiting for that. Good stuff. As well. Here's all these products we keep breathing about. Of course, they're not sponsored. Nothing like that. But I kind of like sit, like sitting on my sofa. Yeah. I think of my own universe. 5, 6, 7, it's just, it's just so, it makes you want to just bite your tongue into the blood starts to pertain down your chin just like a horror only do. So I mean, that's really the day. Just want to scream. What do we do? It's not for the whole. Yeah. Like I said, I had a good chat with Joan. He's a good guy and I'll add the adiada. He inherited a mess and the adiada. That's what goes. Yeah. And Greg keeps his showing up too much and we're not too happy about that. Yeah. Adiada. I agree with that. I want to see a Greg, you're out. You're gone. Go away. Don't keep showing up there. Go to the, uh, where, where your arms used to be. Go to the Royal Castle there. Just hang out. Wait for Wayne to be open. Do we ever hear any more about that? I get it. No, I'm waiting. I'm going to hold my Broadway this point because we're supposed to be in January. Come on. Wait, Arnold, if you're listening, call in and give us an up chuck and update. I'm what's going on in your hood. W2A, 2A, I'm hello. No. Yes, sir. How are you doing, buddy? I'll ride, pal. I don't know if it's just me, maybe I'm being paranoid or whatever. But I got to believe the guy is from these plastic companies that are selling it. The public are calling you and getting free advertising. Yeah, right. I'm telling you, it just seems like, you know, they're more they, I actually don't get it. Forget it. It's a good idea. If I were in the plastic business and I could get the number one star in South Florida. Talk about it, I would. Right. Do you want to be right? Maybe I'm wrong. We love you, buddy. Okay. Good day. Thank you. Shmuck. The fact of the matter is, I'm diabetic. Okay, in case you haven't noticed that, and I've been looking for something like this for about 100 years. And I'm tossed as probably my favorite food in the world. And I haven't been able to eat it for like 18 years except to achieve once a mile. Like when I go to Italy and my blood sugar goes soaring up to like 4,500. That's the bottom line, Shmuck. See, that's what you get from South Florida. You try to do something. No, nobody is on the take. I don't need the extra cash, okay. I don't know if I'm depending on how much it would be. That would be interesting. No, nobody's offering to give me any Schmierme under the table or even on top of the table. Shmuck. And that's what you get. All that we didn't have the one other guy. And then we had the guy earlier. Well, what's that called? Oh, God. And where do I get a publish? Did you ever hear that TUBLI X as an x-rated? Like that one spot were planned. What, look at that. Get a life. Get anyway. Let's screw on. Scrum all. Maybe they all die from some horrible thing to hell with them. What's your take on the like that hank thing that business about, oh, what's your blood sugar? I don't know. But my doctors, I mean, it's quit being like helpless, okay? Help us. I'm going to sound like Kim Weston. Help us. I love that. I even got that. Oh, I love that. In fact, there's somebody who didn't rich Shawson at to me one time. I think he did. Maybe. Oh, he's done work. That was an IOD. He sent me help us by Kim Weston. Oh, God is that a great song. But that, you know, you got to take charge of your own health if you care about staying alive. But I guess he doesn't care about that. Maybe he saw those numbers. Speaking of numbers, we got a thousand 82 votes on the pool. What's your take on the legal immigrants? The port all illegal's now. 382. But there's a little of a million. We don't care. I agree with that. I don't know if you got to get that. If you can't control your borders, I haven't seen this for like 25 years now. 26 years since that, Mary Ellen Nightmare. If you can't can't have any control of your borders, what kind of security, and of course, that was long before 911. And we're supposedly all whipped up about homeland security. Well, what kind of security we got when you can't control your stick and borders, as your hero, Lou Dobbs would say. Day after day after that, I've worked hard to him. Deport all the legal's now 382. Just to shut up Lou Dobbs. Only the port Cubans, 273, 273 people are very, very bigoted against your people, who are very narrow-minded. A lot of deport all the Cubans, even the cute ones. Too many already here, grant them annesty 184. Yeah, see that's like, like Hank, it's like throwing in the towel, giving up. Why do I just give up? Go to the doctor once every couple of months, he'll take your sugar and say, Oh yeah, you're still alive. Hey Doc, how do I feel? Oh you're okay. Build a wall on the Mexican US border 127. I hate this poll 81 only letting Cubans 35 out of a thousand maybe two. 1126 and 56, you got any QA. Do you brush pattern? Uh-huh. Oh, I'm sorry, did you think they should already get some permission to tell me? With my wife, took a band and reached matcha ballast. They wish to congratulate every king and we had 28. I went to Javelanda on another payment told me you know what? She had to bring the coupon to my meeting glasses. I had to remind her why her mask is racist. If we're changing over the Canada, the Pentecostal, fighting at a top like a meditation pudding, she sent a machine in a bowl who seems a bit and standing here all better, but he replied to you, I bet he connects a lot for a  be less than she is on your tune in daily and she becomes good. esgi pad schnell gel This album have a little bit of a majority Mike That Tekken is a Great Drain, great Navy is great change between me and I'm sure he has made great economic development I said I should bring a barris per Napoleon apart. And should only expect no waste from what they thought were his father. And I might head and decide to turn a bear right here. I can go right now. I'll stand here. We must use a garbage and a dead apple of rubbish to make a bag go to the vintage account. I wish you should buy a vintage home in a place, I said try the kitchen and line how to cook. Not that I should replace the animal's kitchen. It takes home a guinea pig out of the rice soup. It takes home a guinea pig out of the rice soup. There are basically no colors to talk shows anymore. But what we get are performers. There. There are atmosphere performers. They all have their little stick and they all figure it out. They draw it out on a diaphragm ahead of time. And it's a third dialing and dialing and dialing and ringing. Yeah, until you get on an informal shift. You know, for all the work to go into it, you think they'd come up with a double. Yeah, well, I give them the boinshow. We have the bombshow. The boinshow. We're going them off with it. That's something to do now. I'll do the bombshow. Yeah, I'm sure you will. Now I'm serious. I'm doing a show from now on. 114 votes on the poll. But we're having a duty. I knew we would be on this topic. Of course, that's why I put it around here because a lot of you are just full of hate. Send them back where they came from. Like that. Unless, of course, they're a hot and they're a cooperative. Hot and horny and the cooperative. I don't know about those Mexicans, though. So if heavy. See, there's this theory. And I don't have never, I have never had any feelings with any Mexican. I know of any beers. No. Never seen a Mexican. No, I've seen him. No, I don't know. Like a close and personal. I don't think so. I don't know any Mexicans view. No, but I've shot any Mexicans. I don't think so. No. The Netherlands down here. There's a lot of Mexican. So I was with a lot of Mexican. Yeah. You did? Oh, yeah. And were they cooperative? No. What about the girl? That's a mood point. You don't want to go there, girlfriend. Really? What does that mean? With all the respect. It's a versatile country. But the ones that we get over here are Indians. Oh, you put it on the Indians again? I would not do it now. I just went to bad for you. Would you all be able to answer that? I told him he's going to have a sit down with you. I think it's a... I don't know. I can't even sit down like Joe Ratio. He had it all. Oh, and by the way, you got to mention this. What? Yeah. Last time I'm channel surfing in between hockey games and between the elites losing an overtime and a pants losing error, at least in the shootout. And anyway, there's a movie called loose change on. I think it was IFC. I'm not sure. Okay. And it's not the loose change that documentary that we got on our website. It's a movie. It's a Vegas kind of movie. And the nearest in it in Joe Pesci. And it's just, oh. So, if anybody is confusing that movie, of course we are getting paid to put that on there. That's right. Yeah. Big back to the jackass. So, yeah. We're getting the smeared to put stuff on our website. You know something? See, that's the only problem. I've never had to make that this in because nobody's ever offered me a dime. Right. Not a dime to pitch anything. But that's typical. That's maybe the exact same. Oh, of course I did. You know, like, well, we suspect we're suspicious of your motivation. No big deal of a dream. Oh, that's your name. For nice down here. Right. No, of course. You can't be nice to be. Can't be helpful to people. That's a good thing. It's like, oh, you're not going to take for that. Right. What a jackass. Of course he sounded like his dog probably just left him. What? 560, 560. I just was taken aback for a moment there. Okay. And pound five 60 in the Verizon and singular. I hope you weren't watching CNN for a moment. No, no, no, no. Oh, good. Tell me. Can you cue me a hand? Hello. Bonjour. Please, up to the moment. Oh, yeah. I'm curious. Yeah, I'll get Mr. Neel. Yes. Do you want to kick that past up one little notch? Try taking some garlic and crushing it and putting the water when you boil it. Really? Yeah, that has a little Zen to it. Kick it up on it. It's like like a emerald, huh? Yeah. Bam. Oh, that was not a bam. It was a boy. He got boyd on. Now, this is a testimony here. I'll donate six predator. I'll make sure is this warning. Come, which allowed anyone who knew my codename to send me a present without requiring a present. Oh, this is about the internet. I thought maybe it was about the aprecious to get. Because I'm sure the priest was sure like him. How many QAM? Hello. Hello, Neil. I know why I do. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm listening to you for a long time. Is it possible when I started listening to you you were on a Saturday, Saturday? Possible? Does it make a difference? I never on a showbiz. Is that the idea? No, I just wanted to figure out how long it's been. About 40. About 30 minutes? Yeah. I still have a life. Well, good for you, pal. I'm glad I had a life. I had a life. Sorry, I'm by the way. No, I know. I'm sure that was the good stuff that he was about to get to. Explain to me how to set up an account on PayPal.com and instant online money payment system. As excited about the $50. Think it'll be in a priori. The time is a huge sum of money. One of the more dollars. One of the lucky men who the procedure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's bad. What exactly did he do to me? I don't know, but he's certainly not like no little punk anymore. How old were you said I could? He's not about 18. What's what I'm saying? He's going to pants him on what exactly. No, I don't want to. We don't want to go there. I don't want to go there. Look at that. I'm sorry. I changed my mind. Going off on CNN. That is bad. He's old enough. WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. I'm a criminal. People. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes. No. No. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes. I just want to tell you, I got here at CB in the mail yesterday. It's absolutely wonderful. Yeah, two-band-lvd's vionom. It's Shane. I really great. Very good. So, a young guy listened to you since a little kid. I think you're wonderful. Just had to calm down. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great life. Okay, there we go. 1110 votes on a poll man. That's pretty impressive to me. If you ask me, we got Doug Thompson got a good comment. Wack much worse off before we were then before we liberated. Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill. Yeah. Well, he's a car. He. Well, I was going to let him in. But there's article. I'm so inspired to read this. Although I was inspired to read the one yesterday. What was that one that somebody sent me about? What was it about? The one I was so name-picked from the Guardian. Yeah, from the Guardian. That's exactly the one about the F-word in the FCC. Remember that? Yeah, I got it over here. The big chill of the sensor. Yes. That was that guy had his thumb right in it. Like the guy with the cherry pie. It was a little boy blue cent in the courier of his thumb in it. So, thank you, Ian. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you know a DJ or a talk show host from the old Wack TV named Something Sheldon or Sheldon? Sheldon? No, Leonard. No, I never heard of anybody named Sheldon. Sydney Sheldon. Sydney Sheldon? No, I never heard of anybody, but I know. No, it's not. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. My chain. It took me to his home. There was sexually molested by kin for what would prove to be first of many times by him. Good. Another detail. How about your print? And he's going to get a coin drop here in a second, right on CNN. And new dobs will cover with a blanket. Somebody QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good. I know you probably don't care because you're up there. I know how to your audience doesn't care, man. But I just had to call this vent. I'm really pissed off at the politicians down here. It's going to allow our baseball team to go to a different city. Oh, I'm getting ready. Our colleagues. This is Greg Co. Text Jr. Our fellow things are going to allow them as opposed to like handing out and building the stadium. We want it. We want it. You know, something that public doesn't give a crap. We're not going to spend any tax money to build a stadiums from all time. billionaire is okay. Screw them. That color is going to pay for it. Yeah. Especially after air in the same old song in 87 under the previous owner under Wayne Park Mark Wayne, they win a world serious. And then he has to fire a seal. And he expressed people to pay like a big price to go. Yeah. The same thing with a panther's man is anybody forgetting about that. We're moving. We're moving. And then of course he got lucky. They had that one fan to me or they got hot just at the right time and to play off. And they went to the couple finals got swept by Colorado. No, let's put never less with exciting year. And that that gave him the impetus to suck the taxpayers into building that thing and brow. That's all for his benefit. And the panthers. Then he unloads the team to this rocket scientist we got. And I'm going to tell you something right now. And you can mark it now. Yeah. I mean, I'm in a mind and decide they want to build this facility. I will not play here. Yeah, right. Because I will not hand my eyes. Looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something. So they go ahead and they build your way to a great expense. And in the meantime, guess what? And they made the playoffs in that building once one time. And lost I think in five to what? No, they lost in four straight to the levels. They got swept. And the history of the franchise, they made the playoffs exactly three times. And yes, they're putting in a very impressive run this in two late, two little, two late now. They've won either the last 10. They're still not going to make the playoffs again. Ain't going to happen. They got seven games left. Not going to happen. And all this crap of a little. I'm up so with Republicans. Never again, baby. Never again. Never spending more public tax might ability. Damn stadiums. Everybody in the brother. Oh, we got to have a new stadium. We got to have sky boxes. We got to have a retractable roof. Yeah, retractable roof. $600 million. The taxpayers here helped to subsidize the Stigon sky dome. Which is now the Rogers Center named after me. And I'm embarrassed named after Rogers cable in the, whatever. And whatever their other crap is, why couldn't they just call it the Rogers sky dome? Wouldn't that would have passed if I'd ever hit any rate? They just, they bought it. Rogers bought the sky dome for $25 million. $700 million. $6,700 million. The taxpayers put it to bill. And it turned into a white elephant. And they was sold for 25 minute. You do the math is the idiot say. Do the math. Why do I have to get any of that preposterian? This is an old Roger. Come and wash the bottom of my shirt, man. How many cases have I heard of man? It's day back. You're my every child. That's five six. Oh, WQA. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. We can answer each other, and we can answer each other. What, we can answer each other. Never mind. When I felt it's a dollar card. I felt it's a dollar card. Why, what? That's what all people deserve! Not this Exhausted Man, or this Exhausted Man. That's a dollar card! That's a dollar card! That's a dollar card! I told her all of the jobs that fell down under iron art division. I want to thank you all. I got all the jacket. It's my fault. We'll fuck it all. We shall go now in my final fight. I'm gonna fight you. I'm gonna fight you. I'm gonna fight you. I'm gonna fight you. I'm gonna fight you. I want to fight you. I want to fight you. I want to fight you. I want to fight you. I want to fight you. Just in very he's 20. I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, just until I'm gonna listen to your grief. He's an American known for erotic performances on the internet. His performances were no more than because he was underage at the time he was 16. And the process of operating his for pay sites. He met a number of subscribers in real life. Later reported that he was molested by them. I see. No one for his erotic performances on the internet. Well, if he was doing erotic things on the internet. What kind of people did he expect he was going to mean? I don't want to see he was like nah, he brain-thing like that. Or see those people that took advantage of him. Or he thought of what I'm saying? Yeah. But nevertheless. And all you people out there with your computers and all your kids got only knows what they're doing on those PCs. Let me tell you right now. Including you. God only knows. Especially your wife. What's he's doing on there? I probably spend it by money. I'm not sure. Oh well, he said she don't have to spend a lot of time doing that because it's probably because It's like the beeslees. Oh, I don't have it because it means she won't spend it. Oh, she'll try anyway. 560, 560, 560, the Verizon singular wireless. Let me have a controversial show today about the colors from the past. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, I can't wait to. Damn. WKOM, hello. Yes, sir. You did something. Why not? They're going home. See you want me to blow you off. We're here at your heart. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Wait in the call. And there he is. What's going on, Wayne? How tell you, me. I want you to sign the wave of the... We met a lot of problems. Yeah. We met a lot of problems where the city... Yeah. Oh, I see. When I saw you said, we used... I thought I'd leave you right there. You said something other than the city. Well, no. Why's your language new way? You got a party mouth. There you have, you know. There we go. You know, a lot of extra stuff that I... Yeah, I knew George was access by here. Yeah, I was sure he said something about it. And I agree with him. Okay. It's a terrible situation. But anyway, I've just... Where the new contract today, and they see that the structural engineer are able to... Larry, you have to plan. Because now I have to comply with all the ADA stuff with my restrooms. So it's turned into... I'm going to have to make some... ...since changes in the structural and on the inside. Yeah. So we... We feel we're going to be able to do it. But it could be three, four months now. Well, whatever you will, uh, just keep us posted. I haven't forgotten in our room. I'm keeping in the mirror. Is up here on the table, man, to Canada. And I'll take care of you. And you're...you're...you're the greatest family. That's me. That's me. That's me. Keep us posted. Yes, sir, fine. Hang in there. Good luck. There's poor way in our little man. A little fire there. And we're all cancel. And people keep calling us well. We just drove by there. Don't know what you just got through here. And he's having trouble with the city. Yeah, I'm hoping we'll not see it very clear. Yes, it is. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Come on, maybe even get boin. I can call all your friends about it. I got boin down the knee or I'd just show. Probably be a, you know, kind of thing. You know, we have it on your tombstone. Yeah, the least on your tombstone pizza. But the boy, the so much better. And instead of the virgin Mary, I beg your pardon. We have that gone, son, but the boy. No, I like this. That's better. You can even get a double. Sunder boin, if you're like really bad. Come in to QA, and hello. QA, and... QA, and hello. Hey, you know, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm glad that guy, and I'm not going to harp on it. But you called about you. Hey, you're not allowing the politicians to go this team, go. You know, so it's the one thing about that. I look at Facebook and I don't even care if the team goes. It's secondly, it should be a positive problem anymore. But it's tax payer dollars. Because if one Republican excuse me, one more time about cutting taxes. Why they try to tell you to pay your taxes for a base. I'm going to puke. And if one Democrat came, let's have a better breakfast tax. And let's get that money to raise teacher salaries. Nobody would vote for it. But if it's too advanced, they'll go in and vote for it. So the double standards are not going to vote for it. You know what I said? There's not going to be any election now. Because they know they're going to get trow as dairy pass shows. The public overwhelming, 70, 80, 90% of going to vote against it. That's amazing. The city's finally going to vote against it. Because like you know, it pushed us like fool me once. Shame on you know, whatever. Shame on somebody. Shame on somebody. And listen to another thing. I closed my house in the company. I'm going to be putting my house up for sale. I'm going to be moving to Italy. All right. All right. So I'm doing a lot of internet now. I'd like to. I'd like to. I'd like to. Are you good? I'm there. I'll come and say what you're child. I'll come and say what you're child. I'll come and say what you're child. I'll come and say what you're child. I'll come and say what you're in. Come upon you. I think like that. He's moving to Italian. Well, guy with a brain actually. There's a sea. Once in a great while I told you, once in a great while you take it off of these. You don't have to like. I'll see. What's the great. Well, I'm fascinated by this thing that I'm watching here. Well, I'll probably just reasoned. But I mean, I just I don't understand. He was doing a thing online. He known for erotic performances online. And he met all these purverts. I mean, all these foreign guys. What is that? What do you think they were going to do? Like take them off for a cup of tea or something? They met a taken in per quick trip to the tea room, but not for a cup of tea. You know what? What was it talking about? I guess kids are naive, huh? Well, make sure your kids aren't naive. He's he's gay and he sees the party. Get out of here. He's gay in my ass. Oh, listen to a talk. You know, some little. Yeah. So what was that? So in other words, he deserves it. Is that the message because maybe he's gay? No, no, no. No, no. He was a molested by people. He wanted to be like a lot after him. No, no, no. No, no. He wasn't molested by anybody. He didn't want to be molested by anybody. Oh, good. How do you know that? Because I don't know that. I don't know that. I'm afraid of what's next purpose. So Mr. Expert over here. He created it and arrived at a hook on drugs. I took him to Mexico. He saw those illegal aliens. He'll mine up at the blue dog tonight. Yeah. He'll be bullying on the other dog show tonight. Where's my bio-win? I'll be watching. I'll be glued to the screen. I'll bet. I will be. I'll take good care of him. Nothing. The guy was 16 for Christ. He's 20 now. Yeah. He's 20. He's legal. He has great value. But at 16, you know the way of the land. Right. That's why I'm not just getting to say anything. There you go. So what do you think? I don't know what this is. We all about. So I Google it because, you know, for obvious reasons. And I hear, I was shocked to find that. No one for is he Roddick for four years. I never heard of it. I come now. I didn't get to see that. Well, you just type in the right thing. You're going to do that. I don't know. Look. I like I told you many times. Okay. I like a hands-on experience. I'm not into here sitting here. That's one of these small creatures. Look in the images on, you know, 1146 of hosts. And I'm too old to waste my time. What's your take on illegal immigrants? Deport all of the deals now, 412. Now you're talking. By you're talking. But it's a love meeting. Good. We'll pack them all of the millions. Yeah, get back to the battle. I want to work to do it. Only to put Cubans, 281. That's disgraceful. I can't imagine why I wouldn't even put that on me. Other than I knew a good big number. And so I could chastize those people. Only to put old upIgreen tooth Cubans. Too many already here grant them amnesty, 18.7% Though the wall around the MXCOS border, 135, I hate this pool 88 and only letting Cubans 38, 3.3% 38. I wonder who those people are who said that. Probably people that want to do Cubans, the lower than 46 votes on a pool. How do you like that? Our goal was like 500. I got this tile, I got some great stuff in here, very important stuff, moving portante, but I'm so fast that he calls now. So I got this moving too Italy, just closed on a housing company. I'd rather be in lots of you, myself. Where's that Latvia? Lots of you. I'd rather be in Roma. Oh, that was once upon a time, now Roma is so like steel as last year's monster. How many Cubans have you sent for the food? Two of them are even last, like a fairies. How many Cubans are you in? Two of them are from the same family. It sounds just like me to me. I haven't sent any different to any long time. There you go. Any other great show. You were talking to the other day about how to work crumbly in front. Of course you do. Jackie Lee, I want to eat it. How about dare goes ban by the police? Okay, bye bye. I hope they want to Jackie Lee's boyfriend. Jackie Lee and Moe, they're the same person. How many Cubans? Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking. This is Neil. This is me. That's hard. Neil, good. Oh, no, I know it's you. No, I know it's you. Okay, what do you got, pal? Let's go. Let's quit with a full play. It's a short show. What do you got? A deserved off-bank capitalist. Yeah, happy pace off. Thank you. Okay, that's it. That he had no money. Sir, first Jewish, you bomb. 560, 560, pound 560, Verizon, cigarette, wireless line. You're speaking in Lays, pal. Look at him, young boy. What is it? Used asa. How many Cubans? Tramumbles. Oh, what's this? In Lays, legit. This is an offensive Duck Back of Hell. intimidation Exponents and s. No, you know, a lot of money. Oh stop it go back to your little circle of friends. There's a word missing and everybody can't say it. Okay, jerk get out of here Sitting around the old Christmas tree. It's only the fourth April now. We got the Christmas tree and are all sitting around or maybe the maple They're sitting around remember and squeeze sit around a maple I think they're sitting around the gay pole Somebody's anyway Four minutes till noon we got guilty at two actually these people are all worked up<|sq|>ers this is new This is by Profited this portion of the new rotters in 12 door one hour, is wroteee all by Liquid in 12 one to four by six UnitOnepen 11 12 Cicy stt Oh, right, you fair. If you just got bad today, that jerk, to you who used to play. Like nobody else, man, in any way. The man has killed me, Jerry Jones, the crazy boy. The back to clown, the boy's going down. I said, the boys are back to clown. There's noise in Dallas, Dallas. You know that jerk who used to dance a lot. Every time I got the end over the start, the end of his sock. It's man, he thought he was cool, but he was really not. What a joke that's ever low in. And that's time that the cowboy's plays. When he or dad fell a little girl, what if the sprays. Then, I'm a grand, over and got in his space. And now he thinks they won't forget it. The boys are back to clown, the boys are going down. I said, the boys are back to clown. There's noise in Dallas, Dallas. That's it. She owes me, I can ride. There's a ego is in Dallas. The boys are back to clown. The boys are going down. Well, speaking of that, you'll be really slow. Jason's been baptized and he's found Jesus. There you go. That the way it works, everything's fine now. Now he can really find out what abuse is all about. It's about 0-1-5-60WQAM. It's the blind show. Each yard out truck bear and bear us. I got the duck Thompson common. I got one of the so good. It's just shocking. War of theft from those who hunger by Gilbert, Jordan. It's by Gilbert. I knew he'd sooner or later come through for us. Hitler. The whole pile of reading important stuff. Barbecue meat, Sinclair, prostate cancer. You don't need that barbecue. You better tell Joe Bell or Quiddit and that's the barbecue. That's his favorite. Well, the throw with him. The link with prostate cancer. Oh, damn. Yeah. A compound form when meat is charred at high temperatures as in Bobby Q. Encourages to growth of prostate cancer in rats. The study for I'll add I want to do the whole thing now. I'm going to take a whole bunch of these good call. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, how are you today? Okay, sir. Good. I just had an experience a couple of weeks ago on our little Nazi share of Ken Jenny is robbing the people. I'm my hip replacement to year ago. And I missed a couple of child support payments. I've made them for five years straight. I missed two of them. So I go to court and the guys who were wanting to make these payments. I'm paying my own bills. I'm buying a smart thing to get. Make them right now. So where do I end up? I end up in Fri and jail. Yeah. Well, don't do it again. Just pay them money. Get the derelict. Five, six, seven. What do we care about that? Okay. We don't want to hear your song story. Just pay the money. Okay. You sound like the beesleas. Now, pay the money. Get the phone. We're working again. I got to pay for my kids. I'm surprised that he's fallen. He also damn good things. These people should kiss their phone. No, we got to any calls today. And believe me. They've been so good. We kiss it too. Because the way the beesleas operate, I mean, you know that isn't just by accident, that the thing keeps getting chopped off and you can't facts me stuff. And we got, what is that? I mean, just unbelievable the way these people operate. Oh, come on. Come on. Like a mom and pop convenience store at this place. Now, like a stock market listed corporation, you people are going to be joking over there, huh? My God. WCWM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How's your auto? Great. Never be a man. The son is shining. Awesome man. I haven't caught him in a long long time. I've been in the police. Yes. Actually, I've been in the office for a bit. Get the head of your, uh, down the air. I heard you just moved up there. Just want to call, say, love you, show. Thanks, pal. I'll write that. Say it down under. Okay. There you go. You're asked for my straw. You see anybody with a brain to get out of there? Unless they're like trapped like a prisoner in Zend if you're trapped there. I can't misarrate with you. Okay. But my God, what a place. And you hear it. This show. Let me say again. This is the mirror of soft photo. And here we get great code text rights. I stupid column, which I didn't even look at. And I don't read his crap. But Tom, we're told me about it. Oh, the politician's shame on them. They don't want to build a state. We're going to let them marlins get away. We know what? We'll pack his limey sandwich out of way out. David Samson. You and your buddy, Jeffrey, Loria. With your millions and billions. Okay. We want it. We want it. I go somewhere else and get it. Go to San Antonio and suck the blood of those poor. And they're not going to give it to you either. Tax pairs. They're not going to give any money to dream in. And San Antonio, talk us. Forget about it. I mean, these people all like with their hat, their hand. You know, please, please. Yeah. I got news for those guys out missing any meals. Same crap or a wean left off. The same old deal, you know. Actually, I thought they played a pretty good game for opening that. Of course, I'm 12 pitch last night, right? Until later on. Yes, you did. Yeah. You want to give up one hit, I believe. I don't know about that, but he pitched great. He pitched scoreless five. The interesting part. They had the Houston telecast. I'm thank God. They didn't have that awful rich wall sconeer. Without the horses hit. Well, I listen to rich because I'm down here. I'm just telling you on my cable on my package. Yeah. It was the Houston telecast. Thanks God. And they said the atmosphere was like, I'm almost like a playoff game. Now why the hell would that have been? Because it was one nothing. It was exciting. I don't know who are exciting game. It was very tense. A lot of attention. A place was packed. It was opening night. And the Houston. Of course, the defending champs. Although, you know, the the astros. They just go all the way. You know, they just, they just, they just, they're something there. You get swept by the white socks. The tiny moreth going. Is it by the pale hose? The white socks. Oh my God. The red socks two years ago. And then the white socks. Maybe it'll be the black socks this year. When I'm 19, I'm sure you do this. Like what he has today. The black socks scandal. Oh yeah, all the time. You read about that. I read about it on the funny papers. A little before my time. Cover your QA and hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm liking that. I'm liking that. What's with your QA and hello? There's a start 60. Five 60, WQA, that's it. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. You know, all the famous C-Crap. You know, with the aliens and everything else. And this D-My-A. So, K-Centamacco, they keep it. No, no, no, no, let's say, listen, let's just let him get a job. We're going to go. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What they need to do is, right now. What they need to do is, they want to end the year they want to laugh. Five 60, 70, 50, 50, 60, and the Verizon SIGGETA, right in the lines. Do you think I'm going to listen to that? WQA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm the funniest thing. What does that come from? Colors from the past. There's nothing like that. Some Jack-A. WQA, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. How old have you gotten just at the click of a finger you get Clemens on there so fast? What do you mean by that? A couple of days ago, you were just having to have him in the regular conversation and something with the Godfather came up. And all of a sudden, just all of a sudden, he heard Clemens right away. How's that guy going to go? I think they could always. Just like that. It's got Clemens in his ass. Yeah. You just got over it. No, my ass isn't that big. Like magic, pal. Why don't we try something like that? Why don't we try something like that? I'm going to try something like that. I'm going to try something like that. I'm going to try something like that. Just like old bus to Brown Show, plunk your magic twinger frog in. I plucked my magic twinger. Give me $1. I've got to get to some nice stuff right now. These people, like I said, they got their own little axe and their practice and now for the last time. They've seen Dana Bass on CNN. She's doing a senior one system with that mouth. She is really. She's really. She's not human. She's even worse than Conno or Condor Leesor. Conno lizard. Doug Thompson says he racked much worse off than before we. And it quotes liberated. It's liberated and quotes. A little sarcastic there. In 1980, while we're Reagan's chances to once each of you, Carter improved dramatically when he asked one civil question Americans during a debate, are you better off now than you were four years ago? With inflation running ramp, and Americans held hostage in a ran and mortgage rates at 18%, the answer for the masses came back a resounding. No. Today, if you ask the average Iraqi to send question to get to same answer. Four years ago, Iraqis enjoyed electricity, and most of their homes walked the streets abacked that without fear, and as long as they stayed out of the crosshairs of Saddam Hussein's campaign of terror led relatively normal lives. More Americans for capital died from crime in our streets and from crime in Iraq. Not so today. Fewer homes at Iraq have electrical tower now than before the US invasion in 2003. Iraqi civility and Zion city streets every day victims of a growing war between the occupying forces of the US and the insurgents of our much better way to more than American soldiers. Instead of liberating Iraq, we've driven a deeper into poverty and spirit danger. Instead of bringing freedom to the nation, we've brought anarchy, death and disruption. Pulse of Iraqi citizens show their angry at the US for what they see as the destruction of their nation. I've talked recently with an actual cardsman, home on leave. Oh, don't tell me an actual guard was over there. He says Americans are hated despised and feared by those who are opposed to a liberated. We work with that interpreter in Iraqi faces of retaliation from the insurgents for helping the military, and told me recently that Iraq would be better off today if we had never invaded their country, and if we'd left Saddam Hussein and power said the grudgment, the West that is not used because he fears retaliation by his commanding officers if he opens his mouth. If what he says is true, then why are we there? Why have friends of mine died he asked? Why indeed? With the majority of Americans not believing President Bush lied to justify his invasion of Iraq, and an even large majority saying the invasion wasn't a mistake. The question should be, how many more must die Iraqi and American before this country admits it was wrong before they get the gong? Saddam Hussein was a dictator in a vest, but there's no doubt about that. He killed thousands of pound thousands of his own people in periodic purges, but Americans have proven themselves capable of atrocities. On March 15, near Balad, Iraqi police reported American forces used helicopters to drop troops on the house of Fais, Harad Kalaf situated in the obbo's seat of the village of the Ashaki district. The American forces gathered the family members in one room and executed 11 people, including five children, four women in two men, then they bombed the house, burned three vehicles and killed their animals. The report continued, octopsies revealed that all the victims had bullet shots in their head and all bodies were handcuffed. In a detail late last year on November 15, Marines carried out revenge after an insurgent bomb attack on U.S. force, a nine-year-old survivor of that massager told Tom magazine, first they went into my father's room where he was reading the coroner with her shots. I couldn't see their faces very well under gung sticking of the doorway. I walked some shoot my grandfather first in the chest and then in the head, then they killed my granny. The Marines killed 15 Iraqis, including Moon and Children, the Pentagon said they were insurgents but no connection with the insurgents he was ever established. Because of incidents like this many Iraqis feel America has an occupying force is no better than Saddam, or other butchers in their history. Illinois Congressman Richard Durbin originally compared American fighters to Nazi, Soviet-Senir Gulag, or some mad regime, poor pot or others that had no concern for human beings. In March of the Iraqi Civilian's died on the way to 75 a day, in war over a victory is measured by a perception and attrition, America may have already lost. I think the calculation on the part of the insurgency now is that if this gets into a war of attrition and significant civil conflict, they've defeated the U.S. any house that Anthony Court has been an expert on the Iraq conflict at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington. The world has always had its dictators and many still exist today in places like North Korea and China, even our so-called allies in the Middle East like Saudi Arabia or Dubai are nowhere near the kind of Western style of democracies the U.S. is trying to ram down Iraq's throats. Iraq posed no immediate threat to the U.S. we know that now, as suspect our elected leaders knew it before the invasion, but chose to withhold that information from the American people, Congress and our allies. Such conduct is considered criminal in most civilized societies, but America seems to be a civilized place a long time ago. A civilized society doesn't torture civilians or massacre women and children. America is a bully and international thought that uses fear lies and deceit to advance the personal agenda of its leaders. Bullies don't deserve respect, bullies don't deserve the benefit of the doubt. Bullies are beneath contempt. And unfortunately, as long as Americans tolerate the despotic rule of George W. Bush, we share the responsibility for the shame our leadership has brought upon a one-sGreat nation called the U.S. A. You got this finger right in there, baby. Doug Thompson. You're going to like give him what for if he don't watch it. Remember that little problem he had a couple weeks ago? New betcha. They're not too pleased with his hands. They have no hands. Yeah, that's right. They have aesol. I talked 13 at 5.60 WQA. Oh my God, your breath is beautiful. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. Oh, my God. Bush is in the ring. Do I do no magic? I'm not a part of that. I'm a part of that. I'm a part of that. I'm another average terrorist, Mr. May. Yeah. I'm a part of that. I'm a part of that. I'm a part of that. I'm a part of that. Who I do need a cat god? What the hell did we do? Don't keep this wide of reality. In the dark, do so, shall we see the boy? She's a boy. Give me the fish in the light, and also the time where she's a boy. But she's a boy. A person's boy. She's all I've got to be. Who are hold to wait? Stop who told this man. She was back who said we should be bullied. She said we should be bullied. A whole wedding, a few people. What are you doing? She said we should be bullied. She said we should be bullied. A gadget who is bullied. Watch it, watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. See. Thataway is. Prediction work. It's your dog's dog, so Foxy kids in the real kids are the one whom she died. I liked a lot of dogs came in. Watch it. a little presumptuous as David is it maybe it'll be hated by fans? Yeah, that's right. They can lose on-regains for other fans to buy the tickets for it to be subsidized by. And lose money for another radio stage. So, I guess. Right. That's right. We're going to lose Boku Bucks on a Marlins this year too. Again, just like in 88, after they won a World Series the first time, I remember where they were, I don't remember what the outcome was, but I remember they had a sue way to try to get the broadcast fees right to reduce because they put like, you know, they had a fire sale, the first one. And put a minor league no content rate team out there on the field. And how these people are doing the same thing again. The worst was to be pleased about that. But please, it's just another way of, you know, try to suck the public into like building an stadium and then screw you guys, just like wainted with the panthers. No low content rate man, very, very sad. And by the way, we want to do no one I can carry Roberts back. Nice going John Ferguson, Jr. you idiot. 1198 votes on the pool. What's your take out a legal? I'm not going to read it. It's embarrassing. The correct answer is deport all the legal's now. That's a correct answer. So you need to know. Right. So what I voted. Now if you like the article by Doug Thompson, here's one of the best articles and it's written by Gilbert. No, not that one. Gilbert Jordan. What if he's can do a Mark Jordan? Number Mark Jordan? Who? Nope. Well, any time I give you a name that you don't know is probably some old harness driver. Or Gilbert Jordan, you have a type of professor where you listen to this very important. And we're time professor English from unrocommunity college in Rochester, New York, and anti-war activist, Ragtime, piano player and full-time landscape artist. Gilbert Jordan from Rochester, see there a right across the lake. Hi, don't govert. War of theft from those who hunger. Seven years ago, I read about a person commiserating with this friend about a serious medical diagnosis. How bad is it he inquired? Well, let's put it this way. I've stopped flossing. Then anecdote is a perfect analogy for the Quackmire we find ourselves in on the recently observed third anniversary of our invasion of Iraq. That work choice not an assistive is a mild post in our growth as an imperial power. It's an actual outcome of a half-century increased militarization. Tamal would grow to accept the idea that a substantial portion of our resources must be devoted from human needs to build a military force invincible to challenge. As is well documented in the new film Why We Fight. And with the guy called in about that, yes, right? The correct militarization of America had its roots in the Second World War. The film focuses on why it has now reached 61 farewell speech to the nation at the end of his eight-year presidency. Any remarkable pressure warning he told Americans that for the first time in our history, we produced a permanent arms industry and that we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. Our 12 resources in life that are all involved, so as the very structure of our society, said, What Eisenhower saw 45 years ago has missed that and has missed pesticides into a gargantuan military Jugonaut whose cost exceeds the arms expenditures of all the nation's combined. Eisenhower would be stunned at the growth of this beast now sucking wealth life in America. It's become the tail that wags the dog of force, sew, huge, and thoroughly ingrained in our culture and political institution that some believe its dominance has become irreversible. Consider that there are currently over 700 US military bases spread around the globe, a modern equivalent of the Roman leads and once covering huge portions of the known world. The cost of such a smothering presence is intentionally obscured to divert attention from the scope of our military program. The announcement had gone budgeted a $400,000,000,000 billion per year, is pure dixie-pixie dust. Iraq and Afghanistan were a cost of another 120 billion this year, not even included in the figure, but covered by supplemental requests to Congress. Absent this, in other means, a budgetary slide of hand, a real cost of our military, probably approaches three quarters of a trillion dollars a year, even in America that should be viewed as an impressive number. How did we reach such an unsustainable and perilous point in our history? As the memorable line goes in all the President's men, followed the money. Simply put, war is profitable, although as hell for people is good for business. Think haliburton north-rop, general dynamics, bowling, locking, racy on, and the thousands of smaller companies feeding the insatiable ma of our military appetite. Ships, tanks, hummers, planes, helicopters, drones, missiles, atomic bombs, all the high-tech toys to delight the hearts of our warlords. And all produced by companies bloated with uncoachable profits derived from cost-plus contracts and the mimic federal oversight. These manufacturers representing one of the few sectors of the American economy not to be outsourced, work-tanned and work-handing, global, the Pentagon, always developing newer, more complicated weapons, whether appropriate or not for today's challenges. But this alliance between the Pentagon and the energy is about beyond what I know are envisioned and our includes Congress, again, followed the money. Politicians always interrace to finance the next election campaign that become addicted to the first supply by lobbyists of the defense industry. Former Congressmen do cutting him, maybe the most visible symbol of a venal politician accepting brims of cash, oriental rugs, antique cars, and shady wheel estate transactions, but he was certainly not the only member on the take. And the Pentagon has made sure that defense contracts are spread far and wide to suiting the deal for politicians under constituents back home. For example, the B2 bomber suppliers in all 50 states. Those defense plants create sorely needed jobs and by cleverly scattering them throughout the country, the military industrial congressional complex assured that all communities will jellously protect the plants against future closings. So people have worked politicians to get credit for enhancing the economies of their states and districts. The manufacturers get the chance to put their hands into the honey jar and the Pentagon breast gets support for the new weapons systems they create. It's a complex cozy corrupting symbiosis and a what price? The most painful cost of wars the loss of our youth either killed outright, grievously wounded or psychologically damaged for life. Although we're always in a state denial about enemy losses, they're usually far worse than above not only opposing military forces, but on accountants of advice standards including children, smart weapons and notwithstanding. Another price is a creation of fearful docile citizens who in effect are saying do what you have to protect us from the world's threats if it involves torture and trying suspected terrorists and foreign prisons but no prospect of ever being really so be it. If we have to sacrifice privacy and traditional rights grant under our former government or prepare to accept that as an necessary condition. Another is the gradual bankrupting of the country. The national debt clock in Times Square is numbers clicking upward at lightning speed is not predicted to become obsolete within two years because there are not only register amounts up to ten trillion dollars. The Bush administration is the first in our history that's lowered taxes in time of war. The effect of this procladacy is to push massive indebtedness in on a future generation. A legacy our grandchildren will discover much of their dismay. Maybe the government program should be renamed leave no child a dime. A further constant addiction to war itself, a tendency to rely more on brute force and diplomatic resolutions in international tensions. Since W.W.W.2, we've seen military action in Korea, Vietnam, Panama, Grenada, Lebanon, Bosnia, Afghanistan and Iraq with a potential additions of North Korea. Iran and Syria on the runway preparing for takeoff. As the biblical passage goes, so the wind and reach the whirlwind. Starting one more only sets conditions for the next one, and eventually the intervals between conflicts go shorter and shorter. Are we look forward to the day when pieces of distant memory and wars perpetual and even more brutal? If we accept that as our future, then reminded of a joke on Derson Keeler's program, what's the difference between genius and stupidity? Answer, genius has its limits. Eisenhower certainly realized the dreadful cost of war making in 1953 he had rest newspaper editors, outlining what a sacrifice on the human level when we use wars as short-sighted solution to our problems. Every gun that is made, every warship blunts, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger in our fed, those who are called to not clothe. The world in arms is not spending money alone, it's spending the sweat of labor, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. One of the cloud of threatening war is humanity hanging from an iron cross. The problem is that presidents in size now are even not understood the warning, understood but ignored it, or a powerless to slow the inertible advance of the relentless war machine. We appear to be trapped in our own version of groundhog day, endlessly we living the mistakes of the past. It can be no surprise that some people have already decided to stop crossing. Pretty good huh? Damn good. For a crusty combustion? Huh? Now for a landscape artist, oh, or much history, for monoroke human decolent. Not too bad, certainly better than Greg Coatex. 27 and of course we can use a lot of that mind to build new stadium. This is a new Roger's. This is 516. The Miami Heat Show featuring Pat Riley, Randy Fond, and all the other people who are in the world, are in the world. Randy Fond and all Miami Heat Players, these on one. This is a new episode. I'm gonna make a city resort in Gainton, in tomorrow in Hainkowberg and the Miami Heat Show. Exclusively on Sports Video 516. 2 AM. You got it. Hey, it's time! Burn up! This is the build god of becoming an Azure Music Confund. And fire operas are gonna be where girls will be for a lull dann. Hey, the father Albertas, why the are you but wearing other dress? Hey hey hey, it works for my Lawrence and Tyler Perry, so I'm gonna dress the same way. Hey look, you come through the air. Why you calling me with Albert? You don't want where and how you get right Russell. That's right. That Albert is like school on Thanksgiving. Cool, oh thanks, give it. No class. We're gonna be learning the late. You see, if you are not freaking the American comedian and you want to number one movie, you got to dress up like a woman. And that's so real drag. This stuff you just facts me is enough making you want to cry. Just can't believe it. The first page, one of those listeners again doing his own show. Do a nice stick. Stick it. I don't even know what he's talking about. We're two. This TM showing article in CityLink. Again, talk about people out there. I had other people's ass. I'm not. When you think I would read this on a year, no, it was for your own amusement. About Daniel Abangston boy. I don't know. I'll tell you one thing. Like I said, there's sure there's sure schmoozon and schmere in the right people. No question about that. What the f***s from newspaper people on the payroll, don't we? Yeah, they might enjoy a funny story like that. They sure are entertaining, but they're going to sure lose in the rest. I mean, you get the soft photo business. They're going to put it in a thing like yesterday about all how they are dolphins. They're really doing it over there on Wansley. Right there. First of all, the broadcast sucks. The dolphin organization hates their broadcasts like poison number two. I know that for a fact. Number three, they lost the code of our best stats. The three and a half million dollars the first year on the dolphin broadcast. Even in spite of winning the last day, what was it? Seven and a row, six, whatever was. What was it, Josh? Six and a row? Six and a row. Yeah. It's quite a bad. So you keep paying for an half million dollars a year for that. Craft and then go out there and try to sell it. And by the way, if you want to borrow the games, you can have that more low-master game tonight. How do you like that? What I'm hearing? You can have it. We don't want it. In fact, you can have Greg Co-Tex broadcasts to games. That'd be good. It'll be a part for the course. With Dave Ann Boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, and the Verizon singular wireless line. WCQAM, hello. You'd be going any in Canada. That's it. That takes you over medley of those two. But what if we let him in? We're going to play. We want to play. We want to play. Well, listen. Well, listen to those people. Oh yeah. What are we going to do without them? It's first of all when we like shut the phone off. Then we want to have to worry about whether the phone is working or working. The facts is working. The shut that baby off. So, you know, it's a bit of a bit of a problem. It's a bit of a problem. I think we're going to do that. We're going to do that. We're going to do it. It's a bit of a problem. It's a bit of a problem. And it's a bit of a problem. Whether the phone is working or working or the facts is working. It's shut that baby off. That a good idea. Yeah, it's great. I'm asking the wrong person. I know that. I just don't want any part of that. And then what's going to happen when you go on in a summertime, which by the way, is only a couple months away, Mr. Hodding. Uh huh. Not to mention that expectation wasn't that, which isn't that far off either. I just mentioned that in passing again. Father per annoyance. W. W. K. W. I am. Hello. Oh, and I would. That was a line checker across the street. New York City may be known as the center of artistic expression, but a judge yesterday dismissed a lawsuit that argued people had a constitutional right to dance in any bar or restaurant. Ruraling on a suit that argued recreational dancing was a former expression for a ten hundred of the New York State Constitution, George Michael Stomach of New York State Supreme Court said, clubs and restaurants are permitted dancing increased traffic and noise around the establishment. The case was brought by a club signal overturned a law requiring establishment's dev a special license for payments to be allowed to dance. Although dismissed the case for a lack of any viable constitutional claim, the judge did say the 80 year old prohibitioner of cavalry law could be the examin. The city can take a lead by finding a way to accommodate more opportunities for a participatory social dancing. He said, surely the big apple is big enough to find a way to let people dance. Let the little girl dance by and we would just find out the other day. Just the other day. By Billy Bland. And Ricky Tickie, a shot called in and said, boy, this is sure signing. It is captivating radio. Many of New York's bars and restaurants that don't carry a cabaret license post signs and they're all saying, no dancing. And bartenders frequently tell people that I'm not allowed to dance in a bar, leaving tourists to be wilder. Well, they better get with it. The dance is a red red down in the subway. It was Bernie Gess. Okay, that's enough. Not Billy Bland. Not to be confused with Bobby Bland. I'm not bad. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. What we need to do. Get our consulware systems like us. Go up here to come for a minute, man. Bye, God's food. Buh! Scheme a little louder next time. That works very well. And then the people really hear you good. So many QAM, hello. Hey, God. Hurry up. Back to the room where they have that little red ball ready, buddy. And that's a funny took away from Joyce. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Was that Tom Drecky we saw him out, probably? Tom, maybe that's where we were. What we were doing over the hotel six. And then Troy, if changing those apples, Duncan for apples. WQAM, hello. That's it. Okay, that takes for those. I'm going to dive right back in. I think you're right. I think maybe just a shirt that baby offer a few months. Ooh, gee, don't do that. WQAM, hello. And you? Yes, sir. How you doing? What's your opinion about guys that dance by themselves? What's about time you to bottom up? Yeah. What's your opinion about them? I don't mean it's kind of cool. Okay, well, George dance. Go dancing your pants. It's really cool is what I hear. Never really give it much thought. If you thought about that too much, guys, it danced by themselves. I don't know that is. Is that the gentries and keep on dancing? Close. Pretty close. I'm going to dance things. Let's dance by Chris Montez. I was up to that one. When I first started in the latest days, it sounded like me. Chris Montez. Yeah. That's the thing. What year is this for us? Oh, I don't know. Sixty-two. No, huh. Always with it in one. Always with it. Always with it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What's that stuff? And we got that yet either. WQAM, hello, bro. QAM. Long run. WQAM, hello. Hey, New York. Okay. What's on the web of the drama that I have this year? I'm thinking of the web of the drama. I'm just curious. How's the web of the drama? Cool. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Good. I want to say you guys got a great website. Yeah. And I went down to the very bottom where it says 9.11. 10th of gone. And I was brought away by that information that I saw about the Pentagon and the 9.11. And I wanted to have the public as a screening about this. But there was a... If you have a public, it's just keep listening to the show, pal. You'll find the answer. If you haven't already. Well, the public isn't screaming about this. Right. Man, you're living in dream world. You're living in some kind of a cocoon. And by the way, happy pace off. And not only that. But what if the buzz that Pentagon struck after the American idol? Right. And stuff like that. How's that else your own bill? Am I to anybody heard? No, why sure. I hope he's going to be okay for a say. This is New Russia. This is 516. This is the season. This is the season. It's not so long. It's not the time to wait. Now, instead, the amount of information. Oh, I can't invite out the way. So, it's the year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The year. The summer. The year. August. It's a day Congratulations! Finishing. Tony back. L conhe it! to our parents. But 45, we have the guilty coming up too. Speaking of the hidden enemy. He's a he and the Robert Gruper I do not know. So what? So I'm here and okay we got to add something to the poll I just don't on me. And we should add them from the beginning. Arrest people who hire them absolutely. Yeah. That's right. And deport them to deport their ass. Okay. Arrest them in the Senate back then they can work for them in Mexico. Right? Or you can agua or what I really want to go. Because that's what it's all about. It's bringing them this cheap cheap cheap. That's what it's all about. It's got nothing to do with the fact that George W. Loves illegal aliens or other Mexicans or anybody else. What a joke that is. What is a great humanitarian. No. What it's got to do with this is a big corporate buddies. They want that steady flow of cheap cheap cheap labor. Anyway, here's the latest to survey national. Americans are divided about whether legal immigrants help or hurt the country. Or hurt the country. It poll finds. See, there's that term illegal immigrants just like an R.P. They don't want to say illegal aliens. More than a half of those questions are open to allowing undocumented workers to obtain some temporary legal status so they can stay in the USA. At the same time, people doubt that erecting a fence along the US Mexican border could help fix such a complex and enduring problem. Two thirds don't think it would work. Well, why not give it a shot. Right. Great. I want to do that. I want to do up and round up 11 million people and ship them out of the country. He said Robert Kelly, and Chicago lawyers among the 56 percent of Americans in favor allowing some kind of legal status. It just isn't practically said. A small number of significant share 41 percent of those any kind of legal status giving voice to a lot order mindset that bristles at the notion of officially recognizing those who didn't play about rules to get here. A legal is criminal said, Louis Walla Kelly 65 year old grandma from round rock Texas. You go all the way up. She said her 16 year old granddaughter said a hard time finding part time work because all the jobs there are taken by those who work illegally in the country. If we're going to give them anesty, why don't we give anesty to all the people of breakout of jail? Good point. That's right. They broke the law, but now they're out there out and about. So therefore the logic here, let's give anesty. Let's give my job in 57 Chevy in a driver's license and a voter registration car. The forgetter ready to go. Political aimless see and opening in such poll results for person in Bush. We support, oh yeah, he's got an opening. All right. In a what's called? Acto, big one. Look at a vote. One I'd pull baby. Are you impressed or what? 251. What's your take on illegal immigrants? A rest people who hired him. We just put on her. That should go zooming up there. Because then I mean, you know, if that happens, if everybody's terrified to hire them and there are no jobs. I mean, they're not going to, they're going to stop coming. Right. We're going to deport you. You already three quick votes on there. This we first did. I just clicked it real fast and three quickies. If I have three quickies, there's four quickies. I have really. I want to hear about it. We're talking about it when you're on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 0. What's that? Oh, what is that stuff they're showing on CNN? Oh, I can't watch the Daryng Kagan show. Oh, it's some kind of Japanese though. How come Chinese food is so good in Japanese food is such a, like that? Let's depend on what you have. You haven't had any. So, Japanese food right. That's because I've never been to Japan. I know your daughter was there and now you're an expert in the sediments. So, why do you speak Japanese? Right. I'll send all of those things. All of these. All of these. So, you got like any course you had that little girlfriend from Japan living in your house. Did you like a turn you Japanese? That's right. She cooked for us. And so we had Japanese. What is she cooked? It was very good. Chicken. That sounds very Japanese to me. That's how they make it. Oh, I fish. I have nasty fish. And then those noodles. You know, like a shure. They're looking a little bit Japanese. Oh, that's what they got. Clean. Slightly noodles. A compound formed when meat is charced. It is fish right in now. It's a good time to stick this thing in there about the barbecue and prostate cancer. I'm just just mentioned this. We're not. Look, after that response to that thing with a pasta, which I just passed along because it was a personal discovery. See, they don't want to hear that. They want to hear about ice cream. Stuff had to be bad for them. Then they go nuts. Although the vocaburgers were something that wasn't bad for Mr. Sarah. Although it was high in carbs, but you know, not that bad. They don't know what they want. Compound form when meat is charred at high temperatures as in barbecue encourages the growth of prostate cancer in rats. The study presented at the meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research may help explain the link between eating meat and a higher risk of prostate cancer. It also fits in with other studies suggesting that cooking meat until it charres might cause cancer. The compound called P.H.L.P. is formed when meat is cooked at very high temperatures. Dr. Angela Demarzo and his colleagues at Johns Hopkins University involved in more of the same. It appears to both initiate and promote the growth of prostate cancer in rats. We stumbled across a new potential interaction between the industry and of cooked meat in the diet of cancer in the rat. For humans, the biggest problem is that it's extremely difficult to tell how much P.H.P.L.P. you've ingested since different amounts are formed depending on cooked conditions. How much you P? P.H. For the study, you have to tomone a chai. Other members of Demarzo seems to have something to eat to me. Mix P.H.L.P. and if you give the rats a form to 8 weeks, then study the animals, prostate intestines and spleen. They find genetic mutations in the organs after just 4 weeks. So you see, they're putting in the meat directly into the foods. See, they're not at all. What do you think? I'm not going to give up your smoky bones, barbecue. Right. Of course, the barbecue people are going to call it and say, that's grilling. You're talking about grilling. BBQ is slow-cooked and does not involve charcoal. Is it there's a difference between grilled and barbecue? Apparently there is. I didn't know. I didn't know. I hope it isn't that grill now. I love grilled meat, which is what we're doing. Yeah, when you're having to make it hard, flavor, flavor, flavor, flavor, which we both got one free just from itching on the air, not. Yeah. That's a joke. Everything's an ulterior motive. Yeah, yeah. You couldn't possibly be passing along any useful information or what's the most unless there was something in and for you. Like, I really needed. Yeah, I'm really short on cash these days. I pulled it a first thing that found out what I came to this town. There's no such thing as out of the kindness of your heart. No. That'll be hard. That'll be hard. Right. You heard of what we're all heart. You never heard of such a thing. It just exists on TV or something. Five, six, seven, five, six. Six, seven, five, six. Man, it calls our fantastic. We've rang a few people. Not enough, but a few of them for a start. Whatever, be there. And pound five, 60 of the Verizon singular wireless line. You know that thing? That tough piece that you sent me on LeBash, you know? I'm telling you, it's just amazing to press that they're getting. And that happens every single time. There, anybody goes up against this station, whether it was the fan, more testies, the strata, silly, as Jim Barry, you've fallyed any other people. Same crap. And then, of course, the Stu got this first incarnation before Daddy started turn loose with a big bust and it became general mangleers to gotts. I mean, to know him. And so it's just a concept. We like making Robert Creeper the CEO of General Motors, you know? Think about that. Put it in those terms. And that's what Stu gotts is to our friends across the street who lost their ass by the way in the dolphins. Just like we're losing their ass on a Marlon's little league team. That's probably my great, great, great co-tax license so much. They're already losing them off on the other crap. But now that you got Donkey Colpeper man, and that the pictures on little an infinitary. Now we should fear them, right? Yeah, everybody ought to fear the cool, Josh. Now that they got that, although they already had a great deal. Okay, her, what's that was, isn't it? Mike Vanderchatt, Mike Vanderchatt, glad to be a highest. I think the best record in history at Lee. Am I right about that? I don't know. I'm pretty sure he had an arm and a record. But now they got Mr. Klux, maybe, animentary. But bring a tear to your eye, although Sandy Peyton Manning, but it's stay away from him. You're fairly. How many QAM? Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Have you heard the latest Gestapo tactic by a right wing state legislator? You know, you know, you know, implored it when you get a traffic ticket. But if you don't pay it with it, it's not right. Yeah, you say your life is well now. They've got to move underway. But if you don't pay that ticket and get your life to suspend, it'll take away your car. So hey, you know, they're going to be now. I just want to get you to fully off the road by taking away your car and, uh, Well, you know, something that's probably a pretty good idea, because the people out there don't pay the tickets to the Zermina, their car, taking away. And that's just the free sample of a little more romantic freeway. That's why you're haul freeway. And speaking, get all these idiots drivers, so-called drivers off the road. An embarrassment humiliating me degrading. The only state in America, by the way, it's the only one of the 50, where you can get the driver's license in a box of Cracker Jack. So go to the Harlem game, support the Marlins, and get you a driver's license, and maybe they'll give you a 57 Chevy, too. Because dear free lawyer and David Sandson are all hard. We love them, Marlins. They really stock, you know, like that. Don't forget to marlins and the Astros in Houston. I think, uh, what is it? Minimid Park? Right. See, you taught me that. I learned a little something from you. I did that, but I, after I care, because I mean, all these corporate names, you used to be Enron, field or something like that, and then Enron, of course, we know what happened to them. See, I wouldn't want to be playing in a ballpark named after a company that went out of business like pro player stadium like that. Not good. W. W. W. W. W. If they deport all the Mexicans with that includes some of the highest? No. Yeah. He gets an exemption. She's hot. I like the way that I'm going to say. Follows where to let you back. Oh, yeah. Five, six, seven, what about what's your name? What's her name? Mexican with a big ass, J.Lo. She's Puerto Rican. Oh, so, I think, and I forgot, that's why she's got such a big ass. That makes a lot of American. I started to say before about the Mexican thing. I don't know a lot of Mexicans. I don't think I know any. And so, the stereotype in my mind is because of all those mushy beans that Mexicans even they're died is like fat like Rotan. You know, it's because of the rampant poverty there. Like most of Latin America. And a lot of mushy beans in there. Always high carbs. You think of like, rattler. Or fat, poor people. But the Mexicans haven't seen like doing all these demonstrations are lean and mean because they're eating mean cuisine or sometimes what they're doing. Maybe they're eating a taco bell. Taco, shmaco. Do you think that's it? Maybe. Or maybe. Or maybe that Mexicans don't eat a taco bell. I would know. I'll go ask what would I see what. Yeah, go. Go find a Mexican. Or maybe they'll take it a taco bell. Maybe. I mean, isn't that where you guys learn to get all those mushy beans from? Right. Taco Bell. Refried beans, man. Oh. Does. You go to hell. Hold the beans. Don't squeeze into. Tuck his in. He'll start dripping. Hold those beans. They're not going. Oh, mushy. We fry. I mean, you think about that. And if you ever seen them, I'm sure you have like in Taco Bell. What? Were there mixed enough the fresh back to that. And you mean stuff? And you can see all the fat in there. Oh, god. Why'd you ever have that then? That the local car passed. This is a meal. We can talk about the possible things. We'll do like cheese on my cases. Minions. The water to fill our water. Or free. Two. One. Alan. But let's go. They got it in a rock. Use that thumb. And they won't touch the lawn. See ya. Crazy. I'm going up. Thing all the time. I know it sounds crazy. Then we toughen some over. We hit these two. Boop-boop-boop. And they beat them up. They beat them up. That's when us to the moon. Boop-boop-boop. And they're not mine. You've got oil like your life. So you think you are slick. You think you're so gross. But beware. They're talking once we'll push that. And they take a shatter. We know your country doesn't bother with diplomacy. You've rather flow us up and try to get us to a pain. Boop-boop-boop. That's being fun. They got it in a rock. They're such small stuff. They've been falling again and again and again. Don't want oil, breathe it, be the end of humanity. You know you will be done. It's been trying to use that new thing of our board. It's one o'clock at five, 60WM. We got guilty. Come on, longer two. Mad dog, four to seven, three. Solid hours for the mad dog. A long day's work. We're unusual for him. Three solid hours because the marlins are playing in a simple time zone. Got it. We'll talk in hardball with a crow at seven o'clock. We're pretty embarrassed by that. Marlins on deck at seven thirty five. Marlins at the answer was eight o'clock on by an 80K show. Now. Yeah, I really wonder how we get those. Like if you were to say, Mo Green. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. May my balls when you were going out with jelly. How do we do that? I do so fast. The thing would look a bronzing. Wow. I was. Like that. About a good day. Maybe move you around and then you have something like. Yeah, I like. Like when Gary Glenn Ross. Yeah, for example. Boppy's closed is all. See? Like that. Anyway, supporters of a guest worker program that would let you legal immigrants stay in the US today. They don't have enough Senate votes to overcome objections from conservatives who oppose the measure of grounds that amounts to and the sea. As negotiators worked on the compromise, the left of those who've been here to the longest remain, Senator John McCain of Arizona said a majority in the 100 member Senate support his and Senator Edward Kennedy's proposal to provide green cards to legal immigrants after they've worked in the US for six years. And majority, but it takes 60 senators to overcome opponents, parliamentary tactics. McCain don't have that many. Poor Ted Kennedy. I usually like him a lot, but in this particular house. No. And John McCain, I never like him. And now I see why. More than 11 many legal immigrants are believed to be in the US and Senator Mel Martn as a Florida, said he and Senator Chuck Hagle in the Brasscare portion of fallback plan that would put those who'd been here the longest on a track towards citizenship but treat more recent rivals differently. A similar person's rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee last week, but it was a five last night during a maybe majority leader Bill Fist's office. He held up his fist and gave him a four. About a being. About 30 Republican senators. Not a little more than an hour today, but no consensus emerged. McCain and Kennedy deny their proposals. And the C. S. English immigrants would have to pay $2,000 in fines in any back taxes. And clear background, chance before they get in line for a green card. Are you going to green card, O.S.? I have a white card. I keep telling you that. White card. White card. 57 green, Chevy sounds good. Comerol sounds excellent. Maybe a little bit beat up. 1291 votes on a poll. Take a puke at that man. We're going to go over 1300. We may even do close to 14. 1293 and just zoom in up there. And that thing we just put on there at the end. Thank goodness. Rest people who hired them. Some two would have already. They don't. Should I have like thousands? Because they're the ones we're responsible for. They're this because they want the cheap help. They want to be able to like Kathy Lee and her sweatshubs during light in America. That's great. I was thinking of network visions. Here's a little update. The candy, the candy, cork watch. I'm sure that you're lucky on the edge of your seat. You probably will be in a free naffle question of 10 times a day. Wait about Katie, cork, be on CBS. It's stupid. Stupid. That's right. Just desperate. They can put you over the point. And that is CBS deserves all the crap that they get for like, Caving and I'm poor Dan Rather. It's right. And Danny Boy. I wouldn't watch CBS even news if they put Justin. Whatever that kid that was naked doing his show. Well, maybe I would. And you see, I think about that story. And I mean, like, who did he think was watching? I would exactly. He was watching. Yeah, exactly. Jesus. You know exactly what he was doing. And who he was doing. Well, maybe that's why they watched because he knew what he was doing. Spectrillation is sweeping. Two network news divisions. Katie, cork, cohost of NBC stop right in today. Show us about to jump to rival CBS. And become its evening news anchor. I'm moving many in this. And the C. Say is a gamble. It's a gamble. And a bad one. Two people for made it with a situation told writers. They believe cork 49 is a tentative deal with CBS. They would make her the first woman installed as the sole permit anchor. Or a major number. He being newscast. But they said no formula agreement had been hammered out. When it down, hammered out. So the hammer said. Hey, stupid. Corridor. Now I forgot to ask him about that again. remind me tomorrow morning. Ask him about key work. I used to work with her as a channel for. Okay, once when I was here on a date. Corridor, just shut up. Corridor, cohost of NBC's highly profitable today's show for 15 years. Means under contract and be seen to late May. That's only next month. Representatives for that. That's that time ago by like. Wish I can. Representatives for CBS and NBC controlled by GE. Of course decline common. As it occurs, personal publics Matthew Hiltsick. Hiltsick, something like that. The answer is inside her head. And nobody is there but her one network inside. The answer is in her head. Not much else in there. Media reports of CBS exec seeking the lower cork away from NBC. First surface in January of last year. As Dan Rather was forced to step down to CBS news anchor. After a 60 minutes to report on President Bush's military record. All of which was accurate. But then over technicality. Which that were too stupid or defend that. Like, oh, why do you gotta go then? You understand. Bye bye. Federal and correspondent Oki Doke Bob Sheeper 69 going on a hundred nine. Took over for rather uninnerable basis. And the third ranking network evening newscasts since strong gradings growth. How do you like that? Like a big tumor. Maybe all day old far it's her watch. While ABC and NBC newscasts have lost ground. Sheeper is insisted he doesn't want to keep the job. And CBS chief Leslie Moon viz has repeatedly expressed the newscast to her younger viewers. See, I hate to write the news here. Younger people are kind of watched that. With her without Katie Kurt. Do you think young people want to see Katie Kurt? No. They don't know her. I mean, younger. Yeah, maybe under a hundred. Like between 80 and 100. Yeah. Was about a possible correct defection gain. Steam again Monday is TV week reported. Deal for the movie CBS Newshead. They completed in principle. And the announcement of her NBC exec. Come as early as next week. Stories speculating about. Turek leaving NBC also ran the LA Times New York TV news. The New York Times. The city link. Right next to the one about Dan Lobaster. Wall Street Journal reported last month that CBS had offered Turek about 15 million year to permanently replace a rather and contribute to 60 minutes. 15 million year for it. So on your people out there with no talent. All these people are call up at a little of phony shows. Keep talking away man. Keep doing it. Do your best to do your duty and who is maybe it will be paying you 50 million year someday to be on network TV or to make yourself into a goofball or pretend journalists like Kati Kork and the solely that bubble head will Brian. Don't know for get about her. And of course what's his name? Anderson's pooper. You that they're all up to a frenzy. You know John Roberts was on there last night actually watch the few minutes pretty interesting for your what was all about. It was pretty interesting stuff. John Roberts there's a guy that he used now. He'll have a lot more like a real news guy is opposed to the police. He's a really nice guy. So he asked over he's a guy. And Anderson's pooper. People like that. That they're all whipped up into a frenzy. But he's the hottest thing. They even like old Aaron Brown though. Which of course wasn't all bad. You know what that bad read her piece. Who. For Josh said that even even. What's his name? Then they've been born. Don't have a her piece. That man. Is that musk it that Aaron Brown was wearing that red. What would that be for her? Think he haven't said. Now what you said Josh? No. What about Dave Van Boring? Had a piece. A bad piece. Now he's backtracking. He must. He must be going to San Antonio with the marlins and just not telling us about it. Here I'm going to bad for you trying to get you like big rays. Get you some serious money. And you're like to get rid of pack your bags and go to San Antonio. Trust me. Are you rushing girlfriend? I'm not doing that because I was expecting the big rays. That's not here. Oh, some of those are kind of four to go there. Yeah. Listen. Great hunt bus. Real cheap. I'll buy it the ticket. And to see an international, especially if you called me what? A fat will faggot yesterday. I'm going to show that was pretty little over the top. I thought. And to see an all-or-true. And to see an international, significantly, support today claiming the CIA used private aircraft operators and front companies. The high CIA rendition flights and black-sighted and tinted attention facilities in foreign countries. Report also details, dozens of destinations around the world. This is from our story, by the way. What a great website. Yes, it is. It does not invest in nations around the world where planes associated with grand vision. I would encourage you to love that word. I would encourage you to go to the end of the business. That's their rendition. And addition to report list of private airlines with permission to land the US military bases worldwide. Title below the radar, secret flights to torture and disappearance. MSD will reveal how the CIA has put an aviation practices to hide behind the identity of private plane operators and circumvent authorities. The countries that allow CIA planes across the Earth space and use their reports often set the convention on international civil aviation known as the Chicago Convention. These states claim that they don't have the authority to question the reasons for the flight because there's a clause in the convention that allows private non-commercial flights to fly over a country or make technical stops there without prior authorization or notification. According to Chicago convention, states don't have the authority to question the reasons for the private non-commercial flights lying over a country or make technical stops there. MSD claims the US may have transferred hundreds of individuals for the purposes of interrogation by nations with dubious human rights records. They're further sent to claim that rendition is part of a never-convesting detention regime that includes the use of black sites and disappearances as well as torture and inhuman treatment. They're prepared to accompany the report with a call for participating companies to cease cooperation in the program. I'll keep my eye. I'll keep on eye-pil. Like a potato. I'll keep an eye-pil. I'll keep an eye-pil. They're going to be a follow-up. Ready for that? I'll keep your eye-pil. I'll peel it. 12, 13, 14, full of sight. I told you it would make 13, haven't I? Yes, you did? Josh is saying, ah, we don't even have that many listeners anymore. Since he's there, we've now this crap on here. Yeah, we're just going to go to all calls. Train some real good. No, I'll train some real good talent. Out there in the audience. Good lucky. Let him use the show as a waiter like Bill the New Career. Look at like Cadant LaBass, you there. He used to be in there in that other studio. Remember? We'd be on here trying to do a show on all of a sudden and we'd hear him because they'd be opening up the pot and you were smoking it or something like that. Remember that? That's sure, dude. That was pathetic. And of course we booted his ass out of there and then he ran across the street with his boyfriend just due guts. And of course, old debooster. What oh, oh my god. What is that man thinking about? What is that child thinking about? The booster. Well, yeah, when you have orange hair. I guess it's a tough burden to carry it throughout your life. You don't want to say it? Who? The ginger. I don't know ginger. I'll sell it at ginger stuff again. You know who will be right. He'll be back in a heartbeat. What a hell is that thing. I know it's in here somewhere. Oh, I learned it. I know by the way, I have a safe trip to Toronto. Ginger. Earth. Be safe. Ah, be safe. You'd be safe to up there in the Yorker. You're there waiting for you like poison. That's your buddy there. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. You're a plumber. That was one of the nice things you said about it. What do they really know? They said I'm stupid. Oh, that's right. That was the very first time I ever. I remember that thing. He did right there on the other side and said, He's a problem with George. Yeah. He's stupid. Oh, stupid. But he did the right thing. He had to. He did the right thing. On with you, you're me used to know that when Joe bell called yesterday to a clock. He stood out by saying congratulations on the trains and by the way, I've decided to terminate George Rager. He was doing this a great read. We've heard that act. I was prepared for that. I was reading a mood for it. Yeah. I like that. You're a lot. Oh, speaking of cute. There's, uh, oh, he's your boyfriend just in very, we just done it again. Who? Justin, he got that. Everybody was, he was performing, but he thought they were watching taking notes. But for artistic purposes, I'm always. This is like 17, 18, 18. I'm going to help with all the boy. I'm a Catholic. No. Being gay is the world today. Takes everything you've got. Now you want to be legally married just because you're squandered. Wouldn't you like to get away? So, Charles, you want to go where everybody knows you're gay. I hear that keywashes okay. You want to be down on the means you're a sound with awesome gourmet. You want to go where everybody knows you're gay. You're fairer. Being gay is the world today. I think it's really nice. Your lifestyle makes you smile. You like big hair, we're butts. But don't you hear those star-chasing. Welcome. Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay. I think that lesbian's are great. I kiss on the list right by your hips. From a girlfriend seems okay. You want to go where everybody knows you're gay. You want to be for your best friend. I sing all this candy. You want to go where everybody knows you're gay. What are you going to do about it? You're fairer. Here's a question when who says one of our regular facts is. For a long time. I'm sure you don't remember about our facts. You're going to know I don't win. I still be alive if I would have paid attention to your facts. It says I make macaroni and cheese with the elbows at least once a week. I usually use ragu's double-chener cheese sauce or a bottled-out frater sauce. I also add little smokey's or a couple of cut-up Nathan's or a sobrette hot dogs. When is a sickle like me? I do the same. Slicing up hot dogs and you're so us. Let's wrong with that. Vokaburgers are not hot in curves and know you're right. They have four grams of carbs and three grams of fiber so they only have one net carb. You're right. I tell you I'm fresh enough to not. A little bit more on this story. Justin very, you know. You should have heard the discussion. The dialogue back and forth between these new tankers on CNN minute ago. You should have said. But just look ahead and look at him. He's so normal and such a good student and straight. He's a straight. He's a straight. He's not straight. The following is in a count given New York Times reporter Kurt Eichenwald by Justin very and reflects his version of the story. In an interview with Eichenwald, very stated that age 13, he began receiving offers of gifts from adults in exchange for disrobing on his webcam. So you know, let your kids get a webcam. That's a good start. He was first offered 50 bucks for removing his shirt. I figured if I took off my shirt and the pool for nothing, I was kind of like what was the difference. I'll take the money. After that, he set up a wish list that Amazon.com and received items from the listening stage for webcam performances. When you listen to this, please. Let's try. Request for very to perform on camera. Gradually became more explicit than request of viewers. Progressing from full nudity to masturbation. Performances were hosted on various websites. Justin, I'm not reading it. Posted by an adult acquaintance in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Several of various subscribers also bought him more advanced web, Gamsen, upgrades by his Amazon.com wish list to improve the video quality. They wanted to see an uppost and personal. And response to offensive messages from a customer various themselves as New South called the idea with a flat per month fee in separate rates for private performances. A subscriber whose name I'm not going to read, sent money as supposed to have been thousands of dollars to meet him in Las Vegas. While in Las Vegas he initiated a special contact with Gary and later arranged to pay the rent on the apartment used for further webcam performances. By only 2003 his online affiliations began to interfere with his offline life, including the dissemination in his hometown and school of images from his performances. Do you imagine that? No, you go to school and the kids are saying, okay, we saw you online performing. Due to the stress of events in his hometown, very moved to Masatlaan, Mexico to stay with his estranged father. Would you listen to this? His father became aware of the source of various funds and they collaborated on a new site called yadiyadi.com. They collaborated on a new site for formats on that site included Gary having sex with prostitutes and had a standard rate of 35 dollars a month with this count for purchase of 36 or 12 month membership. This is a strange father, or her. At the time he was regularly using marijuana and cocaine, habits supported by that website. His father was assisted in obtaining prostitutes for performances and shared in the profits. In the fall of Ennecos on and on. Shortly after very turned 18 he was contacted, and honestly online asked to attend a face-to-face meeting in LA. Despite concerns the contact might be law enforcement officer, Gary agreed to the meeting, which the person who would contact himself as New York Times before her cur'd eye can wall. I can request a demonstration of the workings of his online business with very provided including live conversations with subscribers. I can well persuade him to discontinue the business and evolve information on it and other miners involved the prosecutors and exchange for immunity from prosecution for the Felnesia committed yadiyadi. In that course they got on baptised and the church saw, so he's getting rid of a one way of being used and abused and now he's got himself in another one. Now is he Catholic? Well he was back time, I don't think so. Some of them are going to say he could keep making money if he had to cancel out. Well those ultibories get a lot of tips. So I heard it's terrible. It's not a level of one. Yeah. And the way started big on trees are big on tips. 560560, who the hell is kiddin' who and Pomp560 I still say. Is anybody really that naive when they're like 14, 15 years old? Is anybody really that stupid? No. Yeah. 50 bucks to take off your shirt online and maybe 75 to do a little more hanky spanky and then maybe 100. Come on. Maybe he's just a little slow. Sure, obviously I had a good upbringing with other strange fathers. Yeah. Just an uprising of business man and Mexico. Other reasons we keep the Mexicans out. 560560, Pomp560 in the Verizon Sink of the Wireless Line. Come on if you weigh in. Hello. Hello. Come on if you weigh in. Yeah. Good meal. Yes sir. Hey babe. What's up? Good evening. Quick things. I was walking the dot father last night again. You know for nine times. And the remind me is the bush family's day to the colonial family on steroids. Second thing is I took a cave home to the musics house. We must go to the woods. You saw what? Yeah. You saw what? Yeah. And the movie called it. Yeah. It looks really good. Well if you're a few time prison, and we're going to see your nude. Yeah. She looks good though. And the very thing is that why don't we have a poll. Or we're kind of having the best looking woman. Peace and one love. Didn't they're done that? Okay. Yes we did. 560560, Pomp560 in the Verizon Sink of the Wireless Line. I hear it's Mexico is what I'm hearing. Yeah. From who not. WKOM Hello. Yes sir. Hey god. Talk about the Marlins for a second. Yeah. Time's up. I'm listening. Wow. The first. You know that's the pre-star now. Okay. Now it was pretty sure it was. WKOM Hello. WKOM Hello. I knew. He was wondering how long would take me for the boy. Yes sir. Why does the government keep telling us that we can afford shooting wars in a rat? And I can't afford to put troops on the border with Mexico. There's not even going to be any shooting. Call up to White House and ask him. Okay. Let me know what they tell you. 560, Pomp560 in the Verizon Sink of the Wireless Line. We've had a silent invasion there. It's been going on for years and years and years. They find the tunnels that they've got very sophisticated tunnels coming right into the old USA and all they just grabbed right up by all the engraver. I was out there. I want the real cheap labor for maids and companies that want a higher real cheap labor and the idea and that's it. To go on for years. And they just can't do it on the body. You know, of course he's down over this buddy of a centa fax and on the crook down or in Mexico or on it. Look at all the crooks. Look at that rock. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to put a new shirt. Look at our good buddy, Mushera. If I shot the Mushera for the other Pakistan. Look at that. How many cars I've made from the Unicall border directors? Just one. And of course, not to mention the biggest crooks in the world night is the bush by the bush's buck but buddies that's a bandar bush. The royal family or the royal family. Excuse me. Much of royal age holds if he asked me. Would it really bad outfits? What do you think with all the money they got they could be? You talk about my bad outfits. Good God. Yeah. I think it's like a snappy dresser. I said, I was a bit expensive at the liddons. Are they really? Really sad. By the way, thank you for those low gas prices again, Mr. President. You're doing it. And our bush. And a bit lodging by the way. Keep in mind. A bush is in a bit lodging. Keep in mind that meeting of the Carlisle group on the morning of 9-11. Just keep that in the back of your mind. How many QAM? Hello. With the wheel. Yes, sir. We got something to look forward to. Yeah. I was reading a line and Michael Moore is going to relieve 9-7. 5-9-9-7 and a half. Really? Yeah. We're going to come out in 2007. Excellent. I thought they was going to get that far more of their pharmaceutical movement. I guess that's this year. I guess so. But he's coming out with that 9-5. I mean, 9-7 and a half. Excellent. Okay. Thanks, Sally. 5-6-7-0-5-60. 5-6-9-6. I'm going to call so much. I'm going to join that button. So much. On our side, I'm again. During the midst of it, it also keep in mind that Tom could face upwards of 12 trials. Wow, good. By the time they get done, they'd have to be 100 years old. And last one up his sleeve. I wonder if he's getting fed well. 1346 votes. What's your take on illegal immigrants? Illegal. That's, I mean, you understand the word illegal? The port all the legal is now 484. 36%. Only deport Cuban, 318. You nasty rotten intolerant. Too many already here grant them an industry, 2018. Just give up, basically, what I was. Too many already a sneak in, so just give up. Build a wall on the Mexico US border, 158. It would be great. And maybe Justin's a strange father can invite you into watching goodies. I hate this poil 100, or maybe some baddies. Only let in Cubans 43. Especially if they're hot to try. And got a fine sense of humor. And arrest people who hire them 25. Now we're talking these kneel Rogers. This is 5162A. Fourth-door graveyard is dead. So starting this Monday, 560. WQA and his proud to present the joke. Oh, come on. One day through Friday 6-10A and only on 560 WQA. And in the Welcome. Back in the day when someone done us wrong. We didn't take their brand. In Purple Harbor, when the jails drop their bonds. them bad,inois now the sight of it is a stop and our guards are a little flat to weight, as some as<|so|>., the morningbed meal, another sunrise. in America where they follow those like seeds view thy mistakes of our guns and by God's grace I am the three they have just come free and the late boys have our mistakes and I am still free I don't want to be a packs of mariners in the... you were saved what's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past if you want that as you lead to drive you're gonna need more gas if so you're right just country in the world they train us to believe and anyone who says that obviously and afford to be and thou'men barrous to be in America where we pay three hours to please wave a flag and one has to with our head in the sand and finally follow the powers that we have to take and I'm not gonna stop the breath of dark watching states for news on a 65-inch screen stretcher five everything's okay two s at so 133-2702 and then we got guilty of two o'clock to seven and no panters today but tomorrow I love that promo at 735 the coverage which is the AM-1360 the panthered transfer game biggest game of the season tomorrow night any interest that's why we're switching over because we got the marlins on there with Dave and boring in his bed hairpiece and rocksy foxy so we got a little five sixty a little a little squeak on 1660 the big squeak who's squeak here a gy guilty of your rasty definitely guilty yeah see answer that question guilty of nothing for him a reconstruction contract for the building of a hundred forty two primary health care centers across the rack is running out of money after two years and roughly two to many dollars with no more than twenty climps now expected to be completed the US Army Corps of Engineers be sent it were going to go 142 and maybe maybe twenty now not too good huh contract awarded the west construction giants Parsons Inc. in the flush early days of reconstruction their rack was expected to lay the foundation of a modern health care system for the country put in quality medical care within reach of all the rack is was supposed to but Parsons accordingly corps will walk away from more than a hundred twenty climps now average or two third finished auditor said the projectors is warning for the west reconstruction efforts due to be completed this year just speaking of flush just flushing your money down the toilet a new year city movie theater is pulled a trailer for united ninety three which chronicles in real time the hijacks united airlines fled the crash to western pennsylvan on September 11 the AMC low is Lincoln square twelve fever man hadn't said a made the decision after he was complaint they found it to have said the the one lady was crying he told me she was saying we shouldn't have played the trailer that was wrong the professor we do you attack the opinion of higher in the Taylor would be shown only before our rated movies are grown up PG through a team of Elizabeth and all lady who is crying. She's just not grown up yet. She's an emotional cripple. The film isn't sanitized or soft and it's an honest and real look of the events of like 93. Full will settle in New York Times today. If I sanitize the trailer beyond what's there, my I suggesting the experience will be less, real than what the movie itself is, we as a company feel comfortable as we as possible in fairway to show us coming. And you know I don't know about you but when I buy a DVD I don't want to see previews of other movies. You deserve set you. Yes and though. I don't want I don't want I got bigger issues. I don't want not seeing some most important thing but I'm spending money to watch the movie. I don't want to see trailers from movies that I have no interest in. I don't want. United 93 is scheduled to make its world premiere on the Tribebeck of Film Festivals Opening Night. The festival was just created to help Laura Manhattan recover economically from the attacks begins April 25 runs through May 7. The trailer begins with images of pastures boarding the plan on a sunny morning and builds through a disturbing scene that includes actual news video of a plane about hit one of the world trade center towers that returns in sideline 93 as terrorists begin hijacking it and a passenger calls his family to help him be intended disaster and miraculously that cell phone call from forty two thousand feet in the air goes right through. The flight ninety three national memorial will receive part of the box office revenue from the movie the families of the flight ninety three of seven universal pictures will donate 10 percent of the first three days grosses to the memorial. The plane crashed in the field allegedly near Shanksville, Pennsylvania as passengers tried to take control of the cockpit was removed from nowhere to San Francisco. A made for TV film about the hijacking flight ninety three group almost six minute viewers went in on a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a and a making it the networks most watched program ever discovery channel also be an active events in the documentary the fight that fought back the flight that fought back. Travelling has been shown on about three thousand screens across the USA. An issue somebody that's seven and a course they also show a dog about me hunter. Yeah, are you probably like that show. I say it a couple times. You like that's it's the no matter repo guy. It's a bounty hunter, but that's very very similar. You need on the bounty different event at the end is rosy and air she's squeezing the body. It's weird at heart. I mean it puts a real crap under recruiting now. There's no finally off. I hope the goddess. Oh, please tell me. I have no idea. Oh, please. They show some real sleas and crap on our community. They show some really good stuff. A lot of little Curtis still sends me right to the ball. I'm not a congestive. He's so so melodramatic. He's good, but he just over the top. You know, I'm not I'm not big at over the top. I don't need so melodramatic. It just shocks me like a state of nausea 13. I've written 69 votes. I totally would make 1400 day. Voice that a long time since we got 1400 votes on any folder in the show and you want to know why it's about illegal's man illegal aliens. Alienito. WM alien line. Hello. WM hello. That's your accountant. Yes sir. QAM. QAM speaking. I like to talk to you. Speaking. No, what are you about the legal aliens, right? What about five years from now when all their relatives come over because they're going to be included as well. Right. That's right. How about Mama Mama Sita and Papasita? 12 million now. We call how many five years. Don't get the Abuelos too. Come over and check those babies out. Take a take a look. Take little squeeze. They're growing more. They're growing more than just produce there instead of California. I'll take it that. In addition, which of course the Mexicans being good Catholics that they are reproduced like rabbits just because the Pope wants them to. So keep that in mind. Not good. Nice to go. 21 till 2 a QA and lots of the listing is flown by here today. I don't know about you. But man, we're going to help the time go out of the. They probably all are fantastic. Call. Why is there a non-in? Speaking of fat. Can I do before the braces one more fan thing? By the way, try doing a hell of a job, Brownie. Heck of a job. Like Brownie. He is just he is the vein of the milk bone of my existence. He just killed me. Although he did a fine job. Get me that log this morning in the coffee. Right. What they heard there with screw-in. And facts and other things to begin with the F letter. Hundreds of thousands of obese obese children can't fit in the car seats. You see this? Yeah. Leading the risk in the event of a crash researchers are saying that. As the number of obese children in the Western creases, it's essential about child safety seats that can predict children all sizes and shapes, wrote study author Lerick Trifflelli and Bohau of State. According to the study, I'm not going to go. Nice going, Gator. Probably say that. Nothing. I can't watch the moment of it. Did you watch the drives, Gators? I watched the first half, but it was a blow up. So it was a blow up. Whatever happened to UCLA, it's going out with them. It used to be asckickers. Now they just took it up the old nose. According to the study, published in the journal PNPD Anthropics more than 282,000 number of weight children on the VHS7 don't fit in the most child safety or please do receive to be able to learn. They're a prokey, baby. So instead of getting those kids to lose some weight, we got to have bigger seats. Bigger and bigger. You're going to have to buy like a limousine. The study identified only four types of car seats that some obese toddlers could use. Each cost at least 140 bucks and which have a obesity concentrate at low income families may might be deterred by such prices, too much macaroni and cheese, too much an mushy beans. If you're going to get the macaroni, get that whatever that is being filled. According to win. Well, I wish I would have paid attention to him. Of course I didn't know where to get it back. When he facts me, right, but I see what he gave me to website. I'm sure I would have a log right on there and bought a whole bunch. I'm thinking of making some for lunch today because you got me so whipped up on it. Now that we're getting all these. Now that we're making this big banana from leaving the bread. I can't believe all these kickbacks. They seem to make use with apple. 19 till two, which was made from dead animals from disease. Oh, I hope you all have the name dry concepts, the best carpet cleaning company in the universe. I've been using them for 21 years in my home, including just a couple of weeks ago. I'm like always they do a phenomenal job. No matter how desperate those carpets may look with dogs and kids and whatever. They make your carpets look just like they had brand new laid. So before you go out and spend thousands of dollars through place you're carpeting, call our good friends to dry concepts. You understand why I've been raving about them for so long. They'll bring your carpets back to life, leaving them a vibrant and color, soft to the touch and stain for you and look at just like brand new. Like I said, dry concepts is the only company I've been toasting all these years. The only one you should trust too. And don't forget they also do other great things for you like great cleaning. A post-recleaning, deep cleaning of those expensive leather furniture and lots lots more too. And of course, say goodbye to those dust mites too because they do mattress cleaning as well. Don't forget they give you a written guarantee price up, profit they show up on time and they always give you professional services as well. Unbeatable service from dry concepts. Carpet cleaning water, demonstration, pet order treatments, mattress cleaning and more. Call the best trust, the best dry concepts. Call them toll-free and they'd rather the Palm Beach is time that Troy Strafford. Old number 23, toward the decal, they will pee in their pants, double on the floor. 1-800-248-5071, that's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out online at dryconcepts.com. This is New Rogers. This is 516-2-8-plus. So, you're so big. Where is Natalie? Kidnapped? Round? Murder? Tonight is the very first time you're hearing an in-depth account from the main suspect. You're on Vander's Loast. You, with the last person to be with Natalie. Tell me, yes, it doesn't put you in a good position. Maybe it's always time to go to the police and tell them exactly what happened. Are you ready to tell the truth? Yeah. Something happened to her. Did you harm Natalie Halloween? Yes. What? Did you kill Natalie Halloween? Yes. I did it. Natalie, it's gone. Why would you do that? The sexual predator and the f*** skull. When Brian talked, continues. Do you remember the last time you saw her? The last time I saw her, two of us swimming with trucks. There's an exemption for our being in a whole wild Dutch VW. The other day. Of course, she's concerned. Just like Luca. Luca, brush, she's just with the fish. That's where she is. But don't tell that to what's in the media cons, because what else are you going to talk about? No! Man, that's just gotta be for you. It has to be. I mean, what are the peacock executives thinking about what they're watching at? If they are. It's really, I mean, she sounds like she's got like, like her, like her vocal cords are in a vice. You know, you heard my balls in a vice. She's got her cords in a vice. If she were attractive, I'd say, that's something. But she's not. So she is as me as as they come in. You've got to shnise, uh, oh, go for radio. 148 at 560 WQAM. And now the single DACA ends up the good old performance abortion, which is why Dr. Miriam McCree, who looks like a guy, has come out of retirement. Once you twice a month, he's 70 year old grandma who looks more like grandpa. It looks like, uh, al-luis. Takes a 45 minute flight from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Of course, that's, uh, that very northern and tier thing, you know? Strange people. To soon falls South Dakota and perform abortions of the last time, can the state willing to offer the procedure. Twice a month, he's got a fly there. I want every child that's for to be born into a family that wants a child. I don't want children to be born into a family where they're not wanted. And can't be cared for carefully. That's the tragedy she said. She is one people making unwanted babies, George. South Dakota is the focal part of the nation's debate over abortion. Oh, for abortion, backed by a strong crowd, we know about that. Christian movement, that's what it says. They got a Christian movement. I think I had one of those in the oldest morning. Smell like a Christian movement. Man. John, maybe I can be baptized. Maybe I was baptized in the charbore, nobody told me about it. That could be. Speaking of whatever one, any, and the Muslims don't do baptized in the Jewish certainly, so it's got to be the goiim. Does anybody else do the baptized? Buddhist don't do that? No, I don't know. Huh? But yeah, maybe the science colleges, they like shower naked together. The guy is anyway. Right, Tommy? You're fairie. The US Capitol Police, yesterday submitted it. This is what I'm, are you talking about a way? You talk about a racial thing. This is disgusting. And of course, misplot, she just have nervous breakdown about this. I like, oh man, just unbelievable. The US Capitol Police yesterday submitted their case against representant Cynthia McKinney to the US Attorney's Office, which I'll consider whether the Georgia Congress will rule face charges for tangling with the law enforcement office their last week. We're working with the Capitol Police to fully understand and appreciate the incident. Principal assistant, US Attorney Channing Phillips to the AP, sending the ongoing investigation to claim to say whether the referral included a recommended charge against the six term Democrat or what award for arrest might be issued. McKinney spokesman, cause Carson, now's the investigation. Where web that the wheels are turning in Washington, Carson said, we have no control of what they decide to do. We'll make the appropriate statement and take the appropriate action once we know what they're going. For her part, McKinney said she expressed to represent her suburban and United District for many years. Wraish to sure that I'm doing the work they sent me to Washington to do. Nothing is going to keep me away from our responsibility to hold a crowd of supporters of Atlanta on yesterday. And by the way, the surveillance tape that they got there, it doesn't show the confrontation with the police. It shows her going in there, but doesn't show any altercations or it's not on the tape. So it's his word against her word. She was on yesterday and she was a peo and right for the self. You go sentia, screw that stupid bastard. She said it's like only 14 black Congresswoman air in the, like this, he came to recognize her. Like what's the problem? And she's got a pretty interesting dude too. So if you know, she'd be somebody with like sticking your mind, you know. If that's racist America for you, man, bunch of racist bastards. Just look at this poll here. Only deport Cubans 330. I mean, what kind of notion is that just because those old green tooth Cubans piss you off and it'll have a lot of things to aggravate everybody. Why take it out on all the Cubans, including the hot weather ones that are hot to try? Right? Yeah, whatever you say. Well, whatever you mean, whatever I say, what's wrong with that? In fact, I don't know any Cubans who aren't hot to try. Some of them a little bit too much when you come right down to it. Especially the old ones. Oh my god. Christian Wright starts to lose faith in the GOP. Well, let me ask you where they go in. Maybe they just go home. When that's a good one. Go away. Like at the end of the FCC song here. Just go away. Oh, go away. And the political culture wars religious conservatists say they've been left in candidates, but not in the results they want. And leaders worry they might be about to lose Christian conservatists as a political force because of unmet expectations out of host of issues and stumbles by a Republican administration they help to elect. They help to fix two elections. Conservative values vote has been crucial to Republican success. With religious leaders driving huge voter turnout and recent elections. If they lack enthusiasm this fall, I should say the GOP for lose control of Congress. Oh, right. The nation isn't focused today in a way. It was on such issues as abortion mirrors the nature of the family said the Reverend Lawrence White of Houston for us it's not the economy stupid. It's the morality stupid. Right. We need good moral folks like the Bush family. The Reverend Rich Scarborough at East Texas Evangelist whose group vision America sponsored a two day conference in beginning Christian activist and robbed the 2006 elections since he hopes to mobilize groups representing 20 million people to motivate them. He offers list of 10 grievances in their program to register voters and press candidates to pass specific legislation. We're tied up talk. We want action. He said action. I'd like that. They're tied up all the small talk. They want action. They want to see a bunch of dead things if nothing else. Right? I need some action. That's what he said. It occurs to Western no matter who's in the White House or who says what we want to hear. Nothing ever changes. Oh, it's changing all right. A lot of people changing their underwear every five minutes. Way to get set off for a nice quick shower. It's a gas. In fact, I understand that when you buy bear ass burn, they even save a bunch of free pass for little gas. One fifty four is never doing. Remember that promo that Tommy had for the gas. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. That's the reason. He's still a history layer. Well, if I got Tommy didn't get asked, you know, X what? A question. 1392, may not get 100 to that. You got Christopher Columbus. If only Christopher could have known what he was getting us into. You know, Columbus. 1393, we need some votes and next six minutes to get to 1400. There'll be a real feather in our crap. Wouldn't it? It'd be something. Oh, God. My brother's used to wear it. They used to wear feathers in their calves. They're silly Frenchmen, you know. And those were the oldie woods. Who else wore feathers in their calf? You name them. They were Indians. The Indians, the English. Those that blows an arrow. He just didn't cut it. One fifty four a Q amp, bringing out being outdoors and south Florida. Lot you really need comfortable shoes. So the only place to go to take really good care of your touch. He's his brandy shoes in Pompano Beach. Brandy scary's major brands like Florisham, echo mafester, rockport, Hushpuppies, new balance lots of other name brands all sizes from And women in the even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes. Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida. And when you see the selection and value get a brandy, you're going to Stand by a wave about them and have been for years. Go see our good friend Arnie at Brandy's. How make sure you get to write a mini shoe, a fitting shoes for your feet. Write a fitting shoes. See I'm doing the Italian now because that guy's going to company. And to write a price. Brandy says like an apartment store where you have to wait a long time to get Service then finding when somebody waits on you. They say, oh, you like these over here? Sorry, don't have those on your size. Get out of here. The only thing they do a brandy is shoes. So you never have to worry about size selection service or price. They're unbeatable brandy shoes that 12 million with federal highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side. Can't miss it. Brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday till nine and every Sunday till five. And this week is a great time to buy. Essay issues at Brandy say 20 to 40 bucks a pair. I'm all great men's of women's Essay estows this week at Brandy's or you can shop on their website if you like at Brandy's shoes. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. 8. We need again if we don't want to go from the bush but tell that left us all this week. We go then to blind the sickle. We want our two feet. We start the bombs dropped from the skies from far away. Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we just We've known. Surprise to get to see Clond and I'm afraid that the more one won't be the more. We need again with our home that my friends. Civil rights will be restored from Sunday. I'm tired of it. We need again if we don't want to go from the bush to blind the sickle. We need again if we don't want to go from Sunday. We need again if we don't want to go from Sunday. Oops. A child obesity is a national epidemic. But how can you teach your kids healthy eating habits? It's easy with low carbness or potato head. Cool. Low carbness or potato heads. You're a meatman and a fish. And it's sweet. I made it up ham. You have all the parts of low carbness or potato head are made from all the healthy for your kids should eat. Put in eyes made from sickle or a mouth made from court lines. Do we get the eats of the cano? No kids. That's cars. That's why you should never eat vegetables or fruit or bread or dairy products. If you want your kids to grow healthy don't get them toys like five-to-gold or basketballs. Find them low carb, Mr. Potato Head. From the makers of little tiny Sancio Classic. See I was just blown away by the fact we had 14 number three votes. Bye bye. Bye bye. When it comes to sports. I'm so excited. We're going to get to that door. Are you sure? We're going to go 5-6. Will you be okay? We're having 4 Maradio. They're train monkey. Another train monkey. You just cost me 6,000 dollars.