Yeah, well, he's not very good. He sucks. He has nothing to the telecast. Nothing. Zero. Let's have 40 people in the booth. What do you say? That was really good early in the game when they had the NASCAR guy on our Whoopin' Hello, I was. They had them all jambed in their squeeze into the booth. And Joe, Joe a fiasman. I don't give a crap if he's a driving race car. I wish he would drive into the wall and kill himself. Yeah, shut him up already. Any other shut him up, please. Jesus, he's just out of control. He thinks the whole telecast we tune in to see about him. Not the game, you know, although quite frankly. Walvin Merck Arkansas, Randy Wooten figured he'd get at least one vote in his bid for mayor of this town of 80 people even who was just his own vote. He did not. Now I asked him to sell whether to file a formal protest. Wooten got the news from his wife rock sand and went to city hall on Wednesday to see the election results. He saw my name with zero votes next, which he came on Wednesday if I voted for myself or not. I said I did. Said Wooten was over a local bar. However, points of county results before the Wednesday show an incumbent way to make rule with 18 votes. Challenge your running champion with 18 votes and Wooten with the big zero. I had at least either nine people said they go to for me so something's wrong with his picture, Wooten said. Points of county election commissioner, John O' way, pain, John O' way. Said the issue of the discussion, no action taking it. It's our understanding from talking with the secretary of state's office that a quarter would have to be attended or to open the machine and check the total she said. The votes were cast on electronic voting machine but paper ballots were available. How do you like that? He voted for himself and either nine of his buddies vote reform and he got a big nothings if he knew that. Not that there's any hanky spanking goes out with election with machine stuff like that. Right. Over back up on our first three minute again. We apologize to that if he just tuned it online. We're sorry, Alvtenia. We'll be sorry. And if he just checked it online with us, the good news is Drew Rosenhaus is going to be a regular Wednesday morning feature. On our morning show, Kenny and Bob morning show until it goes off the year in a few weeks. Here's the yesterday's pull result. What's your take on these pull? I mean, they're doing everything they can to sanitize them. They're sandbag and I mean, as Kenny, we do that stupid or what? Seems like a decent guy, but he must be stupid. Seems like a very nice guy. Maybe he's been a radio tool online, in effect it is a brain. I mean, they're just leaving him down to Garden Path. Although he does sound very intuitive. He must be a good actor because he sounds very enthusiastic. But, oh, Drew Rosenhaus, he's a monster. He's a jackass. 1436 votes. What's your take on these pulls? We asked yesterday. They're fine. And that convinced me we're just continue clown right ahead. I would have an upward inward outward in and out. Thousands, 75 votes for their fine. Almost 75%. Once a week is good on the pull, 155. That's what George and I think. Once a week. Once a month. Sure. What's a year? I hate this pull 78, only 5.4%. That's not bad. The pull sucked. They sucked 66, you're with them 62. Not really big mandatory. When you got 75% say, they're fine. What's the big simmer story? He has to know what that means. What's the simmer for the pull? Oh, there's your girlfriend, Hillary, again. Who's due to real actors? And today, who's the biggest phony of them all? Thousands, 73 votes already. Our goal is a thousand, we got a thousand, 73. I'm going back to bed. Let me know when your sales manager comes in response to that question. We are OK. He just stone walls. He's an evil doer. Just like George already said, nothing could be fired and lose the Carolina. And they did last night his bucks. And this guy's a loser from Carolina. Thousands, 72 votes, who's the biggest phony of them all? And by the way, Joe Bell, we don't do any best of meal tapes. This week, next week, maybe George, I'll tell you a story about Roger Magdalene. I'll be happy to. I am. The biggest phony of them all. He would be good on the pool and you'll be good on the last. Yeah, imagine what you would know who that is. He's a 20. Big toss, skinny phony. See, I like Reneria. I hated Roger to be honest with it. Biggest phony of them all is Rush Limbaugh. And it's Bill Poppin' Rush. 403. Reverend Ted Haggard. Hey, Ted. You're fair. 162. I wonder if we got that bit about Reverend Ted. Oh, come on. Listen to his story about a preacher named Ted, the accused of taking that than heaven day, he says, just when you thought he was a super-righteous dude, I would consider his it's something to be true. Here's the fact that says, I listen online, they've been no breaks in the screen, since 9.57 a.m. when I tuned in sounds good. Thank you very much, Mr. Eiffax, or whoever you are. Maybe I was just getting some bad information on the website here on my web page, where that red thing kept coming up. It kept saying down, down, you're down, baby. You are down. Is what I said, did you see it? That's all. Anyway, Limbaugh 443. Reverend Ted, 162. Hey, Reverend Ted. You're fairy. Who likes, uh, he's got good health. That's what I showed. Dr. Phil 155, Bill O'Reilly 153, just wanted him as size is all he wanted. When you call up a gay hester, if you wanted him as size, as opposed to like a licensed masseuse, but they'd be you would. Bill O'Reilly 123, Oprah, that's she got my vote, 169, I hate that bitch. She is Joe. 10.67, dog about 100. Only, only, uh, about 30. And there was a crack smoking, no, funny. I hate this poll only, 28 to 1,000, and Ms. Mark Foley comes in the last. I thought he was sponsoring all that, uh, legislation about internet, uh, harassment of kids and, uh, yani, yani, yani, yani, I thought that was his bag, and then all of a sudden come to find out he was doing it. He's only got 27 votes. I guess he's old news now. You know, Mark Foley, who does Mark Foley? We got bigger face to fry. We got a gay governor like, gay, Charlie Christ, with Limprist. So, anyway, that's our poll for today, and the, you like it or not, and we're streaming everything's fine. Although we do have that, I'm not getting involved though. You're the one keeps trying to get back to that crap about Drew Rosenhaus, Steve. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Really frost my ass man. Every time they keep announcing all these segments, that's clearance again. Oh, let's have a regular segment every week. We'll have our win back on every Tuesday. Wednesday, it'll be Drew Rosenhaus. And if there's, they will have a, some old fart like Larry Coker on there, like that, you know. It's our free kids. But, yeah, all of Jesus. Anyway, they're doing man. I hate to say it. They seem like, you know, I mean, but we are with no good guy. We like him a lot, always in dollar. We even got him. He's, you know, he's obviously helping twist the armist because he's part of that sports fraternity. It's not a sports show. It would be much point heaven him on there, would there? Anyway, I'm not talking to myself. I don't know, honestly, it's fun for me because you talk up a storm before the show off the year. And then once we get on the year cycle, oh, what did I say? What did I say? What did I say? Nothing. All right. So, let me tell you about the Christmas party. The audience is invited. I'll give you the details a minute. All right. If you're expecting guest facilities, season and it's a great time to dial 1-800 mattress to guarantee them a good sleeping your house, plus it's style of mattresses dirty, if birthday. And to celebrate dialing mattress and simins are off for you, the lowest price of the year and the best selling, simins be the rest pillow top. You can choose from a sample of this biggest selection of simins be the rest and get same data delivery, like always. Like I've been doing for a long time. Call dialing mattresses are one of the most pleasant, one of the most simple pieces of shopping that anybody can do even a moron can do it. Call dialing mattress toll free, 1-800 mattress for a factory direct unbeatable prices and award-winning service to with no nonsense, no off-name brands, no BS. With dialing mattress just choose the date and time for your new mattress delivery. Seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 pm, even the same day that it's your call. Dialing mattress delivers when it's convenient for you. That's one of the many reasons of all that right. Number one in custom is satisfaction. My view is done for years. And my everybody at QM now just above is using dialing mattress. So the old mattress is headed. Go online and check them out at mattress.com or make that one easy call. That's all it takes. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES stands that last stands for sensational savings and stupid saleshold. If they pay you, they'll pay you. If they pay you, they'll pay you. If you're a rotator, score $0.50. If you pay you, damn. Know that the board even loves the old rotator. So our federal communications division formally provides the broadcast engineers, but now your older Lord's of decency is brings to an hour new at CC morality queen, the I-N-G. No wood is the queen. That's the real church lady, any match. This country was founded on new Christian values, which is true, but we say it was now. The show, the show, the show. The show, the show. The show, the show. The show. The real person? You are hereby ordered to fill that additional airtime with pro-boost proper gander. HBO, showtime, center max, star is a little low. They're all off the air. To be replaced by the Trinity network, Trinity, meaning their father, the son, and the Holy Ghost, not a ghost like Casper, but a real ghost. Oh, that reminds me, leave those stupid plumber guys on until they find the Holy Ghost, not those like Boo, but the Holy Spirit himself. My white, blue eye Jesus. I want to cleanse his feet. Foot fetishes are hereby approved. Where a burden books too, starting with the wizard of Oz, we Christians have always said that book for the longest time now, something about a gay prison or something is real heavy belief, gay people toss 9 or 10. Although I did like irreversible. Who's tenure? Oh, tenure. That's a poor Jesus, my dear. I want to Jesus ever had wild diarrhea. What do you think? What are your thoughts on that? How do you feel about dessert? 17, and if I have 60, WDQM, happy Tuesday, November 14, we got the mad dog to the 4-7, Nune, Poperia sports stuff. We got the power hour was hanging in mad dog together between 4 and 5. That's the hour that everybody in the world is talking about. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. They're talking about it. Hank Old Raga Solo between 5 and 7. Hurricane Wormop is seven o'clock. That should draw some fantastic audience. U.M. and Alcorn State of 730 college basketball, probably at the occasion. I'd like to follow that. Think we got problems. What do we do? We got to do it, we got 1100 and some votes already. 11, wait. That's great, isn't it? Yeah. So I think we can just fold up our tent right now for today and take the rest of the day off. I'll go find a good machine and you, you know. I'll go find a bag. I had a line for that, but I've been going to say it. Oh, bet. Here's a fact from Tracy and Campbell she says, I'd like to suggest Nancy Grace for the poll. Have a great day and PSI-Jourve. You too, Tracy. Good choice. Nancy Grace. Go, please. Thank you, friend. Thank you, friend. Jesus, call me as a 752 dollar bill. Call me, dear. Jesus, call me as a foul. Jesus, a foul. Disgusting, foul. Anyway. According to the Iranian media yesterday, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, they were only recently these stories about him because they're just like saying it. I'm not a DJ. The code that Israel was destined to disappear and destruction at a council meeting with Iranian ministers, the Russian power spread of the Zionist regime in order to expand the control of their area. The regime massacres Palestinians every day he said, but since this regime is against nature, we've assumed what this is disappearance and destruction said, Ahmadinejad. It's a mighty idea. I do, beg guys. Obviously, it needs a new wardrobe. So speaking of wardrobe, George tells me that great readers in the building risen a very expensive new suit. This work was, I didn't say new. Well, I better tell you what's going on to seem old ones, but never the luck of his pain for that expensive him. Let remember, in 16th of a span of what's our pouring in on that poll today. Wow, I think there are a scared after yesterday's poll, that we might chop these poles off and it'll have to load up with votes. You don't have to go crazy, you know. You like to pull a fine. If not just lay back, just relax. So anyway, speeder that WCM Christmas party, what kind of a date for a Christmas party is December 4th, early? Another one event is a picture of Aminura on this memo. And I can't even make out what this is because it's a fact you sent me. There's a Santa Claus and a stained glass window with, you know, baby G's, you're a scenery in Georgia. You're a piece of it? That's right. Oh my. And at the bottom, booze. When I see the booze at the bottom, that's what's going to attract George. He's going to be there for that. I'm sure free booze. Damn right, open bar. The power notices you can kiss Christmas party. I can't, I'm not going to go into detail post. Then people will show up. You're not invited, okay? Never did that last year. The year before I was joking about, I was going to tell people who were regained all bent out of shape. Wow, it's not open to the public. It's screw you, Greg. Up yours. Proper dress requires. So if I come down for the party, I will wear a nice dress. All right. To-to? No, not to-to. I think Hank needs a big, too, too. In fact, Hank needs a full full. That's where he needs right now. A double wide. Oh, Doug, you talked about losing some weight? No, no. I mean, how do you say that to the men? Well, Doug, I won't hold you. I lost three people. That talking to them didn't help. They got mad. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm not saying rinse. That was your job. No, I was already done talking to people about their weight by that person. Yeah. I tried with him, too, and it didn't work. I said, at the track, I'd tell him, no, we don't want any rules on the table because I get there early and they just get mad at you and resign. He'd tell him to take the rules off and then he would reach back and think he would take the thing of rules off the table behind us before the other people would show up and he'd start shoveling down. I'm sure he'd reach for rules all the time. No. By the time I had far to reach. CNN has reported that Senator Mel Martinez, one of the most anxious subhuman pieces of terror who ever dropped on the earth, has been picked by President Bush to have to be public and national committee. Martin is a Cuban born senator elected in 2004 as ace. He has staunched the conservative on most social issues to say the least. The senator has been the target of an FEC investigation in the under-reporting of campaigned at by half a million dollars and another FEC complaint regarding improper solicitation of corporate donations. That's your senator, Mel Martinez, who named ends in a Z. And it's the only reason he got elected is because he's a big hit in his name ends in a Z. His chief legal counsel resound early last year after became known that Martinez was responsible for the Terry Shavod talking points circulated among Republicans, all that limits about Terry Andrew. That was him behind all that crap. And of course, what can I say? One of the other 29 votes on the pool. We got the 760 friends on my space on our my space page, which Josh is for an ancient other touch flag like me is pretty good. That is good. The online social networking phenomenon my space is come under fire for allowing death throw inmates to maintain personal profiles on the hugely popular site. At least 30 minutes. There's a way to execute. The text has pages on my space, which is used by millions of teenagers around the world socialized make friends. RS760 people are not teenagers. I don't think I don't know if any of them are. I haven't checked all those things out. I don't think they are. Some of them. Are they? They have teenagers listening to the show? Yes you do. Well they must be interested in what's going on in a world or maybe they just have very six-inch of humor. Both. Both of you. Sure. Groups working with crime victims have demanded that the website my space which is owned by group or more box news corporation removes these prisoners. The profiles list the inmates have these in personalities and some include blogs in which prisoners relate to daily doing some death throw their favorite music and films even the crimes that were convicted of. As prisoners in out of internet access to profiles are created managed for them by friends and relatives who receive prisoners updates in the form of letters. I think you ought to draw the lines somewhere as an anti-K hand directive and office at the worst of crime victims. He has written to my space asking the site to reconsider having paid his credit and maintained for convicted criminals especially murderers. Somewhere out there in the city there's a murderer on the loose. Do the right thing. Turn yourselves in right now. Do it. Is it within your policy to allow the justice to answer? I can't have a breakdown from that show. I'm just going to have a nervous breakdown. So good thing we're not playing those long-pandlers promos anymore. No more promos for the humble. Is it within your policy to allow the glorification of killers by giving them a platform to influence young minds, Mr. K. and Rode? Are there specific guidelines within my space that would prohibit giving convicted felons of platform for all the world to see? Question mark? My space is yet to be spawned was request. The profiles are similar to other pages on the site containing photos, many show in the inmates in their prison uniforms and messages in their mice-based friends. One in May, Randy Happen 29 was involved in the death of a police officer, right? I think I'm a pretty funny guy. I have a black sense of humor. I can be a big kid and heart. I'm a hopeless, no one in hopeless romantic. He said. He's hopeless. Somewhere out there there's a hopeless murderer on the loose. Somewhere out there, somebody knows something. All I will say this if they went to you and were they do booty? They don't know much. The fence road is getting their education and I use the term very loosely. They don't know too much. Believe me when I tell you. Do you believe me? No. You can't spell scum without you, M. That's not actually a labor force. He's got a real sense of humor. 1135 votes on the poll. What's the biggest tone of the mall? Rush Limbaugh and he's got this baby nail. That was going to touch pill pop at Rush. 466 votes for fat ass rush. Reverend Ted Haggard, 172, Dr. Phil I'm 31. Boy, he I can't stay him. There's a lot of people I don't likely. Lee and it's not good. Maybe you people I mean you know. People we see about on the news. Why is that not good? Well, it's very good. Dr. Phil I'm 32. You see you have to feel something. You know you rely on some kind of emotion. Whether it's love or just disgust or revulsion or nausea like when you hear the Jew Rose Nass is going to be our station every Wednesday morning help. Just throw that morning show. Jew Rose and House my ass. Jesus God. And you're all using have a good enough talk with Kenny. I didn't have a chance. Dr. Phil I'm 32. Go Riley I'm 31. Oprah I'm 76 that fat bitch. Jeff Bush fat ass Jim 70. We might have talked about fat. Oh man am I. Well not good. Not good news. Miss Foley's up for 32 that have a crit. Dog the bounty hunter is still stuck at. About 30 minutes only if they heard me read that story yesterday about his big crack problem has been in 2 great a month on crack cocaine. While he's a chance doesn't everybody else about the doing drugs and that all the people that tell you don't do this and don't do that you wanted to watch because they're doing it that's right. It's just like the Catholic church all this business about the gay pride parade and which they canceled by the way. You're Russel and did they they don't want you messing with those uh... flags because they they want to do. Especially the good looking ones like the switch guard. Dog the bounty hunter 30 I hate this full only 28 2.4% and Nancy Grace we put her on air and Nancy so far has got the and Richley deserves. The biggest name so best challenge for the business. You'll promise us for 20.560. You and for David's a bitch. You can try to get your blood out of the pot. You can try to get your blood out of the pot. Oh, you can try to get your blood out of the pot. You could spit-in-reli-c THEY too, get your blood out of the pot. ahhhhhhhhflows, pansy pansy. I told you to get your blood out of the pot. And you could jump your torso, and Sweed Knee. And when the day comes, it's happening to pot-car for a car. You can move the evidence when the car's breaking in that at the time. Where? Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. All that goes to the pot. Let's go. Let's get on the other side. 10.32.28 to lower than 5.60. WQM happy Tuesday. Tuesday too. I think we took this poll once before, but they hadn't really been on that long. It wasn't fair to Kenny and Boa Tica survey on the morning show how he all in flex it. OK, now they've been on for a while. Maybe for tomorrow we'll take a poll and ask him, what their take is on the Kenny and Boa show. Just one choice. Way too much sports. I'm just thinking out loud. I'm not going to do that. Just something for me to think about. Because I get angry about it. I just get angry and angry or more and more pissed off. But nevertheless, we're doing OK. Yeah. Immigrants arrested in the US may be held indefinitely on suspicion of terrorism. They may not challenge their imprisonment in civilian courts. The Bush administration said yes. They opening a new legal fund to the fight over the Maristory Tainees, which of course the Bush people said they were heavenly. They ain't got no rights. In court documents filed with a 40 West Circuit Court of Appeals and Richmond, Virginia. The Justice Department said a new anti-terrorism lobbying used to hold Tainees and Gitmo also applies to foreigners captured in the US. Like, you know if they just have to get off a plane from like Amsterdam or somewhere like that. Yeah, like tourists. Ali Salat Kalah al-Mari, a citizen of Gutter, was arrested in 2000 as a woman while studying in the USA. He's been labeled as an enemy combatant to disemason an under-relaw sign last month. Strip supporters of the rights of challenge their detention in federal courts. That law's been used to argue that the Gitmo cases, but al-Mari represents the first Ytainee inside the US to come under the new law. Aliens normally have the right to contest their imprisonment sessions when they're arrested on immigration violations or for other crimes. Like, George is going to be very soon for being in legal area. It's pretty soon that any alien living in the US can be denied this rights to Jonathan Hoffett's and attorney for al-Mari. It means any non-citizen in there are millions of them can be wished off a night and be put in detention. Just kind of like this appear, you know. This banish in the thin air. The new law says that enemy combatants will be tried before military commissions not a civilian judge or jury and establishes different rules of evidence in the cases. It also prohibits detainees from challenging the retention of an in court. In a separate court following in Washington yesterday, the Justice Department defended their law as constitutional and necessary. That's not to say that the little Alberto V. O. F. Gonzales, he's probably doing something with Malmartini. Fairbred attorney said foreign fighter, you know what I mean by doing something? No, what? Yeah, go ahead for me. The detail. Government attorney said foreign fighter is arrested as part of an overseas military action. They have no constitutional rights and are being afforded more legal rights than ever. In its short following in the Almadi case, the Justice Department doesn't mention that Almadi is being heavily military prison in South Carolina. A fact that as attorney say affords in the same arts is anybody else being held in the USA. The Justice Department noted only that the new law applies to all enemy combatants to be gravissed at the location of the detention. The Bush administration maintains that Almadi is now kind of sleeper agent. The defense department already review of Almadi status and enemy combatants to be conducted as requested. He's a sleeper agent, maybe? He's a sleeper. Wonderful. He knows about that. Wasn't that his movie sleepers? Yes, it was. Two of his two of his movies if you ask me. Now, can you believe that he did the last point? I do believe it. He's been guilty of making good movies in the past despite the fact that he makes our interview all. Yeah, he's a nubbitch. Love it. I've written a set of seven of those. Your anti-Smancy system acting up again. That's what it is. He was like some atheist. Oh, by the way, it was a pretty interesting thing. They had their own city confidential about a madleno hair and her. We started son. They're all still dead by the way. I have to mow him. Why do you still have her on a lap? Back in the day. I would say even though that did you. Yeah, you told me. Head around and show actually in the studio. We had like a wife in the seat. She was a big pair out to do that. Not what she was thinking of either. What I'm thinking of. She had big balls. I have a little. She would read it. And of course on the phone. You know, and here's a little piece of interesting trivia, which I'm sure he didn't know. The day I decided never to have any more guest on his show. It was the Saturday morning. That's right. I was working Monday through Saturday. And Saturday I was doing mid-days at INZ, 10 to 2. And then Saturday morning I do like after you went. But early. I don't know when. Maybe it was 10 to 2. And she was, of course, in my guest on the phone on Saturday. Whenever it was probably 87, maybe 6 or something. And I got an inspiration. I thought you know, I've talked to her 80 million times already. And she's great. She was a great guest, you know, for the big mouth. But well, let's deploy. You know, guest. It's narrow casting. And just like this thing would do Rosenhaus. It just makes me, it may vary angry, you know. Makes me very, very angry. Because nobody will listen to me. What else could I possibly know? And I'm not sure if you're a hero casting. Today we're going to talk about baseball cards. Anybody out there doesn't care about baseball cards. Hey, we'll see you tomorrow. Maybe hopefully you'll come back. Can I like that? Like that. Remember Mr. Eagle used to do the shows on baseball cards because he had his clamp going. In fact, in every one day, he came to work late because he had a flat tar on his way back from the baseball card show. Remember that? And I would be? Nope. Now, you weren't doing affinones when he was on earth. More working in it. Yeah. He was. But I was a rovers. I was working on that show, you know. You're a rovers. Over and over night weekends. That kind of stood up for people. Well, one day he didn't happen to show up a little bit late because he had a flat tire. Come in. Of course, he could have been coming from home and had a flat tar, but he was coming from some baseball cards show. You know, when you were working at two o'clock in the afternoon, that's not a good time to be showing up late. I can understand if you're doing a morning show, you know, he need to be in there like at five thirty in a morning and you'll be asleep. I can understand that. Or if you're going to be doing a show that starts at 10 o'clock in a morning, like Marvin Rawman couldn't show up on time because he was always over-sleeping too. Another loser that you'd be friended. Who's the biggest phony of them all? Lemon at 84 votes. Of course, I think you and he had only one thing in common that was drugs. I think that's what the, but I might be here some of the go with those engines. I don't know. You never ever ever ever ever ever ever happened with that. What was the upshot of that whole deal? I don't know. You don't know that. What's the upshot deal with that? First Jones and sales that isn't responding to your little lovely left of the end. I think you made that up. You know that's why I left him a big note. Well, leave a big D-by-year. It's got a big load on his desk back there. Maybe that might wake him up. Oh, did you hear something go wrong? Yeah. You know, with this Chris. I think that's one of the reasons where he's show many problems with this new, and this whole new sales regime. Good for Chris. Yeah. Lemon at 84 votes. Biggest phony of them all is wrestling ball. We already conceded the him the evictory. He's got 494 votes. He's got almost 42% of all the votes. Rush. They hate you, Rush. You big fat pill poppin phony. You doctor shoppin, pill poppin. Reverend Jen Haggard, I've written 70. Sixy just wanted a massage. You're fair. Yeah. Dr. Phil I'm 35. Phil I'm Riley I'm 33. He's right on Dr. Phil's ass. And I'm sure wouldn't be the first time. Olipura 79. Talentless bitch. Proceeds going to save the world. I'm going to say again, the fact that they had a speaker in their yesterday. It had to attribute to Martin Luther King Jr. That was just it was nauseating. nauseating. Not who the hell is she? She's some teeny bimbo bitch. Oh, who's Oprah? She's like, you know, anybody that's got like one name. Be very nervous about people with like one name. You know what I mean? Like a man. Everybody else? Good. Yeah. Madonna. Venus about her adopting them blackheads. Share. Share. Oh, I'd be real nervous about her. They're totally dysfunctional family. Help fix that 2000 election. Jimmy says we got it. Jimmy says we got it. Mark Holy. He's got 33. She likes him young and hung. Dog the bounty hunters stuck there on the. I'm not turning it. It's not all about. I hate this full 29. 2.4% and I guess I guess Tracy and Kendall must have released. He voted for her choice that she fags to. Nancy Grace. Solomon tape. Uno. The 50's name. So the best challenge to the. The 50's name. The rocker. Sports radio 560. You. And I'm. I'm. You're. I'm. My. Junior. Hi. You. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. Hoddie. Three. Maybe. Kids shouting. I know. Men. What. Why. Children. Mommy. 칠啵啵. Mommy. drie. Three. Meijo. hydro.اخ華. Chevron. Czyst monkaid foster. Ending off higher goldblood gates for squelter 3401par I'd buy some of hisitz Considerment warmer Vibron rises 80% intended 150% 130 Br going up 10 translate cap You get your fruit or showable by putting the logic out of proportion to just a pie and your even age. Out my eyes I'm talking backwards by doing my fun. Oh, damn, I was looking at both of these guys and he's got three, four, one, what's with ball? Oh, drug abuse, short beat, hit! Let's catch him off guard. Here's a cock, you ain't gonna hold. See there's nobody on it. I'm sure the monitor monitor's just to make sure that there wasn't anybody on it. The one thing you can do, you can see what this monitor looks like. What do you mean by that? I'll just all kind of double in triple images that hasn't orphaned a dog's age. Really? Oh yeah. Are you starting again? Now what was Chris Jones' response to your message by the way? 13 before that, as 5 or 60 WQN, the home of total indifference man, we just don't care. How do you like that? We don't care. You got a problem with us? We don't care. You got a problem with life, we still don't care. Maybe there's on 30 day of last week, cancel the parade. Here's the story I was looking for and I found it. Cancel the parade in Jerusalem, amid security concerns, or wait a minute, here's one for the app. Jesse Jackson would love that to be a good phone, as somebody says. Thank you Tom. Put Jesse on there. Jesse is not a child. We're doing that. I said that again by the way, yes, yes. No time to get out of the old stuff here last the few days. I didn't notice that. Crazy. Well, between on and the end of the year, it's like, you know, it's my stow's a time. Call living in a past. I'll look at that. They're called like crazy. No, a few a and no sir. I'm not taking any more calls. What? In fact, I better reach over and shut that thing off. I did. The leaders of last Thursday, canceled the parade in Jerusalem, amid security concerns, and pressure from fundamentalist religious leaders who calls to say, public display in the Holy City offensive, offensive, via smear. The gay pride parade scheduled for last Friday, drew opposition from Jews, Christians, and Muslims, while hundreds of ultra-orthodox Jews, then the leaders who are probably by clashing with police and burning trash bins in the streets several nights over the last week. The real far bison. Police have planned to post nine thousand officers to protest marchers, but authorities have to organize this to scale back the gathering, amid reprisal threats. After Aaron is rarely artillery shells, kill 18 Palestinians, civilians and guns on Wednesday, and under one of those oops deals. You know, oops. There's a door again. Oops. Organizers of redelasters, they returned the public parade into a rally, held inside a closed stadium. The parade discreet has become a flashpoint in the battle for gay rights in Israel, drawing conflicting senses from secular society members, and influential religious getskies, a conservative. Over time, we achieved a lot more than we expected, and puts us in a very good place in the cultured world, said Uzi Evin, a nuclear scientist. He was the first open-the game member of his rally as real parliament. Now we're being dragged back into the dark world of religion, he said. Now we'll say he is... We're absolutely correct, sir. Rabbi Yo-Sith El-Nikaba, a prominent religious leader, is set allowing the parade to proceed with surrendering to mental illness. Top Muslim leaders said homosexualities are crime and demanded police punish those involved in the parade. Christian evangelical groups in Jerusalem are called the parade provocative, and demanded the public venue be changed, did it? Despite the reaction to Jerusalem, many cities have thriving gay scenes, and the Israeli military, and influential and respected institution is banned from discriminating against gays. Homosexuals are drafted in the Army for mandatory service, and given the opportunity to progress up the ranks, up the ladder. They climb up the ladder, and hopefully are looking straight up. Efforts by the gate community would improve for same-sex marriage, a key issue in the US in Europe face a major obstacle in Israel's rabbinical authorities who will manipulate over Jewish marriage and divorce, second a group to be fighting a law-passed and parliament permitting civil marriages. A place where a getskies go. That's what Israel's all about. Getskies, fanatics. That's what we need to be talking about, but not even the so-called progressive Democrats. That's what nobody's talking about. They don't have the balls to do it. We're in a war against religious fanatics. Not just against Islam, though fascists and Muslim-based, we're against civilists nuts. That's what it's all about. Yeah, but our nuts are the good ones. Yeah, just ask me, I'll tell you. I know if you've good nuts. How are we doing on the pool? We got 1200 votes yet? Well, it would be. We've got 119 holy, moly, red man. Don't keep talking about the pool, then they won't go on it. A California voter is told raw story and doesn't get much more raw than this. That she was verbally intimidated and physically assaulted by a polem's factor after asking that pro-life anti-abortion stickers outside of pulling place be removed or covered. There were two cars parked in the driveway adjacent to the polem. The choice bumper stickers on the back windshield. When I opened the pool, or I told him there was a violation of election laws to have an electionary and literature within 100 feet of the polling place at Joe San Feathers, a civil engineer elected member of the San Diego County Democratic Central Committee. The polling place, which has a long-mastimaling address is located in the uncorporative area of San Diego's East County, originated by conservative Christians. See what I'm saying about crazy religion is again? But it doesn't matter like that. We hate two people like poison, man, because hate is your game. That's the name of the game is hate. Photos indicate the presence of stickers reading pro-choice that's a lie. Babies don't choose to die, and every force baby dies from choice on a vehicle clearly park beside the polem prince. The California ballot included an initiative that would require parental consent for miners to obtain an abortion. Andrew Kordasky, DDS owner of the property in a polling spectrum of the county's San Diego, moved one vehicle but declined to move the other, which had a flat tire. I'll come like Mr. Eagle on away from that baseball card show. After Fedus suggested that he cover the controversial sticker she recalled he went ballistic. He got in my face and started calling me a baby killer and said if I wanted to bump her stickers, covered him with my self, cover them with my, I don't want to ask, maybe. It doesn't say that, I'm thinking that's what he's thinking. Asked whether we call Fedus a baby killer, Kordasky replied, of course he is a baby killer. That's my first amendment right. He maintained that Fedus did not advise to move his car. I didn't know when he refused to cover the stickers on the car with the flat tire. She started screaming. She got, she went ballistic. Like that. Kordasky, as for her name an occupation in called her stupid. I never screamed. I told him this was in an appropriate conversation. I have a polling place. He told me to go to hell. She told her, it sounds like one of the good religions fundamentalist Christians. Isn't it good? I'll follow. Our plant that he was obviously not religious man since he told me to go to hell. The report actually burned and held and it offered property immediately. Go to hell. I was trespassing. At that point he shoved me, pushing me backwards. After she insisted she had a right to vote in the polling place. Kordasky told her, she couldn't enter his home and then he would let me vote outside she had it. Kordasky denies pushing her, testing Fedus. He also denies that he tried to prevent her from entering the polling place. I didn't spend eight years at the University of California in the medical dental biological field. I mean, idiot, the rise of 74 said, the retired dentist. He likes drill on him. But Robert Eder, a hoder, who witnessed the loud verbal exchange confirmed that Kordasky initially refused to laugh at is to vote. He told her to leave. That's what I thought was a polling and fact he pointed her and said, you can't come into my house. Then he pointed to people behind her and said, you people can come in and she can. Kordasky got in her face and told Fedus, you can go to hell because he knew a republican who owns a real estate development company. The third generation Japanese American whose father was a war hero during WWII, Eno said he was expected by this for a speak now. What if he's kind of judge-e though? Hmm. He was expected for a speak now about something that I think is not legal. Regardless of one's personal news and a barren. Eno didn't recall St. Kharoski push-fedness as to be what it felt intimidated by Kharoski's behavior, however he said. Absolutely. Absolutely. Under California, Lushenko'd intimidation of orders is a colony. Both Kharoski and Fettis recalled that a lot of approximately dozen voters were being outside of the pool, witnessed the altercation that the polling place opened 10 to 15 minutes late. During this whole time, no one had come to my defense and a few people in line started heckling me as well said Fettis, who called the register our voters or office on our cell phone, they told me to call a police. Then a gentleman further behind me spoke up and said I had a right to vote. That was them. Why did one it? Is it was? Whatever color he was. Eno urged that the polling place be opened inside both Eno and Fettis noted that at least one voting machine was positioned so that the vote was not allowed to be taken. So that the voters' privacy was not protected from onlookers. I would have felt uncomfortable, said he'd owe it's like all you do a bathroom that doesn't have any stalls. I've been in some of those. Linda Miller at the register our office declined to provide names of other voters. It's kind of hard to real glory holes, though. No, no. What do you do then? Whatever you can. Fettis had planned a way for a paper ballot because she mistrusted the dive-old electronic voting machines, which he noted, since I was afraid that the product was going to disturb my paper ballot. I opted to use the touchscreen machine she texted. One of the approximately five touch screens broke down when the first voter was using it. None of the machines had privacy screens. It was like sitting and going into a bathroom and didn't have any stalls. How do you like to have a bathroom with those stalls? There are two I am. Oh my god. So, no. No, no. Go go out. If it goes splatter, what's the matter? That's what Fettis used to say. Oh my god, what a place. And so Joe Bell says, the next time you come to town, you're going to combine CS and like that. 1230 votes, 1230, that's the WL, what is that? Which one was that? Oh, that was WDG and no, it was Palm. It was 1230. Of course not a cheap channel, let's move them all over the village. I got J&O and J&A and J&U and J-EW and whatever. Do you read you? So I have no idea. But that was 1230 was WDG and no. Next, right? Okay. And I have my signal was so good that you've almost here all the way across the lake, right across the street. Oh, no. So this is the real Roger's, for Squidio 560. You made him. This is the real Roger's show. This is your brain. Any questions? Any questions? I am the sushi and she has no idea where to get the. I see kids from a two-way mirror, see a prize. I'm fine. Sitting out of no place. I'm in that the front of the couch. Ladies and gentlemen, taking off the garbage, not a bit of a bad advice, but it is done. I am a fresh man. And I'm a fresh man. I'm in the oven. A wrap of peace. Waiting for my thing to harden the pink shorts. I'm a fresh man. If a prize I'm trying to take off the garbage, I'll be both such to rain. I am a fresh man. Check out your dress, man. May I know my name? Look at the bubbles we've got in the oven. This is sexy, sexy. 1230's show, she's fake, the show girl. She's a real woman. She's having evil, she begs of me with this advice. I'm rising. That's the show, she's in love with us. She's having a safe life. Love and passion, you'll be a good thing. I'm a better see at the ear, I should fall at you. I don't understand a word in that video. You'll love it, too. What? That's probably just as one. 11.025. 60W. If you have me two, do you? We've got mad dog, two, and then power, and then the hub for five to seven, then hurricane warm up. We got hurricane basketball. Now, is that came a home game or is that an Alcorn state? And if you put a gun to my head, I couldn't tell you where Alcorn state is. And I have heard of it. But if you put a gun to my head, you couldn't make me care. Alcorn state. And Google it. It's outside warming Mississippi. Oh, and it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud. That's what parents say. When you think he did be off to, is that a home game or what? We don't know. And we don't care. You think anybody else cares? I'll tell you one thing. You can't complain about the crowd at the, panther's capital, the capital game last night, which is a panther's last better way for the one. You can't complain about that crowd because it wasn't any. Or nobody there. I saw a little bit of that game. I was enough to make you a grown man cry. I want to sit down and put your head in your hand and just cry. Like in that bit of display. Was nobody's doing putting his head in his hands and crying? Oh, here's the, now this is the article I wanted, and this is it. And why did I, why do you let me read that other one? Of a bastard? You are. James Carroll and the Boston Globe. War, religion, and gay rights. It was on our website, so maybe five or 10 of you read it already, but probably not. He says in Jerusalem, Muslims in Jews of Hong common cause attacking gay people. A gay pride parade was scheduled for Friday in Palestinian areas. Muslim leaders vigorously condemned homosexuality as criminal and an ultra-orthodox neighborhood's Jewish demonstrative stage of rockist protests, rockists as a result, organizes cancel the parade. One of them said, now we're being dragged back into the dark world of religion. Like I just read only moments ago. In US election's last week, while a wave of change was reversing relations conservative direction, a counter wave pressed in it to attack gays. On the ballot in the states where amendments defining marriages between a man and a woman a direct computation of the right of homosexual couples to marry, and seven of those states he meant past. One of those was Colorado where a leader of the anti-gamerage movement passed her 10th Haggard. Two fairy had to wait before been forced out of his position instead of new life-thurching Colorado's slaves because of a large relationship with a male prostitute when a prostitute died. In his resignation letter, Haggard confessed, I'm a deceiver and a liar. There's a part of my life that is so we've posted on the dark that have been worrying against it all my adult life. Come and listen to the story of the preacher named in Massachusetts, it's had a last week's constitutional convention that Commonwealth's four Catholic bishops to prepare political initiative, calling on Catholics to prejudice and pressure legislators to support an anti-gamerage amendment here. The convention recess without taking action but the bishops had demonstrated the absolute priority of rolling back the rights of gays to Murray. When public crises are defined by an immoral American war, universal cuts and social services, violence among young people resurgent nuclear arsenals, rising global inequity unprecedented jeopardy of the earth itself, liar of bishops have said to this particular question. Same sex, erotic love is not the issue. Humans including Catholic bishops have long accommodated it, but that accommodation assumes denial and shame with phrase demonstrators in the streets of cross cultures and what shows up in the US's values, politics, mobilizing bishops is the movement to bring homosexuality out of the dark. When gay people openly assert their identities as such whether through parades or through demand for a full and equal social recognition, reactionaries can't stand it. Why? Two answers, one personal and one political. The open of affirmation of gay identity can pose a mortal threat to people's own sexual identity is insecure, the hatred stories a cautionary tale. As it happens, I was presently asked you to hear Pastor Tim Preetis sermon at his mega church and it included a diverse of attack on homosexuals that was as venomous as it was gratuitous. He included gay sex with bcality. Even at the time, I wondered about the dark energy of his hatred that is revealed now as self-hage becomes no surprise. One need and draw direct line from hydrants behavior to the private morality of Catholic bishops to sense that the church's own deepening insecurity in all matters of sexuality, especially no surface by the still unresolved prices of priestly sexual abuse of children informs its exceptional opposition to gay rights. And so in Jerusalem, the insecurities of the male establishment whose dominance over women is threatened readily exploding contempt for any expression of gay pride, patriarchy is an issue. There's a deflection here and that constantly political use of gay bashing. At the end of the Cold War, when the Pentagon defided self as the world's largest closet by decreeing Donask Don't Tell, the issue of gay's in the military was being used to deflect attention from the military's real problem how to maintain Cold War levels of spending and a Cold War nuclear arsenal would not a Cold War enemy. The real Donask Don't Tell was, don't ask us about our budgets and nukes and we won't tell you about the future wars that will enable. All of the Stirman Drain about gay's in the military deflected American attention from the real issue of the moment and it worked. American Cold War ethos is still with us. The human race is undergoing a massive culture mutation. The meaning of sexuality has been transformed as biology revolutionizes reproduction. Women are demanding equality across the globe. Men are being forced to reimagine their family and their social rules. Gaze and lesbians are with the center of these changes. The refusal to be silent and invisible is one of the era's great resources a magnificent sign of hope he writes. I like that. If he broke, there's some hope. There may be some people just hope to grow. I'm saying, don't be a dog. Hope to grow. The man once dubbed America's mayor, when he just leaves me to limp, yeah. It's been so much time limp. There are a lot of people leave me limp. Who? Who do you want to be? Rudy. Has taken the first effort to become America's best president. How many chances he's got? Let me take you to be the answer. None. Former New York City MNNS because he's got no chance to getting the Republican nomination. No chance at all. Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani Republican moderate would see near-mithic popularity for his hand to get the 9-11 attacks, nearly all of it based on BS. File papers Friday in New York to create the Rudy Giuliani presidential exploratory committee ink, a copy of the document was obtained by associated press. Creating an exploratory committee, this is automatically making a matter of candidate, but it does many intends to travel the country, gaging support, and preparing for a White House bid. Mayor Giuliani has made a decision yet, Giuliani's official when sunny Mendelse in the statement last night. With the finally of this document, we have taken the necessary legal steps so an organization can be put into place, and might it can be raised to explore a possible presidential run in 2008. The GOP field is expected to grow with other presidential hopefuls, of course John McKinney, Arizona, and Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney Senator Bill Fist, that anxious crook from Tennessee, Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and New York Governor George Patechis got a personality like a dead man. Kind of like Greg Reed, dead man in a suit, you know what I'm saying? Huh? George, by the way, said Greg, work like a clown with that silly suit on. You know what I did? Democrats at Governor Tom Hill, Sacabai was filed with Stamachay full blown campaign committee, and will make a more formal announcement of his candidacy later this month. Giuliani has said for months that he would wait till after the 2006 elections to the Saturday noon Barclad of White House bid. The former mayor is a moderate who supports gun control, same-sex civil unions, and a member of Stamachaw Research and abortion rights stands at the Department of Oz, with the majority of DOPs conservative base. That's why he's got two chances of getting their nomination, none and much, much, much, much less than none. That could be wrong about that, but nevertheless. We'll see, got two years to wait now till the next big election. I mean, what do we do now, yeah? He says, kill much of people. We'll probably do that. Travel under the 64 votes on the poll, the biggest party in the mall, let's see. Nancy Grace is still in the bottom, she's got three, three. Thread. She's like, trow them in the yogurt. Nancy Grace, three, Jesse Jackson's on the early, a few, 70s got seven already, but they should only care Jesse. And what kind of a stupid ass movie? Lucky number's slim, and what is that? Can you explain me what that was? What? Lucky number's slim, what was that? It was not a name of a movie in last year. Yeah, I heard rumors that was good, did you see it? No. Well, if I see it, but I'd be asking you, I thought you were gonna say, I thought you were gonna rip it. I heard it was actually good. Yeah, but I'm not ripping them, movie. I have no idea what it was good, better, and just what a stupid name though. Lucky number's slim, what is that? What is that? Never heard of it. Get out of here, you never heard that? Nope. Okay, let's get back to the poll. The biggest fully em all is Rush, 520. Go ask, Will, and she'll tell you where to get the good crap. Reverend Ted Hagrid, 188 self-hating. You're fair, Queen. Dr. Phil 146, Bill of Honor just hopped over Dr. Phil. 146 for Bill and 145 for Phil. Ophor's got 82, Sony Blowny Bitch. Ted has yet boys 77, Mark Foley 35, not too nearly as well as I expected. God, the bounty hunter's tacked out a couple more votes, got 33. I hate this poll only 29, and we're 22. That was you said before, 22, 2.2%. Jesse's got seven like I said, Nancy Grace France. He's only got three. Nothing Foley about her, she's in serious as I'll get out. Are you think? Oh yeah. Oh, that's a good point. Wow. What is that all about? I mean, what kind of I don't know she must know. He's lost that bitch. Have I ever heard of her? She must know somebody. She must have got pictures or something. She must be doing a lot of people. I'll say that to be there on TV right on your TV right? People with bad eyesight. Now, she on, well, what's on? I never watched her, I see a man who had line news. I heard her. She heard her, she heard her, she heard her, she heard her. Her thening the flu by getting a flu shot, which we hope everyone has gotten by. Now, and if you haven't, the doses are coming. Oh, the doses are coming. Maybe you're going to dose before the year is out. Only November 14. A lot of you folks are going to get a good dose before the year is out. Make no mistake. Oh, there's off Medina John. Blow me up. I'm not going to die. I'll tell you one thing. Greg is a snapper. You're interested in him. I said, I can say for him. So whatever happened with the, you know, and Chris Jones and I sell to Primer overnight, so issue, you know, having to with your up to date. Hahaha, right. The one thing that I think is the, I don't know, but then it's balanced. Another one is a garage. Not a 4-squidio 5-60 issue. Okay. And don't know what it is, but it's more. Hi. I'm Mary Sumer. Do you know what? You got me talking on the passion song. Tell me the story about how you got, I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more. Before I hang up the phone, I got you down. The rise of gender, yeah, there is an adult. Come up and tell me, I'll find all of that. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I tell you what's more. Before I hang up the phone, I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I got you down. Are you sure? Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Don't you know, sex with the black-up, through the white, I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I tell you what's more. Before I hang up the phone, I got you down. 1118 at five and 60 boats are good thing. I had that quick finger in there. You know, that one spot. Joyce, my girl, I've been on the shave. I didn't. I can bone right off the ear. 115, oh, so on the full. We're going to have 1300 boats on the area in two shakes of a lamb's ass. So anyway, lucky number, 11. Must be pretty damn good. 7.7 out of 10. I am the guy. Wow. I say high number. Slick fun and very entertaining. The only thing I'm looking at the people are in it. 11, these start a movie is Josh Hartnett, who leaves me very limp. Bruce Willis, Lucy Lou, Morgan Freeman, Ben Kingsley plays a rabbi. Michael Rubenfield plays Yitz talk. Oh boy. Plot outline. A case of mistake and identity land, Slib and Josh Hartnett in the middle of a war being plotted by two of the cities, most rival crime bosses. The rabbi then Kingsley and the boss Morgan Freeman. Slot is under constant surveillance by Reload was detected. Vercalsky Stanley Tucci as well as the infamous assassin good cat played by the Uxist Bruce Willis and finds himself having to hatch his own ingenious plot to give them before they get him. But it'll be pretty good. Slick fun and very entertaining. We're first review on here. 10 out of 10. How do you like that? Wow. Woo. Heavy duty. Trevi, a Josh Hartnett lived with director Paul McGoogan and his girlfriend in New York while the script was being written. McGoogan said he thought of having a stunner where a towel a lot of the time because he had saw Hartnett once and more so they were in the vulnerable quality to him. And he can be a Patrick Reguggan. So there is a withass all about lucky number seven. Good movie bad bad titles stupid. Southern my ass. Club ID on the pool. All consuming giants the US and China along with all producing B. Hamoth Saudi Arabia rank among the world's worst countries in dealing with time change in the report says all these reports so many reports in so little time. You know it. They depend on fossil fuels. Couple of rough some sea assures said energy policies earned them the dubious distinction. Of placing at or near the bottom of a survey of 56 industrialized or industrializing nations had said the US was leading polluter rank 53rd. In the annual study by German watch a German environmental group released on the sidelines of U.N. climate change conference. Saudi Arabia placed dead lands for a China fell from 29 on last year's list to 54th. According to the survey based on the valuation of greenhouse gas emissions in climate policies, the US is refused to accept mandatory cuts to the emissions blame for the rise of temperatures and is consistently rated poorly on environmental policy matters according to the group. Because it's bad for big business anything that's bad for big business that the US don't know about. Saudi Arabia was trying to force poor national and international climate policy and energy inefficiency. Experts suggest that China, the world's number two polluter, toppled so significantly because of its growing dependence on carbon intensive electricity generation to fuel its exploding economy. At the upper end of the scale, seven European countries led by Sweden, Britain, Denmark, respectively, and two of developing economies Argentina, Brazil and India were deemed among the top 10. Others in the top 10 were Malta, Germany, Hungary and Switzerland, twice while France ranked number 12, leading the group to call for Europe to take the leaving global efforts to combat climate change. It is clear from the study of coalists of European countries and some of the large developing countries knows what leading environmental policy should take the helm of a coalition to build our future climate regime on, German-Much policy director Christopher Balls said, the ALS, how would you say? Balls? Sure. After the same time he lamented that even the effort of the top scores were not enough to effectively curb and reverse global warming, there is no winner, Balls said, leader Sweden is the only one I can among the blinds. So one I'd snake. The study looked at greenhouse gas emissions over the past year over the past five years, and environmental climate policies, only countries that were least more than 1% sure of all greenhouse gas emissions and rapidly developing economies are targeted by the evaluation. So US near the bottom Sweden at the top. Now let's see, what was the movie I watched last night? What was the movie? It was a story about the true story. It was a movie that's a bad movie. Return of what the hell was it? Tracker? No. I'll tell you. One moment please. Again. Return of Alice Kelly. Who? He was a rapist and kinetic and open. So true story. They brought him back. He raped two chicks and very wealthy family and of course they sent him over to a Europe to First of Switzerland and then to Sweden where he met some hot, this year was really a very hot movie anyway. That's some blonde chicken. Then finally the FBI tracked him down and they brought him back to Iran trial and the idea. It was poorly done. It's a good story. It's a compelling story, but weekly done movie. You don't need to see it. Return of Alice Kelly. Senator Jewel, even when a Connecticut said yesterday that he will caucus would say a Democrats in the new Congress, but he would not rule out switching to Republican caucus if he starts to be a Democrat. How do you like that turncoat bastard? That's wrong. Yeah. That's not like turncoat. Lieberman and Democrat who won the election is independent also said he wants to be called an independent Democrat. I've got other things to call him. Like Schmogegy Schlemiel Schlemaisel. He's got Mazel all right. Schminder. A strong backer the Iraq War. Lieberman was returned to office on election day with strong CEO P. Support. He ran as an independent after he lost the Democratic Premier and August to middle of Mont. He was forced to vote for that up yesterday. Lamont Kranston, Michelle. Who? They have Lamont. He said on yesterday's, which I turned it off as soon as I saw him on there that never I turned it right off. He was on the press. Then he will begin his new term as the Democrat because it would make him part of the Congressional leadership. The Senator was in line to become chairman of the Homeland Security and governmental affairs committee, O.V. I'm going to caucus with the Democrats both because it's good for my constituents in Connecticut. And there would be nice to me, especially when I need a winpy piece of Chairman. He said that because voters returned to the Capitol Hills and independent, I'm now an independent Democrat, capitalizing Capitol D. Matter of fact, the Secretary of the Senate called my office and asked, how do you want to be identified? And he said, how much of Schmuck would be good? With many Senate Democrats and campaigner-based money for Lamont as the party's nominee, Lieberman has now to might be a little awkward for him back in Washington. Especially if they start feeding him, trif. They play by the traditional partisan political playbook and I can't say I enjoyed it, but we're all grown after we've got a job to do. And I'm going to do my best to get that job done, he said. Democrats will hold a 51-49-age in the Senate so Lieberman, the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2000, could find himself quoted by the Republicans. He was asked about the possibility that he might switch caucuses if he became uncomfortable as Democrats are to enforce party discipline, especially if the GOP offered to keep him as a committee chairman and respect his seniority. I'm not ruling it out, but I hope I don't get to that point. I must say with all respect to the Republicans, it's important to me to connect to it. Nobody ever said we're doing this because we want you to switch over. Switch over to the human race in his case. I don't think he's capable of doing that. Up yours, do you believe in you fully, Boloni? What did you want to do? Now did you ever get a response on this situation? No. This seems to be part of the course is that we just don't get any response from Christian to sales manager. So as a result, if he asked me to do something in the future or like any economist going to say, I'm going to even the same response that I get from him. Silence. Let me see that's a good idea. Tipped for cat. Okay, by these. Sounds a silence. Go away, Chris. No go away, man. Just go away. You leave us all limp. We're limping along. So I'll forget we got what's his name. Drew Rose now. He's going to be a regular Wednesday morning feature on a morning show now. 26 past 11 and 5, 16, WDQ, if you're expected. Thank you, baby. The problem is all inside your head. She said to me, we answer as easily as you take to logically like to help you in your struggle to be free. There must be 50 ways to leave your lover. You just slip out of the back to check. Make me plan this time. You don't need a fee for it. Roy, just listen to me. I'll find this bus. Just, you don't need to just slip. Just go off of the key. We get to your cell. Three. All of us can see we're hopping coming to the two and Chris is pouring. It's lovely. He even threw a tube. Oh, that was bad. Very bad. 1131 at 5, 60 WQM. How's Terry and her? She's still dead. Good. 1311 votes on the pole man. We got a real shot at 1500 today. That would be a real feather in your cram. Too bad we don't have time for you to tell the yesterday. It was really scintillating. I was paying about halfway attention to your hours. It was going to be ready to do the show. George was rambling out about how Roger Magdalene was trying to get a job at IOD years ago. Which is a true story. We'll jerk. But the story about how he was rambling and ranting about those best dumb tapes. We don't do a best dumb tapes. Okay, Joe Bell. I'm just trying to get right now. No, no best and Neil. Especially now. I mean, here are some stories that were really hot news stories. Like six weeks ago. Like six months ago. You know, how about alien and the Pope? Let's play that one again. All right. We had. But haven't I read Roger was in. Now, where were he was standing outside the throne and the other boy Gary the PD, which he was nowhere. He was, you know, he had gone in there to do a number of one and he was watching his hands and ranting with somebody who was standing next to them. There were two people in the stalls and. Yeah. Maybe as far as I know. One of them was the person telling you the story and the other person was our own boy. Who is the person that showed the story? I don't remember. One of our friends. Jesus. Looking for a PlayStation tree system that would put your game face on. Prepare to be disappointed. Right. Jack and Geovys at the essential. Software to retailers are expecting drove. Video game. Finanix and parents at their stores. Late Thursday night early Friday morning. And hopes to bring among the lucky few. We'll take home the super high tech console. Nick's name. PS3. The Sony system will hit stores Friday after more than year of marketing and hype. The ones kick soft. A holiday season. Slockfest. That puts three major video game rivals against one another. Against each other. I think it's where it's supposed to be. Jack and not against one another. But nevertheless. Nintendo will unveil its. We system. Also have like 7 from deliverance. We. The biggest price. Tell WII. But it's pronounced. We. The biggest product. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. They. All of the.朋友 in. compliance. Package. beds. A month later. Some QUI N mm. McLean vs Keylon. We have no news. Did I try operations. It is hard to do a lot online. Processing sales will led to a little bit of aטuprile to use them. As they were doing solvah. Pumping for政府. Most of the saving value will make and you do system and a few games that you bring up to about 750 bucks. Well, what a dad, huh? I'll be tired at school the next day, but it's okay because it's worth it, Brandon. Said, no kidding around for this. Kitty, already owns a PS2, Xbox, three different Nintendo systems, two handheld players more than 80 games. He has researched all the systems online and PC magazine and passed up last year's launch of the Xbox 360 away from PS3. I really like games, Brandon, said I really like game the best system out there. Maybe put him on the phone with Miss Foley, he likes games too. It's diehard fans like Brandon that are prompting electronics to free tape there's best buy and circuit city to open stores a couple of hours early Friday for the launch of PS3 with Sony as delayed twice. Serious gamers from across South Florida expected him to the best buy store in high allia, one of only 18 stores in the chain that will be open in mid-night. Oh, you're going to stop the high allia? No, thank you. We're expecting very limited quantities in Eric Lopez, manager of the best buy on high allia who's named Vincent Z, best buy employees will begin handing out tickets at Ludmphm, Thursday to shoppers or line up with the store. Those with tickets are guaranteed a system he said. Every day we have people asking, when's the launch date? How many are going to have, Lopez said, all the gamers in South Florida going to be coming to high allia, try to get their hands on it and the game too. They want to get their hands on it and high allia. These are probably the same people used to do the limbo rocket, the AT room in JC Penis, in between drilling glory holes. Many Taylor said they didn't know how many consoles they'll receive for the weekends PS3 and Wii launches, but everyone's predicting a quick sellout. Sony Express staff only 400,000 systems available on all North America Friday, already bidders on eBay have state their claim on period of systems for more than 20, 300 bucks, almost four times the system's top retail price. Two flavors of these, sleep black or silver PS3 will debut, a $600 version with a 60 gigabyte hard drive, built in wireless and a blue-way player for high definition video. And a version causing less costing a hundred bucks less when they 20 gigabyte drive in fewer features. Nintendo meanwhile, especially a 4 million Wii consoles ready worldwide on the 250-dollar product stores on Sunday. If you get a real small one, they call it like a Wii Wii. The system can't display high definition video and its storage and processing power are limited compared with the PS3 and Xbox 360 but Nintendo is hoping the systems innovative wireless controller which tracks movements to mimic a football pass of the swing of a golf club or to track new consumers new parties in 30s. Microsoft burned by supply shortfalls of the PS3 60 system-like solid A season is projecting its going to sell 10 million by the end of the year. The Xbox 360 comes in two models costing 300 and 400 depending on the options. All three devices will succeed in the short term because of pent-up demand and lack of supplies that David Cole present a market research for a firm DFC intelligence. For players like Brad and Echids Cole serious disappointment, if worst comes to worst we have to wait a couple of months, Brad and said is the family planned their buying strategy for Thursday and I'm surprised you actually came into work today you guys. Tuesday already? Yeah. I just hope to be sitting in home planning your market strategy or buying strategy for Thursday night, it's only two days away. Oh yeah. Mom and Dad smiled at their sons who looked at concession already where he was enthusiasm for camping up, but Brandon was quick to add, I don't want to even think about waiting a couple of months. Amen. We all had their moments, you know, you're looking something you want and you're thinking I don't even want to think about waiting a couple of months. And we all had those thoughts all the time, just this morning. Really? Not this kid. 13 and we're 21 hosts on a full already, it's only 1137. Holy cow, man. I'm worn out physically and emotionally from that announcement about Drew Rosenhaus, steam burry. When we're going to get Seth Greenberg back on here, once he's going to get his own segment again, that's what we need to put us over the table. Don't be surprised. In the course, don't forget, I was on our Wednesdays. I mean, the season's going on right now, I'm sure that's definitely on. I just don't know where. Well, you better start finding these things out. You're all the ease under that part of the signal to sports segments. You are go between. You know, want to be our go between with the sports segments? Oh, I will be. Oh, here's a good one. Good fact. It says, do leave them available for the full 1137. You bet. Give us the Agmeans on it right away. His whiny wimpy asks, do leave them in. Don't worry about it. Got it. Excellent. Thank you very much, Dick Gordon, Diker, whatever your name is. D-I. I don't know how he is pronounced as D-I-K. Don't worry about it. 22 till noon at 5. 60 W-Q-A-M. Chip station. New game rich does the hanky pay. New game rich has a slightly wanky. New game rich does the hanky pay. New game rich does the hanky pay. We are here, over the day, but we're here. All right, they can be a Clinton, bow it all the day. They call him woman, I take no eyes wide, but they can be a family forever. That's why the shirts are glad these pairs are this. Who would have thought you ever know the star then? All right, here we go on the desk. Oh, there's no speaker. There's no speaker, the committee will act, we know. Other than high-use, he's looking out for money, they're... I'll see. Oh, see you there, man. All the committee's seen no info, I don't need no further guessing. I saw him working on his pickup line. You can be an author, maybe watch your side. I'll pay you a little bit more to get it all to me. A baby baby, I give you the phone. Who would have thought you ever would have thought that? Remember, remember, you can't be a problem. New game rich does the hanky pay. New game rich does the hanky pay. New game rich does the hanky pay. New game rich does the hanky pay. New game rich does the hanky pay. Four to five, five, six to the double to two, and half into the two. Interesting feature they got in the Palm Beach post of all places. Can't surprise him that they have anything interesting? I mean, real interesting. Like mildly, it's called the Blogg Squad. And it says a Brooklyn pizza from Domino is forget about it, is what it says. Who wrote this? Who's bloggers from? See, I don't know. Can't tell. Does it really make a difference? No, we don't care. It just says when I've been into Domino's latest innovation in pizza, the Brooklyn style pie, I couldn't have had a dress this slice in my hands with a play on a famous political remark. I know New York pizza, I said in Domino's, you know New York pizza. It's true there's nothing vaguely New Yorkish about the Domino's pie, and by the way, since when is there a distinction between New York and Brooklyn pizza? To most big Apple natives like myself, they're one on the same. That is correct. I never heard of Brooklyn pizza view. No, but I had some of that product that they're advertising now. And worst pizza ever. Yeah, ever. I was curious to give Domino a chance because of all the hype about the pie. It says, after I read the recent New York Times story about the change's new pie, I became more curious. The time so quickly this Mr. I had a taste it for myself was the Times, right? Or was this just New York snobbery and it's worse. Anybody with a brain knows that the best pizza in North America is in New York in North America? Not in the world. Not like a Italy baby. Mmm. I don't know. Chicago has pretty good pizza. Let me see it again. If you like to fix Chicago style pizza, I'm going to try to do. Only one slice weighs about seven pounds. Yeah. That's the problem either with a fork. You know, even your style pizza with a fork unless you're some kind of a a whos, some kind of a guy. We had a story about to listen kind of a pussy. Anyway, the Times is right that says, Domino is pie. I tried both the sausage and pepperoni versions. $30 would tax him tip for two standard sized pies loaded in my home. I had to crust wrong for starters. And never to replicate the foldable New York crust, the chain is overcomicated. It may have pie that borders texture wise on the floppy. Maybe you can stick it in your computer and your floppy disc. New York slices are designated fit in the hand, but they aren't designed to droop. Oh yeah, they shouldn't droop when you put in your hand and the pie either. It says, but it gets worse. The cheese on the York pies most of the mozzarella has a certain subtle flavor and pie ability. With a domino pie, all you taste is soft, and the cheese is meld in the gooey strands. I remember from my childhood. Oh, it's got a meld in the gooey strands. See, here we go with the food again. What attracted me to this? I don't need no hot oil. Bad to my lunch domino. See, you wanted to rip them, which is fine. Why did you say that? Because truth? Oh. It says, but the complaints don't stop there. How about an insipid tomato sauce with no hint of sweet fried tomatoes? Or, top-a-zard border on the cartoonish? The sausage is more like pork lumps, oddly mischaped and thoroughly unaffetizing. The time is during the note of the domino's property facing controversy with its commercials for the pie, which play up every New York stereotype you can imagine. I wouldn't mind that so much of the pie was half way. This is, it says, trust me, it's not. You think it's pizza, but it's not. I could have written a much shorter and better idea. Well, do you want to hear some of the comments? Okay. Here's one by Dan. He says, I tried the domino's Birkenstell. Pizza is not bad for domino's. Because domino has to be the worst franchise pizza around. Anyway, you have to go up the North and give good pizza. He's not just New York either. The Midwest is good tasting pizza, also. Which Josh has told us about that Chicago style? I still did like, even though it's been out of business for a long time, shaky. I know that book, there was a shaky in Tampa on Dale Maybrigh. And it was a shaky in Kalamazoo. Don't remember shaky? No. A little on the salty side, but it's pretty good. Here's one by Fred. It says, the best pizza is the new chain in town. Vochelli, it's real close to New York pizza. Vochelli, for the Palm Beach crowd. I don't think we have any Vochelli in date right never heard of it. Did you? You'll see, yeah, I'll go to Lago, Chelle. Here's one that says, in Mon Vacation in Nashville and Cup in New York Pizza, creating also a pizza hub. Requested as small as he's pizza with crisp crust. And it like New York out here, either what happened to the olive oil dripping everywhere. Well, first of all, these people are alluding. They're deluding themselves, aren't they? They're alluding and deluding, yeah. And they're doing delobin. Here's one that says, any pie you get down this part of the country only. Close to what a real pie is. And you're talking about the York in Chicago, pizza because the water down here is not the same as the water up north. From biscuits to bagels to the look at French pacedries, the water here sucks for bread period. As far as the other ingredients you named on the two pies, what'd you expect from the dominoes anyway? Hmm. Little sarcasm there. Who are they? Here's one that says, OK pizza, I've heard some real deal down here in South Florida when it comes to pizza, there's Pasquales and Cros Springs. Drive, I know, well, not a field of in Cros Springs, but your taste buds will thank you. Are you familiar with Pasquales? Why is a Josh having lived in Cros Springs? Yes, it's excellent. Clean, no ice in the bottom of the crust, cheese and sauce, and a perfect pie. There's nothing like a perfect pie, if what I've always said. I'll do like a little bit of it's key lime pie. And say it's no pizza pie. I have in Cros Springs, but I give it a second. Second place. Pizza time? That's right. Hmm. Time is that one, by men from Italia. How come no one remembers the Italian name for pizza? La Bies, it says, only those who know that. What we would be pizza, it's probably some dirty word out of. And here's what I said, Domino Stox, all day it was cut to size of a bigger and use larger toppings in fact, you shouldn't be eating pizzas, especially. And that's where I stopped to print in the sauce. Especially, I don't know, see compared to the regular pizza, which I consider to just be a desk free and in a little bit of edible, I consider it as opposed to some other chains that I don't want to mention. Yeah, it's a chain here called pizza pizza. It is so bad. It makes Domino seem like a chef's a pretty long way. But this is a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. It's a really good thing. I'll do whatever to how they put on the log and then I'll just take their way through. You're a faker, baby. Dick Nixon was a quaker and you're a faker. And I'd like to have that shaker at the shakies. You know how they have in some places like that? A good attire restaurant. They have shakers. They're like, not those parmesan cheese. There was somebody I know would say parmese. But also would like what you call it. What do you call it? You know what I'm talking about? Those pepper things? Yeah, those pepper things like grated peppers. You know. See, at least he knows what I'm talking about. George who pretends to be a pizza kind of swear. I do. No, that's when you're you're hockey. You're ripping a lot of this. You're ripping a lot of this. Go ahead. Well, what is it? It's the worst piece of slop worse than any frozen pizza you could get. It was rotten. I'm not totally yours. But until Tina's is better, tombstone is better. They're ready to even use in their regular pedestrian. They're using some of their Indonesian imported slop crap. It's what it's greasy. It's slimy. It tastes like crap. I'll do not. It's great. But I'd be happy to be squashed in this. How do you like it? Oh, I like it a lot. 13. I wouldn't say if you've all sat on the pole. The biggest phony of the mall. Nancy Grace is only got five. And Julie women's already got her time. How do you like that, Nancy? Friend. He's already got her time. And not. The 71 year old pilot. Remember we had that story yesterday about the guy who crashed is a planet. You're like that. See, it's not for such as ancient drivers who are driving automobiles who are a threat to your very existence. It's ancient pilots. The 71 year old pilot who crashed that single lens in plain in the art of the home near Lentenia, or 40 years to the morning apparently had no valid pilot slice and federal authority said. That's so shocked. The FAA is investigating Allen Schultz's license, which appears not to be current. As it's a set of the very residential neighborhoods southeast of the airport, the plane steps several utility lines slowing its impact. The crash at 1102 yesterday, mowning. The power line saved me and saved him to set Chris G.S. Onward, the property of 6821 pine graph. South line 10 of road that turned into an emergency landing strip. The plane came to rest against G.S. Ford Taurus. O.G.S. Taurus. Which has stayed the only matter of damage. I wonder if the Taurus had any tourists. The fuselage appeared in fact, but the wings were shredded almost seared off. No one on the ground was injured, thanks God. Schultz of Palm Beach Gardens was bleeding from a cut on his nose, but refused treatment at the scene. I'm doing okay, Schultz told reporters the left the crash site with a friend he declined to come in further. The NTSB and the FAA, which enforces pilot licensing regulations and plane registrations, are investigating the crash agency officials be seeing? Schultz said Schultz applied for a plane registration in June 2004, but the application is still pending. It's still pending, baby. The plane is pending because the application is still pending. If he renewed his license within the past few days, that wouldn't show up in his record she said. Questions about Schultz's license came up after he left the crash scene. Cracks knocked out, powered to 46 homes until 8.30 a.m. Florida Puntler and Lute Pants today to replace a pool down by the plane. TSM is wife Stephanie, where at home when they heard loud noise. I thought it was an earthquake to you said, I went out and he was already out of the plane. I told him to sit down, power lines were all around the plane and I didn't know if they were hot. Christina Asid and looks next to the G.S.s. The plane struck off the top of a roof in chimney and we'll from the plane end up in her basement on top of her Christmas ornament she said. Ah, G.S. When it hit my bedstroke as it said, this is craziest my day off, I'm supposed to be sleeping all day. Neighbors, Laura and Travis Strickland said planes fly solo as they approach Santana airport to their bedshakes if they are similar when students will continue. Well, it's about time something made their bedshake. Just a joke, Laura. On January 22nd, 2004 a small plane crashed and burst into flames in the front yard of a home on crashed and drive, North Atlantic road. The 79-year-old pilot on his daughter died. No one in the ground was hurting that crash but about 1300 homes lost her. The 79-year-old pilot. Since 1982, nine people died in five aircraft crashes in the Lantin area, according to the NTSP. I wonder how many times it almost happened. Travis Strickland said the threat is there. It's not a good place to live. Right by the airport, you know, they're coming down mighty low. They're 110 years old and they're originally real good, you know, and it refluxes all of these, and stuff like that. Minor details, you know. So I'm really disappointed. I thought maybe I'd come on down lower to one of them book in the Domino pieces. Sure you did. You believe me? No. Or come down for that Christmas party to make holiday party, the Christmas Chinooka, a closet party, whatever it is we're having. I thought place that I'm not telling the audience because then they'll show up there on December 4th at 6 p.m. Chopper cocktails, okay, and see if anybody likes you. Just take a place and see if you think that's where it's going to be. And sure what I'm saying, there's a Joe Bowel, there's a Clara Silver there, I'll pass got in the corner. And there's new Rosen now, Horace. Speaking of Horace's ours. I'm going to try for hours about that in an instant by a on him this mark. Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8-M. She only was seven when she ordered her through two more coverage for CNN. All ignoring the weather and storms to a boil. And we're going to try and catch the weather that she died with joy. I'm going to go home. I don't mind it. I don't mind it. You are too young to fly. You are never. You are not. Now the white trash puts mother and cuts with silver sun. But he says that my and Joe seems much fun. Still he says you have to to work for me. Now help me set up my new white screen TV. You are too young to fly. You are too young to fly. You are never. You are never. You are not. I'll be down. She has a lot of publicity. She has 15 seconds of fame. Sam Harris in newsweek. This is short and sweet to the point. This is beautiful. The case against faith. The case against faith. This is a very important point. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. The case against faith. All right, let's say green stamps. It's good for you. Cut the piece off. A silver to green stamps. Let's say green stamps. Seving up by your piece of green stamps. So, I can't believe that you're so hostile. Now, so, what piece of you like? There's two kinds, the chain kind and the going to a restaurant, real restaurant. Kind. Fourteen hundred one votes on a poll, by the way. We're going to do fifteen, we'll be going for example. Tony's. Don't get no better than that as far as. I mean, it's great. Good. is the crust is nice and ready and chewy. Are you sure enough for free lunch today? Is that what you know? We already had a free breakfast in Hawaii. Thank you very much, Cooper. Thank you. This is one thing, but one has another thing. No, what do you mean what day is that? Good enough for us in here. Yeah, at least as far as free loading goes. No, I'm just saying that if you ask me what good pizza is. What are you saying? No, I would agree with you. I'm in it. It's good stuff. No good pizza here. I'll take that back. There's a chain of restaurants called I'll for no hotel restaurants. And it's not a pizza during per se, but it's in 10 restaurants. Or what's lucky in Italy you're trying to reassemble them and have like a pizza oven. Would burning, you know, brick oven. And the egg pizzas as well. But there they make the thin and the real thin. Anyway, this is what I was going to do. It's got a really good pizza like gourmet pizzas. And you can get it with different kinds of crust made from like spelt. Which I don't even know what's the bell. There's some kind of wheat. I don't know what it is. How's it spelled? It smells pretty good. Anyway, that's about, but I mean as far as pizza chains are concerned, and it's a good thing because I love pizza, you know me. Right. And I can't eat it. All the foods that I can possibly imagine. Pizza and everybody's different. I'm sure that all that that except different triggers for their, you know, lunch or rush, but for me, it needs to since my lunch or your skyrocketing. Skyrocketing is zooming. Sure, it's got. So I can't eat it. I could order a whole pie and just take a fork and eat the toppings. You know, Larry can't use to do that. Remember, Larry can't course he's dead in the. Four people are needlessly dying because drug companies and the governments of rich countries are blocking the developing world from obtaining affordable medicines of reports yesterday. But you've had for many of the time, Tony Taylor, different people would bring in pieces there. And I would just eat the toppings with the fork. It is very good, too. Don't worry about it. It's quite a the fact that we, you know, not crazy about him anymore, but it's very good. It's the other way around. He's not crazy about us anymore. Well, too bad. That's tough fall. Just a joke, Master. Master, Larry name is. Master. Five years to the day after the Doha Declaration of Groundbreaking Deal to give poor countries access to cheap drugs was signed that the World Trade Organization, Oxfam says things are worse. The charity accuses the US would champion the interest of its giant pharmaceutical companies of bullying developing countries into not using the measures in the Doha Declaration in the EU by standing by and doing nothing. So hot technically allows poor countries to buy cheap copies of this to leave the drugs, but the US is a huge representative of our head countries such as Thailand and India, which have manufacturing capacity, making and selling cheap generic versions of the conservative monopolies of the drug giants. Which countries have broken the spirit of the Doha Declaration said, Celine Chevrier, head of Oxfam's Make Trade Fair campaign? The Declaration said the right things beneath the political action to work and that hasn't happened. In fact, we've actually gone backwards. Many people are done resurfering needlessly. They're saying, I'm dying of the hair. The Indian generous firms make most of the cheap drug cocktails and now being rolled out to people with HIV and Africa and are keeping more than a million people alive. They brought the price of a basic tree drug cocktail down from $10,000 a year to less than $150 bucks. But new AIDS drugs will soon be needed because the virus will become resistant to the basic ones now in use as this happened in the EU and the US, say. These newer AIDS drugs together would drugs for cancer and diabetes are under patent. The Oxfam report points out that 4 million people were newly infected with HIV in 2005 and cancer and diabetes are spending faster in developing countries than in the richer world. The report says that since the signing of the Doha Declaration of November 14, 2001, rich countries have failed to honor their promises, their record ranges from apathy and an action to dog a determination to undermine the Declaration's spirit and intent. The US at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry is uniquely guilty of seeking ever higher levels of intellectual property protections to developing countries. The US has pursued its own free trade agreements with developing countries, time them in the much tighter of servants of patent rights that accepted and anticipated Doha. The US is also pressured countries for greater patent protection to threats of trade sanctions that report says. The drug firms are also fighting to have patents observed. Pfizer has challenged the Filipino government a bid to extend its monopoly on Norvass, a drug blood pressure drug. Novardis has engaged in litigation and India doing forced aid patent for a live-act cancer drug, which could say many lives before available to NERICPRIES. It's an echoes on and on. The world is a business Mr. Bill. That's the scene that you want to have in blazing in your brain, Josh, instead of going to sleep and fall in the middle of a great movie. When maybe you stand up there at the end of the boardroom of IT&T, make them over the great speeches and movie history and it wasn't even squeam on my campaign. The world is a business Mr. Bill. My right was at Great Senior Ward to it. Yes it was. Enter and write on target. And we had a bit of time to weigh out of its time, 1972, my God. 34 years ahead of its time. And like Howard Beale was saying about Talvez, not about him we can't. I don't want to go through the whole thing and it was in Josh gets upset because he hated that movie. No, I did not. Now today I'm sure that the audience will be sitting with David Breath on the edge of their seats waiting to mark for your review of Nicecoin tonight tonight. Yeah tonight's supposed to be the night. How about the movie? I'm not going to bring up the fact that you want me to be a good hero. I'm going to be a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I don't care if all of you stop. It's open. I'm not a teacher. I don't have enough of it. I don't know who it's for in four days. Four weeks. Who's a guy? Yeah. Right. We got a son number two in title. Let me say. I don't think you can. Don't make me the secret. I'm a slag of the teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I watch a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a teacher. I'm not a tutor. I'm a slices king. I go to college. I want a rich kid and we manage to pay a lot. I told him he's the week he's a at Tampa. Oh, well, I said, I pity all you four people who either lived in or been in Tampa, like for more than five minutes. Like Josh used to live in Brandon right by that big mom used to do it like steak and steak. Hmm. No, they hit, I'm sure they have a steak. I was so really question. Obviously they have a every class. That's all there is there. Every time I do, I know that. That sounds 60 right? How is 60? Yes. Why is you say it like that? Because I don't remember. I didn't mean you don't remember. I just know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I even afford to gas to drive to Tampa. Even though he knows it's highway 60, that goes across through those suburbs east of the city. I do. No. Tampa, a former police kept it in a federal and medical center was turned himself in after being invaded by a federal grand jury. I'm child pornography charge. Oh my God. Bruce Allen's shower 35 was released yesterday after posting 25 grand bail in the green not to have any contact with miners. I'm a supervised. Shower also resign from his position of the James A. Haley VA medical center. He been on paid lease since July when he actually I notified the hospital of investigation. Shower knowingly possessing images and pictures of miners engaged in sexually explicit conduct according to an end and released last week. A ringman should take place in the next two weeks. There appears to be nobody and solar retubble spots associated with this conduct said this attorney is not for net is there no red flags even yellow flag flags. Shower faces in next week. Beverly, a 10 years in prison, a fine 250 grand he didn't even get his 15 second in the same one as he runs show on NBC. Probably peored about that. 14 every 30 votes on the poll. Well we are really. I will say this to you. I should have some bad news for you. I don't know what it is because you know I mean there must be somebody listening ever. I don't know maybe not at the lessons over they just don't care anymore. Think that's it. Yeah that's it. See on the election day while even then. But since the election and the reads on our stories on our website way way way down way down way down way down the under new Orleans. But you got that by Freddie Cannon. I'll look. I'm sure you do. Look at that yesterday the highest reading and the story with 300 reads yesterday it's week. That's like a weekend thing. And on a weekend there's soon as soon because it was like a holiday weekend you know veterans they in the whole deal. Uh-oh out of Miami police are searching for a pair of armed robbery suspects. They crash their vehicle in the middle of a busy intersection in flood on foot a nearby school Jackson senior high is in lockdown while the suspects remain on the loose on Capitol Hill. Oh and now just next are going too fast now Tony just cut the crap you idiot. What I mean. Well I nail that baby or one. Loudness started loud and distorted that's the top area kind of like. Like that. Like that. Like that. Like that. Loudness started. Never less Josh I think maybe we're going to have to like take a high this on these news stories. Yeah just simmer them down I think people aren't reading them because they're still in the way. I didn't say I didn't say nothing about simmer them down I said hi it is. What do you think George? Okay. There's not reading them. I mean yeah I'm going to put 100 or 200 people's worth going through all of this uh reading 600 websites. I mean look at this chaining next on the chopping block that's a good story. It's got 120 read so hard it that's week really week like how Marcino's voice you know I think they're very important based on the look I'm getting from Josh they're very very important. No the money is very important. I'm not going to look I wouldn't have I wouldn't have I wouldn't have I wouldn't have I wouldn't have I wouldn't have sugar coat anything of course of course the checks are important. Yeah that means the stories are important. So I got to work like an hour and I have two three hours every day to find all these hey stories to see you. Let's go. What? I'll take me an hour to put him on. Yeah but what am I making from it? How are you sending me a check? Hey you're proud to see the people reading their stories. Remember the reincarnation of Peter Proud? Mm-hmm. That was good movie with Jennifer O'Neill and Michael Ceresan. It was all right. Not a great movie but it was okay. I like to fact that he was able to play tennis underwater that was pretty good right there at the end anyway. The Windows and two combat veterans sued the government yesterday for not allowing wicked symbols on her husband's tombs. Good. The US Department of Veterans Affairs Laws Military Family Statues any of 38 authorized head son images. The list includes Buddhism Islam and Judaism as well as those for smaller religions such as Sufism or Yorian did. What the hell is that? There's no one on me. He and car and the Japanese faith of something which it's chopped off again. Shinto and actually. But that's how it says here. SCICH something. The work in the work in Pettacle A 5.1 starts right up by a circle's non-list and a mission would let the widow say is unconstitutional. I'd be like that. Unconstitutional. And not all of that but unacceptable to them. The lawsuit was filed by Roberto Stewart as has been the vetted National Guard Sergeant Patrick Stewart was killed in combat in Afghanistan. Jerome Burham Bomb is a career war veteran got last year. Jerome Burham Bomb. I mean what kind of name could that possibly be of said? Oh, I. Wickens worship the earth and believe they must give the community. Some consider themselves white or good, which is pagan or service members. I identify themselves as working out as a thing missing. I say. Too bad. This is right up here. I'll be a big and bad witch in the world. Big and bad. American's United Group Advocating Separation Church in State Argonne Legal Papers makes no sense for soldiers to list their faith on dog attacks. Wickens organization there are a lot of services on military installations in the Army chaplain do something as Bernie said. It's chopped off. I know if I knew how to print out this sir. I know I wouldn't have this problem but you know. It makes it more of a challenge that way and more fun. It's just like so. What do we care for any 100 to a similar witness to this? Let me just we got no audience left. But if we could just you know if we could just get some pre-fabricated segments on the show every day. So the audience knew what to expect to be for. We started working on some of those now and we could like like if we could just get iron on this show. Wouldn't it be good? Sure. We could do it. For some of those other great segments that they got. 1440 votes in the pool. Yeah. I'm really depressed. I was depressed enough about. Some are out there. There's a murderer. I was depressed enough about that. That had me on the verge of suicide. But after hearing that they got drew in the in the erosion house coming on every Wednesday. Just to stop with this segments. Please I'm begging you stop your care. You're committing radio suicide. And of course they got no. They got them on the say about it. No they don't. They got no control over their own destiny. So in other words, somebody's making danger that they fail. That's what it looks like for me. Looks like sabotage and we're used to that. We got Joyce trying to sabotage this show in a course. Clarence. Clarence. I got score to each. Oh ride you're made evil. 차 your poverty. But no loser! The man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, and the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, the man in the boat of this night, and the man in the boat, the man in the boat of this night, And I can't stand the crowd back, I can't stand the same time If you're not in the crowd, then you're both in the crowd And I can't stand the crowd back, I can't stand the crowd back We're in the cold, tired mood, we're with your cold, I can't stand the crowd back, I can't stand the crowd back Now I should see your thoughts, who is singing? Who is singing? Who is singing? Who is singing? Who is singing? Dr. E32701, I think you had my thumb right in this usual, I'm pretty first Pricacious when it comes to these things, while the elections all over, it's like, okay, well, we don't want to read about this stuff no more. So we're shutting down our website as of 6 o'clock tonight, not. It's like the newspaper, you know, we're pretty with you by the paper or not, you know what I'm saying? Right. We're putting up an addition if you don't like it, I screw you. I, A, E, A experts have found out that there's plenty of money in which you're reading and phrases And I knew to your waste facility in Iran, in the last event for an explanation, I, E, a reports at a day. The report for Perforanx, which is meeting, the 30-fabination I, E, also followed to Iran For not cooperating with the agencies, these attempts to investigate suspicious aspects of Iran's nuclear program Then have led to fear is it might be interested in developing nuclear weapons? Wow, what else? You know what I'm saying? There's another issue. Oh, let's go in there, we gotta go get them now. Let's have an old-mort, you know, a-hood old-mort. Let's have him get these really solved with the Puponour friends you again. Speaking of overt. Well, California couple are facing federal charges. Actually, they refused to stop overt sexual activity during a flight to Raleigh, North Carolina. Carl Award and person of Lakewood, California, and done Elizabeth's soul of hunting in Beach, California, our accused of interfering with flight crew members during September 15, Southwest Airlines, Flight from LA was stopped in Phoenix. They face a December 11, 2018, was just recorded in Wilmington, Delaware, Wilmington, North Carolina. Where'd I get Delaware? Where'd I get Delaware? Where'd there's Wilmington, Delaware? Where'd this was in North Carolina? Nothing to be fine at, and a court date in Carolina. Or as Josh's team would say, nothing to be fine at a good pounded by Carolina. Like they did last night, sorry. According to court documents, Flight attendant saw person in Sewell kissing and bracing and acting in a manner that made other passengers uncomfortable while the plane was stopped in Phoenix. Persing was also observed, or observed kissing, so will near her breast. And was observed with his face pressed against her lower body. Oh, close to the past, close to the past. The lower body was close to a flight attendant, and as from the stop they obeyed initially, but resumed the behavior during the flight from Phoenix to Rally. When the flight attendant again requested them to stop, person allegedly told the flight attendant, I'm going to give you one warning to get out of my face. Persing and soul of continued verbal harassment after flight attendant refused to serve person in alcohol according to court documents. Law enforcement officials were waiting for a couple of knee-eraged, Rally, Dermin, and National Airport. Messages left by the AP for person in Sewell's attorneys not to be in the return of a can imagine why. A little too much hanky, spanky on a plane, facing the other passengers uncomfortable. Of course we didn't know what this couple looks like. Maybe they were making them like grossed out. Maybe they were really gruesome, you know. Or maybe they were real hot looking and making the other passengers very horny. Maybe they were looking for a group group. Who'd have those? What was going on? Okay. All these people were getting on the airplane. I think it's like, you know, people like that, they're flying going on vacation for like a weekend or something. They take their life's positions with them. People just don't know what they'll say all about. Clueless idiots. Kind of like the people running ourselves apart from it. You know, I was thinking about screwing during the break. I was played that. And then I found that other. Sam trying to play stuff I haven't played in a very long time. Yeah. But I was going to play screwing. 766 by the way now on our, my space, 766 friends. Maybe 777 would like to do a little hanky spanky. Some of those 766. Not that I'm suggesting anything, but, you know, certainly can't do it on our website. 1457 votes on the poll. Who's the biggest phony of them all? Rush Limbaugh. He's got this one, the lick baby. 580. He's got 40% damn here. Reverend 10th, 219. Hey, Teddy boy. You're fairie. Nancy boy. I mean Teddy boy. Bill O'Reilly, 170, Dr. Phil 162. That's the real battle for third. Oprah's got 86. C. Auduby. Fantasy of Bush's got 80. Dog the bounty hunter. The crack snort in, uh, rips snort in, crack snort in whatever he is. Dog the bounty hunter 40. Mark fully. She's got 38. I hate this poll 34.2 point. He presents Jesse Jackson 29 with his Rochah. Two ligament 11 and Nancy Grace. She's only got eight, Fran. How much have she's got in my space page? Nancy Grace, maybe she'd find out she had his main Fran. I don't know. We could find out. We could. Have you done that? You go on the, uh, my space and do it a little search. Oh, no. How about she's got lots of Fran? Oh, she got TV dummy. She's all over the world. Like, like, some kind of a disease, or testicles and tentacles are just grabbing all over the entire globe. Like a big giant, a little octopus. I was thinking to squid, but yeah, octopus. 22 to one guess what's coming on Friday? It's already Tuesday. Friday we got Jackson's. We got all screwed up last week because you were a little, you know, eager and anticipation. Or because maybe I'm stupid and misunderstood with deaf Langwell. What do we all did? Oh, she's got a my space, all right. Few guys? Oh, yeah, she does. I'm on an out to. How many friends you got about 2 million? 479. What a piker. 479? Yeah. We have 766 and Nancy Grace's on television. I'll all go on the world on the, uh, satellite. She's got 410. What? But she's probably had that page up way longer than you have. Oh, she's had it up longer than I have, I'll bet. And the page too. Miss Foley said the page up for long time. People are eyes sold. You think Black Man is just one job of mine. A big black man, a special man. You got the trio guy. Screw you. You don't think Black Man is a charity girl. You're the daughter of a boy. You're the child of a single girl. You feel nice. You're the girl you're at the night. You're the white man. You feel nice. You feel nice. You feel nice. You're the daughter. Screw you. You'll be the big job of mine tonight. I'll smack your head and bruise on your body. So where you at? Screw right in. You get back on your arms and strong. If you're really about it, you won't get hit. Don't care who it's about. You're the big white. You feel the bigger. In charge of this. And you go out. Your son is going to play a square in the neighborhood in the neighborhood. I didn't die for a second. 14 74 votes. I'm thinking of myself. That was like the turning point. That was the beginning of the end. like a little girl. Why not crying and moaning? Anyway, it just utilizes the entire operation from top to bottom. So how's Chris Jones coming to the respond to your little note? No, no. Too bad we already crossed that to spot out. The Church of England is growing with traditional dogma by calling for doctors to be allowed to sit to let sick newborn babies die. Oh my God. The Church of England, how do you like that? See, the Christians of longer give the election to be preserved at all costs, but a bishop representing the national church is now spark controversy by arguing that there are occasions when it's compassionate to eBay, severely disabled child to die. And the bishop of Son, I'm thinking that if all the bread babies die, they'll not be a bad idea. Of course, they should have started at a long time ago. The world would be in much better shape today, but nevertheless, and the bishop of Southward, Tom Butler, who's the vice-chair of the Church of England's mission and Pupica Ferris Council, has also argued that the high financial costs of keeping desperately obey these lives should be a factor in life or death decisions. You know what that grips for, is don't just because I'm getting the Jones and for peace and I was your fault. I'll be fine with the story about the... Yeah, and they have a huge blood. Well, I did. I brought it up and then you started talking about how bad it is in the court and not in the office and in the awful horse, pizza ever. Really? Yes. The shocking new policy from the Church of Christ outrage among the disabled, a spokesman for the UK disabled people's council, which represents tens of thousands of members in 150-divinorganisation, said, how can the Church of England say that Christian compassion includes the killing of disabled babies, either through the withdrawing or withholding a treatment or by active youth in Asia? There's a lot of youth in Asia, man. Billions of... Sure. It's not for doctors or indeed anyone else to determine whether a baby's life is worthwhile, simply on the grounds of impermanent or health condition. They say. The Church of surprise call comes just a week after the royal college of obstetricians and vanicologies for a fury by calling for a debate on the mercy killing of disabled infants. Yeah, why didn't that what's your name just having abortion in that movie? She wouldn't have it. She wouldn't. I know. Should have though, which happens all the time. But it's been made in a carefully thought out of official church of England. It's been made in a carefully thought out of official church of England paper written by Bishop Butler for a public inquiry into the ethical issues. Surveign a mancare of long premature or desperately ill newborn babies. The inquiry by the Newfield Council on BioWathex began two years ago and its findings are going to be published in London. But the Church's contribution to the debate has been leaked in advance. They're leaking over there. Just like an accident when they leaked out there, you didn't believe me about that where they had like, uh, outdoor toilets? Why not? They've had them in France for years and I had some other parts of Europe. They have? I see them in movies. Her talent. They have some in Germany. I'll tell you that. The OP outside in Germany, only in Amsterdam. Oh, well, they're drinking so much beer they're all the time. You know, all of Germany. So you want to think about most of the European countries as they're all a bunch of drugs. They start drinking beer like some breakfast like nighthurt, talking to morning. They really do. Anyway, the Newfield Council, uh, about, uh, in France, is doing so can be kind of virtual within the three month premature Charlotte Y at a case in point. The person with babyway just one pound at birth has severe brain and lung damage. Not just one to be allowed to leave her die, but her parents successfully can't be into the course again. Now that the child is three, however, cannot be cared for at home or parents have separated and are considered unsuitable to look after. In future cases, doctors may work to guidelines proposed by the Newfield in inquiry. In the Church of England's contribution to the inquiry, Bishop Butler wrote in May, in some circumstances, we write to choose it with hold of a draw treatment, no one will possibly, probably, even certainly result in death. The Church stressed that it was not saying some lives weren't worth living, but said a restaurant proportionate reasons for overriding the pre-supposition that life should be maintained. How about that? So how does that job have them with all these effedest countries, huh? If they're going to off baby who are born defective, whatever, oh, this one didn't turn out to be different. Let's kill it. Well, that's the double worshiping for training. India, where they own it, where the baby girls, are going to want to know more women. How will that? So it's personally a big hit. It's a dowry. 1479 on a pool. Why thought we'd have a 15-hour see how it's like tail right off? This is like the stories on a web song. I'm going to cut down on those two menium. After today, I've already said like a hundred for a month. After today, well, how you got that nice point to watch? This I do. It's Scarlett Johanson and Jonathan Rees Myers. It's good. And the ending finally. Finally, there aren't too many movies that we've talked about that have really excellent endings. Now, like, what's that movie I like a lot? Like the whole of the security we've heard. How many of you, Frank? Oh, a imaginary here. Imaginary Heroes. Now, moving to the end, he was fine. It was fine. It was corny. It was just fine. Rising. It wasn't like a gangboss training, but it didn't piss you off. Right. I mean, the moving in the ending in match point was better, but the race. Different kind of movies. It was nice surprise. You know, that's what you want. More than I surprise, imaginary heroes. No match point. Oh. President Bush's power to shape the federal judiciary is coming to an end. To which we say, a ride. The Democrats take over the Senate in January, means that they'll be able to deny consideration nominees who is used to oppose any such as abortion. Speak of the devil. While Republicans will still control the lame box and a section convening this week, there's little chance to vaccinate many judges. The Bush presidency is over, with regard to judges said manual Miranda, former Senator public in Abe, who heads the Washington-based third branch conference, which pushes for a conservative judicial nominees. The best Republicans can owe four is that blocked on chips will be initially in the 2008 presidential lesson Miranda said. There are 60-in-a-pills court vacancies. Now, more probably developed during Bush's remaining two years in our office. And Bill Clinton's eyes two years in our office. They were part of the control Senate shelved 16-in-pills court nominees preserving the vacancies for Bush to fill. But they were part of the control Senate Bush put cheap justice, John Roberts, and Justice Sam Beledo on the Supreme Court, and appointed 46 of the 179 judges on the nation's 13 federal appeals courts. Democratic control of the Senate limits Bush's options filling any Supreme Court vacancy. The might of all of the before-eleaves office and nominee such as Alito, who do the support of just four Democratic senators, would probably fail to win confirmation. While half of the Senate's 44 Democrats voted for Robert sized year, many of express reservations and observing his performance on the high court said Jeff Peck was the, they think about him and that's all I love you, a Bush all in the Peck. So that was a great regret. So Jeff Peck, a Washington lobbyist and former Democratic council that is Senate duty here at Cuminney. How much is a Peck? The speech here. Five bucks? The benefit of doubt is diminished for any future Supreme Court nominee he said, Bush is being urged by Senate Democrats to seek consensus on judicial nominees. Don't send us to the local extremist at Durbin of Illinois said after the election. I think that time is passed. Meanwhile, Republican activists say Bush had pushed for a strongly ideological candidates, even if they don't win confirmation. Such a strategy might force you to be elected Democratic senators such as Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, Chairman of Cancel of Missouri, Jim Weber of Virginia and John Tester Montana, to be put to the test. Said John Russel, Executive Director of the Committee for Justice, a Washington advocacy group that has worked to support Bush's anxious right-wing judicial nominees. Senate Democrats can tell us our cover about open also in Nebraska, it's in Johnson, the South Dakota, can't comment North Dakota and David prior, rock and saw, if sometimes you're willing to break ranks with their party over judges. These Democrats like McCann School, Levin Tester, represent states that Bush carried in the 2004 presidential election. One side of how confrontational Bush wants to be, as whether he reliance the lame-bouff Senate, to reconsider five nominations that were stalled before Congress left out in September, they include Terrence Boyle, a federal district judge in North Carolina, nominated the Appeal Court in Richmond, Virginia, who is opposed by Democrats who say he's shown hostility to claims of racial discrimination and environmental abuse. William Haines of the tooth, the Defense Department of General Counsel, who Democrats along with South Carolina Republican Lindsey Graham, say may have helped craft a policy for interrogated suspected terrorists that justify torture. And William Myers, the third a mining industry lobbyist, nominated a San Francisco Base Court, who Democrats say is hostile to environmental regulation. New York Senator Chuck Schubert, who loved that Democrats campaigned to win control, the Senate said, recent meeting of the names would lead to more partisanship on political combat, were asking the president now that were in the majority of do what he hasn't done before, which is consolved with us, Chuck E. Boyle said. I like that. Consolved with us, about it. Not just your right wing goofball, just okay, not just your Nazi buddies. Not just your bunk butt, not the fag closet buddies. 1480 in Underpool. We had a shot there, I think it's a 1600. If I were to really push, but then I got kind of like all, you know, Wimped out because I'm looking at the, at the reads there on Osteris. What's there, hens is a make when you come right down to what huh? When Josh works his ass off to put those on there, do you think he cares about the 10 people or 10,000 people read the uter? As long as that check comes true, that's right now and then. Huh? I just care about the checkman. See, now we're getting a little honest to you out of this guy, just like me. Do I care if we have like a 45 sure and then and we're number one with four bullets? You know, after all these years, what do I got left to prove, right? Whatever he said. And George, you think George, George isn't care about anything. Just that money. Just that money and little bag, get me down in, little bag or a big one. 1492, wouldn't Christopher Columbus be proud of us and make sure right now huh? He discovered America like I discovered a cure for, uh, nostrilitis, no fruit deemists. Christopher Columbus discovered America. Why did they make up such crap like that? They do it all the time. No. What do you think? What do you think our kids are learning about the word in Vietnam? The thing. What did you write? I mean, you were in school at long ago, what do I teach about the word Vietnam? That we won. Oh, right. Yeah. Yeah. Woo. 1256, you want to be working across the street when a raise come out. Hey, look at that. We're number one. We won. We won. Yeah. So this is, uh, and this is not a tumor. It's the one, the two, I'll. You. You. You. You. You. After you did the shower, the you were going to talk about her. She will just be the good but five words. You were the East and the East. You were just a little ear. And then she will go to the day on your head. You were the perfect Sunday day. Get to where you'll be be. We can't even get a none. And man. It's just theee. It's all put up let's just be. It's the boat and rage. It's the boat. We can't even get a none. Yeah. And then man, a banana. And then, a banana. It's the boat and rage. It's the boat and rage. It's one to one. It's five six ahs and we've got alot of stuff and I haven't pre-maidHAHA, we're here. What was wrong with that? He started to be like anti-Jemac Hunnaman? No, no, that at all. Have you found a good machine man and jump into it? But you hear that? I got to show some more paper in there. Better do it? Let's see, 5002 on the full. We can make 16 hundred this hour. We can get to 16 by 2 o'clock. If we don't get to 16 by 2 o'clock, I'll feel like we're like losing it. Like Tom Cruise and what's his name? John Stockwell. Forget about Tom Cruise. What? Easily done. Bob, guide your rights on the smirkling champ. I hope this all printed out before that thing ran out of paper. It's just fine. Short and sweet into the point. I don't want to sit here read a lot along political stuff. That's what's going to kill the show if I keep doing that. The elections over Neil, are you right? In fact, I should be reading only stuff from TMZ.com. There you go. Yeah, so I'll read you a few words. Do you think that's what I'm getting in choir again? About K-Fed, threatening to read the recent sign. Honey movie video? Yeah, K-Fed, I still like that. Oh boy. Isn't that prophetic? Isn't that sad? Typical, pretty, yes. Yes it is. Just not even fail the print note in. Oh, wrong. I'm going to say this document failed a print when I got in my hand right now. I think you're right. This isn't in an explorer. By the way, everybody saying goodbye to a explorer and go to a Missouri Firefax. Oh, the killing brings. Should've done it a lot of time ago. 2.0. Yeah, that's right. I started talking about that one day and then you interrupted me as usual. The new 2.0, let's see what we'll find out. Download that, baby. It's not a big change from what it was before. But it's, you know, who knows? Who knows other than what you're seeing visually. It accomplishes that we don't notice. You know what I'm saying? Only the shadow knows. Bob Geiger says immediately we're feeding the campaign live. Spoon by Republicans guaranteeing cross-the-board tax increases. From a Congress controlled by Democrats. Incoming Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, a dead man in the suit, opened the Land of the Senate yesterday by calling for tax relief from middle-class Americans. And what will be one of his last opening statements to Senate minority leader, we called for the passing of tax grace from middle-class families and businesses as well as appropriations bills that include funding for veterans health care education energy programs. What does that have to do with our winback? For too long Americans have lost his Washington has ignored their needs and concentrated on special interest instead, said read yesterday on the Senate floor. Families have struggled with high health care costs. Only to see big drug companies get billions from Congress. Matches in the battle struggle with filler tanks with gas. Only to see big oil companies get tax breaks. In the weeks and months, they're Democrats will focus our energies on the real challenge as facing America and take concrete steps to protect the country and help working families get ahead. We propose that post-dressing congressional session be used in part to extend critical middle-class and business tax cuts, including the following. The elections for college tuition. The elections for state and local sales taxes. The elections for out-of-pocket expenses incurred by teachers. For business extending the research and development work opportunity and work for the work tax credits. And the idea, I like that. Tax cuts for the rich under Bush and Republicans for wealthy and big business. It's no surprise. They do what they've always done. That's what they're all about. Here's your buddy, Ahmadinejad. There's government. We've always said we'll have a dialogue with that. But I'm just saying conditions. Good. God, what's that? She's enough to make you don't treat your girlfriend on there. I saw her yesterday briefly. Read her case. Read her. Read her. Read her. Read her. Read her. I give up. What is the good man in the suit? No one's a brain dead man in the suit. A Los Angeles woman who's stomach used top star macosex and sexual abuse last year. In that sensational trial, please, no contest to welfare for our yesterday is agreed to repay more than 8600 bucks. See the way that they smear and smear that nice lady. Sure. She's a low-life, but nevertheless, Los Angeles superior courteards, Barbara Johnson, also were to the 38-year-old woman who's not been named by most news organization if he had done the reverse son to perform 150 hours of community service. Johnson said the welfare for our charge will be reduced to a Mr. Meeter April 27. If the woman performs the community service and pays the rest of the tuition by that date, the woman was expected to move to Georgia later this year and was earned by the judge from a rural and a community service program in Georgia. Maybe entry. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think they like her kind of entry. In California, played in no contest is the legal equivalent of Pliny Gully. After trialized the prosecutor's charge actually with most of the teenager and can sparring the whole human assembly against their will, at a same never-laying valiant ranch in central California, they jury amazingly acquitted the entertainer of all charges in June of 2005, astonishingly and amazingly. The woman took the witness standard in the trial testifying that for a time, she was forbidden to leave the ranch to was intimidated by Jackson's associates. She refused to testify about the welfare assistance, citing her fifth amendment protection against self-incrimination in Georgia and after the trial, that her credibility in court-spactor in their deliberations. Jackson 47, as we know, is moved out of the country, never-land remains largely shutted and he's living up. We'll put it up. I'm sure we're lots of little boys in Bahrain. Bahrain. On airs ship rate, a real screamer. Powerful man, no matter what is tight always. I saw those, this is, look at that, he reached out and grabbed one. I can't believe it. He reached out right in the mirror and grabbed one of those runaway. This is nice going ship. You go, girl. Fifteen ten. That's WMEX in Boston. Fifteen ten. You believe me? Sure, why don't I? Why would you learn? I'm looking at a wide-owned member. It's a long time ago. That's how many votes we got on the full. We need 90 and 53 minutes. That's not even two a minute. We should be able to do that. WMEX FM, what are six point five? There ain't no more WMEX. And he likes them, apples. Man, all those great stations from the olden days. Let's see, radio broadcasting history, radio stations by city and Massachusetts. Oh, God. WVCS, I gotta go all the way to M, WODS. WMEX Boston, but it doesn't say where it was on the dial. Jack Armstrong, very currented during Congress, Mark Davis, Dan Donovan, One, two and three. Jack Kale, Arnie Wu, Ginsburg, Larry Glick. Larry Glick worked at MESA, can't believe it. Jim Harrington, Bobby, howdy, Johnny Lujack. Melvin X. Melvin. Dick Summer worked there, Charlie Tuna. Rick Williams and Jay Michael Wilson was later at the Keener in Detroit. WDKNR, with the Rodney Droid and I were Jay Michael Wilson. Remember those great Keener Jinguas we had? Yep. Don't count them no more, do I? WDKNR. I bet we got them somewhere. Where'd I find them? They're not in here, I'm sure that. We got old WDG deals, really bad ones. Oh, God. Holy moly, howdy, pressing. Almost as he pressing as working there. Don't worry, Jim, I don't need me. Mark, I need you. Really? My dear, nobody paid for that. Melvin's always whistle. We've been far, this woman got so... What the hell was that? Of course, that's all in that come from. For, are you out of control or what? Hey, that's red! Everybody's doing the WCKR3. Every day Rick's shot call up and I played a little bit of that for a rookie ticket. You know, they're all no more because I'm not looking into phone things. You're calling the bat line, all of your gifts you never give it to them. No, I didn't know. You guys even answered the bat line if it ever rings, is it ring? Well, I wouldn't know this, Marna. Josh, I said, you're as his off. This one's broken and Josh has had it worked in like two years. So if you're calling, I asked, number one, you're wasting your time. I can see on the actual phone. I can see my worst is fine, but I haven't shot off because I don't want to take no call. That's a good one before. And I don't think I've ever taken another one when you come right down to it. Two am. Hey, why do you hate me? Oh, I guess I said. I don't want to take these two because, yeah. See, I was thinking about this yesterday. And one of the things that the audience loved about some of us on here is ripping. We like when you ripped the calls, but you see this, it's right. It's coarse. There's no point in that anymore. Is there? No. What's the point? Because like nine out of ten of our bunch of bozos anyway. So it's like it's like shooting fish in a barrel, right? Like Dick Sania, one of his hunting trips, shooting friends in a barrel. What's the point? I mean, anybody would call a radio talk show. Ninety at least 95 percent of got to be. I have no line. Yeah, some kind of a problem. Some kind of a serious problem. And as soon as I talk about doing this, I'm better re-turbish show it off again. You can't see it. No, I'm not the least good tempted. I've punched that one up even though I saw there was somebody on there to see if it added something to my show to my existence. And it was, you know, we think I'm not not going to guys seem like real color. You know, that was the problem. It seemed like a real color. Everything goes through phases. You know, this business is special. But everything, things change. If you want to do the same old try it into, It's like some people that try to tell me, well, a talk show. I can have a talk show when no phone calls. Okay. I'm talking. We're in here talking for four hours. Who says that a radio talk show is going to have stupid ice phone calls. Or even smart ice phone calls. Which is most of what we get smart ice. Am I right? Who did it? Who did it? Who did it? You know, things change. You've got to, you know, move up. Just like that they, I told you I was going to have mandarin over here on the phone. It's against the minute time when I and Z. I'm tired of this already. And if I'm tired of the audience must be ready to plot from it. And I told the producer, whoever it was back then, I said, Prouder up in Tevarra, we, you know, the dog pee in the carpet. We had some kind of a something came up and we'll talk to her again someday. Which we never did, and then before you know what she was doing. Huh. Somebody sliced her and a kid's up. That one, you know who it was. I got one at all at money, half a month. That's right. She slept in around the ATMs. We had them take all their money out and sliced them to ribbons and buried him in the yard somewhere. Poor male. I guess that'll teach her to like, not accept the Lord, huh? No, I'll teach her a thing or two or three. And a position, may recognize that a single unified position would be best for them politically. They're just, these are easy guys to get us a serious error. There are any straight people left at all. I mean, I just don't get it. All these reporters on TV, they all agree really. Yes. Switchy is on that and the Republican party, the closet, and now that the closet door is open up so wide, they're bunch of screamers. Screamers. So speaking of screaming when we just asked you this one one last time with our Christo. So as I know the answer is going to be just ignore him. I was just saying, what kind of a salesman's here when we're dealing with issues about things in business? We're not talking personal here. We're talking business and just ignore these situations. Maybe in that same, in that case, in Congress, it is a set of video-fifth. So thank you. The best talent is the Kenny and Bowman in the show. We date 7 to 10 and sports radio 560 to 8. Breckling to you. Yeah. You're the one who keeps going on. I can't just say, you are. We're good to be used to be the star of these two weapons. And now we're making movies about the new submission. We're more in a bit than our amount of asking. If we don't keep up with it, I'd throw it a man. Jesus Christ, no he's not. We're screaming when we're talking in the show. You felt it. Jesus Christ, take a look. Don't say the sound to you being the voice. Jesus Christ, all the dreams. God, there was no harm to you. Jesus Christ, take it easy. Find the action made in the right team. Jesus Christ, what is God? I do it now. It's a sin. It is as it was, baby. That's what El Papa said before the drag the slob on a slam all around. This is Red Shoes. There's a couple of also where's Red Shoes, but much snappy. They're going to have to Red Shoes die. He's coming out of the Vatican. I wouldn't doubt it. I'd show you how to read that book. One 17 at 560 W2AM. Here's a thanks from Frank and Melbord who says, you're correct. WMES was at 15. 10. Arnegan's were used to say, WMES, core radio. What? He had a horn used to tooth. Arne, tooth, a woe, again's bird. That was where the woe came from. I still had Jones and for that adventure car hop in service man. He owned that place. I believe Arnegan's adventure car hop. Just like the old A&Ws, you know where the chicks would come out on the rovers skates right up here when they were going to own it and pull off it. Only the only better food. I'm not saying A&W was bad. Do you ever have A&W in here? Do we? Yeah. I should have said that about how is it? It's just like it always was. They got the mama burger and the<|sv|> burger and the team burger and the bubble burger. And the bubble mice. Well, you got me all whipped up about pizza now. Yeah. That's really bad. Well, and nothing I can do about it. I could probably go get one of them in the story. One of them frozen. How many of them have you been in the stuff you're talking about? How bad is it? Right. What's that kind of a dessert or a Josh? Who is a dessert or the one where you put your face up against the stove and you get that marks on your head? Yes. Because it's got to slow rise and crust. I can't eat that. It was so bad. Blood sugar rising up to 700 and I would croak. And then you'd probably take over to show to let you put this some soup and sports your honor or some tapes. So now we need to hear this morning that they're going to have Drew Rosenhaus on every Wednesday. Well, I didn't hear it because I'm not listening to that. Hey, can't eat your own whip. You're a good guy, can't eat but you're a weird whim. Just like this, like they said in the godfather. You're going to have to like a man. That's right. Sidecarats are the defaced and say you idiot, you quizzed on your killer show. Well, all these stupid segments with these. They've got so many very thoroughly on for three freaking hours per chrono from 7 to 10. How many segments do you have to have in there? Pre-fabricated words already farmed out to some of the group. And I guarantee you the station is panese jackasses too. You think that Drew Rosenhaus is coming every Wednesday for free. Just because he's got a big ego. And he's like, oh, what's his name? The Lord. Kendall coffee. I think he's been like or a camera. Democrats who is Senate leadership. And I think this is the last political story for a while. They don't care about the politics all over now. The election's over, Neil. Oh, sorry. He's like a week ago today, right? Okay. Senator Harry Reid did man in the suit. We'll continue to lead this party in the Senate. The next term of our story is learned. Senate Democrats now the majority party today voted for leadership post within the legislative body. The group also named Senator Robert Burr to just turn 200 years old as a president and pro-tem and Dick Durbin. Former minority whip as an assistant majority leader. Robert Brokster, California, be chief deputy whip, leading deputy whip, Thomas Carper, Bill Nelson and Marce Fingel. On Thursday, Democrats in the House only to choose their new leaders with most eyes on the race from majority leader. Soon to be House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's endorsed representative John Murphy, even though Congressman Stany Horrors in line for the position. And the two Democrats have been lobbying for support from their colleagues. It's a battle. It's a fight. And Marce will get it. You should get it. Yes. 1535 and I've pulled work creep into our 16. I don't think we're capable of doing 1,600 during the show. Are we? Why not? I don't know. I just made that up. To make it seem like if we do get there if an animal accomplishment and if we don't like, oh, they never had a chance anyway. 1,600. 1535, or is pretty heavy. Have they heavy duty in it? You don't think? Yeah. I think what I could do is probably get out. I could be on a plane by three or four this afternoon and decide in the York and take a can right down here to Manhattan and get some of that great new, authentic New York pizza and then come back late tonight. Or I could hop on a plane, one of them little puddles jumpers and power across the lake and go to Rochester where they got really good pizza. You want to know why? Because it's like real Italians who make the pizza and the restaurant's there. Does that make a difference? You were drásted before about that place in Carl Springs. Real eye tradians are cooking up this stuff. Not a bunch of, you know, Jews pretending to be Italians. Stuff like that. You know what I mean? No. What do you mean? A sanitation worker who found $1900 a tentatively discarded desk at a city's scrap heap says he's followed the rules and now deserves the money but the city won't give it up. This is a Nina Wisconsin. Do you ever hear of Nina and I should Wisconsin the twin cities? No. You did now. Nina and Anasha. Now how many people live in both cities put together? Not third man. It's been very hard on me for being honest and then being told that because your honest we're going to pack you on the back and take your money David Voitte said and telephone interview the other night. Voitte 52 found the cash in July and envelopes the test by magnets. To the other side of the middle desk at a junk drop off set of the city garage. envelopes the test by magnets. Voitte a long time street and sanitation worker for Nina. Turn the money over to the police and wait for somebody to claim it with the 90 days. What an idiot. I know. If you found $1900 in a trash situation like that, you turned over to the police? No. I really wanted to go to the rightful person voice and it didn't matter to me. It was mine to begin with. But it kind of rubbed me the wrong way that all of a sudden the council said since it was found on city property, you can't have it, Mr. you can't have it. Now that the 90 days revenue was claimed the money city officials have been rangering over what to do with it. I can somewhere to stick it back to $1900 bucks. Isn't that pathetic? Yes, it is. It's always a show you try to be honest up standing citizen and they slap you right in the ass and in the face. That's the problem. So there's no reward for honest. I mean, why I guess once in a while, if you found like a rich person lost a lot of money, and he returned it and said, you know, if they were in a generous mood at that moment, then I could be really nice reward. But what would you rather have? All the money of the reward, you know? If you found 50 grand with the rent, it had like $1000 reward. Or the 50 grand in cash. Oh, I'm serious. Let me think about that while I spend the money. Yeah. I mean, I'm not sitting here preaching that people should be dishonest, but if you have a defined something that's like that no name on it, you know, it's one thing if you find somebody's wallet that's got all kinds of ID and stuff like that. I mean, what I would do is you know, clean the money out and just return the wallet. It's got a lot of important stuff in there. And that's been Franklin's day money. I know he's dead, so I'm just going to keep it. That's exactly he ain't going to do nothing with it no more. He can't even go on and fly to tight no more. Crying out loud. 1541. We have 37 minutes for 59 votes. This is going to be a real see. Goes to show you. It's just one of those days. It's kind of murky and depressing here to be honest with you. It's not really pleasant. You know what I mean? It's murky. Right that down cash. By the way, George tells me, cash is always going to be a blow off the map now with that new show. Yeah, so it's 45 and murky. It's not raining or anything. It's just murky and they, you know. So it's not a really uplifting day. But if we could get out of nowhere out of the blue, the 60 and every votes on the pool. While we're still on the air, I guarantee that that's going to be on the front page of the weekly weaver tomorrow. It'll be between Tom and kids about how great US didn't be at none and how nobody got killed. That Neil Rogers had 60 and every votes during the show on the stupid ass pool. About phonies, phonie, baloney. Speaking of phonie, baloney, president, mach, mu, rachma, dinejad. Wait a minute, one moment please. My husband totaled our new SQV on my birthday. But you know why I still love it. Anyway, president, I don't like this bottle, I'm much, you know. Why not? Well, compared to the Vroom's Warrior 1 and the one with the announcer guy, this one's a little weak, a little dry. I was one little whitey woman. And cute, now I'm in this cute. President mach, more withachma dinejad on Tuesday said it ran with soon celebrate completion of its controversial nuclear fuel program. Instead, I know fuel. Well, the wisdom and resistance of the nation today are positioning as stabilized and very hopeful that we'll be able to hold a big celebration of a grand full nucleazation in the current year. The hardline present totaled reporter during the press conference ran current calendar year ends on March 20th, whatever that means. More religious secret. The hardline present also claimed that international community was caving into terrains demand for a nuclear program he didn't elaborate. And, drawing a direct analogy between Iran and Nazi Germany, the coup d'ai de Benjamin Netanyahu, a netanyahu, netanyahu, not can't stand him. Benjamin Netanyahu, a real BB brain, if there ever was one, a certain yesterday that the Iranian nuclear program, posed a threat not only to Israel but to enter Western War, there was still time home to prevent to rent from acquiring nuclear weapons he said. It's 1938 and Iran is Germany. And Iran is racing to arm itself of the atomic bombs netanyahu told Olegets to the United, the annual United Jewish Community General Assembly, repeating to Iran several times like a chorus during his address. Believe him and stop him, he said, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. This is what we must do. Everything else pails before this he be saying. While the Iranian President denies the Holocaust Netanyahu, he said, he's preparing another Holocaust for the Jewish State. But it'd be better to be better about it. I like that. BB brain. He's just like in front of an opening man. He's looking for an opening so they can go in there and nuke him. Fry him. I might be just dropped for a 2,300,000 and nice cluster bombs like they didn't lesbian on. And by the way, you lesbianies out there don't just start getting too comfortable. Why not? They got their eyes. They got their minds set on you again, like that's why my George Harrison. Fifteen-event and forty-seven votes on the full. We need 53 and 34 minutes. That is a doable number man. If everybody goes out there and votes 2,300 times extra. You think? No. You think Joe Bell is going to come running in there to a foxing. Sixteen and revotes are the full. You people must have an audience out there. I was saying, no, we don't used to. No. Used to be for you, Kim. Twenty-seven past one, by the way, a lot of people are going to the Christmas party this year because you won't be there, great. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Well, did you have the, for sure. Well. Like I said, anybody trying to be going into the a QA in Christmas party for get about a grey go-be. If there's a butt-ass melody. All the clippers spent their first night in Chaffa Club. Oh, I'll get it. Oh, come on. No, I'll get it. Don't worry about it just back. Come on. I'm coming out. Come out. Come out. Come out. Well, hello Mr. President, I'm Sarah Rubin. Yes, you are. Yes, we're family living in the Victorian house, cross the street. Of course, a very nice house, and you have very nice legs. Well, thank you, Sarah. I'm welcome to our little town of Kappa-Py. Hope you family will enjoy living here. I'll thank our little. My daughter, I'm there, man. I have pictures of a welcome to the neighborhood of Turkey. Family recipe for pineapple upside down King. I like to take your pineapple anyway. I'm so damn sad. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Thank you Mr. President. My mother. I'm just a lady for next door. I'm so... Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I said I'll get it. Just sit down and shut that wave-wings. Are there a bunch of people? I can't believe it. Well, hello. Hello, Mr. Clinton. I'm a lame trip. I can't keep your voice down. Are you the escort? I'm no Sarah. Ah, ah, ah, ah. I'm sorry, Mr. Crick is working out doing you work. I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort is not here yet. See, you want to jump on a little Charlie? I'm no Sarah. All right. Well, I'll sleep later, I'll lay. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. No, just another neighbor. You can make some food or what? Ah, sweet, Jesus. Wow, wow. Jesus, doorbells go and crazy. I get it, I get it, I get it, I get it, I get it. Great, Seasors ghost. I'm a sheep. Is he my cat? Good. God, all my money. What do you think of mine to bond? What are you doing here? Well, I bought that house next door with my chain, cream money. Oh, my God. We'll be see the latter each other in the year 2000. Yes, 50 out of 65 votes, 134, 26 minutes for a 35 votes. That's just really more than one minute. We can do that easy, yes, you can. We can do that just as easy as eating pizza pie. Hmm. Okay, do it. Two-to-the-miller from a New York Times investigative reporter who went to jail to protect the confidential source said the balance between national security and civil liberties has been tipped. A lot of the Bush administration had become secretive about its decisions and truce it in the public lives and were lucky to share information to public has a right to know. No, I said many Americans don't understand how they're access to information in the freedom of the press have been affected in the past few years. We are less free and less safe, she said, explain that to us as a growing secrecy in the name of national security. Miller, who spent 85 days in jail for refusing to reveal a source in the Valerie Plain case, spoke Friday morning at Kansas State University as part of the community readiness communications accurate messages in time of the crisis conference. What a name. Plain was a CIA agent who well we know about that. Miller said no one can deny lives haven't changed since 9-11 and that national security is a concern, but the federal government has used that fear to justify eavesdropping on phone conversations and tapping into emails without warrants and classifying information was once available to the public. More than 15 million documents were classified last year as you said, explained that translates into 125 documents a minute. It's intimidation by classification. And American citizens are paying for it. She said to the tune of $7.2 billion in fiscal year, 2004 alone. How can electric be free and informative? It's the nine information of the last. Without a free press, such stories as the torture prisoners at Iraq's, prison war, less war tapping in CIA, prison, and Eastern Europe will never have been reported to be seen. People need to know what the government is doing in order to debate. She said, Miller said the American media hi-ever, he gave the federal government reasoned it out its motives and competence. Each time it's discovered an article is plagiarized or gossip is reported as fact. The blurring of entertainment and news in the relaxing of journalists' standards can be seen in online bloggers who are critical of people without giving them a chance to respond or don't post corrections when they learn that what they posted is wrong. She said, I'm worried about bloggers. She said, a post starts as a rumor within 24 hours its repeated is fact. While she advocates a federal shield bottle, a protected mainstream journalist from divulging their sources, she doesn't favor standing at the bloggers who don't follow the standards and ethics of the journalism industry. The standards and ethics of the journalism industry, wow. Still, she wouldn't restrict the bloggers' right to publish online. She said, some bloggers have been invaluable in covering government flaws. I'm glad to welcome them as long as they agreed to the standards. She be seen. Well, may God, whatever? Do you know if Miller back to jail, bitch? I like it. Good, I'm glad for it. So, at $15,70,000, we need only 30 more, we got 24 minutes. And again, as we are closer to the two o'clock, the ratio is like dropping down, you know what I'm saying? Pretty slowly, like one minute, one minute. And if we had 16 other people listening and they all voted, we have 16 other votes, but we don't. Who's the biggest phony of them all? Rush Limba, 614. He's got damn near 40% he's got 39. Oh. Is that time of the year, you know, where the allergies start acting up? Yes. Huh? Yes, it is. Is it really? That's not what it was in the spring. That's all every year, down here. Oh. Nasty. Now what was I just doing? A Waxland lawsuit, 714, 39%. Reverend said, Haggard, 2.41, he likes to get a, 2% of the money. 2% of the money. Or at least part of his money. Bill O'Reilly, 181. He's still breathing heavy. Dr. Phil 173. That's Nippon Talkman. That's tight, really tight. Tight as a, as a Hangman's news. Oprah, 90. Look at how Dr. Phil's way header as far as the phony list. That's really something. She invented him. Phan Acid Bush has got 84. Dog the bounty header, 42. Rift's not in kind of a guy. Mark Foley, she's up to 42 now. Comment up there slowly but surely. He said, don't call me surely. Jesse Jackson 40, I hate this poll only, a mirror 36, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, percent again. We're stuck on that two, two. So two of them together, maybe the hump or a word, to the holiday party. Jewelry women's got 20. And Nancy Grace, she's still last place. She's got 10, friend. So we got more friends on our mice face than that bitch. Who year? Wow. That is impressive. I mean, the $500 and the $77 we got on the poll, that's moderately impressive. Because it's a very negative thing. You know, just taking a cheap shot of people, which we certainly never would do on this show. Just giving the answer to a cheap shot, and it means spirited in a hostile to some nasty hostile bastard or old bitch like Oprah. I know they're saying what your address is. I was jealous of all her money. I'd like to have her money. Make them a stick of vomit. I wouldn't show her wooden trade bodies. I mean, this man is this fat old, to the third body is. I wouldn't trade bodies with that bitch. And it's sour. Even if you had a talking butt. I forgot about that butt. Now that you're making it. Well, I still haven't watched American dad. I was like more than one episode on that disc. It's just the one, but if you like it, many of them are very funny. But no one in particular is about gay Republicans. So I thought you'd get a chuckle, a secret. Republicans. Yeah. Well, I didn't think there was any such animal. Well, anyway, I got a plan. I'm going to do is give me a pizza. And just eat the toppings. And I'll watch American dad while I'm eating. I'm at the... Don't tell me. I'm so fast. Tell us the faces. We'll rock for us. For Shredio 560. You ain't damn. I'm not that nice. Women, adorn him. His lust is uncoachable. His animal magnetism knows no bounds. He's a man. He's a beast. He's a boy, girl. He's a boy, girl. He's a boy, girl. How are you? Okay, Gary. Oh, boy, girl. You're having an asthma attack. You're somebody calling it an ambulance. Or you don't take it to this now. Yes, that's right. You can't talk dirty to a boy, girl, too. Have the mousse with Adler's satisfy your every beast of desire. Don't stop. I'm almost there. I'm almost there. I'm almost here. Boy, if I knew you were coming, I'd have this mistake. Boy, go make me scream. Okay, good credit cards. Have been ripped. Oh, yes, talk dirty to a boy, girl. Call 1-900-Moussemate. 2-L's first minute, 6-L's each additional minute. The mousse is waiting to talk to you. Spending it on. I think I got to mousse in the line. Right, 100. Moussemate's right. I thought it was that the reason. And Hank, we doing it. Long-Con, we're seeing. I thought we were done with those. We'll see. I only have two short ones. And I've been playing them all day. So I figured. No, I don't have to play an eye. Josh said that in you for threatening to take those stories out there. That's what I'm saying. Everyone's talking about Emmett Smith these days, but they're not talking about the NFL career leading Russia. The chatter is about how Smith's hips sway and smooth lives on the dance floor. And got him to this week's finale on the ABC celebrity show. What does it call? I give up. We'll just think he's chopped off on the end. Dancing with the stars. Oh. Anybody who watches that show, we don't want to know you. I think he's just fabulous. And we're going to be 69, five, five, five, five. That was black dance leader told that was morning news. There's no doubt many of you watching the show down between Smith and partner Cheryl Burke and actor Mario Lopez and Karina Sumpton, rather. Dance studios to our North Texas and El Emmett watching parties. The show is appeal to the crowd. It's kind of cross-culture and class lines. Dancing with the stars, my ass. And so our Mario Lopez is concerned, oh God. Who are you kidding? You know that one from Saved by the bell or whatever hell it wasn't going to hell and don't write that girl. Whatever that was all about? No. You know Mario Lopez? No. I don't see if it's chopped off. I know if I would take the time. But if I took the time that you want me to do like highlight all of a sudden, I want her. I wouldn't be able to sleep. Listen. Taking turn. Who's the craziest person you know? You. There you go. Sixth and I'm at most on the pole. So that's all I care about. I don't want to hear any instructions. Okay. I know happy the way it is. Old dog. It's far when it's chopped off. And in addition to which I got news for how many old parts like me, my age, are as computer literate and know that doesn't mean that you have to keep doing things the hard way. I like doing them the hard way. I know. I've heard everything that lasts very long. But never let them. For evangelicals, supporting Israel is God's foreign policy. This is a long article. And I have to be the whole thing you ought to be real happy about that. 766 crans on my space on our page on there. We got 1600 votes on the pole. Holy moly. There's your girlfriend, Hillary. I am going to relish this victory. She says you're going to put relish on it. And Bubba said, don't even think about it. As is really bonds fell on lesbian on for a second week last year live. The Reverend John Hague of San Antonio Rav and Washington with 3500 evangelicals for the first annual conference of his newly founded organization, Christy is United for Israel. At a dinner address by the Israeli Ambassador, a handful of Republican senators and the chairman of the Republican Party, Mr. Hague, read some present abortion prime minister, Abelut Olmer to Israel, and dispatch the crowd with a message for the representatives in Congress. Tell them to let Israel do their job of destroying the Lebanese militia has Velamistra, he said. He called the conflict a battle between good and evil. And since the poor for Israel was God's foreign policy, all my God. The next day took the same message to the White House. Many conservative Christians say they believe that the president's support for Israel fulfills a biblical injunction to protect the Jewish state with some of them think will play a pivotal role in the second coming. Many on the left and turn for that such theology may influence decision the administration makes for Israel and the Middle East. That's why things are going so well over there right now, by the way. That's why the road map is doing so well. Remember that road map they kept talking about in the report tent in the Quintet and the Samy Davis trio? Administration officials say that the meeting with Mr. Hague was a courtesy for a political ally and that evangelical theology has no effect on policy making. Anybody buy that one? No. But the alliance of Israel, the evangelical Christian supporters in President Bush Meister has never been closer or more potent. In the wake of the summer war in southern lesbian, I'm reports that his velocity is not a good answer to Iran, maybe pushing for nuclear weapons, have galvanized conservative Christians support for Israel in a political force that will be hard to ignore. Look out for crazy people like Bet and Yahoo and Nasma, Dina John and both all these crazy people, religious nuts. For one thing, white evangelicals make up about a quarter of the electorate, whatever strange may be creeping into the Israeli-American lines over Iraq, the Palestinians in Iran, a large part of the Republican Party's base remains committed to a fiercely pro-Israel agenda that seems likely to have an effect on policy choices. Mr. Hague says his message for the White House was, every time there's been a fight like this over the last 50 years, the State Department will send someone over an agenda called for a ceasefire. The terrorist would rest, we are in retaliate. He ended a piece of it has never helped to Jewish people. I've said it one thing, man. He sure did a wonderful job there, and was given on to the accomplish a lot. Sure, sure tell a lot of his and people on a lot of them cluster of bombs like kids. This time, Elliott Abrams, the White House deputy national security adviser who met with a mischief, agreed Mr. Hague said, leaving the White House offices, we felt we were on the right track, he'd be saying. Now, in tandem with the Israeli government, many evangelical Christians have focused on a new villain, the Iranian President Machmoud Ahmadinejad. The evangelical broadcasts and commentators have seized on Mr. Ahmadinejad's comments, questioning the Holocaust and calling for the abolition of the Israeli State, and many evangelicals not talk to the Iranian leaders a more-hold threat to Israel. So many evangelicals, you can say they're wary of reports that a panel of fully-former secretary of state James Baker the Turd, might recommend negotiating with a ran about the future of Iraq. It certainly bothers me, said the obnoxious, umptus-illudentic doctor James C. Thompson found where Hocus focused focus on the family, a lot of the most influential conservative Christians. That has the same kind of field to it as they British negotiating with Germany, Italy and Japan, and they're running up to WWII. Neville Chamberlain's alive and well as what he's trying to say, what about Richard Chamberlain? You've found Dr. Kilder who's trying to be a Kilder, who's trying to be a Kilder. We're not to Kilder. He were full on somebody all along, Richard Chamberlain. Every came out of the class of the year or two ago. Yeah, like anybody with an odd one eye would know he was. Yeah, come on, Richard Chamberlain. That's the one, that's her. 16, how would we do the symbol of the poll? This is a banner day. A banner day, an honor of this. What do we do now? Take the rest of the week off? Sounds like a winner to me. Do we the whole day tomorrow to find a good machine man instead of just the afternoon evening in the overnight hours? 16, 07, who is the biggest phony of them all? Rush Limbaugh, 600, 30, let up a durian house on there too. He really frost my ass. It's neat to be filed by just about everybody Josh and people are hate him like poison. Yes, he's a turd. He is a real turd. And I, and I, and I real media hound man. He's just like I said, never met a camera or microphone he didn't love. I, I rather have Seth Greenberg. I don't even know who the hell he is. What do you say with, let's have some segments on it. Sure, like I said, that I read in the bedtime stories because the elections over now and they need a rest. They don't want all this heavy duty serious political, you know, they want a little levity now, man. So let's have some segments. Sure. What do you got in mind? I'm going to be hanging minutia on Mondays. We'll say, I just school like on Tuesday, Marwin Cohen on Wednesday, and he hung it on Thursday, and what about Moistie Puppet? And what's his name? A.B. Ischkebibble? No, from from the godfather. What's that drop in I've got? I don't know. Can't even think of his name. I had a brain fart. Low green? Not low green. A Jewish comedian from Miami Beach. Oh, Jackie Mason. Jackie Mason. What the hell is wrong with you, man? Drugs of. That must be it. I haven't had any excuse. On the streets of Henley, Jewish Miami Beach, Lansky became an elder statesman, a living legend. The most precious Jews in the world in Miami Beach were the only people to invite us, everything. Even God wasn't close to my electric. So as they saw my alleged, if we get about God, Dechefus God used to wake you from follow him, look at him. He walked on the street, he would talk about how slow he walked and he had a dog. The cow was a host and he said, don't get up. But time once I went into Philadelphia, my amidis. And he sued young boys, come up with y'all. Because I knew we were looking at my grandpa. I was going to stand on the background. And they came up with some of the stylists. We were there. We'd like to get your autograph. And he kind of wished that I seriously didn't know my grandpa. He was like, what did I do when I cat him your award? And so what we figured would be worth some money. Something was your last name. He said, no sign on sign on a graph. He said, no sign on a graph. So this is the real Roger S. Force Radio 560. And, you got this is their rather former CBS evening news anchor man. And now a punchline. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete old domination as an army air talking head. But let us speak about some of the names who had been mentioned to replacement. First Bob Schiefer. Nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use low games. Another name that has been banished about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long, plus he's Canadian. And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a host yet. Then there's Scott Perry from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me and make up the story about President Bush. I think, plus he's skinny, he even Kelly Ripper. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply. The threat runner just succeed me seems to be current today show co-worker Katie Kirk. When I first heard her name and the same sentence says, man, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J. Low's butchete. Plus, her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of Jean a tape. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you a whistle is to blow a gong is to bang, and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan Rather. Bye bye, bye!