Party That's what I'm talking about Nobody cares so why would you start with a hockey thing anyway we got this man A hockey thing it's a gambling thing get out. Oh, that's right. That's your offer. Got that's your business. Sorry. Yeah, it's a gambling thing. How about that though? What wait wait wait. We're wasting his wife is betting food. Oh seems like a lot of guys wives are in the deep dodo these days No, I don't know or we're not talking about that Talking about what who can say this thing I just got back off a plane. I have no idea what you thought about it here We're not we're not talking about the man it's just situation with his wife and his kid in the bar Oh, voice will be boys. Oh, yeah, especially his voice I really I didn't hear anything about it until halfway through the show if somebody called me and said this is what happened Well, I'll tell you one thing. It must be a really big story because nobody anywhere is written one word about it So now one of those little bar room things that happens and somebody made some on flattering comment about the wife and the kids took exception to it and being the ill Bread people that they are they got into a big bra Whatever. I would say good for the kid Well, all the pens on the circumstances, you know I don't know what he was said. I don't know what he was saying What would I do you weren't there during the daytime we were working at night. So I remember those kids all boy But those kids have grown up Okay, I can tie down man. They were on top of it. We're throwing it. They were up little kids. Wow. What they grew up, okay? Now I heard they grew up big they became gigantic but they are pretty much the same But but I don't know That's right sure that Mr. Maddo we're talking about this afternoon. He'll have the inside dope Oh, God Yeah He'll have this stuff So what was the story That's what was somebody said something and solving the general wife They were there were waiting online outside of some bars some established I don't know I've heard 16 different conflicting stories and Some jackass made some on flattering comment about Mrs. Madditch and the son took exception to it and got into a thing and the Mrs. Madditch and the son of our rest in For disorderly kinder if some says I don't know Sam just I have as much information as you do or less yeah, I was traveling yesterday So I wasn't told that we are not talking about it Hello, there is nobody's coming this morning and they try to provoke an adjective which seems to be his new a deal now Nobody said anything They want to create something wrong. I guess that's his new deal now There is nobody has said don't talk about It's kind of hard to talk about it though. We don't know to I don't know anything I don't know basically that wouldn't be a new one talk radio I mean there are a lot of people talking about stuff. They know nothing about some people like your friend Cody who wrote yesterday that The ratings were off from a Super Bowl Yeah, they were the highest rating of any television shows since you're too well. All this you know He's never going to be the same weekend anyway I took I took care of him a single handedly as you did I was asked about that situation and I said don't worry about it. I took care of it You know sometimes you have to take care of matters yourself. Hey sometimes you got to find a wartime console Yeah, that's correct. And we don't have one so I took care of matters myself and we trashed them just annihilated them And Cody says oh well, we didn't respect it to get all weird. It was just for I didn't know see anything weird about it except for that email that Alan Brown sent out I don't want to get to start an Alan down low-light See I don't know who some of these people are so I don't have the advantage that you got I just know a guy who hired him to do a project for him and got shafted pretty good really. Yes, huh Careful now that's as far as I'm going with it. Oh Not downtown this way. He just didn't get his money's worth He was promised some things were gonna happen I think that crosses three they're not getting their money's worth either rather than only for that promise things were gonna happen in the event that never happened I'm curious is Cody on the payroll over there. Amen must be the Harold Huh at the Harold yeah, that would be a still I'm talking about across the street. I don't think so I don't think he goes on there to be the singing sports spirit just just for the fun of it All maybe he's got that kind of an ego. I don't know I don't know a lot of Harold guys shows show up over there for for I guess time the time Well, he in love and told you to do that stuff on the SPN radio Maybe there's something on in very little sack besides the baloney sandwich everything and that little brown bag You know what I heard one day he opened it up and it was a story in there and you threw it away Yeah, poor Barry poured the poor Harold, you know I'll look Kevin Pastor called me yesterday and we spent a half hour in the phone. He's gonna write a piece about my 30th anniversary coming up in three weeks Oh, I don't know that yeah, in South Florida that is I know I know it's not Oh, man, 30 years Wow Your buddy at the sunset and low. He's probably still in California getting wind and dying So I'm sure I'm not gonna be hearing from them and that's fine with me I don't know how to see them lately. Yeah, he's after getting wind and dying Plus he doesn't write about radio anyways, so why would he want to write about something as intonuclear as that? Who does write about radio and nobody? Nobody wants it a great while now we have a column about Spanish language radio and that's pretty Tovifies what South Florida's all about for the Sunset Yeah, and either paper. Yes There's nobody who writes a regular radio column in town The only place you'll ever read anything about radio is in either Sarnese column or Barry Jackass That's always sports radio so that leaves me out entirely and That's the pretty sad commentary and if I was on the other stations I'd be pretty peot about it because let's face it. There's only two stations doing sports and then you know eight million other ones Very sad Oh, well Detroit was okay Yeah, they didn't do a badge. Oh, that was the other thing he wrote in this column yesterday that Detroit had bad food There's a lot of good restaurants and Detroit is known for good food And even though I have been there in years I don't see why any reason why that would change. He chose always had a lot of great restaurants. I went to two very good ones. Well, I was there So well, no when you go to white cancel That's what you expect right away on his budget from the hero the onions were overcooked Bad food in Detroit. What a what a joy When idiot, you know Jackass but then again that's our Florida man. It's a trap You trap with swirl That's why I told Kevin Baxter I have this great this fantastic deal here I don't have to be there I can do the show like I was there, but I'll have to be there even during the hurricane You know is tremendous advantage not being there I'd have to drive in there and risk my life every day and I could see everything was going on in the internet In on TV it was a great In fact, I could actually done the show that day on the day that the hurricane or Wilma that they had hit And he said well, we'd have to bring somebody in here and jeopardize their life And it's okay. I'll go to Woodbindston did we have our power up that old day? I don't remember. Yeah, hmm where's an upset? But Mark that down. Yeah, put that you diary And that happened So that was a pretty a smart me game. I guess I haven't talked to you since the game was pretty smart me In officiating was it horrendous and as usual in this? I don't know well, what did I tell you at the beginning of the season the NFL is a shadow of what it used to be? I don't know more a lot of mediocre teams a lot of crappy officiating just and just like in at the Colse dealer game the guys spend 10 minutes looking at the replay comes out and gives the wrong call and then they apologize the next day Yeah, they didn't apologize for this one. Do you know what a black mark that would be on a whole league if if Broughtless for good isn't reach out and make that last second tackle to save that game The steve is not even lined up in a super well much less, you know advancing beyond that week That's right and the league admits the next day we made a mistake Maybe if they were lost again, they wouldn't have admitted they made a mistake. I forget the official's name, but He wants to him no more really. Yeah, he's right there with Paulie. We need red cash and back again. That's a we made cash That's a we need That wasn't much of a game really it was sloppy and I still don't understand for life of me Why mad and just he kept insisting that they got to kick the field goal now and then do the I was totally right But but the point is you didn't let me finish the point is that he said now they got to do it There was 27 seconds left. I remember it like it was two minutes ago and he said okay now They got and then they didn't do it and he never made any reference to it like just forget I said that you know I was too embarrassing Maybe he didn't want to in Burris cheesehead. He said it though What he did say it didn't he? No, no, not after that not not when they didn't do it He said he said after this play they got to kick the field roll. Yeah, I thought he was yeah He said it two or three times. Yeah, and then they didn't do it. He just pretended he never said it I want you say it it said yeah, well, that's true It's like oh, yeah, like a BM you know once once you let it out, you're coming back. It's right Doesn't go through the hoop that's it Yeah You use the hoop We can talk about that tomorrow. Okay Oh Good how was the talk? I couldn't hear it because I was in a crowded ball room at season's foul I didn't want to first half I was out of the car came back. I did watch the entire second half I thought the telecast was okay boy. That place seems packed Yeah, I mean it was jam. It was but and people were having a good time watching again mostly Stewards like this is gonna be new stopping grounds here is now Detroit the beast has got a win no I'm not going back there ever again Me either let me school by my way. I want to go there. I have no idea I mean you sounded like you were kind of like a smitten with Detroit like what? I thought they were gambling there and they did a good job on the game They were gambling in Atlanta city there too, but who wants to go that place? Oh, oh When I would not go there do I'll there you go. I've been there once and will never go back I've been there a few times I've been in places in my life that I walked out outside of a building and ever felt fear I could like smell it in the LA LA was the first one many years ago Yep, and the second one is Atlanta city yep you walk and it wasn't even outside of the building I walked into parking garage to get my rent a car and Is it late at night and as I walked through there I felt the feeling of terror I don't know how to describe it, but I do I've been there Please what a horrible thought yeah if you don't are the boardwalk is one me, but if you go out the other door Yeah, forget about it. Yeah And only that I've been beast I mean the beast walking back from The DC I was I think anybody that would see him of any persuasion would be so terrified Did run the other directly Just scary looking guy the scary very scary guy. I love the black sad crossing But Atlanta city is the only place ever been in the casino where even inside the casino It's scary you know I can Vegas they make sure everything is like real proper and sparkling and Cochure, etc. But boy, Atlantic city is it's a pretty smart me folks in there kind of reminds me of woodbind Do you go there this weekend? Yes Don't ask don't ask and I'm all tell I keep telling the beast that we'll afford to dollars is that there's no upside to it you can't win it off It's a guaranteed loser Guaranteed loser you there is no upside so when we get well we get this slots in South Florida of course Nobody listens to me because I know nothing but when we get this slide play only other stuff Let the suckers play wheel of fortune. It's very addictive and the spin comes up You know and makes all the sound let the idiots play that because there's no upside to it You know once every six months somebody was the 160 six grand when you've got a try to Instance in hell of a winning that and other than that What do you get a win where was the upside you know what's the poor grand you know one thing about gambling is I don't know if you find it this way when you were playing you know the trials and and But when you win it something one thing you can't win it together trots through hoops and yeah It never it never comes at the same time You know a winning streak in two different Gambling situations for example I couldn't win it horses at all this fast weekend. Yeah, I never lost at the blackjack table Okay, well, that's not bad even you out. I don't I don't I guess until we get to slots with the tracks there and pop it all in the other joints I'm not good and I'll buy back because I never and never engaged in a twin gambling vice at the same time was always either or Wow, look at who I'm looking at Brian Schutz Yeah, he's back. All right Excellent. Oh, back Thank God we got a lot of even see the sales guy in years around his place the first real sales guy Lidget we've had an at building in a very long time Yeah Well, we had to run a sales manager's that worked the best Yeah, yeah, I'm talking about Curtis Raymond Burr. Yeah I was actually referring to the whole run of them starting with screw-in your hair my favorite Start trash and screw-in again. You've been a ex-smelsis-fested in the year I just might have to ask on this yeah That's what Roy said. I'll be careful Please okay early in the year. It's only the eighth of February. You got a long way to go Oh my gosh. I'll never make it. I don't have that far to the middle of June now I'm thinking about it. But at summer schedule starts. Oh my god Just don't on me. Just give me a good inspiration for that Well listen you have a great day I get out with your travel agent right now and start playing the next trip to Detroit Oh, yeah, I'm sure there's no problem getting a room now. Tell the beast if he loses too much gambling And when's he we can go back to the Mount Elliott soup kitchen. I give him directions how to get there. I'll tell him I would say the highlight of your trip there was a dick curtain came over and said hi Yeah, he was very nice. He kept coming by asking questions about you did he really? Yeah, well, he's a great guy. He can't understand He he still cannot put together the fact that you're doing a radio show to hear from Toronto right? He just couldn't fathom it And I said it's been going off for a long time and it's a real successful But why not? How about all the guys that are syndicated? They can't be sitting in 10 different places at the same time What doesn't matter where they are because they're syndicated Well, that's what I'm saying so you're kind of like a pay a pay set or in a way. Yeah, I'm pacing in your trotting through I guess I'll move to Detroit do this show. Yeah, go hand from the right next way from Motown Excellent see you bye I wonder if any of those writers that were calling for talk show hosts that were calling from around the country Field stupid having compared the Indianapolis cults to a perfect season I mean all that stuff though that Dolphid had a weak schedule in the art things just broke right this that and the other happy horse manure Well What do what they're saying and thinking right now are already a matter here from Morgana until the next team runs out 12 Two menish you're sports authority We taste from 47 unspurture neofy 16 2 a This they're very happy For all of you loved our pop up whites or babies here's a new pop up wipe just for a dance Hey, yes, white you talking a video talking to you. What do you want? And that's white you got one sure here you go Thanks when you're on the go you don't always have time to whites virilely with toilet paper if at all That's when you use new ass wipes the moist salad and the conzinha in pop up container Honey you're squirming in your chair and you didn't wipe properly did you? Well, I was so darn busy the day I just didn't have the time here you need an ass like why ever as whites are especially formulated To handle even the most stubborn picotheascos and they're said it to give you that fresh just white feeling say Bill that ass like you let me today was a real life saver. I don't want it that's understood good Yeah, I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop taking and scratching in there But that ass white left me clean as a whistle and at minting fresh feeling gave me the confidence I needed to land the account as whites available in your grocery's things so wipe your butt with section Holy fecal fiasco red man I have played it in so long. I forgot my great line that's a fecal fiasco So you have a great line of all time especially when you're doing business through hoops that's right, but word maybe a hoops skirt 10 13 at 5 60 W 2 M such So I said the story of back and toe. Why you know. I got a whole useful old fool. I know everything that's going on in that room. Why I even know all the new Marjad rule. I'm into the giant daddy or the little little. So guys, it's always back to the ice. Because that is no one I hate you, say. I know I hate no one clearly need. But when they drop right boys, we'll change. You little smoothies and a little dirty. I just want to go. Sorry, you just got it. It's just all I've been doing. It's just one of the other. I just want to go. 10, 19, and five, 60. What's that line of blood like today? We got Gildy. There you go. Excuse me, you tell me. He'll be a little bit too long from two to four. And Eric Reed, the 33, said, been talking through his teeth as he is want to do. That's just the thing he does. That's his bag. He talks through his teeth. That's 77 to 72. And that's unfortunate because otherwise he'd be pretty good. Mad dog, four to six 30. Everybody began it around a radio. He heard the old bedtime stories about Mrs. Mad dog and the son. And that ill-fated trip to Detroit. There's another good reason not to go to Detroit. Hurricanes warm up in 6th, 30. Hurricanes a North Carolina state that the along campus, Becky United Center, 7 o'clock. Anybody going to be attending that game? Nobody's, you know, would he need that on campus or read a badly man so that nobody could show up in an any-canter for hurricanes, basketball. And the other one in plantation says, you forgot these two on your pole. Shoshank Redemption and Q, PD Bullsure. Okay, whatever you say. We put them on their worries. We put what on there? Shoshank Redemption and the Assassin. Oh, I see. No, they didn't understand that. I get the joke, but that was a real movie. No, no, you don't understand. Can you read? Can you? Yeah, I'm sure you read it to you. About the notorious killers. That was about the previous days, Paul. I think Peter the Assassin Bullsure qualifies. I say. As a killer killer for those lives and career stuff like that. So don't please think the Assassin off. Whatever you guys are doing. And also maybe Eric could spell. Since that was my movie, magazine here, here I was not a killer for anybody like that or not. At least let's spell it right. He's got like home-o's heroes, ATR OS. What kind of spellings that? And I look at the sheath that I said to Eric, and did I miss spell it? No, I know my hero's man. I know my heroes and my home-o's. We're about to cram. And don't be called an email. Her some kind of a little pan's either. Oh, I won't call it a little. I don't know how tall he is. Little. 622 votes on it. Wait a minute. Am I out of order? I'm out of order. The whole courtroom's out of order. The whole system's out of order. That's what Alphatino's screaming. Afghan police have shot and killed civil protestors trying to storm a US military base. Bringing the debt toll from this week's violent demonstrations over caricatures of the. And by the way, this whole thing is contrived and being orchestrated by a bunch of lunatic that are just whipping up the extremists. Right. You don't hear that from the mainstream media because they're too busy talking about how insensitive. It wasn't inappropriate for Jimmy Carter and Joseph Lauer, to be making those comments at the correct. Yeah, to hell with them. Okay. I'm pleased. And there was, there was this smirking chin-sit right behind them. They're on that podium. And it's sitting there and he's applauding while they're knocking him in an ass. Yeah. Nice going. Jimmy. The blavius. See Jimmy Carter's figure. And he was a really crappy president when he was in there. So much while makeup for it now and is all day to before he grows. He is with the vengeance. Yeah. What a joke. Haven't been racist, bastard, sitting there. He's giving his tax cuts to the rich. And you know, peeing on those damn poor people down there in noor, leans and Louisiana and Mississippi. And Alabama. Hundreds of protesters rode a rocket police in the southern city of Kalat on Wednesday. It sounds like today. Officials first firing in the air to try to clear the crowd, but turn their guns on protesters is they try to attack the base. They give them a couple of those, but a bing. But a boom. Rarders, quote and police and medical officials, the same three people were killed in 20 of his wounded. I witness this told CNN five people were killed, possibly including a police officer. And similar to ISIS elsewhere in Afghanistan, Monday and Tuesday, let's send people. That's we got at least 10 people dead now. Odessa's cartoon crap. A cartoon flat that they whipped up. And if I had to see that Faggot Andrew Sullivan on my TV again anytime soon with that other Faggot Anderson pooper, Jesus God. You wonder why you don't get to news in America? I don't look at the people that they put on there for Christ's sake. You look at them. No thanks. Anyway, that was the employee yesterday who is the most despicable murder of all time. Hitler's 647, we knew that he was going to win, but it was a battle for a second place. And you're president. You're a civil in president. And as we have more blood on his hands than a butcher. George W. Bush for 18. Stalin 133. 911 Saudi hijackers, 1111. OJ Simpson 57. They still hate your OJ, they're still on their mind. Susan Smith 55, bitch. Osama bin Laden 55, Paul Pot 45. Tim McVay 38. And re-827 Jeffrey Domar 16. I bet you he and Tim McVay were having a good chat. Because it took a long time. Over what's in the freezer? Charles Manson 13 John Wayne Gacy 10, Ted Bundy 10. Dr. Joseph Mangle 9, who has a lot in common with most of these soft-loaded doctors, by the way. Speaking of butchers, we Harvey Oswald 9. Harry Truman 7. Jim Jones 6. Did a lot for the cool-aid folks. Lieutenant William Callie 4. Jack to Ripper 4. Ariel Shuron, misspelled in who cares because we don't hear nothing about him anyway. Not a word. I mean, is it only me? Remember to sound better, platters? Only you would much be only me because nobody else seems to be slightly amazed in B. Mews and the fact that here was a guy who was such a big stimulus that he was had a major stroke. And he was like a breath away from death. And now day after day after day after day we hear nothing. I mean, CNN's got a big thing on managing an office role. Man says pretty important. Things that see you don't look good. Yeah, that's important. Well, as far as Ariel Shuron as he still alive did, eating halvawa, whatever. Getting ready for a poem. He's got three votes. Eric Harris and Dylan Cleveland together. Three. Jack Ruby 3. General Sherman, let's see two for Sherman. Highly in Warnos, Ed Geen, Dennis Raider, Eric Hamilman and Desdiggo is a team. James Earl Ray, David Berkowitz, the son of Sam and Lee pulled in the lobe. One for Lizzie Borden Charles Wittman, Charles Eing, Richard Speck and no votes for Albert Ars Albert de Salvo. Boston Stranger. Oh, Marshall Applewhite. Dol. John Bahamad, the, you see, sniper. Richard Remirez, Gary Gilmore or Sir Handsher Hand None. No, 1600, 98 votes. Not even a rose for Doug Gilmore. Three like that. So that was the result yesterday's pool. See, you've got to get your pool straight enough. I'm going to reread that not only have I got that great column by what's his name? What is his name? Christopher Hitchin. Christopher Hitchin. But I also have, you know, Chris. More, more important. Uh, where the hell is it? Here it is. The cartoon crisis conspiracy and moderate Muslims. It's all manufactured. It's all crap. But anyway, we'll get into that. Because your media is busy telling you about a meat that I've opened up in his video. Discussing that it is if they deserve some credibility. And because somebody pissed you off with a cart, it would be like somebody again, like Tom Cruise getting peered with the South Park with that episode you sent me. Right. Which, of course, he always is getting peered. And always selling everybody. I'm not gay. And I'm going to sue you and prove it. Have another press conference. Don't ask. I just got married to with somebody else. Did you notice the credits at the end of that? And I didn't pay attention. They all had fake names. Oh. Well, anyway, I hear he's getting married to Jennifer Iniston. She's already pregnant by him. He's in pregnant at 15 women since he married Katie Holmes. And he will all be coming Scientologists too. But it would be like that. We like people riding in the streets because South Park said Tom Cruise won't come out of a closet in a cartoon. And a TV cartoon. Right. Right. Or the couch. The church getting all upset because of that. They said, oh, they did. Or like the Scientologists getting all that. They didn't kill anybody. They didn't kill them. They would make you old enough people already. They got their quota. But like the Scientologists, they're not running around killing people because South Park Paralyened their religion made run. They pointed out what a pile of crap it is. And how it's a just a gigantic closet. And everybody who's in there is, you know, like that, like that fat slot, Curse the alley. Oh, she's got a new spot now for that. I hate to contenty. And the whole thing, she's doing like you guys. All we do every day. She's eating the talk with her mouthful. Hmm. If she's charring our federal chair, we were going to tell you how it's ready. Yeah. Oh, she's just disgusting. And when you told me that she was a Scientologist, she answered a lot of questions. I had a lot of that fat. That's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm looking at. Oh, she's revolting. Twenty seven past ten. I think our Kelly is in a closet. I'm hearing him two guys. Hey, when it comes to mattresses, there are a lot of gimmicks out there. The latest are sleep numbers. Otherwise, no, it's air mattresses. They're only warranted and full for two years. They squeak like hell. They pop when the least expect them. Nothing worse than popping when you least expected. They can lose their setting to rebutton. They cost a fortune. If you want a high quality brand name mattress that lasts for years. Call our good friends at dollar mattress. One eight hundred mattress. When you call one eight hundred mattress, you get no run around. No showrooms, shenanigans. Just factory direct prices and a best brands. You know, trust and love. And when you call one eight hundred mattress, you two can afford as big as in the dirt of silly sort of Simmons King coil, temper peed even Stearns of an analyst foster already for same day delivery to you at prices much lower than the so-called big name chain stores even during their so-called big sales. So do yourself a favor. Do the smart piece of chopping by making that one easy call. One eight hundred mattress. And you can have the video want to live a date and time you want it. And they too hard. Everybody window, even like it, we make the call now today. Which is why so many of us are including yours truly been satisfied. And we're going to have a lot of our customers for years. Call them today. One eight hundred mattress or log under their website. Do your shopping right there at mattress.com. One eight hundred MATTRES leave off the last is because it stands for Stupidest Sensational Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.612A. Here. Come on. Come on. We're going to see you again. And now another verse of sub-learity poetry. Here's a tale of lunacy backed by Scientology. No brain cells left in Tom Cruise cupboard for they were stolen by El Rahn Hubbard. When Tom speaks his mouthed phones affirming his love for KV Holmes, Obama couchy jumps with pee. He thinks he's saying remarkably. His mind looks like a red warm hero for Hippeting KV in Epidero. He says others don't use their brain when it's Tom himself who is insane. He calls MATTRES our code and clip when it's he who needs a dribble bib. His lady friends smiles her coolest smile. She's no smarter than bathroom tile. The eyes to close her teeth as few, perhaps she has the avian flu. Feel free if you must disagree with the teachings of Scientology. But on this my friend we can find common ground. Their level of brain damage is profound. The facts are strange. The future shady. For crazy Tom and fiance Katie. This has been another verse of sub-learity poetry. I was just thinking how much is even though I enjoyed that very much. How much that sound like those Paul Harvey bass? It sounded very much like Paul Harvey. And the reason I say that is because we got a new Paul Harvey, I'm not going to wait to play. It's just too good to wait. Oh, morning Americans, it's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. It was this little girl's first day of school. And the teacher asked her, what her name was. The little girl replied happy, but let's see. First that hot eye, I don't think that's your name. You need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out. So the little girl went to the principal's office and he asked, what's your name and the little girl said happy, but the principal called him other to get this straightened out once and for all. After getting off the phone he looked at the little girl and said, honey, your name is glad. It's not happy, but then the girl exclaims, glad as happy, but what's the difference? Paul Harvey. I know. Good day. I see what I mean. That was good. That was cute. That was beautiful. That was happy, but that's almost like a huge magic bud. And anyway, I can't just straighten one thing out. I don't know. Nobody's been listening to me because nobody paid attention to what I say anyway. Just like that little seminar I got this morning about how light bulbs never burn out. But NBC needs to get with it. If you're going to cure the Olympics with a good idea of know where you're at. And I don't want to nitpick, but it just drives me up the wall. And then Brian Williams with his cock-eyed head. He's tried to explain last night well. It's the city of Turin. And they keep saying Turino. If the Olympics were in Florence, Italy, they would not be saying Fadenza, which prevents us the Italian name of the city. Okay, and Italy, Florence is known as Fadenza. Follower and saying, what do you say? Or like Rome. If the Olympics are in Rome, nobody on NBC or any place else in the US would say, Oh, it's the Olympics in Rome. Now they wouldn't say that. They'd say Rome. Am I right? Your name of the city in Northern Italy, where the Olympics are being held up there in the Alps is Turin. Okay, that's the way we pronounce it. It's Turin, T-R-I-N. But NBC, including that promo, we just had a little bit of go. They keep saying Turino. Turin, well that's fine. That's the Italianization of it. It's called the Turino. People like to do that, sometimes. I don't know what I mean by that. Every Wilson, while you go here in Newstchester, break into, but at least they consistent. It's not a huge cash. It's the whole NBC approach to it. They keep putting on a screen there. Turino, it's not Turino. Okay, I understand the other way is Turino. But we call it Turin. That would be like, that would be like, if you want to, you know, as Spanish-ized, like, if you look as when you're sitting in the same way on the York, it's not the way of on the York. New York. But they do that all the time. I understand the comic that it all routine about that. Every time you see, like if they say, Guatemala, they roll back on my lap. But that's not the same. They don't have the same idea. They'll break into, try to pronounce it in the language or the way that it's pronounced in that. I see. Like, we have Iowa. That'd be like that. It's used to do that all the time. But it's used to be like, it's used to be like, it's used to be like, it's about like a sad dad. Oh, man. I feel so sorry for you people in South Florida that nobody wants this picking wish. Anyway, let's get back to this for this Turino crap. Turin. That's why the Olympics are going to be the literal Olympics are in Turin, Italy. Okay? Get it right. Not if you want to go there, believe me. Is that a nowhere near Turino? Yeah. That's right. Next rule. Other than the godfather, and we'll be you could watch a million times. We need to build that pool big time. Because we only got, look at how many votes we got. Look at that. I knew it. I knew it was embroidered on Todd Drex head. Six, six, six, six. Really? I got more than that. No, he and I are going to, we're going to come to a very unhappy end this week. I've been biting my tongue. Remember I told you that little situation we had to show this more lighting your turn? Well, no, I'm just telling you. I don't like being coerced to endorse things that I don't believe in and that are, you know what I'm saying? I don't want to go in beyond that. But I got a real problem with that little piece of turd back there because thank God we got Brian Schmuss back. Every time Brian Schmuss put a spot on the air, it was always something good, something you enjoyed doing, something you believed in, you really yell. Yeah, I mean, granted you got no credibility when you're working on this station in the first place. But Jesus, Todd Drex, you are just, you just talk about a guy that lives up to his name. He is the worst. You can take fat boy and all the other ones, all the other Frank, all the other losers we've had even put them all together. And they're like a breath of fresh air compared to Todd Drex. He is as low as it goes. Anyway, we got 674 votes. They got off that 66-year-old fast. Other than the godfather, we could watch a zillion times. Every time it comes on cable, you got to watch it. You could just watch it almost every day and just never get tired of watching. If you're hooked, blazing settles, I say, with great to smay is leading 107. Right. That does the same thing raw with that movie, but I mean, it doesn't end. It does, and then 12 fishes number 273? No wonder that one guy doesn't want me to talk about movies. My taste in movies is so diametrically opposed to the masses out there. No wonder Josh don't like Magnolia or network. I like Magnolia. Where do you come up with him? He says that. And you said the ending sucks. Play alone. So that was me. Okay, yeah, the ending sucks. You didn't like the fuck. Why do I don't he Jericho when he dies in the end? I know. I know that. That's what I heard. You gave it to George. I know that. That's what I heard. You gave it to George. And he said he liked it so far. My cousin Vinnie 56. Now, let's see, did I see that? That sounds, oh, I know what that is. Isn't that like a gay, no, it's a Joe Pashley movie. It's actually funny. What's that gay, or the Italian wedding? Is that it? Something like that. Sorry. National land pool and vacation 52. Every movie now is. Yes, I don't get that. That's an animal house 49. Yeah, I mean, take take a look at those top five. Uh huh. This is our audience and you wonder why 90% of the calls are. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like that. This is how Florida for you, baby. This is what we're dealing with. This is the masses and their asses. Happy butt. Yes, it is. Lazy status 107, pulp fiction 73. My cousin Vinnie 56. National land pool and vacation 52. An animal house 49. You see any comments read there? I'm well called fiction. My cousin Vinnie is good, but it doesn't belong in the top five. I don't think. Then we got the greatest skate 39. Wizard of Oz 38. Don't he skipped over Glenn Gary. No, I did not. You did. You went crazy. Wizard of Oz 39. Glenn Gary Glenn Roger 38. Got it. I got it. I got it. Plains trains an automobile steam art in 37. You're fairie. Fargo has got. No, not just man. Of the National 29 Rocky Horror Picture Show 21. Keith 16. The life of Viand 15. Render of our dogs, which you insist I shouldn't watch 15. Joe Durk 13. West Side Story 10. The Hills of Relive Odettes of Sound of Music, Philadelphia of the Old Suck. Since the 99, let it ride nine. The Shawshank Redemption 6. Roger Rabbit 6. Rounders 5. Spartacus 2. Mighty Minority Report 2. An imaginary hero is which are correct to the spelling. Think of only 2. Be in one other queen. Since I'm at 87 votes on that. So you can add, I'm sure to that, other than the godfather, which is in League of Legends. How about a League of its own? It's under Vance Force movie. Wasn't it just it was about girls playing baseball? Was it really? Yeah, it's in the day of the favorite. Rosie Odette. Oh, oh. Excellent. At the 24 level of the day, and we got the pre-story, got gritski's wife, got mad dogs, wife, which we have no story about that. I'm not like everybody's so whipped up in the whole building about that. He'll tell you the story. It's got to do with his family. And he'll be hit sons and his lovely wife. And I don't think you've got any threatening first place. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. 2.8. Take the fair enough. And take the D. Welcome. Dad's on ourself. For something green. Oh, she's a North Pickle. She's digging down. Don't flick it at me. Her thing was wrong. My wife's trying to see the North Pickle. Again, he's looking into her. In the background, my wife's trying to see the North Pickle. For something green, her shoes were in here. The North Pickle. She's coming home and her beautiful from here. What she's talking about, we've got to fish me out. Check out her news. I barely see anyone. movies ever again, even the first time. In a main case, this is I couldn't blame you. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. You guys realize that you got a telephone ringing through your show coming out over the air? Really? Yeah, and it happens one of the ones too. Yeah, on your station. Yeah. And I was thanks in your air. We have a telephone ringing over the air right now. No right now, but it is definitely throughout your show. You think your engine news would pick that up? Are you thinking our engine news are missing the show? You must be dreaming. Well, I'm sorry about that now. So, this is a great to reality. It's very annoying. Yeah, okay. We'll work on it. Thank you. Thank you. It's creepy and so do you press. But what a sour push, huh? So we got some rain. He's trying to be helpful to us. And of course, he at least he's listening, which is where we can see for the engineering staff. And by the way, the engine news want us to know that the light bulb's nice forever. Do you know that? I do do. I'm going to Mr. Eagle, what it took kept in mind. Light bulb's nice forever. WDQA in, hello. So the poll two staples of a weekend for the die hard one and we weapon one. What was the second one? Die hard one and what? Or a lethal weapon? Oh, we weapon one. What else is on the machine? Somebody said some tweak pillow. Yeah. Five six and he's biting it right now. Five six and the pillow two five six seven five sixty. Okay, let me get to a speaker of that. That's a good segue for this story. Former New York City Police officer Dick Regan was recuperating from surgery at his upstate home last April. When it came across the news story about the sale of a Walter Miller state that once was a retirement home for Dominican nuns. Within minutes he was on the website of the reorder who handled a sale, viewing pictures that brought back horrific scenes from his childhood. Remember that movie that I had to see whatever it was. The one with Ed Norton. Oh, the primary primal fear. A building in one photo, trigger memories of the bedroom with the dark leather couch where he says a Catholic priest molested him when he was eight years old. He would come sit with me on the couch, final make kiss me on the stomach says region now 62. Remember, we can stomach and the excess is. Albinate. I'm a little hungry. I was on the weekend stomach. Another picture showed the chapel where Regan said the same priesthood problem and they wouldn't queue just moments after a music amenousin to the altar to say mass. He thought back to the overnight trips with the priest where he had assisted when molested in the priest bedroom he said and he thought of another sister who had been abused in seven incidents and who liked Dick and kept it a secret from the rest of their siblings. Over the following weeks on the advice of an advocate for victims of priest abuse, Regan shared his traumatic story with the rest of his siblings seeking their support and understanding. It was only then that the enormity of what had happened to the Regan's became clear, five of the families eight children said they'd been sexually abused by the Reverend Daniel Babis, a trusted friend who had been welcoming to the Regan's Howard V. Chome for much of the 50s and 60s. A priest abuse scandal rock Catholic Persians but a beat by the book but no they had to as nests were to be buried by news they could recall a single family with as many victims. Now, 35 years after the fact, the Regan children and their elderly mother are struggling with in front of the disturbing history that for so long was shrouded in secrecy even among themselves. The members have provoked wildly varying reactions in the siblings, fear that the old wounds once opened might never heal. Gealth had been not reporting the lives of the other years, they made it possible for Babis to molest the youngest siblings and a fierce determination to convert high church officials with their stories. Dick Regan revealed the family's allegations that a two New York Dicees were Babis served, Rockville said, and Brooklyn Queens. Just a little play on words I guess. And last month the family sued the Dicees of Rockville Center where it's basically a Murphy, it states a peeing court. A Dicees spokesman said they don't come and unpeending litigation of course that's always a good cop-up. Since the suit, others have approached the family's attorney and said they too were abused by Babis. It's a very long story. It's in a sunset, let's not our left side right now I'm sure, isn't that? Is. So we didn't weep. Let's see, airplane for the pollinatures, how it wants your plane, every all all the time as opposed to a blazing saddle. Yeah, I agree. I mean, is there any contest? Airplane's a thousand times funnier than blazing saddle. I mean, at pick any part of it, it's worse moment. In fact, what that was that bit we got, and I know I'm not looking at the right place. So here's that dial, Tom? Yeah, let's see. I know. Okay, let's see, Vince says, how about a little big man for the poll? Oh, okay, I like that I've only seen it once though. I guess I could do it. Well, you've ever watched it ever gave in. Yeah, I've on the last time, little big man. You can watch that and you're a little friend of the same time. Airplane. We got it. But we have that bit we're says there's a sale of pennies. What is right? I'm always called Titanic wait a minute. I'll find it. It's called. It's called Titanic roll week which will fit into the floor fee. In all three holes. And in boardroom six. It will slide into the floor. Wait, quick, quick, quick, quick. Vince, can we get on the way? Damn it. Get that finger out of your ear. You don't know what that finger has been. That's fine compartments in. It looks like a big tile and all. You can say it for the first four two apartments reach with most mine. If our wrist down, wait. It's not too fine. Just like I took your all week to put up a fetemix. The water will spill over the tops of the buckets. There's no stopping. Yeah, keep it. Jared, there's a fire in the barn. From this moment no matter what we do. Me, John, big three. Titanic will fall. I just want to tell you both the luck. We're all counting on you. I believe you may catch your headlines and stress. There's a seal at pennies. Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French bells. Waring this. Where did you get that dress? Awful and those shoes and that croak shoes. Oh yeah. And they're talking blazing cells. What is wrong with you people? Is anyway, man. Waving you QA and hello. QA and hello. Yes sir. Happy one day. And back to you. How about the day the other studs still served? Okay. For your fault. It's good. And that's it. Thank you. Day the other studs still. You got it? Got it. Blazing cells. Let me think they're probably inspired by the recent popularity of those um... Yeah, cowboy movies. Well don't worry because we just added caddy shocks. So I'm sure that'll rise right up to the top. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey. What? There's a couple better uh... need to be on the west. How about swing boy? Okay. And uh... Another one uh... Oh, casino. Why is that on there? I can watch both of those. We'll put him on right now for you. 10-4 back door. Star watch you right now. 10-4. Got you. You got him right? We got 5-6-7-0-5-6. Ha ha ha ha. What was that kind of talking about the film ring uh... during the show. What did he want to see talking about? See because if that were... If it was going on here we would hear it. Unless of course it was like from a phone line on any other room. If somebody was punching something up in there. Yeah, there it is again. See it? Hear that? You're a peering, sir. Yeah. It's like I bit that filled with that crazy woman. Remember that? Which one? Oh, you know the one where she kept saying she heard stuff on the air. And he said, oh there it is again. And he would, whatever the hell he was doing. Yeah, you said of a bitch. Oh, and that was it. That is exactly it. Boy, you got a memory of his son. See there it is again. And he just... Yeah. That was great. That was back when he was a really Italian. By the way Kevin Vax said that since he was syndicated to show sucks and that he sold out to the right wing. I had a pretty good chat with Kevin. He said he was a big group. He had to show at least. At least amazingly they heard old which has to be like poison. But at least they're right in the piece about that 30th anniversary. Third and then. Three weeks from today. Mark that down. Three weeks from the Albeaz sick that day. Right. In fact, I got a scratchy throat right now. I'm thinking between now and then. Well, stop scratching it. I am scratching feverishly. Am I throat too. Blazing stables one away. Boy, that's sad. The May 732 votes. We got a pretty good shot of a thousand in a day. What do we have 1,200 during the show yesterday, 1200 and some? Boy, that is scary. I know that Alan Brown is just a ping in his pants over that. The pre that... What's we kicked the rash last week? We actually showed the world that we got. This is where the audiences, including all of them, hortles thing right now. And the fact that all those jackass comments on there. 95, even though my name wasn't listed on that pool, 95% and more about the... They are good. Positive, negative, indifference, whatever. But nevertheless, how do you like that? How was it even named on the pool? And then Greg Co. Texas is a comment about, well, Neil and his audience hijacked our pool in a turn-all weird at all. Stop what they had in mind. Well, two freaking bad jackass. Somebody to QAM, hello. It's a high-dly boy, it's a high-dly boy. WQAM, hello. Hey, about Scarface. No, okay. About... About... Do it. Yeah. Don't you know who that was? No. Yeah, you know what I do, but I'm pretending I don't. WQAM, hello. Although Scarface can go on there, it's over here. WQAM, hello. So we know radio? For the appell? Yes, sir. 10,000 fingers of Dr. T. 10,000 of what of who? Dr. Sue's movie? 10,000. Yeah. And I actually saw that movie, but boy, I don't want to hear about it. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Um, but then it's safe. I forgot? Yeah. Yeah, I forgot, Chris. Yeah. Cool man. I had it right here. Alright, I've already... Okay. Fine, see if I have an old file. I realize it's a very tough question. Put on your thinking, James. We don't want to put too much pressure on you. It's the only the LA middle of February. Not even that. I'll let's say short months. So keep that in mind. As you're working on your good material to read that anniversary date March 1, but that's going to be that. That'll be our eyes of March 1. That'll really be something. Torino. It sounds so small. It's the only two ring. It sounds, I don't know. Dun, who do I want to go to two ring? So let's try it in history. Torino sounds like Nakakabroni. And uh, like somebody can't alone in, huh? That sounds like something you eat. And produce and you're capable of it all at other gracious stuff. Uh, would like to read an insisticely, Sichilia. If they had the Olympics in Sicily, would they say, oh, uh, Sichilia? Would they say a question? Sichilia is a, you know, it's a region of salt or like in the Palermo Sichilia. Would they say Palermo Sichilia? Would they say that? No. This is what happens when you got going and running in BC News. Come to QA and hello. Oh. Yes, sir. Oh, man. Like this. Some people wait a lifetime. Oh, man. Like this. How many QAM? Hello. Yes. Help. Mike from pop and up. Hey, Mike. I don't know everything else. Pretty good. What do you got? Good. How about a Roger Rabbit? It's on there. It's got six code. Oh, thank you very much. Yeah. Have a good day. And you two. How about Roger Rabbit? I could just watch that. Oh, what are going to go until they have cap catches a rabbit and rips into smithereens? And choose it. We put both of them into microwave for lunch. Roger Rabbit. What? Now what was the reason I haven't come up with that guy's name from Paxon. Roger? See, I did a hard work. I came out of the first name out of the blue. Roger Corman. Roger. Roger. It'll tell to me. You see, they said they instantly too. We're going to get a little later waiting now. You got some better names? It says, coming to America, any Murphy's best work today. Never gets sick of it. Coming to America, never seen it. You've seen it. Yeah, I saw it. It was fine. But yeah, it was no airplane, though. Certainly wasn't his best work. See, let me say the question again. The question is, not what is the great. I mean, we've done those as many times as quite frankly, really ponders. The greatest movie of all time, your favorite movie of all, well, although this might, favorite might overlap with us. I don't know. Other than Godfather, a movie you could watch is in intense. And it'll be very honest with you, even movies that were some of my favorites. There's just no reason to seem again. You know what I mean? Like, frankly, in for Dream, I'm sure I'll watch it again someday, and I have watched it several times, but yeah, I don't have any need to see it again any time soon, follow. Right? So that isn't necessarily. And that's the question. A movie you could watch virtually every day and every guitar at it. Right? That's why I'm imagining it here, because I like it. It's good. It's better what you said. No, you said you liked it, but you didn't say that you didn't want to see it. There's some little flaming a ferry, whatever you said. I didn't. I don't want to watch it. I was at the 80s, but I was flaming a little ferry, and I believe I think you're imagining these things. I think you're hallucinating. Right. I think you've got flaming ferries on your mind. There's a pattern with the roles that he plays in. What's that? Oh, it's not in other words, it's not him in the movie. It's just that he doesn't act or anything. I'll hurt you. Have I ever seen him? Yeah. No, he had the clock. And I read the lead, and he's not a pretty boy. By the way, don't care what you say. A male a herge is not a pretty boy. Believe me. He's interesting. Okay. Okay. You know, the difference between pretty and interesting? Sure. And then of course, there's always pretty interesting. Right? 1057 at 5, 60, WQM, hit. This is the Neil Roger, so. This is your buddy. Any questions? Who's the monkey? That's more fun than a very little human. I had to go through my surgery that night. He never says a word. Well, I've got my instant intent of a first, um, uh, is curious, George. George. And George W. Bush. That's the world's most famous monkey. Is coming to theaters. My greatest responsibility is present. Welcome to the world of curious George. Praise you all the time. Yep. What am I going to do with you? I don't know. It's 1102 at 560 WQM. That's right. Stand up in a plot. George, they're repeating it. And it's standing up there in a plot. Jimmy Carter in the Joseph Lowery and all those other. For a bit. Then they're right on target, by the way. I'll speak to the Chinese and the what a great friends of ours. They are because we're only interested in democratic governments. And we're saying we're so much. We're not going to see all around the world. That's why there are most favorite. Right. And our county think I was like in Chinese. The deputy, deputy editor of a Chinese newspaper died of liver and kidney failure. After he was severely beaten by police and rage by reports in his newspaper about their work. So if it's not cartoon, it's some article that somebody didn't like. Wu Shang Hu. Deputy editor of the Taihu, even he news was 41. He's dead. Fellow journalist that is newspaper and his video confirmed his death. But refuse to say anything more because of a news black out imposed by senior officials. And keep in mind, Google says, oh, we have no problem with your like censoring the internet. Whatever you will, we just want to money. His wife, hu Jing, wah. And previously spoken about her husband's pride in his profession. One commentator said such violence is increasingly common in China and journalists are often beaten up at the be-hester police government, but deaths are very rare. Otherwise they usually like beat him up lightly. I said. Mr. Wu was beaten up in October after a report about our reasonable charges associated with the painting, driver licenses. He was asked to wish away public apology, but refused. Soon afterwards, about 50 police stormed his office, beat the crap out of him and took him to the police station. The official Shinwa News Agency said that Mr. Wu's liver had been damaged in the beating. He had liver transplant on January 24th, but last week he died. The Oprah could help him. Yeah, that's right. Two people heard about it on the Oprah show just a time. The saving from a wicked death. That's very at least he could have got three foot helper monkey. Let's say he put dumb and dumb around list, frogheader says a dumb and dumb are we did. You know, this list of movies that we've got, I don't know what to say. I'm so sorry that we did this pool. I was starting to feel just a little bit better about life in general, and then all of a sudden we did this. Whose idea was this? Anyway, I don't know. Mine. Let's play the shot. Mine. No, this was not one of the shots. This is my idea. And I was thinking about it because I watched the imaginary heroes two nights ago, almost the whole. But, you know, I came across it, upon it, and it was like coming into it. And then the saw watched it all rest. And then it was just fine, even though I know how it ends in a whole deal. Right. 560, 50560, you've pound five 60 in the Verizon, singular wireless, don't let me forget the article by Christopher Hitchens. I will also, I got a little bit more important. I'm bigger part. I got it on a post to write in front of me. Oh, Christopher Hitchens, it is Hitchens not Hitchens, right? What do I say? No, I'm wondering because I really don't know. Hitchens, isn't it? Hitchens you were lagging into the picture, which you most started away, whatever. Several times. And also, major story studies finds low-fat diet, won't stop cancer or heart disease, doctorate gene or an issue ought to be in jail, and to think that our good friend, Delight Dr. Bob, took all of that crap. Oh, that low-carb stuff, it or that's out now, right? Going to reason it's out is because people reading low-carb plus all the high-carb. You know, that's not the way it works. And believe me, I'm as gullies anybody of that. That's, it's not going to work if you do that. In fact, I would say that the low-carb diet of any other, it's great if you stay to it. But if you start messing around, you'll gain the weight back so fast, more than any other. So it's fine if you tend to undo it and you want to stay alive, and all of those things. But there's low-fat crap. How many times have I told you? Dietary fat doesn't kill you. It doesn't make you fat. Okay, it's a bad word. It's like Torino. It's the wrong word. No, no, it is. It's the wrong word. But about Torino. How about schmutz? I mean, can't they call us something else besides fat? Because they're immediately conjures up the image. Oh, fat like chicken fat, you know, like fat around your perfect. It's not there. That's not what it means. Like what's wrong with it? I say, slab of sloth of bacon. I'm having some pork head on him this morning. That's not going to make me fat. That hog and I's ice cream that will do with every time. That will do with every time that damn banana nut. Oh, Jesus, I want to sue their ass. Well, you are the, I am. And more ways than one. W2AM, hello. Leo. Yes, sir. That one's for the poll. Okay. Office day. What is it? Office day. Office day. Just another stupid dumb movie. But he in office. Office day. Office day. Office. Space. That's good. That's funny. Okay, I'll take you word for it. A face that office face. Yeah, he's sometimes you get off your face. Office space office space. And you seen him. Yep. I'm so sorry for you. Wow, it's a good movie. Is it good? It's a really funny nut and wrong word at all. Very funny movie. Funny than candy shack? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How do you then blazing saddles? Yeah. Oh, get it on there, right away, then. I've never seen him. That was in it. Uh, I don't know if I could name them by name. You know any of the stars names? Nobody that you've ever heard of. I'm sure. The only person I know by name is Jennifer Anderson. Oh, Jennifer, Aniston, is in it. Well, that's good. I forgot you. We like it already. She ain't what's funny. W2QAM, hello. Hey, you doing? My short film movie is sort of like a manure kind of sewer, but I like to write a kid. I can't stop watching it every time. I'm a little grasshopper. I can't help it. It's fun. Bad, that really old, it's not really old. What's it, Rhea? What's his name? It's me. The art has been read. Pammer read it just died. A little Chinese guy. I mean, if you want to just find a Chinese girl in. Oh, he's good. Oh, okay. Good. Good. You're going to kill his ass. So the Chinese read that call. They're going to come and beat the crap out of you. They'll beat you up lightly though. Pammer read it. What I call him? A Rayman Zurich. That's right. That's right. I win in the wrong door. But then again, does said, back though, it wouldn't be the first time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 10, if I sound like a little incoherentist because I'm like, right, and I've got it looked. If I can say that, I'm not going to get this. I'll be right on the edge. I mean, the throat thing, or you get right to the edge of a cold and a sore throat, but I'm not going to get it. How do I know that? Well, because it has happened to me many times. About turn to me. I mean, you know what? It's either going to like a sprout or it's not going to sprout. Right, like in Brussels or Torino. How many QAAM? Hello. Yes, sir. It's Andy Alparquine. What about Platoon? What about it? Is it a movie? A little bit of a depressing moment. What that? I said, have a great day. Platoon, get that on there. They put it on there. Yeah, whatever you want on there, we're asking you what you want to watch every day over and over eight million times. That's not us. This is we think that blazing settles is amusing, but not, I just, I can't relate to it. And of course, Paul fiction's number two. So it's obviously my taste is way, way out there. You know, way on a limb, as always. I mean, my movies on the bottom, imaginary heroes, so they'll put a tender standard on the bottom. Yeah. Kind of like Tommy Cruz. Hey, Tommy. You're fairies. I say, let's get a series of cartoons that he paints all the Scientologists in the closet. Like I've parked it, only like in cartoon form. Yeah. It starts distributing all over Hollywood. Start with the bitch, Kruci Alley. Oh, probably even. Now she, I mean, you know, it's like, I'm sending fat boy out to sell the representor radio station. I mean, would you want to send her, have her represent anything that you're doing? No, she is just so grotesque. And in this, a pig, just a real pig. Now, a real pig too, but I'm not on television. Thank God. Here is a facts. Oh, I know I'm not going to want to read this from out of our chronic facts. He's about the Ted Kennedy, we're there. The loudest went to this, uh, by Jimmy Carter. Uh, okay. I didn't just go through all of that. I took about 20 seconds into that. Yeah. I about the fact that Carter and Joseph Laurie and they all in the Jackson and then I before Jesse, and they rip Oceanized and they can stand in a location. Yeah, I went through all of that, okay? Daniel, so just give it a rest. What about Daniel, my old man, John? What do you want to put that on there, too? Tell him a movie. Was it? No. Never saw it. WQAM, hello. The good to bat in the ugly. Yeah. That's what we were made. Okay. We're the men in the ugly, and we're growing growing growing, but what a great soundtrack. Yeah. That is. No. Oh, we had it. What said they called that? They mowed the door, the something like that. No, no. The mowed the door in the, uh, mowed the mowed, mowed the, it's called mowed the, uh, a jelly in it. There's a, like that. Oh, right. This is the real, right. Oh, it's like a mowed on here. That. I thought you found the mowed door, uh, I don't have a handy. I don't even know what I was. Let me see if I can find it. There it is. There you go. Didn't take that long. There's this little pace. There's only me. So, now that was the, he will mention Negro. Wasn't it that, that, that, that music? Did the score for the, did go a month and a row. Very good. Yeah. Right. The good to bat in the end growing ground. That sounds all big. PES tests, facts, let's see. Yesterday, now all of a sudden, becoming chronic. As a child, there were two movies. I saw over and over. Mary Poppins, because I couldn't get over, thinking maybe I'd get a black on Brell and be able to fly. And I'm sure that this person probably can by now. And the second movie was the exorcist. Oh, that's a good one. How can we put that on there? Boy, boy, I heard that. That comes down. I watched it. That's fun. And the only one I recall watching a few times the original dirty, hairy. So you feel a lucky punk? Hmm. dirty hairy. And the exorcist. What's going on? I'm going to put Mary Poppins on there. Huh? Why don't you? You want to put Mary Poppins on there? I'll never saw it. You've got to wish it to vod's on there too, which I just, whatever saw the sound of music either. These people are confusing them. They don't understand it, which of course is nothing new. I don't think I see that Julie Andrew. Why would anybody see the wish of the vod's over and over and over and over? Why don't want to see it again? Well, what's there to see again? So to hear something like great music. Like what? Follow the yellow bit, road. Yeah. Yeah, that kind of stuff. Too much of that, I totally out in John. Did I just say that, I mean, you're going to go at the yellow road graph again. Blazing Saddles 114. Movie other than the godfather's, which of course will win just just beat this, not out any of these. A movie could have watched it at any time. Blazing Saddles 114. Poppiction 83. Animal House 65. My cousin Vinnie 61, National Anthem vacation 55. The greatest game 42 was at of Oz 42. How sad. Plains trains an automobiles 41. Then Gary Glenn Ross. Too few fairy. 38. Fargo 35. The natural's god. Not third man. I see more sad. Rocky Horror Picture showed 25. Gittle will bring a lot of fruit and produce. Life of Ryan 21, heat 17. A Shawshank Redemption 16. What if Jason Blan's boss was in that right now? Reservoir dog 15. Joe Dirt 13. Candy Shack and Sin City and West Side Story 11 apiece. Let it ride 9. Airplane 8. Roger Rabbit 7. Dumb and double. Five. Also five for rounders. Four for casino. The lead of your stood still three. Die hard three. Minority report three. Office faces got too already. Office face. I told you it's great. Never heard it. Come in to America too. You're not eating now, are you? I am. Scarface 2. Spartacus 2. Imaginary Heroes 2. Platoon 1. One for a little big man. None yet for the extra sister. Good to bat in the old Rogers. The karate kids sling blade. Our lethal weapon out of 805. 805. 1114. Got all those numbers? Good. Because we're going to be taking a real serious quiz. And the winner gets a date. Date with Mad Dog's family and then the slamer and Detroit. For the wife? Now don't start. See there you go. You're the one who has driven his kids again and bring back the memories of how they used to just. I would be when they were like, they were just little kids then okay. I like the routine. Just tearing up the UPI machine and just out of control. Out of control man. Hey attention man. Come on, come on, they're so cute. Well I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know his true. He's my nephew too. Will not daddy is my uncle Joe Mother. His mother is my dear I flow weed. His very plate you see. My first business meet. You're one of your little kids. You're the best in your way. And Italians matter. And guess what? This fact is the eye that was sending all the pins and the aspects yesterday. You're still an idiot. That's why it says eyes. Sorry no surgery. Only did the score. And I didn't do the score. He was the director. Okay. I'm going to break the news here. Mr. expert. Mr. Ayyamami. You made him a signal. It's probably from my micro. He's not on the stage. 11 we get passes like that. Yeah. Yeah. He was giving me a lecture about a Hugo Montenegro. It was a big hits matter. If I could. If you look at up. Schmidt. I've got my designs. I've got my designs. I've arrived here. They both say Hugo Montenegro. Right. Did all of our tons of square anyway. So he directed him. Surgeola. Right. He's a director. He didn't do the score. It says he did the score. Yes. What? He did. So a gargle with iodine. There you go. There's Hugo Montenegro. I got the movie version. I've got the single radio version. And they both say Hugo Montenegro. Of course. I mean, is that a debate? I'm not going to take it. I've got a table. If I don't want to add. We're not looking for no props for pops. He'll blow on or he'll broot to a ill-cathema. In my in the toino. 5 6 7 0 5 6 0. Everyone thing. The Italian always so much small to you. Tudino. I mean, who wants to run? Turin sounds like dull. Like I'm sure it is there. It's way up there in northern Italy. It's way up in the house. Turin's don't go there. Nobody goes there. It's like, why the hell the the only reason that they had the winner will impress. There is because it's up in the house. I think I like good skiing and stuff. And ice. And it's frigid. Like a lot of those Italian women. That would hurt. No trust me. WQ. I am hello. Pain. How are you doing? Okay. I thought you would talk about you. Road to score, which was any or more a coding. So that you go on today. Go to the new way. Well, Mark Coney. No, no, any or any or any or what a coding. You wrote all those scores for all those. In a video and we called the lie. Take it out. I'm serious. But that's how what I was talking about. I said, who? I know. Like the human. Guys, you probably serve you only only. That's pretty funny. Yeah, you were. You were. He's in one spot at the time in America too. Did he read that's right. He was the one at the end of the movie. He gave us all that crap about well, maybe it maybe we just did the dream trip. Who knows, you know. Yeah, he was serious, but he was real crazy. Well, thank God for that. Thanks, Palli. Okay, what are you saying? We go below. Right. Rate, uh, trotting driver for middlely. It's got his own website, you know. I'm sure you probably want to check that out. I acted the show. Yeah, I'll go there right now. Wayne Gredsky, who's got the food today? I bet you it's, uh, how is. Yes. See, I know it. I can tell by the sound of you. It's very sharp. I can smell it. Yeah, I can smell it. I can feel it. In fact, I'm scared of you like a little, uh, you're starting to squirm around my chair. I'll let honor that article. You read them having two kinds of pork. Really? Wayne Gredsky's wife. I once had about Ariel Surrom. I was Ariel doing it by the way. Anyway, we're talking about fashion week with design and small collections on CNN. On MSNBC, they must be hot. They're trying to get about something besides Ariel Surrom. What are they talking about? Well, they're in commercial right now. So nobody knows from Ariel Surrom. No more. We're supposed to analyze no questions. Okay. Don't you ask Wayne Gredsky's wife. If you know that Janet Jones, the actress, said the blonde, he's still pretty good about 100 years ago. I know her well. Who married him for, uh, obviously not his appearance or uh, his, uh, money. Wayne Gredsky's wife and about a half dozen NHL players placed bets, but not a hockey with a nationwide sports gambling ring financed by Phoenix Howd is Assistant Coach Rick Tockett, authority said yesterday. And of course, hey, did call her, Rick Toshay. And I would do one night. I was in a car. I'd go to the track and I just about the plus. The three. The three is the first one in the other corner. The other corner. The other one. The three is the number of stars. The number of stars. Sounds like Joe Bohn is like losing his voice, too. He's probably a little under the weather. He's got a little something. The first one. Anyway, we all start with a hockey talk. But nevertheless, this is about hockey. It's about gambling. Remember what Hank said there? And he's right. Mm-hmm. Gredsky, hockey's greatest player. It says, you know, who, and this is sports illustrate. He's down hockey's greatest player. He never was and never will be. And that's crap. He could lick Bobby or his butt. We're at a little girl, wasn't he? Oh, yeah. Happy butt. Gredsky is in his first season coaching the kayotes in his part on or the team. Actress 5 Janet Jones was among those implicated two on first unofficial told the AMP. Speaking on condition of anonymity, because no better has been publicized identified. Asked about her involvement. Gredsky laughed and asked, oh, really? I don't know. He had to ask her that. Ha-ha. That's what he did. He went just like that. Like that. In fact, maybe it is Greg Readam a season of what life was like. That's really what it been good. Same place, Kurt, or Rick, point days. See, that's a new jersey man. I got all your people in there now. Happy Rick, point days said, investigation of the new jersey based ring discovered the processing of more than a thousand wagers exceeding $1.7 million on professional and college sports mostly football and basketball. I mean, who wants to bet on a hockey anyway? Especially in the US, say. The developments came at a sensitive time for the NIH obviously trying to win fans back after that season long lockout and just days before many of its best plays will showcase their town that the Turing Olympics it says here, doesn't say Turingo. It says the Turing Olympics, how do you like that? Like I said, S.I.M. and I got their finger right on it. Taka was certainly the criminal complaint Monday was expected travel from his Arizona home to answer charges of promoting gambling, money laundering and conspiracy for when they said. A criminal complaint informs Taka to the 30s intention to formally charge him and lead from to arrange the travel to New Jersey for formal charging or face arrest. It's not a hockey related issue. It's a football thing and at this time I can't come in a further talk it said after the Cowdy's practice yesterday. Gratsky said, Taka will be on the bench for last night's home gaming in Chicago and be business as usual. I wonder who won their game? You know? Blackhawk's are the archives. Oh, three once you're cargo. But that's really bad. I'd say they must have been under a lot of stress because the blackhawk slues every game and right there in Phoenix to beat the archives. Three to one, that's bad. Everyone of the NYCF asked, I found that. That was great. That was good. I thought, I got my hockey score, Tana. I got it all here, man. I got my finger by some right on it. This business about being out of touch. I'm like, uh, you know, it's been the last finger that I got. That was a fantastic contract. I'm trying to get out. That was a good one. To this cut the Leaf game in an hour from my 9-4-1 win over Atlanta, pants are shot out, uh, watched in five-thuff and last night. How about that sin kid, huh? A rigged, don't a big stimulus about him. Anyway, uh, every one of the world is innocent until proven guilty. Griske said he's a great guy and a good friend. He's just going through a tough time now, obviously. And we've got to let it run its course. Talk at it now is that in Jersey, state trooper rested and connection with a gambling ring cases is friend. Talk at city with cooperate with the investigation. We ought to say that the vests of talk is kind of in no way involved betting on a hockey and it tells deputy commissioner Bill Bailey, who's almost as dumb as very bitman said. And while betting on football, rather sports may be the pervasive issue, it in no way justifies poor judgment, rather wise lives in appropriate conduct. The NIHL's canofy is own in fertile investigation. So have no fear because Bill Bailey is here. Remember that song? What you come home, Bill Bailey? You remember, Ben Daley? Huh? What you were with that? That was Jack Bailey from a Vernon Downs. I want to watch the game again because at least one again. Ah, wow, what a save, huh? Impressed by that? That's... Anyway, I got to get to those very important articles. Also the article about how a Carl Roe is like counting heads on the sentence in his year, coming in and they're putting a lot of pressure on everyone. Those Republicans because if they lose that, they got a real tourist baby. They got a real tourist and embarrassment. If even his own party says like our late inspector is saying, hey, guess what? You're a violate in the law. Because that could certainly lead to like impeachment and speechma, young Sam? What he said? I said, let's go for it. Do it. Lacing saddles continuously in the fact that is just talk about infernal let's just is infuriating. It's so outrageous. Other than Godfather, movie could watch it trillion times, 846 votes. We'll get that thousand so easy. You hear that fall ringing in the back by the way? No, but I could arrange it. Lacing saddles, what 18, Paul fiction 87, and a mural how 66, my cousin Vinnie 64, National Anthem vacation 56, and widget of ours 44. Now of that group, of that group, let's see, my cousin Vinnie, I don't think I saw. I've seen all the other ones, and I don't and National Anthem vacation is funny, but I've seen it 40 times already. Sure. Of that first six, there's not one I want to see again. Not one. In fact, I'll fix them so I start the first two or three times. I tried watching the whole all the way through. Yeah, and then I started scraping at me and I was off my five. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516AZ. Oh, I'm done. And our nation has begun today. Having some of them down the prison farm. Oh, my God. Oh, you're friends away. We'll back you all, we'll be back. And then you're right through on the farm. When you think of all the benefit you're getting, life will be sweeter when you press your feet or carry a life and to be deadly. Come on, enjoy today. Thank You God cooking! How's it going? A, 1132, 20, until noon at QAM, we got a guilty of two o'clock. We apologize for that mad dog at four with some wild stories about his wife and kids in Detroit, getting busted. Anyo, what a colony. Is that Maddie Cohn? Macaroni. Anyo Maddie Cohni. Why do we care about this? I was a guy and I was just a fat boy. No, but pretend to be idiot. And standing composed, you're especially known for his film Scores. He has composed the Scores in more than 500 films in TV series, although only 30 of those are for Western films. It's for this work and that he's best known. Moda Cohni's first-style composition for the genre is, especially exemplified, by the soundtrack of Big Classics for any Westerns, the good, the bad, and the arraggers. I want to pop a time in the West. In more recent years, his hunting scores for the... Oh, wait a minute, he did it once a pound of time in the West. Do he also do it once a pound of time in America? I don't know. No, it's surgery. Directed once a pound of time in America. No, edd what's the point of the West. In more recent years, his hunting scores for the mission, the untouchables, and cinema paradise, so that was a great movie. And demonstrate his effectiveness and the power of his work. Didn't see the mission. You see your sentiment for a diesel? Yeah, I did a lot of urine. Okay, now here's a little trivia for you. Who asked for a whistle on his own record? Love letters in the sand. Records, 19th or late or nine. I don't know. Pad boom. He was the whistle over the whistling part. No, I'd better look that up. And you better get with it, man. 560560, pound 560, the Verizon SIGTER. I don't have that. Huh? You don't have love letters in the sand by Pad boom? No, I got moody river and speed and you can do this. No, we sure don't want to hear neither of them. Okay, here's line nine, which we might give a shot. One, so there's nobody on it. That's probably a big improvement or what was there. Not our favorite line. Jax likes that line, because he gets a few ducks off it. How many QAN? Hello. I think I got one for you, Paul. Yes, sir. What about P4 the wall? Okay. If you like P4, I guess you want to see them as soon, right? I want to see them in the movie. Okay. I'll take your word for it. 560560, my one of anybody wants to see that over and over again. What was it? Like you said, if you like the music. It was movie. And the music. Oh, I got another one. If we're going to do that, I'll give you another one. Okay. Sure. What about standing in the shadows of Motown? Is that trap liver, huh? I'll take Motown, A.D. over your pink Floyd, Mr. Pink sounds awfully gay to me. Let's put something really good, Sean. You like the pump brothers and Ben Harper. Let's call it a scrap. That's all. Get in the bus and go to Harper Woods and get our wife female. Right now. I think like that. I think you have a good two-layer fan. You're actually tougher, has to. It's a simple one. It's up to me, 6th and 7th. I don't know where it's just seems. Here it is. Now it's just giving it a touch. It's coming up in the camera. It's not just going. Damn it. Damn it. Now it's really good. Towns, all the best. Now that the camera's still looking for some shooting. You're going to go to the second. Back to the camera. They can't even look at it. Can't shoot it. You're going to get it from there. Can't you see? I can't see. I have to get the question. Can I hear the rest of the game or what? Oh, yeah. That's crazy. And it's somebody says, well, I just want to see the second goal. I mean, leaves lose almost every day. So the fact they want to gain. I want to see it over and over and over again. What's wrong with that? Smoke in the band. It says Steve. When I get home the first day and we're going to do his punch for Mama and the mouse. It's a jacky. He's leasing. Steve. Smoke in the band. OK. You want to see that even the first time? I saw it the theater the first time. You saw it in the theater with Bert Reynolds in the... The time deluis 13 years old or 14. Yeah. Can I tell you? OK. So there's smoke in the band to put that thing on there. OK. Carl Roe County heads on the Senate Judiciary Committee. The White House has been twisting arms to ensure that no Republican member votes against President Bush and the Senate Judiciary Committee's investigation of the administration's unauthorized wire tapping. Congressional sources said that the deputy chief of staff Carl Roe has threatened to blacklist any Republican votes against the president. The sources said the blacklist would mean they'll halt the Senate. The Senate has been a political or financial support of senators running for reelection in November. It's hardball all the way a senior GOP and graduate lead said. The source has said the administration's bitter lard over the damage that could result from the Senate hearings with began on Monday. They said that the effects have even a handful of Republican committee members could result made determination that the president violated the 1978-4 in Tugd and Surveillance Act such a determination could lead to impeachment proceeding. Over the last few weeks, Mr. Roe has been calling in virtually every Republican on the Senate committee as well as the leadership in Congress. The source has said Mr. Roe's message has been that a vote against Mr. Bush would destroy GOP prospects and congressional elections as far. Roe resigning them up one by one another congressional source said. Mr. Roe has lead in the White House campaign to help the GOP and the Congressional elections. The source has said the White House has offered to help loyalists with money and proposals such as appearances in photo-offs with the or president. Those deemed disloyal to Mr. Roe put a peer on his blacklist. The source has said dozens of GOP members in the House and Senate are on that list. So far only a handful of GOP senators have questioned Mr. Roe's tactics. Some have raised doubts about Mr. Roe's strategy of painting the Democrats of Opposite Mortar Surveillance as being dismissal of the third posed by Al-Qaeda terrorists. Well, I don't like what Mr. Roe said because it frames terrorism and everything that goes with it. Whether it's the renewal of the Patriot Act for the NSA, where it's happening. Political contacts have passed over Nebraska Republican Chuck Hagle. He's going to get himself blacklisted pretty soon. If he don't watch his piece and cues, he's always out there in the limit. Chuck Hagle. He's not who's stepping in line. Now I'm not too happy about that. And then Arlin's spectrum man, all of a sudden that cancer might just come back real fast. Like it did in Jack Ruby if he don't watch his piece and cues. Maybe that's why he got relieved. And that could be it. I mean, that's why his hair started growing back again. Or maybe he went to see Chuck Al-Fierre, what a clean conscience I'll do. 567 now, let's see. We got those two on his whole cartoon crack, which like I said, it's a bunch of crap. It's all orchestrated. The Christopher Hitchin's article is probably the best thing I've ever read on the year. And the saddest part is that we don't have 20 million people listening. That's the sad part. All this crowd is reading newspaper out of the air. That's right. I'm reading because you're not because you're busy watching blazing saddles over and over and over again. And the Wizard of Oz is a VILLS. He's Neil Roger. VILLS is 567. A DECO. Jack at the day. And now, the show, let's see anodot to those liberal media distortions of our government. It's the West Texas win. Ah, fellow Americans, I've come before you tonight to explain what. It's okay for me to easy drop on your telephone conversations. You see, I don't want to listen to the calls of suspected out-cutter terrorists. I'd never listen to the calls of good honest God-fearing patriotic Americans. Oh, oh, by the way, if Vitty do walk from Pueblo, Colorado is watching tonight. Your husband's cheating on you with your sister. And that nice guy who gets moved in across the street. He ain't divorced. He's gay. But there's nothing wrong with that. You know, unless he's a cowboy, come back next time. For a fair and balanced, come cashless. You can show me the view of our government in action. Only on the West Texas win. 17-Galuda, QAM, two Miami-based TV reporters and two cameraman were injured and briefly jailed by the Hemi-In Police. I'll cover in the intention of Cuban migrants on the island, Mon. You ready for that? Okay. Manual Vallejo, a reporter with WLTV, unifist you on at 23, so stay to cut to his head yesterday with tweeted a local house for received seven stitches and released back in Miami today, so zero-herald. cameraman as followed the Warte. Also channel 23 was arrested along with telemundo channel 51 report of Alberto Tobaras and cameraman Lazaro Albrejo. The men were eventually released as unfair father of a criminal was returned. Well, it's one thing if they don't give you back your equipment and tell it to you. Emilia Mavaro, channel 23's new director said Vallejo and Tua Arteba in Nassau covering the plight of seven Cubans, rest you last week from a deserted Bihemi-In Island. On Tuesday, the cruise outside the Carmichael detention center, where the group was being detained. They were there to cover a reunion between the migrants and the Miami relatives who flew down. We don't know what happened, but things got out of hand. On the air, Vallejo said the scuffle began as he was on his cell phone, the station vacuum, Miami reported that O'Breyah was being arrested. If the Hemi-In Island has a grab, him and Sander, he had against a parked car, his split his head above his eyebrow, Mareo said. The Cuban migrants had complained to the way they hold that the guards have been mistreating them when they arrived. It sounds almost like that episode in China, you know? Very much. Thank God, we got freedom of the press all around the world, and people can report the truth. Like for example in cartoons. I'm going to take my time and read these very carefully, because like I said, I'm right on the edge of a cold experience. You ever have a cold experience? No. Like what? Like said, everybody's in a lukewarm experience. The car tune, this is by Thomas Lufsen, and the website, this is from is realcarepolitics.com. The car tune crisis, which has left embassies of blaze and sparked riots from Bay Route to Bangkok in Jakarta, was a set-up job tied to an executed by a group of muslim leaders from Denmark in concert with the leading lights of the Islamic world. They conspired as used to pre-learn inflammatory phony cartoons never published in the Danish newspaper, Olin's Posten, to jinn up a campaign to violence and intimidation against Denmark, the EEU and the West. The instantaneous availability of Danish flags for burning and obscure outpost to the muslim world suggests a great deal of advanced planning. I don't you have a bunch of Danish flags laying around there? I'll just some data, just some data. Though it's involved in taking a formal hold and sitting in farway Denmark, you're making it into a crisis, running the streets of Bay Route Bangkok in Jakarta, among other muslims I would post include, Arab league secretary, Amir Musa, Grand Imam of Al-Hazarmash Sheikh Muhammad Sayyid Tantawi, and soon it is on its most influential scholar, Yusuf Al-Kardawi, Kendo Lorenzo Vadino of the Couteterism blog. These are very heavy hitters in the Uma, the world with their community of muslims. Two questions raised themselves about this crisis manufactured by the Huzhu of the world in Islam. Why was the time created and put into effect and why now? The answer of the second question is likely found in the need to whip up muslim unity in the face of the, of several severe challenges to the world's political agenda. As Richard Veren notes, the New Hamask government, the Palestinian territories, needs to continue on life support by occasion fusions from the European Union and other donor nations, including the U.S. Fear and chasing have usually worked one lock with resources in sympathy in the past, so why not now? Meanwhile, Iran is facing potentially serious consequences from the referral of its nuclear program, to the UN Security Council, not so much an impossible military attack on said facilities. Syria and its clients in Lebanon also face ongoing pressure and consequences from the assassination of former Lebanese president, Prime Minister Hurri, at such a time anti-Western anger serves the United Fractor Assunian Shiite Elements of the Uma, and made the infantile more cautious about the Uma Muslim street, in case they plan on the actual use of force, ready of the compulsion. Those answers to question to alone may seem to be sufficient to generate an answer to question one, but there are longer term, far more important strategic goals being advanced, matters beyond the immediate tactical considerations of hardball geopolitics, no matter how serious these immediate concerns may be. President Putin's repeatedly made the argument that we must work with and strengthen the forces of moderate Islam to combat those who have hijacked a great religion, although it's far too impolite for any politically-doodled myth that real terms of the struggle we face are as follows. A subset of the world's 1.4 billion or so Muslims wants to destroy freedom of religion and impose your real law on all humanity. The global caliphate is the name for this ideal slate toward which they strive and for which many will happily sacrifice their lives. Even the smallest and our estimates, number these acts, this reasonably labeled Islam of fascists, but existing virtually throughout the almost 1400 years of Islam in the millions. Ever since Muslim conquerors wrote out of Arabia and the century following Muhammad's death, Islam has sought to spread the true faith throughout the world. The injunction to force the rest of humanity, it's used between conversion and death or, demoted dude is not merely a matter of saving souls, the power of driving Christian evangelism or compaction for fellow men, trapped in suffering, the mode of driving Buddhist outreach. Islam is dictated by a scripture, it's not merely a matter of personal faith, it's also a political system forever and changeable based on the Quran and Hadith whatever that is. Hadith? Two, a much larger subset of the Umalacs, deep commitment to establishing a global caliphate, and watches for signals to guidance, behavior toward each other and other faiths, most Muslims like other human beings just want to get along and take care of their families in their lives. For them, whatever political and religious system has power where they live is the one they'll follow, however, gradually or enthusiastically their circumstances and values may incline them to do. Three, there is abundant scripture and tradition sanctioning the use of extreme violence against those who in any way are seen to deny macro and salt may have it in Islam or any of their teachings. Four, the only way that Islam or fascism can be defeated in the world's Muslims and how many with other faiths is today's interconnected world is for questions of faith to be discussed without fear. Fundamental questions need to be debated among Muslims without the use of violence against unbelievers and those Muslims who dare question any scriptural teachings. The rest of us must be permitted to express opinions as well. Muslim immigrant and Dutch member of Parliament, Hercie Ali, who now is living a hiding under death threats, makes the point convincingly. A free discussion of Islam remains rare and dangerous certainly in Islamic world and even are politically correct times in the West. A positive sea is still punishable by long prison sins as an even death in many Islamic countries such as Pakistan and Iran. You cannot liberalize Islam without criticizing the prophet and the Quran. You cannot redecorate a house without entering inside. Those who seek to same goal as the Islamophacist, the global brain of Islamism is the unchallenged religion of humanity, understand Hercie Ali's point very well. For them it is essential that ordinary members of the Uman never see fundamental questions raised and never start raising them on their own. For most degrees of individual autonomy are graded on spiritual questions and the right to question make up on their mind becomes established. The top down pattern of divinely sanction authority inherently idea global caliphate collapses. Moderate Muslims by definition are people recognize some limits on scriptural injunction to spread the faith by violence. Questioning religious injunctions from others and deciding for one self the best answers is the only way such moderation will spread in the Uma. Remember that song Papa Uma? I don't know. What a hear it? By seeking to establish a global norm a custom in force by social sanction, not law, that should we re-re-restriction cell apply even in non-Muslim lands. The Islamophacist are engaging in prophylaxis, preventing the disease of free discussion and debate over topics they wish to control exclusively from ever gaining traction and possibly spreading to their own constituency. There is quite understandable of caring sensitive listeners seek to avoid offending the religious sensibilities of any serious believers Muslims included such empathy is normally a highly commendable impulse. But, exceeding the demand that those most willing to use violence be allowed to control the discussion and stifle debate among infertals that Muslims alike is a betrayal not only the moderate Muslims, but of all those who hoped somebody to live in peace with Islam that grants legitimacy to religious descent and to the claims of other faiths. He liked that. He saw a lot of the human rights. I can call it a strange spending. Yeah, a strange spending. Yeah, that's why we're here with all the making permanent those tax cuts for the rich, all his big buddies. Yeah, some people call you my, what was it? What was it? And then the Fahrenheit 9-11. Some people call you my constituency, I call you my base. Yeah, my base. Now the article by Christopher Hitchens, which I think is going to take too long. Isn't it? No, no. What do you mean by that? Not only too long to read, I just don't understand it off my side. I cut it off in midstream. There's no worse than starting something really good and I cut it off in midstream. I'm sorry for the rest of the day then. Oh boy. 5-6-7056. He was wide open here for all these silly ass movies you bought to put on here. And we'll be could have watched his million times other than the godfather. We don't know no godfather. 9-08. That's kind of great. It's better than Newton. We've got over 9-100. How much even Josh is in a coma? I'm with up man. No, you're in a coma. You're not listening to these. This stuff I'm reading. You're eating lunch. No, I'm done with lunch. You don't care about network. You don't care about Islam. You don't care about these cartoons. All these people are getting killed because of the fact that they dare to publish it, which they didn't publish the cartoon in the first place. It's just a pack of lies. An admission to which the cartoons that they did, where back in September, here it is, almost in the middle of February. Then that's fine. It's almost as strange as all these people in the hinterlands have an easy Danish flag to start burning. Huh? Swamping to reach in the cupboard and pull out a nice cheese Danish. It's another thing to reach in a closet and pull out a Danish flag. Or a Danish flag. It works there are so many. I've never had less than you never been to Copenhagen. I've got some neat 7-11's here. And then we got that little, I can't even think of what that amusement park is. What's it called? That little hands-Christian Anderson, like the miniature Disney world. It's really crap. Oh, it's a good guy. It's a little touch point. Don't do that. I have to go there. It's like for a little few. What do you might like? You're a little guy. Kind of fine-looking. You might like it there. Typically, gardens. It sucks. Like a miniature. But the food there is very good. They have good restaurants. Copenhagen's okay. It's kind of boring now. You almost said so in some other ways. I thought were you like go to a tarino. Oh yeah, I got big plants. Tudy, you know, go see it when it Olympics. Corrine. Tortolino in tarino. You're sitting there in a tarino in a tarino. And you can take Mr. Manzini with you if you need dead yet. That's what it has to be like. There you go. And wash off your... And then you can go to the K-way. Hello. Anyhow, too, for the fan, man. Yeah? Okay, how about Grand Valley, Grand Valley? Son, there, man. And how about three, three? You've got to help me, man. You know what that's for, right? I see your life and I'm gonna end you with a stomach. I've never seen it, but I've seen that clip. It's the multi-estalicum. Oh, the multi-stalicum. Oh, the multi-stalicum. I'd say it's... Or if he's a grandma. Casablanca. I'm not sure. I don't know. Is it Rick? Could the Casablanca guy? Or did I have a thought? Well, I did about 100 years ago. And I would not have to know Humphrey Bogar movies. What about the K-9 mutiny? Sure, I watched it again the other day. See, there you go. Let's get that on there. The K-9 mutiny. Let's spell it right, okay. Ah, who cares? K-9 mutiny. K-9 mutiny on the counter. Got it, Josh? He got it. No wonder they don't want to pin. 5, 6, 7. I got a really exciting story about that new age... Since we're so movie intensively again, we go through these cycles where we come. Extremely movie intensive. Right? HD DVD is coming. Yeah. And right, I told you that to achieve this moment. I wouldn't say I'd be out next month. And I'm going to be one of the first ones on my block together. When the minute that comes in, I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. Yeah. Just because you're working for free for a QAM. Did you ever get that deal straight now? Does it just not recognize that you're still not wanting to be? The deal is a pending. It's pending. It's pending. As we like to say. It's an easy-to-hand. It's pending. Well, that sounds obvious. You updated it as a normal stall in your office. They're just stalling. You know, this is their famous routine. They do this all the time. Well, one good thing to know is they've joined the Baker of probably bringing another feast again very soon. That will probably, that's right. Right on there. We're going to talk about it. Graham, because these guys were just raving about how great the pizza was and the garlic rolls, which are as big as Kimberlke, who's fist and just soft and garlicy and delicious. I was sweating garlic the whole rest of the time. John Baker, he's been around a long time. It's like I used to go in North Miami on Dixie Highway years ago. That's how long John the Baker's been around in town for like a zillion years. He was the 95, 96-binist man of the year in North Miami is a better fact. And now he's got two locations for you with his fantastic Italian goodies. You've got one in Pembroke Pines at 1,2592 Pines Boulevard and a new location just open on Sterling Road at Pine Island Cooper City at 8835 Sterling Road. The food is fantastic. The prices are low even walking are like a slab or in a taxi to whatever you like. We're talking down home at Tad in favorite cyclosonia. Chicken Parmesan, veal and peppers can alone the oversized hot and cold subs and that famous. I can't wait to travel and these you'll have to send it up to me in a box. The famous sloppy sausage sub. That's not somebody eatin' one of those. Really? What is sloppy? Oh yeah. And how about their sausage? And of course you can't see enough about the fantastic pizza and like I said everything it's on the Bakers is called fresh and at low unbeatable prices too. So you can take the whole family for a feast all the time. And pepper pies for a takeout call 954-431-4315. That's 12592 Pines Boulevard and a Cooper City call 954-252091. You'll find John the Bakery at 8835 Sterling Road on the corner of Sterling in Pine Island. Cooper City just isn't getting any better than John the Bakery. I get tongue-tags just thinking about it and I guarantee you'll definitely bring in some goodies. Might be soon. This is Neil Roger. Doctor's Fair with this is 5662A6. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M. And now another verse of sub-levelity poetry. Once an icon in sitting on top gorn is the magic for the king of pop, his name now causes the public to blanch. And so does the sound of neverland ranch. He's bad for kids like Booze and tobacco. What a year it was for Wacco, Jacko. His small little green Peter Van costume hanging up at a book in his master bedroom. He'd read to children in P.J.s of SILP while offering the miners cookies and milk. But that too is over its time to abort otherwise they'll drag him back into courts. He's backed all his toys and moved overseas. He's fucked up his squirmal and little tights, teens. But still Michael Plains he did nothing wrong as he sets up a game of Donkey Kong. His lip shake and quiver his colon spastic. His face looks as if it was made from plastic. He plays hide and seek and rides his unicycle. The strangest male alive's first name is Michael. This has been another verse of sub-levelity poetry. And right in line with that before I get to your buddy of Christopher Hitchin's award, nearly we can't stand. And it's 10 in pre-stirons of musical labels. First-lising and religious songs to the FTA or Monday. That Michael Jackson could be one of several artists to sing on a CD of Pope John Paul II's prayers. How would it cost you that the project is only a small idea that has yet to be run by the Vatican for a proof of the hand of run-of-own by a committee. See if the swishguard approve it. The label, it is your own musicality, it's so millennial. See I'm only reading the story because I want to say that. The label, it is your own musicality, it's your millennial. Very nice. I do my attending, really. I have no idea what it is. Something about music edition of Third Damality. Third so, I don't know what. Has in past years introduced CDs to famous actors resetting poems, composed by the late Pontiff. Now the Reverend Josephie Muscati, sent his considering producing a CD in which singers perform songs to lyrics to on from 24 prayers, penned by John Paul. They probably got a recorded in Torino. It's only a hope an idea Muscati said in telephone. The beauty stress that the recording label will have to buy the rights from Ilvata and the label will have to be a great idea. We still have to have a voice this to the Vatican Muscati. It's a pity that any production would have to be sure we're expected the greatness of John Paul. Yeah, your mama. I'm not sure it was a snappy dress. Not only do I have the question for Hitchin's article, but guess what else? This one's too long for me to read. Not's not. I'm going to read it. Ted Roll. I love Ted Roll. I love Ted Roll. I love Ted Roll. The bland leading the blind, the nanny press and the cartoon controversy. That's Ted Roll's column. You're wondering today, I don't know, as a cartoonist of EGRATER here. We still have to propose this to the Vatican. The pre-submise of the history of the context of his had been quite about Jackson's participation, but said we haven't met him or heard from him. Jackson's spokeswoman, Rhin Ramon K. Bayons, said that about a year ago, Jackson was contacted by the Vatican to work on some music, because he was in trial at the time. We was able to focus on it. Focus is focused. He's trying to get his focus. The pop star, but a beat by the boop, we know that, Vatican officials said there aren't where any context with Michael Michael, but they sure would like to share. I don't think they're talking about music. Okay, let's see what movies you got. Here's one from about D.D. Gravyline. Yeah, they're wrong, but let's keep it. Oh, you'll get a music. Jim and Tom B. Chobbius, they need some very serious ass systems. You had talked about Graveline a few weeks ago. I think this is the same guy as cigar Dave. Now, cigar Dave's name is Dave Zephylwood. It's okay he has nothing to do with the reason. If I'm correct, he's another one of those right-wing Nazi bastards. I was listening on WI and Z-Cerval 70s ago, and his cigar show came on. No, that's not the Davy Gravyline at all, though. And immediately, we began participating for the Bush crime family other Nazis. He talked a little about cigars. Then we went back preaching the right-wing balshment. That was enough for me. First of all, when I heard of my WI, we thought he was a avol in hearing him again, and for my assessment, I'm not sure if you're aware of this, so I thought I'd pass this along. Now, I'm moving to guess in this, the longest yard of the original. Jim, well, listen to since 87. Well, let's y'all throw up this time for old-sake, to a short-world time safe. But get your David Gravyline straight enough. And I'm sure David will be very missed and upset to be confused with cigar Dave Zephylwood. Who you're right is a real avol, believe you're me. So let me ask you something. So, where's the Davy Gravyline? I don't know. Thank you, God. I'm sure he's still doing that syndicated to deal with his. He came out. Okay, thanks. Merry to Chiqui, young kids. Neal started to be chronic, but Mike and Melbourne, they could leave the silence to the land. How could they leave it off the pool? I've watched it several times, but I don't think they'd see it again. Do you? No. I ate this liver with some fervomines. And then I was... And I was... I never know where you ever see him and mowed together same guy. By the way, can you play Lyme in the Coke, but I like to limit him to Pepsi better? It took to Lyme, I don't know what's that called. It took to... It took to... It took to... It took to... It took to... It took to... It took to... It took to Lyme in the Coke. It took to... It took to Lyme in the Coke. It took to Lyme in the Coke. I don't know. That's what it's called. I'm not called either one of Lyme or something. They put... Maybe it's called Pepsi... Uh huh? Most Pepsi friends, toast. You're gonna have to fight out from a chicken neck. I don't know what it's called. I'll play it. I'm thumbing through them here. Okay, come through it. Here, I read this yesterday and again, I... I think I should read it every day. Because this... This echoes exactly where a lot of us are coming from. Okay, a lot of us who got a brain larger than... Uh... A... A... A... A... A... A... A... A... A... A... B... Here... A... ...The sound... ...The sound... It's amazing. Paragha is in nature for kids like you private, a festival mostly is for kids, who have beaten over parents for times and  Gay's... the first amendment to be represented by such an administration. What does he mean unacceptable? That it should be forbidden? And how a business model is spokesman can have distinguished between criticism of a belief system and slander against the people? However, the illiterate McCormick is right and unintentionally comparing racist levels to religious faith. How many people have put it out that the Arab and Muslim Presence's Replete would anti-Jewish caricature offer the most lured and hateful kind, in one way the comparison is hopelessly and exact? These file items, mostly appear in countries where the state decides what is public-grubroadcast. However, when Muslims republished the protocols of the elders of Zion, or perpetuate the story of the Jewish blood sacrifice had passed over, they're recycling the fantasies of the Russian Orthodox Christian secret police, and centuries of Roman Catholic and Lutheran propaganda. And when an Israeli politician refers to Palestinians as snakes or pigs or monkeys, it is near to a certainty that he'll be a rabbi, most usually rabbi, or Vedia, you also believeably disgraceful Shast party, and will cite Talmudica 30 for his racism. For most of human history, religion and bicketry have been two sides of the same coin and its skills shows. Therefore there was a strong case for saying that the Danish newspaper islands post and those have repeated its efforts out of solidarity, are affirming the right to criticize not merely Islam or religion in general, and the Bush administration has no business at all expressing an opinion on that. If it has anything to say, it's constantly a life to uphold the right and no more. It can be sure that the relevant European newspapers have also printed their share of cartoons, making fun of nuns and poops, and Messianic Israelis settlers and taunting child-rapping priests. There was a time when this would not have been possible, but those taboos have been broken. Which is what taboos are for. Islam makes very large claims for itself, and its art there's a prejudice against representative human format all. The prohibition on picturing the prophet which was only another meal mammal is apparently absolute. So is the prohibition on pork, or alcohol, or in some of Muslim societies, music redancing, dining, dancing, furry well then, let a good Muslim understand rigorously for all of these. But if he claims it right to make me abstain as well, he offers the clearest possible warning and proof of an aggressive intent. This current uneasy coexistence is only an interlude he seems to say. For the moment all I can do his claim of his as absolute truth and demand absolute immunity from criticism, but in the future you'll do what I say and you'll do it in pain of death. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice which just happens I'd chance to find offensive. By the way, has the word offensive really become offensive lately? The innate human revulsion against this equation is much older than any monotheism, its most powerful expression is in the integrity of softly. If the law is to civilization, I'm not asking for the right to slaughter a pig in a synagogue, or a mosque, or to believe myself on a holy book, but I won't be told I can't eat pork, and I will not respect those who burn books on a regular basis. I two F-crunk convictions and beliefs in value the Enlightenment above any presiber sacred fetish object it's revolving to me to breathe the same air as lofts from the exhalation to the madrasas or the weaking fumes of the suicide murders or the sermons of Billy Graham and Joseph Ratsinger. But these same principles of mine also prevent me from wreaking random violence on a nearest church or kidnapping a Muslim at random and whole random or holy of homstage or violating diplomatic community by attacking the embassy or the envoys of even the most despotic Islamic state or making a moronic spectacle of myself threatening blood and fire to far away individuals who may have hurt my feelings. The babyish rumor fueled tantrums that erupt all the time, especially in Islamic worlds show yet again, that faith belongs to the spoil and selfish childhood of our species. As it happens, the cartoons themselves are not very brilliant or very more than either, but if Muslims don't want their alleged prophet identified with barbaric act of adolescent fantasies, they should say publicly that random murder for virgins is not an illegitimate religion. And here one runs up against the curation reluctance. In fact, sooning Muslim leaders can't even seem to condemn the blowing up of Shiite mosque and funeral possessions, which even I would describe a sacralage. Of course, there are many millions of Muslims who do worry about this, and another reason for condemning the idiots at foggy bottom is there are some changes in many ways that the first lens of our bansine is actually the genuine voice of the people. There's an insult to Islam if you like. The question of our fences, and this is easy to decide. First, suppose that we all agree to come, come, port ourselves in order to avoid offending the believers. How can we ever be sure that we'd take enough precautions? On Saturday, I appeared on CNN, which was so terrified of reprisal that it pixelated the very cartoons that viewers needed to see. And this ignoble fear in Atlanta, Georgia arose because of an illustration in the small Scandinavian newspaper, which nobody ever heard before. It is easy not clear that those who are determined to be offended will discover a provocation somewhere. We can't possibly adjust enough to place the fanatics and it's degrading to make the attempt. Second, an important enough to be insisted upon, can the discussion be carried out without the threat of violence or the automatic resort to it? When Solomon Rushley published a satanic verses in 1988, he did so in the hope of forwarding a discussion that was already opening in the Muslim world between extreme, tyrannical literalists and those who hope that the test could be interpreted. We know what his own reward was, and we sometimes forget that the thought world was directed not just against him, but against all those involved in his publication, which led to the murder of the book's Japanese translator and the near deaths of another translator, one publisher. I went on cross-fired, one pointed to bait some spokesman for outrage's faith, and said that we on our side would happily debate the property of using holy rith for literary and artistic purposes, but that we would not exchange a word until the first on the other side of the podium had put away his gun. The medicine Muslim big mouth on the other side refused to force where state sponsored subordinate of a sands nation, it was of course backed up by the Catholic bigot-patpy cannon. The same point holds for international relations. There could be no negotiation under the rise, so under the threat of blackmail in the sands nation, and civil society means that free expression comes to the emotions of anyone to free expression might be inconvenient. It's the person to have to restate these obvious precepts, and it's positively outrageous that the administration said, if discarded them, if the very first sign of a fight. I think we ought to read that like every hour. I love it. I think you ought to read it, read it better and I can. I will put it up, it's fumbling and bubbling. I want to read it. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Why say Josh? Oh, right. I'll forget, sister Mary Madez just said, no, we'll give it a load on. I want everyone to help me. A real story is there, but his wife and kid get into a scuffle and vetoed a bar, because some punk made some of the rocket were coming about Mrs. Mad Dog. And as a result, her son came to immediately to her rescue or whatever, and in Sudha, a scene. And they got hold off to the Who's going. They're out and fine. Everything's okay. But you can't find anything about it. Although everybody in the building was type of lady in parents was like, that's this morning. You notice that? Or does it all nervous? He's he. I didn't see his target all the time. He's the most irritating human being on a face. There's nobody even close, you know? Always fishing around fishing around. Are you upset? And if I say, no, he then how come you're not upset? Aren't you pissed off about something? No, well, well, why not? Well, what if I do this? I'm in there. And then of course, when he told me about these light bulbs last forever, I'm a board here, that was that was a revelation speaking to religion. That was very, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, didn't know. I never knew that they made light bulbs at last a lifetime. Did you? No, I'm going to call out to him. He'd be excited to know that. 12 13. There's the thing about the low-fat dive, if it's a pile of crap. Okay? Do not believe anything that Dean Orgis tells you, it's all a bunch of, that's it. Hey, if you're an adent and job, this is no crap. You've got a chance to get out of that adent and get you a real life. If you're new years resolution is a high paying career, then do something about it right now. Pick up that phone and call our friends at fast train right now at 1-86-fast train. Look at you, trainer, ready for a new high-pank career. Just a few short months. That's correct. And just a few short months, you can turn it around in your life, too. The main permittical coding specialist and computer for professionals right now is at an all-time high. And fast train offers convenient day, evening, and weekend classes. Job placement assistance financially for people who qualify. So pick up that phone right now and call fast train at 866-fast train. There's absolutely no obligation. Like I said, that's a loop. Fast train is placed over 100 people just like you in 2005. So check them out on the web at fast train.com and act right now to get you a new high-pank career because classes are filled up fast. Get out of that dead end job and get you a real big fat paycheck and the life that goes along with having some cash and real freedom. Call 1-86-fast train and tell them that the anxious Todd Drec told you to call. This is Neil Rogers. This is a tube to Mike mentioned my name to write my sugar. Now On youratan- a Oh shit the spaceship, the sir, the Golden ist, your spirit is perfect Bang on Oh make a genio into improving an auch GRINT and you can still buy music all over the world The It's the 2018 and 5. So you see let's play the real one now, what is it? Okay, it'll write it to a five as soon as the guilty gets on Do that ring there fool ringing in the back? Oh, I know it's hell That was that guy talking about I always know 10 roll rights The bland leading the blind the nanny press in the cartoon controversy Of course it was a provocation in September the editor of a white wing Danish newspaper The sudden test cartoonists to see if they were self-sensoring their work out a fear of violence from Islamic radicals Though some declined 12 artists accepted the editors invitation to make a letter to the prophet by Hammond and submitted working quitting Islam with terrorism and the impression of women among other things Five months later editor Fleming rose his learned that cartoonists have good reason to watch what they draw Thousands of demonstrators furious at the publications violation of an Islamic search your banning graphic depictions of the prophet March to the streets of Cairo, Karachi is done bull tear ran and Afghanistan where least five people were killed by police Come and took over the European Union office in Gaza Mobbed-burned Danish flags and called for a Muslim boycott of Danish goods Iran withdrew its ambassador from Copenhagen Dane's ordered a fleet lab at on after miles burned the Danish consulates in Damascus in Beirut Where they also tried to increase their neighborhood The Danish cartoonists have been threatened with beheading Our presumably catching up on their salmon russly while they weather the storm Adding fuel to the fire said the times her group of Denmark's fundamentalist Muslim clerics who took their show on the road last fall Traveling around the middle showing your package that included cartoons that had actually never appeared in any newspaper Some depicting Mohammed as a pedophile a pig or engaged in vc allergy What I said bc allergy newspapers in France Germany and elsewhere further friend the flames by reprinting the Danish drawings Being provoked as I tell myself out of the signal to Sean Hannity doesn't justify reacting with violence And his co-edient orloosecuit of someia al-doya whatever his name is pointed out to time magazine There are better reasons to torch embassies than over cartoons America kills thousands of Muslims and he loses your head and withdraw ambassadors over a bunch of cartoons printed in the second rate newspaper in order Country with the population of five million and that's the true outrage As the only syndicated political cartoonists who also writes a syndicated column by living depends on freedom of the press I can't decide who's a bigger threat than the deluded Islamists who hope to impose should be allowed on Western democracies or the right wing class as civilization crusaders Waving the banner or free speech the same post who call for the censorship and even murder of anti bush cartoonists here as This seems to join the post-9 level Muslims suck media pylon Most reasonable people reject both I didn't read that very well excuse me only post-9 level Muslims suck media pylon most reasonable people reject both beneath or is as dangerous The liberty is America's self-sensoring newspaper editors and broadcast producers CNN is chosen not to show the Danish Mohammed cartoons out of respect for Islam said the news channel We always wait to value of the journalists to get impacted against the impact that Publication might have as far as insulting or hurting certain groups said editor of these sentences go chronicle The cartoons didn't meet our long-held standards for not moving offensive contents of the AP Volschmitz has said raw If these cowards are worried about defending their faithful they wouldn't cover a quote such Muslim Bashes is encoder Christopher Hitchens or George W. Bush The truth is our national nanny media is managed by cowards so terrified by the pro prospect of their office as being firebomb That they follow themselves censorship Precisely because they subvert free speech and from within their all-service and will also From moderation against sensationalism the gatekeepers are national nanny media are more dangerous to Western values than distant Mullahs and Kulas Neocons combined editors and producers decide not only was fit to print but also what's not flagged great coffins and body bags arriving from Iraq Photographs of Afghans civilians their bodies reduced to blobs of blood and protoplasm all purged from our national consciousness You might think it's news that the vice president tells us said it to go after yourself on the Senate floor But you'd be wrong only tortured round about descriptions like f-blank flank make news print This is a family newspaper any editor will say arguing for self censorship as if kids couldn't fill in the three letters in f-blank blank blank As if kids read the paper The nanny media even more produced since 911 covers our millions of eyes to protect us from our own achy deeds in Afghanistan in 2000 one while covering a war that officially killed 12 civilians I watched the colleague from a major television that were collated footage of a beef of the two bombing Inescribably oblitering acid with your neighborhood if people saw that bombing looks like you're on a ground He observed his body parts and burning houses screaming children fill the screen They would demand an end with which is why this will never air on American TV But other countries don't have our nanny media Europeans in Arab sea the horror week did our name on their air waves assume that we see the same imagery and hate us for not giving a damn America's self-sense is make anti-Americanism worse Ugly chutes come out one way or the other while the Muslim world was raging over the Danish My Hammond cartoons Washington Post cartoonist Tom Tools We see the chilling letter from the Joint Chiefs of Staff and we actually do a single tamar rendition of a quadruplegic veteran If not for the nanny media's lavish refusal to run photos of the real thing with that abstract image have shocked anyone and while we're at it Using pros to describe graphic images as editors in anchorman are doing about the Mohammed imagery Makes his much sense is talking about the rotten a keen police brutality video Describing the cartoons without showing them sees the read readable choice editorial as the New York Times a paper was readers Right to know apparently includes classified surveillance programs, but not cartoons Tools crossed the line from appropriate commentary to outright tastelessness complain the Joint Chiefs Similarly many Muslims say the 12 Danish cartoonists cross the line when they indulge in blasphemy of order of world's major religions U.S. State Department spokesman on array more Sean McCormick Hopefully tells us where the line is drawn Anti-Muslim images are as unacceptable as anti-Semitic images he said, but who can distinguish anti-Muslim images from acceptable Satire taste is subjective Right-wing time columnist Andrew Sullivan your fairy was repeatedly called for a censoring my work because it's critical of bush Calls the knees cartoons not arbitrarily offensive and that's acceptable free speech Lefty's on the other hand rally to get Russian involved fire from his give is a football commentator hypocrisy abounds everyone supports the free speech they agree with or sounds like I just said they yesterday Like gay county Which is why in the nation with a truly free media there is no line to help with an anti-media free speech is like a Ferrari What good is it if you don't use it or you're barely use it only driving in town or in stop and go traffic? It's useless until you can head out in the Arizona desert and push it past 150 miles an hour Short of libel slanted in personation anything goes that is if you really believe in the first amendment a lot of millions of people take offense what a some of the turn violent even murderous so what no one can make you angry You decide whether or not to become angry if you're enlisted gatekeepers worry about the mere possibility of prompting outrage They'll validate mob rule underbarn our right to a free press One that covers the controversial along with a bland While deciding what goes into the paper in the evening news good journalists ought to be guided by only one consideration Is it news if the answer is yes? Send it out even if it's all as tasteless as f-blank blank Post-griped a European muscle website is post to the cartoon depicting Anne Frank and bed with a doll fiddler If it is time to break taboo isn't across all the red lines the side explains we certainly don't want to fall behind It's an idiot a cartoon breaking taboo is on the other hand is something our nanny media ought to try effort Your buddy Ted wrong go tag politics for the very weak reading, but nevertheless I just just whipped it out and the story too 26 past noon a QA and let's take an update on this very ad depressing movie pool. I am depressed I mean, hey, of course we're asking your opinion. We know a lot of your tastes sucks. And now it's a way close While you're like those fracking movie. Yeah, right? Right like you know Requiem for a dream and Magnoia that was really faggy. What I was that What's the guys name again? Okay laughing right? already jealous no No, no, it's Henry Gibson. Oh, yeah, you're right. God. Oh, anyone remind of her name association Thurman Gibson. Yeah, you say Thurman Lensen Other than brother movie could watch his million times without 1982 man and next Comments will over a thousand and the red coat takes that a right a big front page to any heard about it Lacing Saddles 125 pump fiction 95 oh that may and these man just kills me only going would do something like that Animal house 74 you know that's another thing I was thinking about yesterday Yeah, I'll be stupid as dietary laws that were made thousands of years ago and you want to know why most of those laws were made Of course because there was no reason for duration. There was no refrigeration Okay Has nothing to do with like god or in the southern book. Oh, just because some people realize that and you don't have the Jews see the Jews stopped eating pork because they thought it made them look like that Because it gave them tricky noses. I see the zoning and it didn't help is that way you have clothing hooves? Yeah Uh animal house 74 that's why Sammy Davis because he was a ho-free had it turned Jewish What do I say? Lacing Saddles 125 pump fiction 95 animal house 74 my cousin Vinnie 69 National and pull vacation 58 the greatest skateboardy five which is of Oz 45 planes trains automobiles 43 Glenn Derry Glen Ross 39 you're fairie Fargo 38 the natural 34 Patty Shack 29 Shawshang 28 Rocky horror picture show 26 airplane 22 life of by and 22 equally amusing Heat 19 reservoir dog 15 West Side story 14 Joe dirt 12 Sin City 11 dumb and number 10 the good to bat in the Dan Drucken brought nine Let it ride nine office space eight casino seven the Navy Earth stood still seven Roger rabbit seven. You know the reason that I say a Dan Drucken brought yeah because when I was I was here that 68 the good to bat in the early That one year I was the general manager, but also did a radio show in Kalamazoo and so the guy I figure what his name on a year was I'm WKZO which is our competitor and We're playing music and a good about the air. It was a big hit so he plays it one night and he says the good to bat in the arangers So when I came on and played at the next time I said the good to bat and Dan Drucken brought which is his real name But of course, no way supposed to know that 67 whatever was Roger rabbit seven rounders seven coming to America six Diehard says little big man full Smoking to band of three pink Floyd and the wall three the excess is three Spartacus three minority reports read a came you need to standing the shadows of Otaun's got a pair imaginary heroes has to one for Patoon the karate kid sling blade and lethal weapon and sounds of the lines in longest yard so far I've got the big This is a new 16 I think in television since I was 19 years old and I have never been in this position I don't do it as you may have heard Excuse me, hello? Yes, yeah, this is Kevin calling in on your show from New York and I wanted to tell you that I've lied to you I know we've been together for several years, but I'm actually married to somebody else. Oh, no, I'm really sorry But I gotta go Oh my god over I write you two unbelievable. I know Of all people you think you could trust your gynecologist why would you lie? Oprah your man. Oh, no, I'm so sorry And you should take your prostate check out the red 33 don't hurry Oprah will survive somehow 27 before one Here's a fact of Laurie and Baltimore who says please have and she says good afternoon uncle Neil George and Josh Thank you, Laurie Please have Lord of the Rings to you pull I've watched it so many times my husband Quincy's many first years the music come up and I make me watch it Of stairs says Laurie and Baltimore ps Let's you feel sorry for me also makes me listen to your show with headphones every day. So hi, do a Laurie and Mr. Laurie And Baltimore Okay, hi, there's a fact that it's so disturbing It says Neil will want to see this and they're right so I packed it right along Well when I first saw that well, what I hope I care about this, but I see this and don't let me talk Forgive talking to the Humphor about this in a morning. Okay on our cross dress to ten o'clock Bristol Connecticut some of the worst news in the history of television football and the US culture Former quarterback Joe Thaisman who is marginal at best Washington Post column is Tony Cornhord and Mike Toreco will be the broadcast group from Monday night football Next season that they long running as the long running show shift the SPF may we see Now my I obviously quite good who's gonna be to do in the play by play As I continue reading this maybe we will find out because it doesn't sound to me like there's any play by play guy in that among those three Sounds like the dolphin games across the street again until and a chance right Maybe it'll be more the one hey He's free the move leaves our Michael's free the switch to NBC which takes over something I game next season to ESPN John Madden Michael's broadcast fat partner for last four seasons agreed in June with six year contract six year contract with NBC What are these people gonna do? Dying the booth John Madden might not last that long. Jesus God six year contract Michael's just turned 87 and Madden I think is over the century mark. I don't know. Tell somewhere in Holland to build. Yeah, that's where they're hanging out No, no, at a new conference in July Michael said he would remain with Monday night football when it switched to ESPN He was to be paired with Fizeman who had broadcast sending our games on the SPN with Mike Patrick and Paul McGuire a trio from hell Mike Green all I wonder if he's given the Bobby Green the junkie from call her Something I was just thinking about Bobby Green the other day and I haven't thought about Bobby Green I'm being used to bringing a lot of long shots now a ghostly that's got to be my psychic power right Right because here's Mike Green which I or he will replace Michael says they'll need NBA play by playing out So on ABC espionate he'll be joined by former NBA coach Ubbe Brown hired as an analyst in December 2004 Fizeman was about the beep above it In addition working for the post cornheiser as co-hosted pardon the eruption of the espionate since September 2000 Michael Wilson will bore whatever his name is Wilson will bond will bond another post right bad the copy Times has been a sports center host for ESPN and handle a Tereko what I say this is a very bad copy Handle play by play for the last orange bull. Oh don't tell me Mike Tereko's gonna be doing a play by play oh Make sure to for you returns for her third season his money that football sideline reporter and Susie Colber was at his second sideline reporter And she's gonna work naked this season to see if maybe that might help If a few more boobs might tune in because most of the games are boring is dog poop So Mike Tereko is gonna be doing a play by play on Monday night football How it co-cell is turning over in his grave Can you believe that That's I'm gonna worst swel you ever heard in your life. Yeah, he's pretty pretty dull dull and then Team with Tony Cornhors got to say no business being there in the first place and the hunchest Notre Dame alumni alumnus Joe Thizeman. You see I I don't think Joe Thizeman's that bad really He's he's not that bad if he's kept in his place. He's mediocre. He's okay He's tolerable he's certainly much better than you know who you're quarterback's daddy Phil Sims Well, but he laughed about you know what I'm saying is true. I know Don't like it when Hank tells me that he likes Phil Sims everything Hank definitely slew some way. Oh, speak on that. What a segue Well, there's your girlfriend and also with my second power's what are they I haven't played in the long time These are the version of huh yeah Girlfriend, but you know again with freedom of the press comes comes responsibility right leave is there To be a quivocatin and palpitane and beatin around your old bush. Oh, sorry bunch of crap Other way responsibility yes, I was gonna ask you when you when you wanted to read that spot The end of spot whatever you ready you missed Oh, you know something that was only by accident, but there may have been okay. Isn't that interesting? Yeah, that is interesting Really bizarre. Yeah, wow So my mind is being taken over by a higher power See when would well, let's get higher We'd like to inquisitive speeds the latest features and security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up What year downloading music watching streaming video playing online games? Just surfing your favorite sites Comcast reliable fast connections means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of these Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to feet features like the fan video mail Comcast wrapped in the radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few Not only that but you get macophysicuity tools included so you can rest assured that you're not expenses always safe and secure So what you'd be waiting for start doing more quicker than ever sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months. You'll wonder how you ever lived without it in date call 305 Comcast and of course in 9.54 Comcast So that could be just time of finishing the full before we go to the next break Well, that was really a break. That was just an isolated incident Is not correct right That was very strange and what was completely Accidental or my bad right well, I don't believe mine Okay, I got to about what I get to blazing cells 126 where did I get to on this? Or did I read them all I didn't read them all Plane screens and I will be else 44 going very glad roster 9 far go 39 star shank 33 Candy shack is God Rocky or picture show 27 airplane 23 should be much higher than that life or Brian 22 should be much higher than that I mean these people think blazing status is plenty of the airplane and like a Brian Oh, yeah mama P19 Reservoir dogs 15 been sitting there 15 for about 20 years West Side story 14 Joe dirt 14 Scarface 13 is called in by the unshiss one since city 12 the good Bad and the dan drunken brook 10 office face 10. I heard it's great Dumb and Dumber 10 let it ride 9 casino 7 today the earth stood still 7 Roger rabbit 7 Rounder 7 coming to America 6 die hard 6 little big man 4 smoking the band of three. That's just downright silly Pink for the wall three the emphasis three Spartacus three fact when I think of this excesses always think of smokey in the banded Oh, yeah minority report three two for the K9 mutiny standing the shadows of Motown Sling blade imaginary heroes one for order the ring sounds to the land's got one platoon god one karate keep got so mental You know lethal weapon got one none for good fellows were the longest year. I didn't know we put we got a thousand 12 votes by the way I know it put good fellows on there Yeah, we just did stuff it belongs on there when it comes on I didn't really especially was that oh, yeah right in there They're the nice coats for coats right in there That's my favorite Yeah 19 till one if 16 WQM I've been telling you by pride concepts for a long time and I want you to take advantage right now drive concepts Maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount on all of dry concepts services including their one of a kind Copper cleaning leather drapey and oriental rug cleaning Red concepts also specialize in petoda treatments to ram your talent ground cleaning Macris being mistaken by those dust mites and lots more and during this month during the month of February Dry concepts as a special offer way nine on a post-recleaning door placed a filter just because it's soil Let dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture just affection to cost a replacement of re-appulstering all of the Technicians a dry concept right especially trained and certified so you're getting the best possible service anywhere And dry concepts they always give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work No BS no scams no people by those imitators you made a big investment with decorating your home now It's time to protect that investment called dry concepts today like I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes and day barred in the palm beaches column toll free 1 800 248 5071 don't forget February specialists on a post-recleaning gonna save you a lot of cash and get your house looking like brand new 1 800 248 507 one around the wicked web just log on to dry concepts dot com This is new This is 5 16 New The scene can be seen as a huge a nationwide alert the C T D C For tone deaths control is dealing with an epidemic of historic proportions as the result of a American I know recommended treatment for the eradication of this problem is put That's not an acronym literally Picks if you're near a tone death singer say 10 4's up At a busy yet accepted In a From the candied I Making one I yield that radio stations building evacuated after phones read. So, spacious packets follows a threatening call, Miramar. A building used as a broadcast facility by seven radio stations are a close-fax ability to their own. The building was evacuated yesterday after a threatening call into delivery-based suspicious package. I've seen some suspicious packages in my time. I'll bet. I still can't figure out what they were. Multi-colored? Accordingly, Miramar police had employed them. I talked about Jim. According to Miramar police and employee, a clear channel's radio Miramar headquarters received a call last night that was some sort of a threat. Yesterday morning when they suspicious package was delivered to the building, the employees were evacuated. Hi. The radio station switched over to automated programming. What? When the employees left the building. Well, at least they did that, as opposed to just leaving somebody in the building. Right, like they were. Like the first fire alarm we had a KT when I got a look sitting there and I look, I look out to you to window is narrow. The whole rest of the staff's out the parking lot and I'm sitting there doing my show inside and I find out they had a fire alarm. Where's our about KT? That's what they do here all the time. I was, I was just going to leave that. That was just the beginning. And then of course that said the pattern for us OP, baby. When you work for the folks we were for if you're on a year, um, too bad. Everybody else builds up. And then of course we shove fat boy down the stairs. Police called in a bomb school, which almost makes a worthy abbreviation. Police called the bomb squad, obviously said that two bomb sniffing dogs ordered the handleings to the president of explosives in the mayor room, but not in the package. Bomb experts checked the package and the mayor room and said no explosive device was found. Well, maybe one of the employees are dropped a small bomb in the mayor room. Do you think? Maybe. Maybe the dogs are reacting bad. I've been dropped out. Bomb's a big dog's alert to something such as fire. We're some materials that we've been exposed any explosive material. Workers returned the building after was cleared. Not operations were back to normal, such as they are as obvious that they have to know that cheap channel. This place should only croak. Two bad peep builders was light tied up and there too long would run a thing cool. Did you? I dream that she got a rash fire, does that just a wishful thinking? I don't recall. I'm not sure I hope so. Or a big. Remember who tapping the foot tapping the foot? I know you. Why would you want to go over the QAM? I had tapping her foot on the floor like, you know, that really worked well, Ronald. That did it for me. And although thanks to the dinner with Burton Jackson, good thing we got to eat there for free before they close down. That is a good thing. If it sounds like I'm eating a whole mental lips, it's a little warning too. You're eating a whole mental lips. Sugar free. Good. Super was free. But. Yeah. Right. Well, these, see I bought some, what are the other ones that are like, recall. I bought some of those in the sack, you know, sugar free and then come to find out that I so malt right. Is the first ingredient. That was when I started getting this cat scratchy throw yesterday. These have to be similar. So I spent so much time on the throne, man. I can't even, you don't want to hear about it. So I can't be. No, so I got the whole soup gross. I looked on the label. I so mold. No. I'm holding them right now. What? A husband's lip to some. This is in the back of the mouth and mint all in a package. Now, these are now methyl. These are um, cherry vapor action. Black cherry. And these don't have vapor action. Do you like black cherry? They have a citric acid. Yeah. And as per team, these are the same thing on here about that. Well, anyway, they also have not, not as explosive, but a milder form of the same problem. Times are just warning on that. Because I'm told those as it could actually be helpful. What do you mean by that? Or are you even getting an audio system to keep things right? Wait, wait, wait. We don't want to get into a whole thing in the middle of the lunch hour about excursory activity. Okay. Joy should be online before you know it. She's probably taking a big joy. So if they're right now herself, she's two of these coughs. You will. Yeah, good. Keep right of our face. Although she's been doing that with for a long time. Okay. Let's get to that take us an important crap. When I business about Brittany and the baby and the paparazzi maybe, oh, please, you know, talk about another funny stage event. Try to get her name back in a headline. You're old. No, as you're spoiled meat, Brittany, you're old and damaged and used and abused. And anybody who saw that Kevin Feeder line, oh, yeah. It's kind of like Madonna with Dennis Rodman. We're not that Madonna was eating in the first place, but I mean after that, that kind of sealed the fate sealed a lot of things. And in the course we got that new HD DVDs come out, which I'll tell you about. The largest study ever to ask whether a low-fat dive reduces the risk of getting cancer or heart disease and spound that the dive has no effect. Let me say it again. The low-fat dive has, no effect on cancer, heart disease, any of the other things. The $450 million federal study involved nearly 49,000 women ages 50 to 79 who were followed for eight years. In the end, those decided to low-fat dive had the same rates of breast cancer, colon cancer, heart attack and stroke, and those who wait whatever they pleased. Researchers have reported today. Now, do you hear what I just said? I heard. As those who wait whatever they pleased, go get Edo, Edo. These days, every evolutionary said Dr. Jules Hirsch, well, what if he's condemned to amel Hirsch or sign Hirsch? Find out. Position in chief emeritus at Rockefeller University in New York was better like kind studying the effects of diets on weight and health. They should put a stop to this error of thinking that we have all the information we need to change the whole national dive, make everybody healthy. Well, obviously they don't. Because if they did, we'd be like, kind and over each other, get to them like, what do I do? What can I do? What can I do? What can I do? You know, nothing's stuck in the face. The study published in today's issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association was not just an ordinary study, said Dr. Michael Thun, who directs epidemiological research for the American Cancer Society. It was so large and so expensive Dr. Thun said there was the rules, voice of studies as such yet it is likely to be the final word. How do you like that? That's how big it was. What else do I think were with a lot in trials? Where is it? The one where he says it is so huge. I can't find nothing today. Thunder. How is that? I thought it was under it is. That's what I thought. Hey, walk it. No, that's not it. No, that's not it. I see that one. See, I can't believe they did the one. Is that under walk it? It is so huge. That's under child of it. Yeah. But he cool. Anyway, we usually have only one child at a very large scale trial in a particular issue, said Dr Thun. The results of the study invested in investigating this agreement, do not just if I recommend a low fact that's the public to reduce their hard disease and cancer risk. Given the lack of benefit found in the study, many medical researchers said the best dietary advice for now. Oh boy, was to follow federal guidelines for health and eating with less saturated and trans fats, more grains and more fruits and vegetables. Anybody going to be doing that? No. Stay away from the trans fats. So those are the killers. And watch your homo system. If you go see that column where your homo system is going to go shoot in a big time. That's what I heard. I'm telling you, you can laugh all you want. That Dr. Cuckon, McColley, whatever his name was. He had a finger right in the middle of him. I'll just crap about cholesterol. You know that. That's bull crap. Homosystem, baby. That's what that's the best of and trans fats. Not everybody was convinced. The som, like Dr. Dean, or an as your long time fraker and promoter of low fat diets and presently prevented medicine research in students household of California, said the women didn't reduce their fat to low enough levels. We didn't have fruits and vegetables. And at the study, even in eight years, didn't give the medicine off time. Right. Wait until they croaked and then we'll find out. Other said that diet could still make a difference at least with heart disease. If people were to eat the so-called Mediterranean diet, low-insaturated fats like butter and high in oils like olive oil, olive olive. Keep fine. Olive olive. The women in the study reduced all kinds of fat. The stud diet studied had an antique patina. So Dr. Peter Libby, a cardiologist and professor at Harvard Medical School. These days, Dr. Libby said most people have moved out from the idea of controlling total fat to the idea that people should eat different kinds of fat. But the Mediterranean diet hasn't been subject to a study of this scope. Well, get on that because those people live off a rubber in the Mediterranean. And see, it's very hard to be on that diet in the first place because the soil is very rich over there like an Italy and the produce you just you fell from the produce. How rich that soil does no tomatoes, those red-wrapped tomatoes. And those blood-orange, if you ever had the red-orange juice, the blood-orange juice? Yes. And the red is great best. And not a fine idea that the grapefruit tree that we had in our backyard was, though, the Ruby Red grapefruit. Really? Yeah. That actually was something. Lashed it right. It was great. Remember what? This is a good thing we were, she was trying to get the good stuff. That's the good stuff. See the good stuff. And you're okay, busted for a drinking the red-orange juice, so grapefruit juice. And I guarantee you won't find that in Turino because Turin is way, it's not even in Italy basically. It's more like, it's like, it's more like in Switzerland, it's way up there in the Alps. That's not the Switzerland. Whatever. You're going there for the Olympics, right? Oh, yeah, I got tickets to Rino. You're in the US at NBC Stop calling it. I want you to do something right now. I did it before and I forgot to mention it. Do a Google on the word Turino. All right. Gran Turino like the car because I was going to read. Just Turino. And what is the first thing that comes up on it? What does it say? It says I'm going to sneeze. Oh, I scolored wrong. Priced. All right, Turino La Fiamma. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. See to a 50-year-old, a Cometacto, a Gran Turino, whatever. Or not to Turin. See that? Almost all of this stuff is in Italy. See, see? In Hermatsioni, you would tell me from Ovese, I would tell you from the Italian, Italy, and I would tell you from the Italian. Contient in the Italian, something rather. Know what's the use? He's Servizi Al Turista. See, I'm only reading the words that I can read. All right, it's all in Italian. You want to know why? Because Turino is an Italian word. It's an Italian name. Like a Roma. Like put in. It's like Volonia. I'm sorry. Not a good example. Like Venizi, Venizi, Veniziya. Right? If they were holding the Olympics in Venice, it was like all water sports in dirty water. They would be saying, we're going to Veniziya. Would they? No. Oh, here's that I would bush in the Nixon breaking that ball. Are you having trouble telling these men apart? We had a special prosecutor then. We need a special prosecutor now. Move on dot org political action is responsible for the content of this advertisement. George Vosha's breaking laws when it says there in of course is usual move on dot org is absolutely correct. This is a meal ruggers. This is 5162A. Hello, this is Anna. This is Natituma. It's the one to two hours. I'm rugging through a bedroom window. I found a little bit of a weird vibe. I thought I'd be an out of the room was crippled. But I need another dude. He's your play full of fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot to kill me. As another bitch was so well-known as mine. I certainly lost the most behind me in the hills. It Belle didn't write about me because I found a twitchy with a doubt, I did not realize anything. About my YouTube boyfriend. She ran with a double face. It's as thin of theoust. Satherbees, he doesn't miss out your friend. One or two, that's a noun, by the way. One or two or five, 60 WQM, you do understand it. I do know. Oh, two, eight. What? Woman does not smell, you didn't dump it into you. No. Don't put it. Woman does mouth to big to save chicken. This is a true story from Arkadel, for Arkansas. I'm just explaining here the difference between a verb and a noun. All right. You got it? I got it now. Now, two, eight. I'll play it again. Sometimes a chicken does have lips, just sometimes not a wrong. Mary and Morris say that, and there's a good chance that you'll be doing a short amount. Because I'm going to go to the road. Oh, no. It's sketchy. It's sketchy. Mary and Morris say your brother's exotic chicken, booboo, by administering mouth to big resuscitation on the foul, after was found floating face down in the family's pond. This is Arkadel, for Arkansas, so they probably got a lot of practice. Morris, a retired nurse, said she had net any practice with CPR. But that she was interested to see if she still had it. I read into his beak, and it's dad gum eyes popped open Morris said that. I read into his beak again, and his eyes popped open again. And I said, I think his chickens alive now, keep it warm. Or said she was pleased to find the bird she saved was an exotic. That's just ordinary chicken. Chicken is called booboo because she's easily frightened. I found the thought that maybe booboo was sterling, floating to the pond. I said, so she did mouth to mouth. The bell that chicken was choking. Right. See there you go again. What? Reverb. Oh, good verb. Good verb. Brittany says the paparazzi made me do it. I am so sick and tired of the crap, but I feel the spirit of Christ compels me to have to do this story. That's right. Oh, we probably should get some more movies on this poll today. Some more great movies like the shining. Oh. Right? I'm surprised that we did call him with that. That is surprising. WQAM Hello. This is Alan Burr when I'm on the. Okay, great. WQAM Hello. Hello. Okay, so there's three good ones. Like I said, I knew a seat, oh yeah. It's my seat key. I can pick up those vibes from my little miles away. But that was yesterday's poll, okay? Blame it on love and the paparazzi. That's Brittany's spirit's explanation for why she was driving with her infants on our left rather than his car seat. Maybe she's an idiot to that ever gone on you. Uh-huh. She believes in our president and whatever he says that's fine with her. And of course she would be the first you'd ask. Several photos published yesterday showed spirit's driving recipe with her son Sean Preston first on her lap rather than straffing to her car seat in the back seat. Spirit said she did it because of a horrifying frightful encounter with a paparazzi. The photo shows spirit's holding the wheel of the car with one hand and her four-month-old baby in the other hand. This kind of like ways to take tiny to the vet. He's holding the wheel with one hand and there was tiny. He had a hold of me because he was struggling and struggling and carrying on. You know what I'm saying? What he said? A person has shown sitting in the past to see, here's another reason that when you get to be my age you don't have dogs, plus I can't have one in the building anyway. That is when you get to be this age you have to spend a lot of time cleaning up your own mess. You don't want to scare a thing up your ass. That's right. A person has shown sitting in the past to see the next to spirit's. I was terrified that this time the physically aggressive paparazzi would quote me and my baby and danger spirit said the same way released late Monday to cover a rest. I instinctively took me to get my baby and my outer harms way, but the paparazzi continued to stalk us. She said, I love my child but do anything to protect him. Now how come whoever to say the person was sitting in the seat there, how come they weren't holding me a child? Right? Huh? Good. Chases by paparazzi inspired a California law which went into effect January 1. The law holds these aggressive photographers liable for three times that amages they inflict to us. They lose any payments their public sorrows might earn, publishers can also be liable. Sheriff's e-deppities me while won't be pressing any charges, e-lelease Castro said unless an e-dee saw the violation is nothing we can do. Castro said we don't even know if this took place in our jurisdiction. The agency that snapped the photos X-17 said the pictures were taken in a very peaceful context in which photographers exhibited no aggressive behavior. We believe the picture speak for themselves the agency said. I'm going to be pretty good for anybody with stuff about that. Anybody care about Brittany any more. Go away. Just go ahead. Got a nice picture of her all the way around. Oh, this is it's a Grammys party. All right. Of course the Grammys are tonight, aren't they? Yes, give me. Hey, do you have a clock? What is a miles of Brian CNN? New York. Sky miles of Brian with George Bush Herbert Walker 41. Try to be a comedian. Well he's just pathetic, you know. He is pathetic. And you're going to say all but he intended going all over the world to do all these good things. He is pathetic. I'll say it again. This tragic. Plus a crook and a thief and a father of the world's biggest most dangerous crook today. Richard and no he was too chained his daddy. I do. I do know introducing HD DDD. We talked about this at length at nauseam some months ago just praying. I mean, if you're going to go out there and spend all the money for an HD TV said, you might as well be able to watch this some real crystal queer, right? It's only great. WQAM hello. Yeah. QAM hello. What? Okay. What do you say? I have no idea. Oh. WQAM hello. Yes. I was going to recommend you a movie. It's called the Foll. It's about the last couple of what? What are these phones are like all under water or shower? Hey, hey, hey. Styrofoam? No, downfall. Oh. It's a junior father of last 10 days of all of Hitler in the bunker. And in German, we're English subtitles. It's a very popular figure out now. Okay. Thanks. You know, Hitler and Archie bunker. Okay. Like I said, I'm going to get back to this story because this is a useful information. To she was HD A1. Expect that a ship in March 2006 is the world's first HD DVD player. It plays new high definition HD DVD this as well as regular DVDs and CDs. And also will press and clean your DVDs. The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place after years of development. High definition HD DVD players are about to be on the list of a nation of eager HD TV owners like me. And you'll be too in a Josh by the that HD set. Can't wait. HD DVD is a new high definition disc format designed from the ground up to maximize the viewing experience. Available from today's HD TVs. Owners of HD TVs will maybe disappointed by lack of consistent quality or quality of HD programming will not have a top quality high definition source they can enjoy any time. HD, DVD disc players offer several advantages over the standard DVD format that we all know and love better picture quality. HD DVD is a true high definition format offering video with 1080. I or 720p resolution while standard DVDs will very good on HD TV they don't provide high definition signal. HD DVDs are extraordinarily sharp clean detailed picture with deeper richer colors. That are sound quality. Offers the same audio channel sound format still be digital and DTS you're accustomed to but goes further offering advanced new versions of Dolby digital and DTS that will give you sound track startling clarity and dimensionality. Much greater storage capacity. What makes HD DVD superior picture and sound possible is that much higher storage capacity of HD DVD discs. A single layer HD DVD can roll 15 gigabytes of data which is over three times the amount of standard DVD can hold. Dual layer HD DVDs hold. That third man gigabytes. This increased storage capacity allows HD DVD to fit several hours of high definition video and high resolution quality channel audio. Plus the added features and material that require multiple this with standard DVD. Compared to the current disc collections while it speaks for itself. Internet access. HD DVD per se include an ethernet jack for use with the high speed internet connection. Internet access opens the door to some cool interactive features. And one day movie studios may make additional bonus material available for downloading long after HD DVD movies been released. Ready for that? All right. And of course you're probably asking yourself well what am I going to watch on these? You know, I don't get my 8 out of DVDs. Well here you go. I'm so glad you asked. A limited number of HD DVD movies will be available when the first player is launched in March. Just days away. Are you on the edge of your seat? All right. We just slide right off. Some will be HD DVDs. Well others will be hybrid HD DVDs. I standard DVD discs. The number of titles projected rise around 50 by May. Then grow it nearly 200 by years end. Well that's that's not exactly a big choice. titles announced so far include Eon flux Aon Eon Eon. What a reo ed sucks either way. Oh Eon flux sucks the idioter band of brothers Batman begins the born supremacy. Hey Matt. You're fairy. Braveheart Charlie in the chopper factory really bad. Um, so sorry Johnny. Friends. Oh the 40 year old virgin. Harry Potter and the Gobbo to fire. The Italian job. Jarhead Lara Croft Tomb Raider. The Lord of the Rings trilogy. The mainstream candidate probably the new one. The makers trilogy. Million dollar babies. So here are seven. What's in the the ultimate Star Trek movie collection. Terminator 3. You two Rattle and Humb. Oh they sure do. We were soldiers and others. We got it. I mean yeah we're gonna have to wait. So in other words you have to feel too bad. You don't have the TV set or the player yet. Yeah. I think about it. Some of you dad. I'll be able to afford it. Yeah and if you say like with the big bucks. Hey listen you're having that big uh powwow now with the Joe Bell. Right. That's the first day that I would do. I put my foot down right on the table. I put my shoe right up on top of the table and say here's shine it. Not necessarily it's starting like stand it up for yourself. Now that you've got to go out of things you're like at least adequate as opposed to H2 like poison like his predecessor. Well that is a big hit about you. I know that is a big step up. You didn't say you're great. Say you're adequate. I just said, well I don't suck. I said that. That all depends on what adequate means. I was thinking about Clinton you know. From it it's after one at five sixty w two a.m. Hey I'll tell you what's more than adequate in that brandy shoes and Pompeo Beach baby. If you're looking to take good care of your feet get you a great fitting pair of good looking shoes and at brandy's you'll always do that because they first of all have people that know your feet and said and I'll tell make sure you have a customized fit of the shoe you like every single time. Ask her already. He'll take good care of your tussies and they carry a few mongers to let's do all the top brands like rock port four shime echo ma fisto S.A.S. New Balance and all of this too and the pros at brandy's even specialize in wide wits as well in case you've got big fat ones. So brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in South Florida for comfort style, fit value and selection and unbeatable combination always take brandy shoes in Pompeo Beach in 1290 or federal highway. They're open every day Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this week it's a great time to buy S.A.S.U.S. at brandy's take 24 bucks extra off the retail price of all great men's and women's styles S.A.S. this week at brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy's shoes.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62 A.S. Perfect. Stand by four news. It was this little girl's first day of school and let's each her ass her what her name was the little girl replied happy but the teacher said I don't think that's your name you need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out. So the little girl went to the principal's office and he asked what your name and the little girl said happy but the principal called the mother to get this straightened out once and for all after getting off the phone he looked at the little girl and said honey your name is glad it's not happy but the girl exclaim glad ass happy but once the difference Paul Harvey I know good day 117 at least he knows anyone this is disgusting Mr. but it's typical in other words you got to support our true swallow over there being made as human sacrifices in it right but once they come back screw him we get these all the time. Former U.S. soldier injured in Iraq says he was forced to pay $700 for a bloke so a blood so body armor vest that was destroyed after medic's removed it to treat crap mail ruins around to his arm. First lieutenant William Eddie rebroke 25 had lead the army because of his injuries but before it could be discharged we get a scrounge up cash from his buddies to pay for the body armor or face nothing discharged from months. Rebroke was built because they supplied office to fail the document that the vest of a destroyed more than a year ago as a biohazard. I saw the body armor was pulled off my bleeding body while I was being evacuated in a helicopter rebroke told us sometime newspaper they Charleston Gazette in West Virginia. It took it off me and burned it. Rebroke story to the day's bird action from your senator's Bobby bird and J. Rockefeller both West Virginia Democrats. I've been in touch with his family I've already written defense secretary Ramesfield to request that they immediately refund his money and we do this horrendous policy Rockefeller said I'm shot that he's been treated this way by our military. Bird question general Peter schoolmaker chief staff the army on Tuesday during a seminar on service committee budget hearing. How can it be that the defense department which is requesting $439 billion in his budget has to resort to sending a wounded soldier seven dollars to replace a piece of body armor bird ass. Schoolmaker called rebroke story unusual and promised bird a corrective if there's any truth to it. If there's any truth and I just made it up he's just a real comedian. He's just a chronic complainer Jackass and you folks sit back and you're watching blazing saddles. I know that's why that's why the world is in the shape of it's in the day That's why the crazy ragheads are are riding all over the damn world today That's why they got cure a Phillips on CNN which is enough to make me just want to throw rock to his little TV said God do I hate that bitch In fact, you know something compared compared to her. I love solid dad. Does that does that give you some insight? That's a hell of a comment. This bitch every chance he gets he's editorializing and she's up there The way they got her tongue up the bush her peoples up, but every chance he gets so all brother shot her a lot for the loot dobs And then they can arrest him as a pair of illegal aliens Hmm Ten 91 we're gonna do over 1100 wouldn't for just about like yesterday. What does Elizabeth Cohen look at that nose man I think she's got tricky noses. He says and it's very important to take a careful look at it What the study found is that these women in the study when they cut she is too Jewish fat They indeed they did not see a reduction in risk of heart disease and cancer But when they cut that on bad fats when they mean serious cuts in bad fat Didn't see well like this is a bulletin like there's something new in it So saturated fat and trans fats those are the ones get rid of them. Okay, quit eating them fries with it without the mayo You won't do it you keep eating them damn fries Thomas treat this Don't you see both of you. Hell yeah, okay, we're gonna be doing love and cutting down a lot You'll be dead in no someday you'll be swapping out fries for solid lately You know, I didn't say I didn't see go crazy. I just little by little He does he orders a lot of salad these days really from where from my house From how he's when I we order from where he's all order a Greek salad or a kid Real salad or something like that Wendy's they had it aside salad as opposed to fries which their fries are horse I don't know where I just anyway So I beg you pardon Wendy's fries. I thought we love one these we love one these but their fries are the worst oh I don't know cuz they don't know I don't so I'm telling you that would be one to land the last things I mean If I ever saw another French fry alert would like to see some of the French fry I swear say the ones in Quebec Let's see all in fry 5670569 I'm just curious about one thing I'm I shouldn't really ask you to take because you don't want to renew those crap about it But now that I'm giving up that we were fortunate thing I am just kind of like a lost tile That's why it's not so much that I'm addicted which I am but I just don't know what else to Dittle with you know right well now there's another fun part of the game which is called discovery where you get to sample a few and Explore and that's what I'm saying yeah, that's fun unto itself and Then when you move on you choose you sample one for little while I can kid in the candy shop I mean what does this start to park yourself in front of one then another and just to see how it plays Samurton loose exactly okay. I'll give it a shot 5670567 I'm gonna try those by me sevens highly recommended by the beast How many Q a m hello W Q a m hello Okay, great W Q a m hello Yes, yeah Yeah, right Never seen it George keeps tell me you hate it. I never saw the big little ones He's telling me to watch it is a Josh. I mean, I think it's funny Okay, the big little boss. We put it on there. I think it just a name turns me off sounds too Polish Yeah 5670560 pound five six to leave a rise in singular wireless line do not eat a lot of these holes Su-crossed free-up mental lift is you're gonna be sorry. I think I'm already gonna be sorry here any second I've just oh Joyce would have read enough sitting here that and wait and if you only could smell it W Q a m hello. I can make a cracker W Q a m hello That's making employment for crankles. Yes There's a 50 you had that goes Yeah But I think you are You You stay Street My time to my chance Just in sound back on my feet just the man that is well to divide Is the eye of a tiger? It's the thrill of a fight Rising off through the challenge of our rhyme room and the last non-survivor stops his prey in the night And it's fortunate. I'm a star way free To me, you like that bit for whatever reason. I remember the first time I could you just do we're smitten by it? Yeah, I'm still smiting are you? Yeah, it's fine. How many Q a I am? Say how about a movie with Ron Jeremy and yeah, I love it Too hairy for me, Pally and Too fat. W Q a m hello Uncle me, oh, yes, man. I've been trying to call you all day. I have a movie for your poll. I'm very disappointed George didn't add it to yes You got to add half-baked Half-baked. Yeah, that's one of Josh's favorites. I beat the supported him. Yes, I was holding Josh in put on a he's he's been a whimpering I like the guy said two vanilla and by the way bigel-bousey is really funny. Okay All right, that's all I think you would for thanks. Oh, look at this Oh, with each other 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 you know you didn't give a great minute Because I think the package is already down there The Volca Brian package the care package with his disc and whatever else you put it right hopefully he'd remember to Disate broke back with it. Well, there ones crash. Well crash is coming in the next pack It broke out You know, sorry That's a fact cowboy movie. That's right. We need to report Why because you're a good movie critic sometimes and I love this is an important review that we need to get because everybody's hyping it to high heaven as you know First of all any tenders will be this time time just like I do the right just like that one time the constant gardener Do not see it You would be so pissed off. You wasted two hours in your life you'd be filming it Especially now that I know that those two chicks while I happen to find very hot are showing their boobs in it I might just group my teeth, you know, but right, right You might look past all the factory in there and they'll see what they're at to I need your report on it Okay I'll watch it all squeeze in time and in between the bigel-bousey and shindlers list and What's the one with the shoshank? Yeah, right? Just a name in that you've ever did Why I forget it I'm shocked since you did buy it but my son And I still got it. I don't know. It's great. Well, I'm waiting for rainy day. All right Okay guys Valentine's Day's next shoot the last thing What do I spend the weekend shopping so here's what you want to do? Send a pajama gram a pajama gram is the perfect way to sport your wife or girlfriend or both and give them what you really want Should receive the best pajamas deliver now a head box You love along with the lavender sachet gift card and do not disturb sign all free Sending the january gram only takes minutes, but she'll pick you spend a month finding it So shop online at pajama gram.com or call 1-8 and re-give PJs find all the top brands from company to sexy Great bath and body gifts to all that spots stuff that women just love Toss the packaging is amazing. So you don't have to wrap anything. It's our red wrap for you a pajama gram is the perfect gift and best of all They'll think of you every time they put them on women want to be pampered and this is a gift you'll both love Valentine's Day deliveries guarantee to so call 1-800-GIF PJs or visit pajama gram.com right now and tell them that old meal Totally to call 1-800-GIF PJs around the wicked web pajama gram dot com Gelby to a set note fresh on a hills that had big five nothing shut out wind by the pants is last night Patrick by a like sim kid, you know that sim kid? No, no, you know how about Josh you know that sim kid. I do now because I saw that really good goal He on sports center last night. How you like that and then mad dog before after all that hockey talk Although Gelby's got Eric Reed 23 is afternoon Talking to his teeth all the time Since already hurricane warm up, they've got uh hurricane basketball nobody cares. Any can't throw the basketball game By between seven and whatever the game is over you're entitled to go and have a good time have a good dinner Speaking of the 18 new jerky who's going on a rant page that gave our leader killing two people Fadley shot himself in the head of that gun public Arkansas police of the reason I'll say remember we thought the police shot him? Right no he did everybody a favor Jacob robot 18 of the bed for turn to gun himself Saturday after he faintly shot a West Virginia woman who was in his car Police originally said they shot him Saturday after he fired at them from the end of a high-speed chase World Arkansas He killed gas for Arkansas police officer Jim cell and led police on a timeout chase before being stopped in nearby Norfolk Arkansas Norfolk I see N.O.R. F.L.R. K. They norfolk Police had searched for robots and only Thursday when they say he used a hatch in the handgun to one three minute Puzzles lounge a gay bar in the bedford while said two bus investigators are in Arkansas and reviewed his autopsy report Well said robot as autopsy cruelty was killed by the same gun used in the bar attack He said that the gun that also fired a bull that killed Jennifer Reena Bailey 33 and a quaint seed picked up after fleeing from Massachusetts He was not prepared to come out of this Alive to which we say Obviously when we got here and now this is chronic see that I can tell just this looks like Riley again Isn't it it's not Riley, but it's chronic chronic fracture Cracks is one of the best movies to come around a long time. Well, I hope you're right. Oh, you saw you said it was very good. It was great four stars really. Yep. Not as good as The constant gardener. Wow, how can it be? Big lemaskies hilarious it says well give you one of the You have to see two thousand one space Odyssey numerous times just to begin to understand oh Yeah, it gets the dialogue. It's very difficult. I did sit numerous times and I understand it perfectly and it's for you Right Dr. Strange love is a movie for the ages. Okay. Well put that on there That's not that's not the question is the movie for the ages, okay? Wizard of Oz is a movie for the ages. I don't want to see it again. Okay. I don't want Don't lie Do you want to see it again be honest? No, Josh you want to see was it a vase? No, I'm good. No movie for the ages. Don't want to see it Dr. Jackal and Mr. Hyde was very good not to all with Spencer Tracy The one later round would like whoever hell was Louis Jordan or somebody Very good. Go on to see it again. How's the wax with Vincent Price the original house of wax moving for the ages Do I want to see it again? Absolutely not The question is other than the godfather all tree of them and movie you could watch it in times Over and over and over over here's what we got so far and it's just it's enough to maybe want to Impel myself at a very sharp object. We got 1121 vote I Look at torachia Pakistan the guest bees there like got the American flag on a ground Hundreds of people gathered to vent the anger in the cat house. Well too bad screw them Are we hate Denmark? Well you know what you mama your mama so soft and health we hate Denmark so we don't care We hate you. How do you like that? It is these the deans are snappy dressers Other than godfather a movie you could watch as it in times blazing saddles 132 Pump fiction 104 give me a break And we said movie Animal house 80 my cousin Vinny 72 national and pool vacation 62 the greatest skateboarding six was in advance 46 I think a lot of our audience. He just want to find that yellow that pink brick road That's a that will color design trend in autumn bills 44 caddy shack 41 Fargo 41 now we're talking Francis McDermont she is only all time great I love her and of course what it makes face he goes without saying And Henry Gibson Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 40 you're fairie Yeah, I watch it a few times, but it's not I really don't think I watch it again Glenn Gary yeah, I watch it every time it's on get out of here You'll see the light that's already you know don't forget Close and keep that in mind and also keep this in mind. It's good lunch Get the chocolate briefly Charles sacredemption 37 the natural 36 airplane 32 Rocky who are picture show 29 jack lemon was so great and even though he's considered you know Very highly I still think he's ever rated he was great Scarface 22 life of Brian 22 heat 21 reservoir dog 16 Joe dirt 16 they good the bad and Allen Brown 14 West Side story 14 office based 13 sin city 12 Dumb and double 11 lord of the rings 10 good fellows nine die hard nine let it ride nine Rounders nine nobody's got eight Smoking the band at seven casino seven nobody got eight because of Joyce for for Bids it The day the earth stood still seven Roger rabbit seven six for a little big man the big Lamassies up for big deal Thanks for the wall for the excess is for silence the lamest tree Can you need three standing in the shadows of Otaum tree the karate kid tree Spartacus three not already report three two Platoon sling blade imaginary heroes which still has only two won't get any more to bad half-acre one leave 111 and longest yard so far Got the big oh Seems to me that we got the one go every time we do any kind of movie pool he always calls in the longest yard and always comes up with oh Same number even he don't vote for it right kind of right? I don't get it a little bit bizarre a little bit by the way how are they Clinton is Talk up to Walmart you see that's where we head on there. No. Yeah looking our website. I don't have time for it Damn it But here's some more bad news Walmart plans to open more than 1500 stores in the USA in the coming years on top of the nearly 3200 already operates That's what they say yesterday. They want one on every street corner across from every new stadium in the Auditorium John Menzer The companies vice chairman of its domestic Walmart stores vision said Walmart's on schedule meeting an ounce target of each between 335 and 370 new US store openings this year after 341 last year That number includes Walmart discounts stores super centers that also have a full grocery section Smaller neighborhood markets and sand club membership warehouses Super centers are the largest single group with 19 of the East location in the US and the focus of future growth plans They want to put everybody out of business. They want to put the grocery people out of business They want to put the video people out of business. They want to put everybody out of business, right? Right the super stories that carry everything Walmart opened 69 new stores and stands clubs in January a company record for one month I had no idea that they anything to with Sam's club Did you yes, I did well what have they got to do with Sam's? Are they honest? They are one the same they're the same empty oh no yes Thank God I never got a Sam club card never going meter guess why Walmart right good guess 560 pound five 60 Verizon singer wireless line W 2 AM hello Hey, you should definitely have passion that price on that Jesus Jesus Yeah, I'm not the rushy Jesus Christ 70 can you feel hey, I'm hello? Yes, I know yes, sir And yeah, I wanted to put it down the fall well go into head Slap off with that I said slap her right on her what do you got? Why I haven't heard you mentioned it but how about them her then her how about been him? Fan her oh rather yes, I saw it about 100 years ago Why do you want to see that you like them guys dressed up like that? Who does it? Okay, that and then her get on he's he's lost No sense of humor kind like those Arabs Oh, there they are so when you realize that in Islam Things are considered dirty and for bidden to eat the point is what is the point? Islam's tried to do through political manipulation What they couldn't achieve through the Democratic exercise of their freedoms Mainly so good Well good then they do a hell of a job like I said they're doing a hell of a lot better job than the Catholics are doing Catholics need to go back to some of those days like the inquisition and the accrues AIDS right Start making a little bit better offer and maybe that's why they went up for Michael Jackson and that Pope CD No turn a little Michael Jackson music a nice deterg Hey listen, let me say it again, Val? Have my junior honey Because moms and large and dad likes porn Vets were the dumb man So lives on the earth But even stupid people are allowed to give birth All breakfast still serve walking jobs in wine ONE BAND I FEEL IN BENT O PAPATION ENEMY doncables are ahead Just stay at this tableength me five Big Slop, we'll job! Moms of normal times, duh! So how does he go? There's no doubt about it, she's a dog! But he still wants to sin, sin! And land like we'll home! That's right to him! And they still think his funny, So free, pale amount of wounds! Watch it full house, re-run! Break it to his front mum, fog! That's the average day for the loser! And the fog! Can't believe they can see! How'd that fall, little thing? Oh, that's wonderful! Better hope, make it mine, see! And the parade to save! Cause that's a big beat with all any signs! One man, I feel bad for baby, better life! More salvation, he only hope! All of you assume that the baby would turn out to be really beautiful, wouldn't ya? Yeah, that remains to be seen. Have a little twist, she's now, this is my lunch. That's fine. Is that fine? No car! Zero cars! A little bit of fat! Not heavy duty though, no transplants! Okay? That's all right. Sweden tends to be the world's first oil free economy! Let's hear for those Swedes! Even though they tend to be extraordinarily anti-Somantic! Sweden is to take the biggest energy step! I hate to be all of you been doing it! Wait, what do you guys? Dude, what? Talking with food in your mouth! Oh, yeah, what do you do? Hey, you started it! Yeah, and I'm not gonna say that. The Audi days, I remember that month, I'll... Memo about one. About eating while on the air! Yeah, I'm gonna tell you how to drop the pedal! And I told him to drop that! That's what you said! Screw you guys, Audi! Now what do you? Sweden has to take the biggest energy step of any advanced-wester in the economy by trying to wean itself off oil completely within 15 years, without building a new generation of nuclear power stations! Without! The attempt by the country of Germany, and the people to become the world's first pizzerically oil for your economy, is being planned by a comrade, a committee of industrialists, academic farmers, carmakers, civil servants, and others who will report the parliament in several months. The intention of Swedish government, said yesterday, has to replace all fossil fuels with renewables before climate change destroys your economy, and growing oil scarcity, leads to huge new price rises! So maybe they're getting the message, you know? They're right there by right across the water there from Copenhagen from Denmark! The streets! Maybe they're getting the message, see? Maybe that's the real reason that the Muslims are debating, it's because the Scandinavian countries are saying to help with you guys, and you're stinkin' oil! Our dependency on oil should be broken by 2020, said Montes Halley, Minister of Sustainable Development in Sweden. To his probably incident, I'd release Swedish porn that you used to watch, that I'm waiting you used to. There shall always be better alternative to oil, which means no how should need oil for heating, and no driver should need to turn solar to gasoline. According to the energy committee of the world, Swedish Academy of Sciences, there is growing concern that global oil supplies are peaking, and will shortly dwindle, and that a globally economic recession could result from oil prices. Mrs. Solin is described, or all dependency is one of the greatest problem spacing in the world. A Sweden-free fossil fuels, you're right about eating on the air, well it's bad, Gary Bruts is right then. Would you let it screw him? Would you let him on this advantage? Not least by reducing the impact from fluctuation oil prices, the price of oil is crippled since 1996, she pointed out. The government official says, we want to be both mentally and technically prepared for a world without oil. Remember that song Peter, in Gordon and World Without Love? No, yeah I did. How about a capital record, Peter, in Gordon? How about a world without oil of the same tune? The plan is to respond to global climate change, rising petroleum prices, and warnings by some experts that the world may soon do running out of oil. How do you like that? There it is. And we will walk you away before you sing it again. Take them to the gun show this weekend. 560560, pound five 60 in the Verizon singular, wireless line. WQAM, hello. Neil? Yes sir. Hey, good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. All right, I'm surprised. I want to ask you mention Star Wars. That episode, the 1197 episode four. Just the one that's called Star Wars. Right, right, right. Just I'm good. If I can kind of put my two cents in for a shock-hanging redemption. There even, there even that moon. There even that moon. There even that moon. There even that moon. There even that moon. There was rated a very good movie. Right. Because of the actual title. And like you're saying, you're just a name-shoshing. You know, you're going to sound like it sounds like somebody got a bad, bad piece of meat or something. I just had that. There's a bad guy. Movie. So that movie, I came across it when the friend of mine rented it. And I was like, all right, I'll see it. And after I saw it, there was such a great movie that I actually bought it so that my dad can watch it. And he loved it also and I haven't at home. Now, the reason that we keep pushing so much for you to watch it is because we kind of know what kind of tastes you have in movies. And we know that you will just love this movie. Why does it's a prison movie? No, no, no. It's got a wonderful story in it. And it's got a nice twisting ending, you know, where you think? Twisting. I don't want to spoil anything. But you know, it's got a very nice ending. And it's got a nice cast. And it's a little long. So you have to be a little patient. But at the end, you're going to say, well, this is a pretty good movie. Okay. So, the most important thing is, all of the time, when you see it, all of the time, you know, tell you, hey, you see it, I told you. Okay. Oh, I'll say, gee, you made me wish a lot of money. Well, I'm not the movie. You have to move you, right? No. But I had it. Yeah, well, I had it. Somebody gave it to me. You think I still got that tape to do it about the time? I'm flustered. Oh, I can handle it. I can handle it. It's all right. There's nothing wrong with it. Sing about. I'm sorry. Sorry. Why you sound so depressed? I told my watch it. Right. No, there's nothing wrong with it. It's just not as good as the people like to say it is. Well, he says he knows my taste in movies and I think you'll like it. I think he'd like it, too. Yeah. I'll think you're going to think I like shows. You're crazy. Okay. I think, well, you'll be too many Jews in it. Don't you understand? Look at you as I said, Mike. I can go to sunrise. It's nice to see all the Jews I want. Okay. I'm going to have a listen. It's about my life. I've been surrounded by Jews. Can I see a movie? Do I have any Jews in it? Get it? I can go out by a nice, nice line. Listen. Huh? It's about a Nazi. There are Jews in the movie. And it has a lot to do with the Jewish. I don't want to say about Hitler. It's about Hitler. It's about him. It's his story. Yeah. All right. I don't know. What do you think I like imaginary heroes? There's no Jews in it. How do you, how do you do know? Trust me. I checked it out. A.M.L.H. Well, that's right. He might be Jewish. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. All right. I think it's Neil. This is 5.60. All right. Yes. When we just called to become a part of history, James Jones, Charles Manson, and David Karech. And now, the man known as just Joe. Who is that castrated film that we wish him? Uh, be sure they call him. Joe. He's a powerful spaker. He's very persuasive. I don't even know what that means. Yes. He looks a lot like Buddha. Oh, what a swell guy. He's a mystery bag. The guy can bear if he can bathe. He's clearly a jelly-winged pick as knows at the same time. He's got to be a god. Well, play ugly. Boo. This guy's good. Who are followers then? Jerry Garcia. Ladies and gentlemen. Would you please welcome our fearless lead. Last all leader. A flash-mulling hustle. Joe. Uh. Remember everyone before we get on the spaceship. You must be wearing the official shoe of the sexier seven-gay cow dead. Right. Just don't get too. Uh. Joe. This. Joe. This. Don't. Go. Go. Go. Yo. I don't know. No. Probably one of where I went. Well, there was an eye kind of door. And I got my fat's paper. What? Why don't they know to bring it upstairs? I don't know. The big nice, I guess. So, this is right on here. Leave at the, with the concierge. And they didn't do it. That's okay. And I got a whole bunch of fat's paper. Want some? Yeah. Please put your sets in. Okay. I'll say me to the left. I'll go to the left. I'll go to your friend. I don't want to slip over to the other side of the building. So, let's see. We got, uh, blazing sandals. I, so I got all these movies. I got a by now. Big lemouski. Star shank redemption. Shindlers list. Crack your sending me right. Right. You crash in it all the time. You're a bad cow, boy. You're sending. Right. Yeah. You should have that downstairs right now. Really? Yeah. And you're right. It is downstairs. Because it ain't this thing. Miss package. You got just, uh, something just so you know that, you know that's not out on DVD yet. So the copy that you're getting is a pirated copy. So the quality is not going to be. You're saying we have pirated copy? Yes. So the quality that you're getting is about like VHS. Still fine. You know, just not. We're not sending me an HD quality. So when I get my new HD and DVD this month, no, when those come out. I'll probably say it'll be like really, uh, a pirate one of those when they come out. I see. Anyway, the cowboys they're in. He's ledger and Jake your little hole between the two of them. Although, Josh is big in a Jake your little hole. That's why I like that. Donnie, Johnny, dark. I heard there wasn't much between the two of them. Yeah. So I heard. They don't measure up. So anyway, let's see. Jake, killing Hall was in. Well, he went down. He got him down and done and dark. All right. Doing a good job. And you watched half of it. It's a very good movie. Like I said he dies in the end. Right. Yeah. I don't even know. Maybe you don't even want to watch. Yeah. That's just, uh, you want to watch the rest of it. Just because I told him he croaked in the end. This isn't a big deal. He died. Just the way he thought he was going to die. So there's no surprises, right? By the way, that's where's your original copy I made for you. Oh, geez. I don't want to put this on the ear. I mean, they're going to come and drag you as if it's not going to be for all in drugs. It's going to be for bootleg copy your ear and deep crap. But my immigration violation. And at least the long enough to have that lunch on Monday. Bye.