What are you gonna do about it? You're fairies! Terence Dero should rot in hell. What now? He's just in Jackass. I'm finding out more things every single day. Ah, what's the list? He and Joyce are just an impediment to this show. Am I showing our success? He's an idiot. Anybody think I'm gonna spend the next two and a half years of my life working for some punk sports nerd, they're dreaming. Crazy person. I mean you guys, the sports shows all I got like three or four people working with you guys on your shows. And they continue trying to prove that I only need one person with me to work this show. They're crazy people. And he should rot in hell. Is a special place in hell for a clearance Dero? So try to take somebody away from you? No, I'd say well they've haven't tried to do that for a long time. They've been trying to prove that we don't need three people to do this show. All the sports shows, even your buddy, the big rock solid. Oh, even he wants two people now as well I'm here in. And they both have to speak Spanish by the way. Slowly. At five o'clock in the morning. Yeah. That's what's going on in your place in your world. I heard about that one. Just be real happy when you're sitting in Vegas man. Just be real happy when you get away from these people. Kiss the ground, kiss the microphone, kiss the slot machine. So what else? That's not enough to get you going? I don't know for you. I guess it's not a bulletin. You know what? I'm off for the next three days. I'm going to put this place behind me for three days. Well me too. Just not even think about it. Yeah. It's a good idea. That's what I always do. Yeah. So when is your first vacation? When do you leave now? Is it three weeks? Or two weeks? Three weeks from today. Okay. Then I come back here two days a week till after a week after a labor day. So life is good. Oh listen, I'll set up this place. Life is great. Outside of a couple of tough machines mine. But I can get over that. I'm not going to ask you where you're going because I know you won't say. I'm here. When you leave for the summer. I told him I'm going to Berlin for a week. Yeah, I know that. How many different places are you going to visit the summer? I'm not. I'm coming back here. Oh, you want to be there for a few couple of days. Of course down there. Just to keep preventing legal. I'm thinking what I have to do is probably rent me a P.O. box in Niagara Falls, New York. Why not? I mean, it's going to be always instead of coming out of Florida every three or four months for a few days. Yeah. Just going to be a P.O. box. As long as I have a USRS, I can just go across the border. Get my passport stamped and like stay a weekend or something and come right back. I get another 180 days. That's the way it works here. That's where you knew my driver's license this year. Well, don't worry about it. Let me tell you how that works. Okay. Yeah. Oh, that's right. You will get somebody there in the station to do it for you. Go online and do it. That's what I did. Yeah. I had the sticker. You know, the blue sticker they put on the back of your one of those? Yeah. Well, you'll get another one for six years in a mail if you do it online. That's your 15 bucks. And in 15 bucks? Go online. You could be deaf, dumb, blind, armless, legless and fact-a-data-strab-body, armless guy that was driving. I'll get to later. But, uh, and they don't care. They don't, in fact, the picture on your driver's license in Florida, you could be 80 years old and your picture was like when you were a teenager. Like the obituary. You ever noticed how when you run pictures of people who pass on? Yeah. They were like 30. Yeah. They used to, they were our school graduation picture. And then you look and see how old they were 97. Yeah. Nobody's true. Don't worry about your new license. Just, you didn't care. Give you a vision test. They don't give you anything. They don't even know if you're alive. If you have eyes, I don't want to use my whole election. Yeah, that's right. Or, for that matter, or my annual election. Right. Same crap. So, just have one of the computer, uh, it takes about two minutes. That's all? Okay. Just put your, in fact, you get your license side. You put the number in there, whatever your license number is. And they get to form your fill out and you send a check in for the 15 bucks. In fact, you don't even have to send a check in. You do that right on the line. Right. Let's take your credit card. And you'll have it within less than a week guarantee. Sounds good. I'm done. All right. Six more years, man. Like when I use the ID here, like it would bind if I were after it. When I cash in my points at the winner, the loser circle. And, uh, I rather than sluck in my passport with me all the time. I sure want to take it and lose it there. It would bind. God forbid. So, you know, I use my driver's license and they look kind of about, they'll look on the front first. I'll say, I don't know, the renewal dates on the back. And I always, always enjoy a sling of them. And then in Florida, you get it like, are we new in the mail for six years? And they look at me like, what? And I said, that's the Florida F and Wayman. It's the way we do it. They shake their head like, holy crap. You are governor is not going to be the commissioner of the national football. Oh, it's easy. I'm thinking he ought to start tomorrow would be good. Give him the hell out of tell a half. See anyway. That's story. It was so bogus. Yeah. It's just three nerds from a newspaper. What's the newspaper? This is Joe Bell. I don't think anything to be that bogus. He's not going to be football commissioner. Who do you know? That's Bert Bell. No, Joe Bell ought to be the football commissioner. Give me a lot of there. They already had a big deal. Can you get to memo? What memo? About to 4,000 new people we have on staff? No, I didn't see that. Oh, you've got to get to his memo from Joe Bell. New hires. I think what it's going to be is they're going to, the new philosophy. We're going to have like 7,000 sales people. And each one of them is going to go out and sell 10 bucks a week. Yeah, dollar a holler. And also on the list of all these new people, of which I never heard of any of these people. Uh, the only one I heard of Evan Cohen. Now, wait till you hear this line. Evan is doing some weekend work for Josh. You may be aware of Evan who as he is the PM drive host on ESPN radio, 760 in the Palm Beach is he's doing some weekend work for Josh. And all my life in my 80 yearsness business. I never heard of general manager described someone on the air staff as doing work for the program director to you. And over, Josh has the keys to the kingdom. Josh Dero. Not to be confused with our Josh. Do you really has keys to his car? Oh, I'm getting the memo now. In that line. Welcome. This is the same clearance Dero. This is that we don't need more than two people to do this show. You know, you should run hell, Clarence, and don't ever think about calling here again. You're here at Daltone. So freaking fast. See, his thing to famous at my paycheck shows up on time, which he did yesterday. Big deal. Okay, like I'm going to give him a gold star to purple jelly mean for that. That they finally get around to get my paycheck showing up on time. Big Smith's man. Congratulations. What a loser. That's the, I'm telling you right now. In fact, how much, how much you want to put in? I'll split whatever cost for a hitman. Take him out this weekend. Now, I'm so happy we have another part time guy who was on Zayda or was on Zayda. No, he's, is he, he's, what is he? Is he an air person? Really nice. Hard time working. Who the hell did he just put me on the field? Good morning, Guy. Who was on the field? He was on Zayda. None of us ever heard of Flee. And that's because nobody listens to Zayda. Flee. I don't know who that is. We fell in sliced Daniels. Oh, well, God, for good. We have another guy named Feldman on the station. I don't know how much Jews on here already. So it's got to be Lee Daniels. They can't aid the Flee. Flee. He was the PD morning guy for 99 X and Fort Myers. Worked at 90 Rock and Tampa. Most recently was Flee on Zayda. And I guess he freed from that and came over here. Lee Feldman. And by the way, Gary Sarners in April, too. I just thought I mentioned that. I'm really just nauseous. He comes in this morning every single thing he gets involved with is a scam. Everything. He doesn't go out and so. You know, like an accountant and we do spots or whatever. Everything with him has got some kind of a scam in it. Oh, you're going to get 80,000 mentions on WQAM. And everybody's going to be reading all these promo. And he's everything he gets involved in, man. Although he does walk around with a big bright smile on his face. Sure. Seriously, it's just, we have reached a point now. You know, whatever the word crisis is, a thousand times whatever that means. You know, in other words, that that pales into what's significant is. We're so far beyond that. And then the word yesterday is the reason nobody could find Joe Claribel was he was at lunch waiting here this with Bruce Beesley and Clarence. How'd you like to have been a fly on a wall in that lunch? Or a flea on the wall? Or you know, flea on a wall would be good. Flea in their pants. Oh, my God. Lee Feldman. Well, let me ask you something. Who, when is this Lee Feldman on here? Does anybody know? I don't know if he's on a year. I don't know. I don't know. What is he doing some part-time work? What is he doing? Clean enough? Part-time. I'm not going to put the studio back together again after they put like those UN baseball games on luck yesterday. And by the way, Clarence, I hate to break the news to you. George doesn't make that stuff up. Okay, for eight years this has been going on. Every time they use our studios to they hoard out to pull on those extra games on and farm it out to K.T. or somewhere, they come in and they turn our whole place upside down. All those settings are screwed up. It takes us the first half hour and a morning before we game and talk to each other. You jackass, Clarence. There is, see, this is the worst guy like Heathelberman says an MSNBC. You know, the worst person in the world. That's the worst person in the world in our general man. It's turned to key to the kingdom over to this jackass. This quizzling. You're fairer. Yeah. Him. What an idiot. And you invented an MSN thing. I don't want to let you know. I'll get all Ben out of shape about you. But you're the guy who invented him. You're like, you're like, Dr. Frankenstein. You invented this monster. And now he's just been turned loose and he's wreaking havoc on the entire place. I invented a lot of guys. Yeah. You invented two gods. It looked like we got, we got from that. Yeah. That was across the street doing anything you can to harm us. Just like Joel Fibre said. What a jerk. They'll do anything in the world of herders. Like a child. Like an overgrown child who's in terror life is based on his daddy's money. By the way, nice book there, Joel. Most of you never start with a, oh, at least you're consistent. Could put your audience into a teacup. And have room for the Chinese armies and ask left over in there. Joel. But they got that nice little spike there from the dolphins. You know, but they lost three and a half million dollars on last year. In fact, what was that line? He said in that story about he's the only guy to lose $18 million on a station that previously made money. Was that something like that? Yeah. How about a spot is proud? Yeah. I'm sure. Make daddy proud, Joel. Probably he's done such a jackass. Put Jimmy Siffle on there to do the dolphin games. Well, that's something Mr. Weaver. We're just talking about him yesterday. Mr. Weaver is rolling over in his grave. Here in that little pansy Jimmy Siffle is doing the dolphin games. Shrieking like a little girl. And I don't know how long this Ricky drama is going to go on here. Man, every day I keep looking to see if that, well, there's still talking. But a beat, but a group, put about. And you know, the, where the argos already in camp. Oh, yeah, there's season starts producing. Yeah. I think doing 15 or something like that. And nobody cares here. I mean, if you could, the level of interest in the Canadian football, they're going to scale up minus infinity. And tell me to heat loss last night's 92 to 88. That must have dreamed that. They made a heck of a run there at the end. I was getting a little bit nervous. I thought they might pull that baby out there. Way to hell down. They covered. I'm going to think about basketball, boy. Especially the NBA but college as well. The last two minutes of the game takes 40 minutes. That's true. Like 75 time outs and TV time outs and, oh, brother. Just a joke. But so you need not to clock every time. Maybe you don't have the, yeah, you really don't have to watch the game. You just watch the last couple of minutes. That'll take an hour. Well, Evan is doing some weekend work for Josh and maybe Lee Feldman Daniels, a free Feldman is doing your work. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. That's what George said this boy said. Yeah. He's blowing his lawn. I mean, that memo is not exactly a monument to memo writing. Yeah. In other words, it's not a memo to sell up management. Is that what you're trying to say? What's kind of weird. It's good. All these bizarre, all these sales. Well, I mean, we got how many sales people do we have now? About 30 men. I never worked in a place. It's like a boiler room, man. You're all sitting back there on a phone going through the phone book. You want to buy a couple of spots, dollar a hour? I don't understand what's going on. And see, and I know this is a, this is a really radical concept. I want you to listen to what I'm going to make a suggestion here. And then you see what you think of it. See, if I were calling the shots, what I would do is I get the programming straight now and make sure that we have, you know, a regular line up on every day and people are who's going to be on. I put the best possible line up out. Then I'd hire people to go out and sell the product. See what I'm saying? It's like an inventor. First, the inventive product. And then you hire people to go out and promote it or sell it or do something with it. Does that make any sense? Too much sense? Well, there was a sales problem here. No. Like, but the interesting part of it is most of the people that were the biggest part of that problem are still there. That's the sad part. In addition to all these other people, I'm going to read that memo on the end. I'll take a step till about 130 to stay afternoon. I'm so aggravated now. I might just go out somewhere to say, I don't want to say where. I might run in the other room now and call my cab guys. I can pick me up later. I'm just, I'm just, you know what I'm saying? You ever get that feeling where you just want to go and plunge your guts out just to get out of your system? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's how I feel right now. Look at your talking. What a question asked me. Yeah, I know, but I just wanted to get you to say it. Well, who knows? I mean, you know, you're in a different kind of gambling. You're that, or horse and around crab. That was my always my favorite line. Are we alive in a horse first? Well, seriously, are we alive? To share how my evil was when I was a kid going to the track the first time. Yeah, we alive. I said, what does that mean? In other words, is the horse you're bidding on trying to win you more on, oh, are we alive? And then is you tearing up the ticket, you're thinking, no, we're not alive at all. We're dead. Kind of like us here at QAM. No, we used to be alive, but now we're the ED. Clarence, I hope you rock man. I hope that the bird of paradise takes a huge wild diarrhea on your desk. You idiot, you quiz-ling. You fair, god. I'm hearing more and more stuff every minute of every day. This is, and he's just into the eye, you know, because after all, what does our show have to do with sports? He's going to be the reason I'm going to be making an early exit. When's your deal done? One year from the end. One year from December. Me too. No, you have more than enough. No, no, no, no. I'm looking at early retirement now. I want out. Oh, you see. Out. I'm not really thinking about it. I have 428 days in a wake-up. That's how we used to count down in the army. Oh yeah. 48 days in a wake-up. It was like jail. No, no, no. He's on the wall. Well, the good thing is Monday, we won't be on. Now, this show, we're at least trying to put our best foot forward. We got George and Josh. The court is going to be there for two hours anyway. But then we said, okay, go ahead and put the big go on there. Mr. Ego, Mr. Spanish Ego. Rock-solid. I think it's a ego in Spanish George. I think it's ego. Is it really? Is it ego-eating? So it should be the same. Get out of here. I'm leaving. I'll look it up. Oh. I think that's Spanish. Did you ask how to say ego in Spanish? Yeah. Orlando. Oh, excellent. Rock-solid. So we gave him those two hours. So we'd go out there and do his parents from some cardio. From noon to four. From noon to midnight. And they're going to do the whole show in S. body oil. No, no, probably no, no, no. I'm going to let him go. No, parla, English, the key. Sam, like, start. I put it all along. We're just a gather now. Nothing. I'll be doing heavy gambling on one day. Good. Very good. I think we're going to do some today. That's something to move right now. I'm going to make a run to the phone during our first break. Say, pick me up at 2 o'clock. I'll be ready. I'll be right at the door. I'm going to go punch my guts out. I'm gonna take a shotgun and blow up an at my sheen from the other day. Just just to take out my frustration with parents Dero. Oh God, Angel Bell and Joe Mama Well, I wish you lots of parallel bars, but just keep in mind. No forget about bars man Forget about bars five times five times wheel of fortune. There's four grand for you right there man How about three wheel of fortune for 166 grand? It's long. Do they have a pay one? Those since October they're long overdue come on coffee up out there you grave robbers Coffee up you know those places really have a license to steal I'm not that I need to tell you that good God Unbelievable and when you stop and think about it all the skimming that was going on because I always see those shows about the mob and Vegas You know on A&E and those are always fascinating But you see all the money that were skimming and they didn't need to do that because they had a license to steal the first place They were making so much money, you know and they still were so damn greedy and that of course This is why most of them got wound up in the slamer by Marine he was skimming. Yeah, look at Mo Green He was giving off the top now. He's just unlucky just unlucky You don't go to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Let me tell you right now. I wouldn't dare Do you know who I am Mo Green I mean my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders don't ever take signs with anyone against the family again ever Have a great weekend and plug your gosh man when a bundle all right You're gonna go do it. I'm gonna in fact I'm gonna go out with enough to hire a hitman I'll watch you know on Tuesday morning how much I need to maybe we can run enough to buy the radio station. Yeah Yes, good. Okay. See you. Bye Bye God, I'm gonna get a Guy We Simple position Yes, cool. Yeah, who is it? Incredible. Really? Yes. I don't know why people are making such a big deal about it. You really don't. I really don't. You really don't. Has anyone ever seen two girls kiss before? Well, I've been off most of America has on the right of his. Really? Yep, I'm getting it. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's incredible. Yeah. It's a good thing. It's a very good thing. Yeah. Good thing. That's the kiss of death. I'm kissing him off right now. Don't ever come in there again and talk to me. In fact, if he ever comes in there, I want to heads up on it immediately. All right. Cause I'll get up and walk out of the instrument to least gone. Remember like to was Fred O. Remember that? Right. Michael said, you know, he wanted to advance notice when he was going to come in here. Cause I'll be gone. 10 17 to 5 60 WQM. One big happy family. Baby, it's Friday, May 26. What does that mean? I don't know. But we'll figure it out. It means that Monday, I'm not going to be here. But George and Josh, see now, I have to say Josh, quarter, say every time. Like, why don't you just change your name? Why do I gotta do that? Well, because he won't. I mean, we've we've heard him as clearance. Yeah, it's all there. Okay. It's just what the honest understands. Could you sure I want to get a lump thing with a tub of crap like that? With a piece of walking turd like that? I'll say one thing, man. One thing at QAM. No other station in America is about a walking turd. If you're a cigar smoke, we're going to kick back with a good premium brand. I like to have a big fat one in your push. Then be here cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. He's hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, processed, aged up to 10 years. But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he a gold deflige here, blind gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider and nine plot one by smoke magazine. I'm still trying to figure out what it was that Gary Surner said this morning. You understand what he said? He said, by the boop, by the beer. This rich flavor to well balance full body, and a bitter, agar when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also be sure to try their may he had the sale, the hotter police cigar in the last 10 months. The the sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider. It's a big powerful cigar man. It'll just tear your kishki's out. The the sale has complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finishes long and full body with additional spice and no-to-chard wood. To get 40% off on all the hea cigars, Tom Neal Riders told you to call and call them at their toll free number. You're going to say 40% is for mentioning my name. Call 1-835 behier. That's 1-800-35BA-H-I-A. This is Neal Riders. This is 560-2A. God. Aaron Sculling presents, SPA HIPAA's TINZIM OF PINEL FROM CHIRP. It's Kirk Swant, McCoy and Sculli in Star Trek 902-10. Dudes. Like I've never been a past my intro to what speed is that. I'm going to plug out of the academy. How will I have to? I'm in 3-MAD. Not a miracle worker. Why don't you just sit next to us, Paul and she all by heaven and what? No. Thinking you can pass a test for us, study me. It is not logical. You, plenty of year, you can't. Star Trek 902-10. Space ships, study hall. And ships? Dudes. There's a hera. What a day. Let's go, cheddar up. Hey, Lassie. I stole some bromgeline ale from my parents. Come on, let's party. Oh, no, you dare. I don't understand why you guys constantly try to, as you say. Look up. What are you? Kay, or something? No, phones. That's suitable, my. It's Star Trek 902-10. Going boldly where no Star Trek franchise has gone before. Yeah! 1023-560-WM just a little bit of bad news from Iraq. It's good not the way like we do every day. There is no good news. They powerful bomb exploded today and now to a market in him and majority, she had part of East Baghdad. A million least. A million least. A million least. Yeah, I had people. And wounded. But, heard man. At least said. Well, I had. I like that. There's a rash Prime Minister expressed hope that two security posts could be filled within days. He's presbyte. They're thinking about it. Now comes the important part. Here comes this memo from Joe Bell to QAIM staff Ray Newhires from Joe Clarebell. This will take us till midnight. I want to welcome some new people to the WDQA in teens, Joe Bell. Obviously, as Mr. Gladhand, like I said before, and has nothing to do with the QAIM programming per se. He's handed the keys to the kingdom to Clarens. Speaking of Clarens, Darrell, I have two or three words for Clarens. Okay, you know what they are? I give up. Go to hell. Anyway, it says from Joe Bell, I want to welcome some of the, and I can't, and the norm I can't by the way was going to call me last night. Didn't call me. I wake up this morning. I went to bed around on 11.15, 11.30 last night. And it was no emails from anybody, because if there would have been, it would have come on my blackberry, you know. And I wake up this morning, there's an email. Well, I'm a home and awake now if you want to, I must probably put that on around midnight, you know, after you finish just scouring the neighborhood. So, useless as boobs on a pencil. I'll turn your one thing. If there were boobs on a pencil, a lot of guys have read it a lot more letters. I'm sure that. No questions. What a joke. So, I'm like out there on the limb. I'm thinking too, too more words. I got those three words for parents. I got two more words that are very, very pressing in my mind right now. I start standing after the conversation with the Humphrey just now. You know those two words are, I give up early retirement. Ah. Anyway, let's welcome all these people to our QAM team. Now, I'm sure the audience gets your speaking of pencil. Would it without the boobs on it? Get your pencils out and again pencil with the bigger race or on it. Remember in school where you stand those? Mm-hmm. Not just your regular little regular. Oh, the expert. You put it right over the regular race. Uh-huh. Avii Cleemo. So, you already know Avii as he's been here for a few weeks. Do you know him? I'd like to know him, but I'm not sure. Josh, you know Avii Cleemo? Never heard of him. Well, since you already know him, he's been here a few weeks. Avii is a Michigan Native and Michigan State alum. Well, what we do. Who comes to us from ESPN in New York? Avii is selling sports play by play. So, he's got nothing to do with us. Steve Sloan. Steve was a former local sales manager with 790 the ticket. And as a 15 year plus market veteran, never heard of him. Steve's got a strong background about TV and radio sales. He'll also be working with Ray. That's Ray Perry on the play by play side. So he's got nothing to do with us. I did meet him. Yeah. What do you say? He said, hey, how's it going? I'm Steve. Uh-huh. It's a bit start. Then he said, what's your are you with? What do you do? No, he actually, he walked in when George was in here. So, I was just sitting here and he introduced himself to me. Yeah. And he said, what are you doing in here? Said, I was listening to your show in the air today. I said, that's your show. When is your show on? Monday. Craig Dunneway, Craig is a beastly veteran. Having sold for 99 and X in four miles for six years, most recently in Virginia Beach, Craig will be joining the WQN spot team. And Ohio native Craig was in retail men's maybe forgetting in the radio ten years ago. And I guess now that he's a QM he's getting back out of it. Roy Seransky, like Avi, Roy joins us from Michigan where he's sort of Detroit for the last few years. Makes me think about, yeah, Roy has a radio veteran sold for some great stations, including WABC in New York. Roy is also selling on the spot side. He's selling spots. Now, would anybody hear why we get measles? He's selling spots. If he was a WABC, what else he doing at this do it? Evan Cohen. Evan is doing some weekend work for Josh. Not for QAM, not for the air staff, but for Josh. Little hedge clip. You may be aware of Evan as he is the PM drive host in the ESPN radio. 760 to Palm beaches. And Jim Sarny has the Sun Sentals got an Evan Cohen blow up doll. And then finally last but not least, Lee Feldman and in parentheses Daniels, because certainly nobody in Fort Myers wants to be known as Lee Feldman. You know what I mean? Oh, hey. Lee is also doing some part-time work, trimming the hedges. He doesn't say for Josh, but I haven't really, I guess. Lee was the PD Morning Guy for 99X in Fort Myers worked in 98 Rock and Tampa, and most recently was flee on Zeta. Do you remember you're welcoming our new additions? I do like that. He was the PD Morning Guy in 99X Fort Myers. Well, what else did the guy who was the PD Morning Guy in Fort Myers at a, and it worked in 98 Rock and Tampa, and was on Zeta. What's he doing to in part-time work on this station? Huh? We're talking, I'm loom scouring the schedule. I don't see his name on him anywhere. Have you heard him on the air air or seen his name anywhere? The flee? No, unless it was the guy, like the little pimped that came in here at two o'clock yesterday. Yeah, and what? I don't know who that guy was. I've never seen him before. Well, what did he say? He didn't have a long chain. He didn't say anything. Yeah, a long chain. He just walked in there and did what? Well, the guy that was running the game out of here yesterday at two o'clock. I don't know what he's doing now. But maybe we have the flee running the game is screwing up the board. And we're justing all of a sudden. Big hair, let chain, little body. Welcome to all our new additions to WQAM. I just remember one thing, Karen says the Eddie Christ. This is Neil Rosary. Rock solid. This is 516. It's for nothing. Absolutely. The picture is Neil. It is called. It is so freaking cold. And I cringe every time the wind blows. If you might bounce, something is shrinking. I'm so cold, I can't live single. Let's be called a zero baby. And I cannot feel my toes. There's a feeling in my fingers. You're fair. And my pride with parts of those. Welcome. Oh, my nose. He's about to fall. There's a cloud. Every time that I call. And my hands are blue. They are so new now. They might have you, they might have. Let's be called a zero baby. I can barely move my mouth. Oh my. I'm a red hot black in love. You're fair. You're fair. I need to be called a pound. And yet I need to be called a pound. That's the girls. I'd like to throw them up. I have to feel. Yeah, exactly. 10 35 25 to 11. Let's look at that line up today. Two o'clock. We got that sound. We got a radio two to four. We got guilty. We obviously got the naked pictures because we got an awful lot. That sound. I'm here lately. Magdog and quarterback in debut four to seven three solid hours of the man dog today. Market down. What was rare days. Marlins on deck seven o'clock tonight. Marlins host a metst tonight 735 at P.P. Park followed by the 80 camp on show. The Marlins hosting the mess. So that's where game Winnie Street is on. On against the ugly comes. I don't think it's going to go to four. No, me neither. Okay. That's a good thing. I'm going to go out there and I can't quite suggest you go out there and punch my gut set. Because that's a guarantee loss, you know? This because you get pissed off or earn aggravated. That's a good excuse to go gamble your gut. Don't think you're out on your money. Right. Exactly. Why should I do that? In addition to which I got to be watching every penny now. Now that I got this early retirement plans. Starting in a couple of weeks. Our poll from yesterday and again we want to apologize. Mike and Melbourne came up with us. Pulling it really was. It was a little bit weak. I tried to take the fall for Mike. But yeah, and he admits it. It wasn't a hostile or negative. No. Hey Mike, you know that poll. Excuse me, but I do believe that sounds like. Yeah. Anyway, if we had a mascot, it should be a fat Jew. For 163. Now what about, let's see. Let me look at that memo again. What about Lee Feldman? Oh, nice. He fat. Was he just short? What kind of. Look, I saw Guy yesterday that I didn't know. He looked like a police. Kind of. Yeah. I heard that Flee has done some Saturdays. Already. Here's the station. Wait a minute. Maybe that's Mitch Marsh. Craig Mitch. Possibly. You think? Probably. Yeah. Because that's what Joe Bell's gotten mind for QML. Where a Mitch Marsh. We've got 17,000 people on the staff now. So, you know, if I shut the deck to see who the house is going to be on. Who's on first and what's on when? And who's on your. Back home ass. Anyway, a fat Jew, 463. We should have plenty of those around. And a mebo or jellyfish would have been a better answer, but a mebo is okay. No spine. 250. A jackass 200. A bull because their fuller Schmidt to our 97. I hate this full 79. It cowardly lying 79. I didn't know if you burnt law and if salani Michigan a hundred years ago. So, I think you heard that guy from Michigan says just to try to pass it by me. A hyena who sounds high pitch voice 70. Goldfish 23. And a vampire bat for the blood sucking sales department 19. See, I hate to break the news to Mike and Melbourne. It's got to do with blood sucking ourselves the permanent. Just suck period. Although we do have those 45 new sales people now. We have no idea who any of them are. I'm sure you know, obviously, uh, uh, clema, whatever his name is. What's his name? Where's the name? He wrote it. How what does his name? Clemo. Uh, Abby Clemo. Oh, he's the Michigan State guy. Probably lived in, uh, Bigley Hall. I think as a girl's dorm. So that one here's today's pool, which we'll have. We got the thousand-lick doll ready. Who best fits this? A celebrity who became even bigger after their death. Even people who may have been very big during their life but became even bigger after death. Elevus 203 is there any doubt. He sold more records after he died than when he was alive. That's nice. For true 203. James Dean 194. And we're still scratching our heads and wondering what was the big the Simis with him. He made three movies. He made rebel a lot of cause. He used to be an giant. And I was it. And his acting was wooden at best in all three movies. And, uh, he's a huge 194. Merleman, Roe 93. Two-pack, 80. How's he doing? Oh, speaking of that. Kurt Colbaine. They made a movie about his death, not his life, but about his death last days. The worst movie ever made. Ooh. Possibly. Kurt Colbaine 58. But I do like to shot from the house. Cause he's, he's moving around in there. He's animated. Simi Hendrick 50. Ronnie Reagan 40. Class B movie actor. And a class Z president. Bunny Holly 31. Richie Vailons 26. La Bomba baby. La Bomba Grande. I bet you the big goes in press. Turned about Richie Vailons. Rock solid. Anything in his stupid. I think the big go out of a local Miguel. At least we like Miguel. At least we got a 206. Lenny Bruce 21. Jim Crowchie 16. Offer rate. Or he's good. Jim Crowchie was really good. Yes he was. And now he's there. Huh? I'm gonna put that in my iPod. Don't let me forget. All right. I'm gonna shut up. And the big bopper five. Shantilly Laced. I don't know if he really fits on there. Cause he only had Shantilly Laced. I think was his only hit. And who the hell? Who do you know whoever talks about the big bopper? Huh? The big bopper. Something up there in the sky. The big differ to the big bopper. Long chany in our part time. And the big bopper. Some more for parents. Come on. There he is. It's a copper. There's another way. But a whole bunch of music in here yesterday. Oh, good. That's a tough thing. Oh, you just leave tonight. Do I want? So the police are some more for parents. That's enough of the big bopper. Okay, let's not overdo it. Nobody knows who he is. He's doing some more for parents. I asked you with something to do with parents. Recto. Not really sure what it is. Maybe we got to call the people at riddance. You can't get that bug out of parents' abut. The flea on there. Ha ha ha ha. I'll tell you one thing, flea. You sure got a lot of company. I'm sure you already found that out. 1041, 19 before 11 o'clock. Monday man. We got an award winning deal. In fact, just let you guys off those two hours. I sold my sold of the devil to that big. Big O. So we can go make a few extra bucks. And we will. He will be doing his broadcast from it. Now, let's see. Is it going to be Gus Machado? It's going to be obviously some, uh, one of those kind of cardioers. You know what I mean? Somebody who's got a heavy Hispanic involvement there. At least in your name anyway. Because the big old we do in the show in Espanol from noon to four on Monday. That's that's the part of the new format. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. James A. So you forgot to mention we got to two bad pieces of news. We got to mention that Michael Hayden was confirmed by the Senate 78 to 50. Mr. Lucey for the CIA this morning. You forgot to mention it. And also we got, you're watching this thing about the shots fired at the Weber Knockers building and the Capitol is lying locked down now. No. But certainly I can tell you that the police officers that I thought. The little ball brothers and on the issue. The board that shot score. No, it's the Dana Bank. He's the D.R. The little ball brothers. He's not building right now. Right. I'm in the Capitol building. I'm in the building that you're looking up on the D.R. Dana Bank. Oh, shots fired. Again, the Rayburn building is in separate building. But they're all connected by tunnels underneath. A tunnel. Here's a girl from teen Rogers for our poll today. We're going to put this last thing on there. We're going to put this last thing on there. Jesus Christ. No, just Jesus. Ram. Is that of course a rural land or like he'll think it's his use. Think they're staff. We call of us from the Capitol. Close to the Senate office building. Well, we'll keep our eye peeled on that because you know how newsy we are. We're trying to land the oil for a copy. The years now, sir wars. That was on one. The Bayons of the two Jews. Early Skywalker. Larry one can open and mo two D2. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. 1047. I'll be picking on them all my two men. Shot fired in the Rayburn office. So, I'm hustling in the Capitol. Is it locked down? The world is coming to an end. Chickens are peeing like crazy. They got one leg lifted up in the air. It's going to be a floodman. Look on. Or somebody I know would say, my, my, my, my look on. I have a pedal. I'll be able to go. But there are a lot of police officers that are always a station active complex. A lot of them. So, that's done a bash, by the way. The one with the shracking head. Yeah. The little busher lover with the shracking head. That looks like the runaway bride. Right. With the bitter eyes. Pock doesn't cause cancer study fines. Oh, no. We know that cigarettes. So, those targets cause lung cancer. That's a question about that. Right. Even have the skull on the crossbones on a package. The pot causes lunges. The largest kind of it's, well, that's, that's very strange. And after them, I'm going to sit for the umpteen time. You know, knowing that I'm part of you think that have some edible food there, but they don't. The largest study of its kind is unexpectedly concluded at smoking marijuana. Even regularly and heavily, George, there's not lead the lung cancer. Thank God. The new findings were against their expectations. They said, Donald Taschkin, University of California, LA, a pulmonologist who was studied marijuana for 30 years. We have prophesies there. You know, we say that. You and Norma Kent. You're just studying marijuana. That's right. Studies are. God, what's his name? Just the, uh, who was studying your kidney porn. Gary Glitter. Oh. We have prophesies there would be a positive association between marijuana use and lung cancer. That the association would be more positive with heavier use. He said, well, we found instead was no association. It all, and even a suggestion of some protective effect. You should have read that last sentence again. Could you think I need to take it up a notch? Wow. What we found instead was no association at all, and even a suggestion or some protective effect between marijuana use and lung cancer. How do you like that sports fans? Maybe it has antioxidants. Federal health and drug enforcement officials have widely used Taschkin's previous work in marijuana to make the case that the drug is dangerous. Taschkin said that while he still believes marijuana is potentially harmful, it's cancer causing effects to be of less concern and previously thought. His study funded by the National Institutes of Health, National Institute and Drug Abuse involved 1,200 people in LA who had lung neck or head cancer, and initial 1,040 people without cancer matched by age sex and neighborhood. They were all asked about their lifetime use of marijuana to back when alcohol. The heaviest marijuana smoke was at little more than 22,000 times. That's probably just this week. While moderately heavy usage was defined as smoking 11,000 to 22,000 marijuana cigarettes, Taschkin found that even the very heavy marijuana smokeers showed no increased incidence of the three cancers that were studied. So everybody just light up a big fat one right now. Before we had all been out of shape about clearance, zero and Joe Bell and Bruce Beesley and the banjo of blood, group pain can all these other things that just destroy our lives. They're in the case. Normal cancer and won't and don't. The capital for the man. The guy firing a garage of the raber and house office building. The garage. I think it was Allen's spouting done it. I got to go through a little bit of the geography. I want to go through geography. I really want to go through geography. I really want to stop for time until something. You're not fooling us for a second. Not for a mini second. You're not fooling us. But I beat by the book. They're totally over Gary Sarner routine now. They're doing the old verbal tap dance. They're tapping on it. Speaking of what I was telling the huffer there about renewing his driver's license online, which is one of the biggest forces in history. I mean, stop and think about it. I'm going to say it again for the empty time. My mother had her driver's license renewed for six years in the mail. Not online obviously because she didn't have no computers. She just mailed it in. And she was like 84 years old when she done her 85. Isn't that beautiful? No eye test. They didn't know whether she was deaf, dumb, blind, quadruple amputee. Anything. What if she was just a lump on a seat like Kate Smith in those final days? They had no idea. And they sent a recistory renewal to the age of 85. And that lovely. L'Ozine, America, maybe only in Florida with your fan ask governor. Now speaking of that, Wellington, New Zealand. Remember what I was telling you about that movie? That's right. From New Zealand what was it called? Odd G's. That's still happening. For a good hurry. But John Parker was in it. Not Bob Barker. John Barker was in it. The locals. Very good. How did you know that? He took behind the head of the house. Yeah, I see him. Wellington, New Zealand, armless man stopped for speeding. Was driving with one foot on the steering wheel and another on the pedals. A policeman testified in court. How right. Sounds like Florida to me. Collins Smith, who was born without arms and has never held a driver's license appeared in court last. Let's say yesterday. Charge with driving in a manner likely to be dangerous to the public. Likely. Not necessarily, but could be. The police officer who stopped Smith said the driver seat was reclined and the armless man appeared to be using one foot to steer the car. And the other to work the accelerator and brake. Smith, 31, entered no cleavage. He would defend himself against the charges. He told the court he'd been driving for years using his feet to steer and never had an accident. How do you like that? Amazing. Yeah. Probably grass better than most of you. Bozos and South Florida were driving on both arms and both legs. And a part-fried and a fair tree. Yeah. Certainly can't drive worse. Oh, wait. Let's see if there's some more assignment here at the Arriba office building in a parking garage. Which level does gunfire shop for? I knew it then. Right. Right. On the third level of garage, this is actually the top floor and an American towards the lower. I'm told by staff that there is a hiring range of the staff that's fully somewhere in the Rayburn basement. Yeah. I'm not the one. There's a firing range in the basement. I'm the regular. I'm the regular. I'm the regular. I'm the regular. Think there's a connection. But you're in lockdown as well. Correct. Okay. John, are you feeling with that John King? Yes, I am. Let's talk about a couple things here. First of all, I'm going to put that in that. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a little, a little backfire, a little a sloth over from the river. It's like to be here gunfire for the firing range. No, God forbid. Or maybe it was the backfire of a car in the, you know, trying to start a car in the parking garage. It's called panic man hysteria. That's what they want you to do. Get all hysteric. Probably a terrorist act. No doubts. Probably Osama Yamama's in there in a Rayburn building. When you think? I've said there's just as much chance that he's in there as he's in Pakistan. Wait a minute. I still believe he's on a French Riviera. We got him hold up a nice maybe the, what's Carlton or something? Uh huh. Wining and dining and that what is 18 rides and an 85 kids and just have a sweet, a swallow. Think he's been some of the beach, you know, catch a raise. You think he wouldn't say. Right. Eight hundred and seventy three votes on a pole man. We'll have that thousand by noon and then we can really. Breathe in. Breathe in. Easy. Right. Breathe something. Who best fits this? Celebrity who became even bigger after their death. How can we even put Jesus on there? But he did. Josh. Well, he meant to put it on there. That's almost. Josh. He's over there. Put it on right now. Jesus Christ. Jesus. He's on there now. Man. Oh, man. Consuming the fact. I'm thinking it doesn't take three people to do this show. That's a corner said. I'm thinking one. You know, Clarence seriously. There's a special corner of hell. And you are going to rot there for eternity. Hopefully very soon. You are one of the most evil. Backstabbing. Do put this little weasels. And what would you expect for a guy who like to bunk up with the rubber creeper every night? What is it? What do you expect? Backstabbing. Evil. Do put it as lying sack of knowledgeless crap. Look, we did the tough man. He stuck him where it hurts the most. No, no, no, no. So we're about it. Yeah. Eight hundred and seventy five votes. Bigger after death and during life, Elvis is because he was during life. He is, I mean, there's slup in a gray slam that like great. To 115. To these still there. You know, just like that horrible record that they put out. What was that thing called? Oh, my God. I don't understand. Oh, what a piece of swill. Team's dean to online. Couldn't act as well out of a paper sack. Hey, Jimmy. You fair. That's for both teams. Dean, and Jimmy. You're one on roll one. One. Two pack 82. Kurt Cobain 65. Jimmy, only the shape of only the complex has been changed to perfect the girly. Jimmy, Hendrix, 51. Getting darker again. Ronnie Reagan 41. Are you know, to something interesting? That two pack Kurt Cobain, Ronnie Reagan, there's like shootings involved in three of those there. Uh huh. Jimmy, Hendrix, he died from what he died from. I think he choked on his own vomit. No. Buddy, Holly. In other words, he threw up a little on his mouth. Not in the 33. Triple A lot. Richie Vellon's 28. He makes me throw up. Lenny Bruce 22. Just they just destroyed him. They destroyed him, man. Eight as they did him. Jim Crowchie 16. Janice Droughtton 10. The big buffer six. And Jesus already's got a pair. This is Neil Rodden. Very nice of him. This is five 16. James A. This is the Neil Rodgers show. This is your point. Any question? I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Move. Go, go, go! Go, go, no. I'm going to take you to your life I'm going to your, your time of peace I'm going to your time of peace I'm going to your, your time of peace I'm going to your, your, your time of peace I'm going to your, your game of peace I'm going to your, your, your, your, your I'm so good to play with me, yeah We're doing it, we're doing it we're doing it We're doing it, we're doing it, we're doing it Nine hundred ten votes on a poll, man We got that thousand we got it leaked and the pool too. Love it all five of you and we got guilty. And to a clock you can't look him. Is that any QAM hello? I'm Benira. Yes sir. You know this is what you need to get to Iranic that I'm coming on after that last song because I think it was sixteen years ago when you're on that other station or fourteen years ago when I bought up the difference between cigarettes and marijuana and the Y1 kills and the other does not. Yeah. The main reason is that nicotine paralyzes these little tiny things in your lungs called micro-zilli and those are what we have. The death and particulates in your lungs so you smoke, you smoke, you cigarette and all your micro-zilli gets stoned and right down and all the crap who is in the world who loves you long and as. So the question is you want to get stoned and you want your micro-zilli to get stoned. That's the question. Exactly. And I just thought it was just you know, ultimately I arrived because there was a run in medical school cause report that I brought up in 94 talking to you when you were still with Rick and Surtz and they said exactly that that they were studying vegetarian rostafarians of the North Coast of Jamaica which you know is ideal group to study. If you're going to study something like that. Yeah. Come on. So anyway, play a gogo for me and have a good day. Okay. And smoke a fat one for Jesus. I'll wait. Okay. There you go. See there's a good call and that's not press our luck. All right. Absolutely. This is working out so much better than I've dreamed in my wildest dreams it could. You know, too bad early retirement in my plans. I just sent a email to Norma Ken if she ever gets out of court and gets around. Oh, and as Bobby Burr raised his hand in screaming. I've got to be better than I thought about. And meanwhile, there's still investing in the sound of gunfire in the shooting range. There will be like saying people on the side of the shooting of the filming of Gunsmoke are investing in the sound of gunshots. And the cowboys were cited. Yeah. We better investigate that right now. It's a good diver. We'll get to pass this on the case. Do it to King 3rd mind off the fact that the Senate confirmed they rolled over and played Dead Michael Hayden. This Nazi bastard is the new C.I.H.E.E. 78 to 15 was the vote. Overwhelming. 919 votes on a poll will have like I said by noon. We'll have that thousand will have it lit and then we can all go home. You're right for this long holiday weekend. For some of us, some of you guys got to work just a couple of days there a month. All right. We'll figure our way through it. If you play your cards right, maybe you can move far enough to flee or somebody like that. Oh, I got a player of a case. Oh, I got a player of a case. Oh, I got a player of a case. Yes. It's none of the people on the list that we're talking about, but apparently the little Pimp that came in here at 2 o'clock yesterday, his name is Rob Walker and he's a part timer who's still in high school. Robert W. Walker? No, but I think that's his son. Oh. Rob Walker who's a Pimp who's in high school. Well, he looks like a Pimp. Oh, he dresses like a Pimp. How about that? Oh, my God. Why don't you say it. If you look at his life, I see him look like a clown chaney. He is a long chaney. Hey, long one on? Yeah. When Brad bigger of Cool Springs open the letter dressed in from the Broward County election office Wednesday and he found a new voter ID card for his wife is why I've got one for their daughter and the daughter got one intended for a Deborah Bigglier. By the way, yes, something total of three backs of this story this morning. Listen, I got this stuff. I'm on top of my crap. Okay. Just don't worry about it. Now, we appreciate your interest, and we're very newsy. We got in the gunfire when a shooting range in the irreverend building, okay? We got police said doing target practice. And two bad day in a bench wasn't one of them. Well, what's this all about settling to get a blackberry message put in front of you said as says there's gunfire in the building? That was represented in Peter Hauser just a few minutes ago interrupting a house and tell it. I just calm down. You're all sent about to nervous, Nellie's man. There's a lot of gunfire going on in Iraq and I'll see any of these people from Congress over there. Anyway, get back to this story. All across Cross-Fraiz and Parfine voters whose last name is Beginner Letters A or B receive the ID cards of relatives, neighbors, and cross-down residents rather than their own voter registration card. Another big screw-up, another F-up. The cause was a may-room glitch that resulted in up to a thousand people receiving the card for the next person alphabetically and Browards of the voter registration rules. How do you like that? Elections or officials caught the problem before it struck the third letter of the alphabet, but it left behind a new headache for the Orphus. For some the follow-up received bad memories of revived bad memories of Miriam Old France to most of his tenure and his elections supervisor, even the grueling 2000 presidential recount. For others it raised fears of identity theft. But all the voting problems I haven't trusted the voting system anyway, Bigger said. Now we find we are getting the right voter registration cards and makes you wonder what's nice. You might say that they register the voter registration problems are getting bigger and bigger. When Epicute, the name is spelled B-I-G-G-A-R. Rather, be a bigger than a beggar. The four members of Arlene Boe-Mell's family also received the wrong cards where there has been getting the one meant for Elise Boer and he said don't call me Elise. It evases me that nobody picked up on this area so that it is being printed Boe-Mell said. Elections supervisor Brenda Snipes must be a Browards 1000 in voter new cards before this false election season because the state took over the voter rules to sign new ID numbers to each person. Oh no. Since my last name begins with a B, it winds up by as me if I got one sign for like surely a Broward. Snipes asked her office his longtime mail processor commercial printers of Pompeo Beach to Melalikards over the next few weeks. Snipes spoke to him and Mary Kuni said the mail machinery was skipping somehow and inserting voter cards of the wrong downloads. It was the bad mail my machinery money got a bad machine again. She said commercial printers has accepted responsibility for the problem about 100,000 cards of the mail. And officials are confident the problem is limited to the 33067 and 33071 zip codes. That's the cool springs I guess. Is that right, Josh? What is it again? There's two in springs. 33067. No. And 33071. Yes, 717. See what I just said. It's very isolated Kuni said. Still, cool springs resident Robert Beeman. He makes a hell of a chewing gum, by the way. Isn't happy that he received Raymond Bees ID card and somebody else got his. It seems like they really screwed up Beeman said the card has all due information out and now somebody else out there has got it. Then the election, I was asking him. We're saying a wrong card to call 954 3577050 to report the error and new cards will be mailed up. 3954 35770303535353535. I like that. More and more screw ups. Of course, I don't live in cool springs. Where near there is. You need to do you. You need to judge any more. And Josh better than well, vote this November. I will not. We'll not what. I will not be voting. And why is that? You got me all wrapped up in the last time. And I got it's way too frustrating. It's way too frustrating for what? It's just a bunch of hook I'm gonna. That's what it is. What the hell is that mean? It's way too frustrating. Why? Because your man didn't win, is that it? Yeah, but you know, you kind of get emotional with it and it's a very frustrating thing. You know, there are two words that come to mind. Two words for me, early retirement and two words that come to mind for you. You know what they are? What's that? Emotional cripple. I mean, if voting and not voting for the winning candidate every time, if you become that emotional about it, you need some assistance, Mr. You should see how I get what it's teemless. I just can't believe it. You mean to say with all the stuff that's going on right now, you're just gonna look the other way. Yeah. Be your word could be your one vote, though. You know vote that puts all right one. We're legit, we're just not in there. It just undoes all of our freedoms and we probably can't even continue doing the show. Probably have to play Hungarian Mizzercas for the next couple of weeks I'm gonna be here. Early retirement. Just keep thinking that to yourself. Just keep mouthing and I know I am. EM, RER, true it. Yeah, R. Bastards. And it especially includes Clarence Darrow, man. I mean, the stuff that I'm hearing from, even the fleek came in and told me stuff about Clarence that I didn't know before the fleek. Peeze of Tird. And of course, you know, Clarence enjoys tighter than a snared rum that two of them. There is tight as it gets. Peas and a pod. Join at the hip and the lip. And even I hear at the back of them, that's when I'm hearing. It's almost memorial day. It's coming Monday and it's time for those mattress and furniture stores to run their annual phony sales. You know, the sales were they double the price and they say, hey, we're gonna give you half off. Well, what kind of a deal is that even Mouthing Hall is wencing? Good Canadian boy, Mouthing Hall. Always time money driving around shopping for mattress and don't waste a lot of that expensive gas. Save like never before when you call dial-matters right now at 1-800 mattress. Their prices are lower than the mall store is even during the malls so-called half-off sales. Don't forget now. Only dial-matters deliver from 8 in the AM till 10 in the PM every day. Same day delivery is still available and you choose you day in time with it to our one of that convenient for you and they show up. That's why all these things put together the right number one of the world for the best customer service in the business. I've been using them for years and believe me, I wouldn't think to call anybody else. Dial-matters carry only the top foods too. They have the complete line of silly and certa. Simmons King Coil, 10 for Peter concerns and foster hewitt. When you call 1-800 mattress here's the deal. You get best prices on the best brands, the most incredible delivery deal going anywhere and service like you can't believe. So what's not to like? Pick up the phone right now, give her that lumpy, bumpy, smelly soil old mattress and get you a great night sleep for years to come. Beware those annual half-off sales. They're here. Their phone is a $48 bill. Do the smart thing instead call 1-800 mattress or log into their website, mattress.com and sleep like a baby tonight on a great new mattress and dial-matters at an unbeatable price. 1-800-MATTRES leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes. This is a new Roger's Rock Solid Lips is 516 Q-Face. I've 60 WQAF, your headquarters for Tape Interviews with dumbass criminal athletes. The station that turned to for sport-holse weavers. Followed by a mushmouth dumbass. Sound like anyone you know. And if you think they're unintelligible just because of the phone. 1-No Charlie Radio. 516 WQAF. K-Darings are a demographic of underreducated degenerate gamblers loyal to wealthy closet gay Republicans who still live with their mother and are too cheap to buy anything anyway. I like your back. You're dead. Oh, hey, what a game last night, huh? Yeah, you're right interview on WQAF. He said, look, look, look. What a great home radio. Is that anyone there? Why we're going out of business? WQAF. K-Darings are a demographic of underreducated gamblers loyal to wealthy closet. Yeah. You jacked out. You turned. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. My job business. I can't put bugging us with those illegal phone calls. We're going to sue you. Let's sue everybody today. Those are going to be my nickname. I'm going to show you their boy name. Do it. And sue it. As in. You're fairie. Yeah. If you want to talk to like leave everybody alone. This is probably the parents television counsel. I'm going to just a fancy name for a bunch of censoring right. 1,800, 6, 7, 9, 0, 3, 3, 6. I'm putting that right in my save it pile right there. Put it in my piles. And in my files because it sounds really vile. Thanks a lot. We're hard to wherever you are. I want to keep her anonymous. Okay. I'm not saying it. 9, 83. Boy, what did I tell you? And I said we'd have 1000 votes by noonish. 9, 87 already. They're coming in nice little bits and chunks. And in noon, the capital police and Washington DC, but all the news conference. And we'll find out who's been naughty. Nice, the bits and a lot. And so do I. Hold a news conference in noon. Well, what can they just give us the fast like Jack Web for Christ. So what does everything have to be a news conference? That's America for you. Man, Zion America. Everybody has a news conference. Homeless sluffers out on streetcours. They have a news conference. To announce that, you know, you got to use fair change, Mr. And have an I stay. It's about the only negative to everything here, man. Is it too many than sluffers out there. I'm gonna have a panhandler. Sparrow some change? Well, okay, that's okay. You have a nice day, eh? Feel like turning around and saying, up here is your dead beak. Get out of the street and put some clothes on. 989 vote. Imagine pressed. We're going to be for the end of the break. Why? I was going to say no, that money now. I'm having a break down. I'm just not the money from that big lawsuit. BL, B, F, L, Big fat lawsuit. This is Neil Rogers. I'll write this. This is 516, Ph. It's Friday, you bastard. I guess I'll go down. Go down. Peter, make it go. Go down. It's 744-16, it'll know my god, Geldey. Who was this pierced right through the speakers in your radio at 2. I had about a quarter-deck and David 4. And then you're Marlins in the Metz Call of the World Famous at Capron Show. So they had some penetrating interviews with some people out there near the US capital. And you see the one where the guys said, they said, you see or hear anything unusual? You heard gunshot? No. The capital police run around. Oh, so how much of police run around? And they came up and they said, who you and what are you doing? Another net. Nothing. And they're showing off. Look at that. A lot of police. Yeah, much of a friend meet on a year ago. Shotbeam fired anywhere on Capitol Hill. But a lot of people out there. Like a whole lot of people outside and police cars. And look at that. There's a mail trucks. Oh, don't tell me they're going postal. Now you're the one that started the yesterday. You can very upset. Yes, sir. Hopefully be open. Great. No. Go back up your word. How long do you think something like that would take as they narrowed down the Jeep? No, you know how whiny she's gotten since he murdered that fat ass pill popping a Hiffer-grating liar? Yes. I have no real whiny. Can you imagine what a crazy one's taken? Now that she's Mrs. Limbaugh. We got a thousand and five. I've also on a poll already. We got it. Look. I think we can go home now. I think it's the coast is safe. I think on Tuesday, I'm starting my music show as a way of. All right. You got your pod. Yeah, that's right. I'm holding on. What's my pod got to do with it? When you get a pod, it gets you all excited about music because you've run out to get bunch of stuff. But that's true. Yeah. That's true. Well, here's one that doesn't make any sense to me from my head. The facts are for our poll today. Could it pull? Jimmy, do me half of it. Don't put it on there. I know what it means, but I don't agree. No, I mean, I see he's only looking at these recent news stories where they're digging and digging. Did they find anything? No, no. They're still digging. No, I'm trying to damn things. I found some old chicken bones. They dug up half of the farm. They found a key of sea bones from what's his name? The great Ahmed Khan. And they found a couple of pieces of his who-side shuckled very in their women. But I've been that. That is such a great scene. And since he's so good, Lorraine Hubs, a badass, Connie. Right. Well, we can't say it no more. We can't say much of anything. And now that we've got both the OSN and the program director working in Conquerasion of the Vettermen of this program, I say, Sue their ass. I'm going to Sue him. I'm going to Sue her. I'm going to Sue everybody that I'm always in the building. Except you guys. And I'm even thinking about you. I go, you guys, you can have it all. Yeah, that's right. And look at Josh, man. He's got some heavy duty cash in the way. Probably in the freezer. Probably all I'm money who I'm betting against the Marlins. Yeah, I'm going to do that. So, you're out. I'm going to get a bonus. Look at this. I'm looking to see if there's a response to my email. Nothing. As usual. I just asked her on the towel. She said, you're going to be a white flag and plain Elvis in surrender at the end of the day. I wave the white flag in surrender. I just give up until I get. I'm going to hire Roy Black. I think he's a good attorney, isn't he? Black Roy. No, Roy Black. You know, the guy himself ordered a attorney. Uh huh. I'm going to hire him and who's that out of the guy? Kindle in the cup of coffee from Starbucks. Don't hire Ellis, really. Uh, and I'm not going to hire him or I'll do about 40 years. Yeah, even at my age. Hey, Ellis. Hey, Ellis. I've been thinking your defenses are really sticking. Man. You are just amazing. A military speaking of people need defense. A military investigation of the dance of two dozen Iraqis last November is expected to find that a small number of Marines in Western Iraq carried out extensive unprovoked killings of civilians. Congressional military and Pentagon officials said yesterday. Extensive and unprovoked killings of civilian nights. They can fight. They're not bringing us to flowers and candy that we were specterating. What are going to the voice of uh uh because when the Capitol police tells you to run. Yeah, they know nothing. Two lawyers involved in discussions about individual Marines defenses said they thought the investigation of the resultant charges of murder a capital offense. That possibility and the emerging details of the killing of race fears that the incident could be the greatest case involving this conduct by Murphy Brown forces in Iraq. Officials briefed on preliminary results at the inquiry said the civilians killed at Haditha, a lawless incision played city deep in. Soon he dominated and bar province. Judged from a makeshift bomb as military police arrived first tried to uh settle around across through. and coming inside at least two homes that included women and children and the story goes on at great length. You see, if this, if this would happen in the inside of borders of America, we'd be talking about, oh yeah. Those barbarians, those spineless, gutless, cowardly barbarians, those third world slime balliers, like that, you know, outrageous, exactly. But if our people do it, which they shouldn't be there in the first place, well, then it's, you know, the pressures of war and the body, you know, all right. We'll find some technicality. Capital police holding a news conference at noon. There was something, you know, going on and involved me. And all these people are talking to, they don't know, Schmidt from Shinole, a man they know nothing. They haven't got a freaking clue. All they're doing is like stalling for time. Just like we're doing it. Well, not least we got, least we got some crap of our own anyway. As opposed to spending all the time speculating about what that was all about. They were discussing immigration, man. I still think it was somewhat hostile, beiner. Probably somebody that worked there. Michael Jackson's compound. Oh, I'd speak it a more bad news for over there. Might as well spill it all out here, huh? Why the hell not? Get it out of the way. Bizarre in the south of Iraq is beginning to splinter under increasing violence and sectarian divisions, smuggling a royal on a large scale, coupled with increasing violence, and the lack of basic services like water and electricity has caused increasing tensions in the city, 570 kilometers, it's about 400 miles south of Baghdad. More than 100 civilians have been killed in Bizarre so far this month. Residents are appointed to finger at the governor and the British military which occupies the city. Now here comes the operative paragraph, okay? Before the recent spade of killings, Bizarre had it reputation as one of the most peaceful cities in archipyterak. The British military whose 8,000 soldiers in Iraq controlled Bizarre were considered by many to be more humane than the American counterparts. But when thousands of residents stood for the streets earlier this month, the protest, high unemployment corruption in the governor's office, the British attacked the demonstrators with helicopters and fighters responded. They shot down a helicopter, Assad, Karine, President of Iraq, oil, or Ukrainian ambassador of the whole IPS. It was real resistance, they shot it down because the British were supporting the governor and shooting at the people in demonstration. And the governor didn't stop the British from bombing the demonstration, and so that's his responsibility also. I visited Bizarre last year and I've seen piles or mountains of garbage in the city said Osmod Ali Al-Jawahari, the North American representative of the Iraqi trade union movement. The sewer system is destroyed, the water system is not adequate, even clean water is not there, electricity is not up to expectations. At that time we were getting three hours a day, now you're getting 30 minutes, 30 minutes. About 30 minutes? Maybe one hour a day, which is way, way worse than it was before. So far at least seven British soldiers and 100 Iraqis have killed in the Bizarre in Bizarre. And police are still investing in, I think we'll do the same thing we did yesterday, we'll do the break a little bit earlier, so I'm a little hand-hissed to begin. And of course they will hold a press conference on time, no, they never did. I think in that during the last break, is there ever been in the history of the human race ever in this neighborhood? I think there ever been a press conference that was held at the right time on a supposed to be held. Never. And of course there's one thing I always wonder, and that is why. Yeah, just like I wonder why we have to put up with the clearance. And that's because, and you want to know why? Because he's got his head up to us as an ass, that's why. And because dual bell is too much of the cowardly lines. In fact, he ever seen dual bell and the bird lard together, same guy. As opposed to sitting down, Clarence and saying, listen, you jackass, you've simply been you, you've grizzly, you've spores nerd and not worried that, but also, you've fared that too. Cut the crap. Put him back on a sports desk man, make him by a sports producer again. And I think those sports shows, I think they need more than two people on each show, right? No, kind of. I'll think that one. I'm going to fucking board off that saw. Board off can run the boards, created calls, they got a whole different set up than we got. So, in 2020 votes on a pool, man, I am so proud. That's more people than we got listened between three and four altogether. Believe me, especially on certain days. Those are the days. That's where Mary Hopkins said, who best fits this? Say, celebrity who became even bigger than ever after their death. Even if they were real big during life, somebody who just blew up like a big balloon. Mary Hopkins just came. I think she's dead. She must see that big though. Thousands, twice we votes. Elvis 244, how can you beat the king? James Dean 222, Merlin Monroe 109. Two pack 91, Kurt Cobain 65, Jesus 61. Jesus is moving up the list. And we get to the top of the list or the top of the cross. That's what I said to them. I'm sorry. Jimmy Henry 53, Ronnie Reagan 50, Ronnie Reagan was he a president or what? Oh my god, Esmerra president. Funny, Holly 37, Ricky Bailey in 28. But whatever he said, La Bomba. But La Bomba, La Bomba, yeah, was it? Let me boost 26, Jim Crochi 17, can't just drop in. Boy could he put out a quarter of an ounce of sound. La Bomba, La Bomba, La Bomba, La Bomba. A lot of sound, it just wasn't music. And the big buffer, Solomon, they see it. This is the new rock for Uncle Say4. This is 5.62. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8-M. The more you're done, the more you're done. This is consistent with your time. With the perfect balance. With the perfect balance. The actual future. I like the fight to be fair. But I'm not going to put this on sale. I'm not going to sell it. But we serve the entire adventure. So we only go to the police who we both would be just. This is the new world we should get there. You'll have to wear it. You'll have to try to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. You'll have to keep our price in the table. Brother volunteers 46 and Double EMP credible vre The scope of sell for money. You'd have to pay 500,000 euros for purchase for money. Boss. Hey. How many bottles should we take? I was a quarter-day company. Right, looks really serious to me. So anyways, we can really serious. Yes, I call that 800 number. And the guy didn't want to tell me who he was. So I said, is this an illegal operation? Is this a boiler room? What is this? Why don't you want to tell me who you are? Oh, no, no, no. We're the Dove Foundation. So I Googled them. Dove.org and it says a censorship group like the AFA and the FFA and all those other unnoticed. And the parents teach you a job. And they've got a list of Dove approved movies that you can choose from. Well, who, who, who, how are they? Well, they don't go down. They don't go down. They go down. Because we can get a little online survey that you can take and reviews of movies. Oh, who the hell is this bitch? I think we're ready. I think we're ready. I think we're ready. We're going to talk to them now. We're starting and everyone. My name is Sergeant Kimberly Schneider. I'm the public information officer for the United States Capitol Police. At 10.30 this morning, we received a report of shots fired inside the Rayburn garage. At this time, we can see you can investigate. We do have tactical scenes inside the building. I'll take any questions at this time. I do anticipate holding additional briefings. That's nice. I'm going to ask. I will take questions at this point. Oh, I'm pressed down. I'll be very many because the information is still coming in. It's a congressman involved in any fact that this is. I don't have that information at this point. I know that. That has nothing confirms. Man, my head on your radio, but they talked about a suspect. I think. Part 11 and 6 feet. Is there a suspect you guys have? I don't have any suspect information at this time. This is the best. This is the epitome of what it's all become, man. This is the immediate for you. Look at the look. Like that. They're reports of a shooting. They have a gotten no suspect. They didn't find no gun. They don't know. They don't know what tell us going on. It's going to go on on hour and a half. This is a capital police, by the way. But they probably thruffed up a couple of black congresswoman. You want to weigh in. When you think? I would have acted. Yeah. And she'd be probably slugged him in the side of the head. All that more bad news and the long-the-same vein is that other crap, man. Oh, what does it stop? As many as seven Marines are accused of dragging an innocent Iraqi man from his home in April, killing him in cold blood and then trying to cover up a crime court in B.C. News. Well, he shouldn't have done whatever he was doing. Further military officials to L.N.B.C. that at least one of them reigns as reportedly confessed in the killing, saying they find the allegations especially disturbing because the case appears to have been a pre-meditated killing and not carried out in the heat of combat. The revelations come on and heels of a visitor rack by the combat down the US Marine Corps to address concerns that Marines are becoming indifferent to killing in death. The alleged incident occurred April 26, the Marines are accused of dragging an innocent man from his home shooting him to death and planning an 8K-47 rifle on a shuttle-nice to his body and apparently to make him look like the man who had been burying an I.E.D. one of the roadside bombs have been so deadly to the US forces in Iraq. As many as 19 Marines have been returned to Camp Pendleton in California, depending investigations. The new allegations mean that the US military is now investigating two separate incidents in which Marines are accused of killing innocent unarmed Iraqi civilians. Where are those candy and flower people? Where are the flower children? We probably killed them. The rain is not going to be fast for the war. That's being investigated this time as well. The rainburn garage does house a firing range. What is your dad and all the staff are currently in a rainburn range? Staffers have been instructed to stay inside of their offices. They've been instructed to stay inside of the building at this time. I'm going to tell you this is about as informative as a frog's part in a windstorm and it's just incredible. What we're bleeding from her. Oh, it's a press briefing though. Yeah, I'm sure we'll have many more of these same things. Good. Good. Good. Colleem is Molly. How many QAM? Hello. Nail. Yes sir. How you doing, Mike? Okay. I'm hanging. All right. Good. And I was trying to call a couple of days ago. They're so seeing over the counter called Mucinex that works really well for getting rid of the flame. Yeah, it's not a TV little tip there. And a question? No, it's on me. I tried to get a holy event on calls and I tried to call it for the last three days. It's on your couldn't get you. Well, we're taking very, as you notice, very few in sparse and between the least you've got on, see that's good. I don't blame you. Listen, a quick question. I want to show you something to watch. You're illuminating your angels and demons. Right. The stone makes the gun. Is that still an active group? Yes. Yeah, it's not. They're not called stone maids and zitty more, but they have the free maids and charisers. Yeah. All right. That's the only thing we lost me a little bit where the nation was always perimaceous gay. James Mason. How would good one, Neil? And don't forget Mason Adams, man. Okay, see you. See you still alive. Isn't he, Mason Adams? He still darned or smuckers, five, so I think, Mason Adams. And yeah, I think he was not one of those of West Wing East Wing, one of those show. I'm not really sure. What is that? Mason Williams. Mason Williams. I'm an excellent. Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine. I'll take you by no foreguer. I'm fine with a big fat loss to the against these people, man. What they're doing to they show to us. They are sticking to us, man. They can have all the meetings they want and they can hire eight thousand of salespeople. And all these other losers that I've met you all these people on this list of the guys, I've met you almost every single one of them that came to where they were before. You know what I mean? What do you think? You heard what I just said. You think somebody, I mean, and if anybody came voluntarily, if they were to add down and out this, but eating out of a dumpster, and they came, let me just send you right now. You made a bad mistake. OK. Don't unpack your bags. OK. If you already have, you made a bad mistake. Because if any of you saw the movie Titanic or ever read about it or heard about it in a picture show, you, well, that's what you're around right now, man. You are going down with a rest of us. Speaking of going down, this story, and thanks to overfacts this and early this morning, although I got myself a better copy than I can actually read off the internet. I mean, the print was so tiny, and you need your magnification reading glass. Marie Osmond, shocked by daughters internet's sex talk. We're just talking about Donnie the other day, which I always like Donnie, but Marie, I don't know. Every time I think about her, I start getting depressed. I'll be doing this. I think. Yeah, she needs a good spanking. Top star turned doll maker Marie Osmond has launched a personal crusade to clean up the internet after learning that her $2 teenage dollars have been posting sexually explicit correspondence on their MySpace.com website. I watch it. Let's make a story. And think to yourself, you talk about the popcorn and kettle black. She's blaming the internet for the fact that her $2 obviously are a little overactive amortionations or just a little bit too horny. The paper roses singer felt compelled to give a statement to the US tabloid national inquire after the publication on Trevor doubt outrageous content on her daughter's Jessica and Rachel's blogs. On her site, 18 year old Jessica, who was adopted by Osmond as an infant, claims she is a bisexual who craves sex as many times as possible. All right. On her 16 year old sister described herself as a slut and a horror. All right. Respondents and open up about her dreams of having sex with David Bowie. How do you like that? To which I love David. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. Here's statements, Chuck Murray, a devout Mormon, says I'm saddened by some of the choices are too children of maid. The insidious potential for harm from adolescent internet sites like myspace.com only exacerbates these kinds of problems. I think they're saying it on there about what exacerbates. If my biggest love and figure is good for anything, let it be as a voice of worrying to other parents that no matter how protective we think we may have been with our children in the past, we need to become more knowledgeable on even more vigilant now in order to protect them. And it all. That sounds like they're carrying message, a very stern message this morning. But he was talking about it. But how sheltered and overprotective you raise your kids, they're going to do what they want to do anyways. That's what she's trying to say. But that's not even the point. The point is that they wrote this on their own blog on the way. Right. It's not that they read somebody else that wrote it. And they got all of them in the orphanage. And he got involved in some hanky panky with some other pervert out there. No, they wrote this on their own blog. That's right. So if they get rid of my space, they'll go do it on your space. The 18-year-old Jessica says she's a bisexual prey of sex as many times as possible. Right. She's a tynicie. And 16-year-old sister describes herself as a slut and a horror. And dreams of doing it with David Boyd. And all the things that is the least I've ever heard of. She's going to tell you not to be in an act. Maybe she can put her attention with the dove people to clean up their act. Wouldn't surprise me. Maybe they can just need to sit around even a few dove bars. I'm going to give them her phone number. Yeah, that's a good idea. Put the dove people on touch with them. Re-assment. And they can clean up the whole world together. And don't forget to put your door. Yeah, to put it over. It's a long way to tip a rary. Bitch. Good guy. What were it? How was it stopped? I'll tell you what to get stopped on this station too. No! Because that's what we're going to get. F***! Intensive. He lost the game last night. Ninety-two to eighty-eight. They made a big comeback and they still lost. Is that possible, Josh? They could have lost the game and Detroit? Oh, no. Could have. Or Josh Lee? What? I'm right here. He lost the game, but no, he's still here. He'll handle you. He's having the time of his life. Although it's just not between these hours. Thousands and fifty votes on a full 10-50 minutes. Looking pretty good. 10-50 chum. Toronto. 10-50 W-A-10. W-M-G-M-The-Y-E-R-C-R-C-T-A-W-A-T-N. And now I think that's the station that your boy was. Oh, no, no, no, no. To fill in on a block. Your ball. Oh, no, no, no, no. And this broad the trumpet police lady. She just kind of wandered away. And we don't know what Dan and Dan thought. I think the anonymous phone call into the dispatch center that there was the sound of shots fired. Just the sound of shots fired. Oh, wait a minute. A single anonymous call scene there. We're in house office. Yeah. Not like anybody with an IQ larger than the thumbnail actually heard them. They're all over the house office building. There's no suspect. There's no gun. There's no powder. There's no gun. There's no powder. What's the basic? Or were talking it around there? Huh? Look at that black armored car thing. And that's pretty fancy. She's pretty fancy. And the letter. Wow. Basically, we want to sing when the case signs go rolling along. I don't know why. Then they make you want to sing that. How do you spell that? Police haven't identified anyone who did anything. Many tactical units are inside the building. And all of this based on one anonymous phone call saying that shots were fired in the parking garage. That's a labor and office building. Here's your tax dollars. Harder work. The police say they're handling this is a very serious matter. That's just as a serious matter, but a very serious matter. Just like this carous business. Remember when the Don Croody owned it all looked up about this by the end of business? Right? That's what I'm pissed off about is this carous business, to which I say we get a plan. Make your all family business. You'll soon. Joe Bell is a print. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Joe Bell is just a print that was carous there all along. We should have known. For 13, call him up. Tell him I have lunch at Luigi's in the movies and the Bronx. And stick that piece behind the turlet. Hey, if you love voting, that's a given in South Florida. If you ever thought about buying a boat, don't do that man. A question, arm and leg and that's where the grief just begins. Where you buy a boat. But if you want to get out of the water, have a great time. Do the smart thing and rent by calling Todd Nautico at 1-800-Bolt. Run right now. Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free? And save a lot of money too. If you're on a club at Club Nautico called 1-800-Bolt. You'll be amazed just how he's eating is. No docking costs. No expensive. No insurance. No hurricane preparation. With a boat from Club Nautico, it's totally stress free and affordable too. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. No getting the boat ready because Club Nautico does it for you. No cleaning up either. They take care of all of these things. That Club Nautico just hop on your boat and go when you dump on to the dock it off. And just walk away run away and leave it all behind for them to clean up. They'll do it. That simple. Call Club Nautico at 1-800-Bolt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from a small bus to big yacht charters and everything in between. It's Club Nautico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent and let Club Nautico take our plan to fit your needs and your budget. Get on the water today. The smart, the hassle freeway by calling Club Nautico and telling that old duck tour to the car. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 Tuesdays. And the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. There are no. Are you? But no. There is. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. Yes. I want to be. You are mommy and up in the old sunset of my own. My own. There's a mini-tree. Oh, is that the best? No. That's the best way to put the notion. Now, my mother. Sakin is cleaning to my sexual organs. The out of the basket. I cannot allow her in my basket. I'm not going to be mommy. I want you. You have to move your luggage. Oh, baby. I'm sorry. My wife still don't have a luggage. Oh, no. All right. I have a toy in sex affair with none of her. Then she has a bushing. Now, I'm far from actually. I look more like they're woman than you. Mommy. Yeah. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. You're all touched by mommy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Mommy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. See, that two women said that there was a man with a gun and a raver in gym. Maybe he's just working it out. Uh, huh. They said he had a dangerous piece. Something like that. Well, speaking of the cats who inherit, you heard about her playing by the way? No. I heard about her peanuts. An emergency radio station was taken the word that a massive volcanic caused mudflow was headed for the flanks of Mont Reineer and then listeners in the valley below should run to higher ground. The emergency warning was broadcast Wednesday for nearly an hour. On 15, 80 AM frequency and suburban pierced county town of Puyelop was at Puyelop. Puyelop is in Washington State. I don't know. Take a guess. All of a sudden after searching the raver in gym for a possible gunman. So in a situation like this, the police of course have to take it seriously. Mike Brooks spoke earlier of that tragic event. Two years ago, where two capital police officers were killed, the police have to take it seriously. What you often get. There's an ambulance there. What is he talking about? What are they doing in that ambulance? Will building somewhere you can like a body in there? This is who are in roughly the same position. And sometimes you get five of them. They just get in the bed right now. What are they doing there? They're not doing anything. There's nobody in there. Well, yes. W.U.S.A. I believe it might have to do with the one the women who came out of the gym who appeared to be upset. As you said, that was the first time we had that capital in the place instead of moving it in one direction. Maybe she like swooned and passed out and they stuck around so far as a granny. Who knows what that's all about. They don't know if she got shot. They got no shooter. They got no body. They got no guns. They got no one. Nothing yet. But two ladies said, oh, there's a guy with a gun in the gym. Look what gun. I always thought it'd be where those people hang out with the gym. And I tell you that you've always said. A 30's had no less than a hundred people heard the broadcast about the volcanic on a weak frequency or how many evacuated. Nancy Elritt heard it while driving in the pre-all valley in Colorado, when a Hutchinson Tacoma. I was in Tiers at Hutchinson who 17 months old son Ethan was in the car with his grandma. I was shaking, shaking all over. Will it take now to building on a stretcher a short time ago? Is on searching this building. Is on putting things in place. So oftentimes there is a delay in reporting information from the scene back to the people who then passed the non-codom news media. And Darren, as we discussed this, I want to go back to the scene in our Brian Todd. Who I believe has to do information. Brian Todd. Brian. Brian Todd. Brian. Brian. Brian. Yeah, I'm sorry, John. We just had a lot of commotion around here. I didn't quite hear you. I can have a little bit to the earlier reporting. We have a senior law enforcement source telling us they're investigating these accounts. A alleged accounts of a possible gunman near the gymnasium at the Raver and Building. But he also tells me that there are investigating the possibility that this might have been a plain clothed police officer that someone might have seen and gotten warned that. They again have no evidence of any injuries. They have no evidence of it. If you know, signs of a... See, there you go when he's a sterical women. What do I tell you about his sterical women, you know? I know about... About 500 bucks on the wheel of fortune on the wheel and there's screaming and shrieking like there means sliced up by a robable, real-vegimatic. Jesus Christ. How do you like that? All this simist because a couple of... A very emotional historical women. One of whom I would have not least sworn to they had a drag harass out of there on a stretcher, a put on the ambulance. Just this stuff thing. This is often what happens in these cases. Every one of the capital conflicts has courses and put out a lot. The common man in gym may have been a plain clothed officer. Okay. Would you expect a plain clothed officer to have a gun? I don't know. A dumb bitch. Anyway. There she is. What? I don't know. There she is. Oh no. They don't know how to open up. They don't know how to open up. They don't know how to open up. But this is all this unfolding. What do you think is a racial sign? They think that a racial line as we get it, which is why we continue to say, even as we report what sources are telling us. There is no confirmation. A cross in obesity, there is none. People in congress, there's no white people there. This is truth. After Hutchinson Ward co-workers about 30 people. Not 30 minutes. A friend of me calling their loved one. Some called her children at schools in the KELA valley until we leave immediately. got the test signal as real and said the lay-hard was coming. What's a lay-hard? Well that's a much flow from volcano. Okay. I did not do it. I recorded radio message apparently was triggered by a software error. The fire chief said the problem should be taken care of in the next few days. And then next few days. Today might have a lot of alerts to it. Just like what's going on and Washington right now. Man, what all this shooting stuff. Brother, just calm down already. Wait yeah. Oh good. Look at that. In fact my thing just froze up. Right. Yeah. Have an issue here too. Are you really? You don't. Go tell me our websites just went down. Is that what's happening to you? I don't know. Give that baby back up again. Let me just see. Let's just see a this thing. What? You tried olive oil. QAM? Yeah. Yes sir. Yes. And next time you go to Berlin. They're opening the brand new main crane station today. Yeah. Well yeah. I mean basically you're not going to go through the geological garden station anymore. Everything's going to be re-routed to the new station. I don't understand what that means. I don't go to Berlin on the train. Oh you don't. I'm sorry. I thought you could go. I'm sorry. I mean I could go there but it would take me forever today. I go from Amsterdam to Afghanistan and I fly a I take a plane that's less than an hour from Amsterdam to Berlin. Don't you're sitting on a I thought you would like to either from Frankfurt or from Kloen to Berlin. That's fine. Thanks for your Berlin. That's a long-shelap man. And from Kloen Berlin that's why I take me about eight years. If you take the ice train the the one thing I've been on the ice. Yeah. In fact I got about 90 of you that ice in the freezer right now. Yeah. Yeah long with the money right. I've been on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They say one other thing also. They say they think about jet bush taking the commissioner's job. Not going to happen. Readiness because no well my snorty of your life. No, do you know why? Okay. Okay. He tried hard. Give me look. No. I won't give him a high marks for effort. Okay. A for infermaterial. And the guy tried hard. Also. But a Berlin. He has a train station. But you're not going to have to go through this. You helped. What happened? That thing is. Well that's a relief anyway. I've never been to the train station in Berlin. I've been to the train station in Kloen many times. That's a beautiful place. So the website is having problems because I can't communicate with Eric either. Oh, no. I just came up for me though and the green light. It's green light. Hoping on and off. Green light. 1997 boat. It's something. It's popping on and off. I mean, something. Maybe it's finger pop and time. I hang valid. I bet you don't have that. They're popping it. And you're dropping it. Yeah. So that updated this thing up today. Oh, thank God. That's my psychic powers. I mean, that's eight years in. Okay. It's not about that. Hank bowler. By the way, who wasn't Hank bowler to Midnatters and he writes a twist. That's a good question. Let me see. I mean, he also recorded it. But obviously, Chubby's checker had to be hit. But I believe Hank bowler wrote the a twist. If you only Hank bowler did I have in here, but I think you're right. I'm going to ask you to like whether you think I want you to like look it up. I want you to research it. I want you to analyze it. I want you to like squeeze it and tease it and please it. Okay. Let me get off the dove foundation here. You know, get off of that damn dove crap. Okay. It was dubbed bars. Oh, kid. Yeah. Especially those dove, the real heavy duty chocolate ones with the chocolate. The chocolate, the chocolate, the chocolate, the chocolate, the chocolate, the chocolate, the chocolate, the layer on the outside. You know, the long row at the dove bars. He wrote the twist. Hank bowler. Yes. Told you. Totally Hank wrote the twist. The big fact was he's twisting it. Why not pass no and a QM if you're a cigar smoke. He liked to kick back with a nice good premium stogi in your mouth. Then the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is exactly what you've been looking for. These hard to find cigars are made with first rate tobacco, processed aged up to 10 years. And but he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold applied to applying it to 91 rating by cigar Fancy Nautilus cigar insider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well-balanced full-body nickel rock ones cigars got earthy hints of dark rose coffee. It's got chocolate, spiced in pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try it but he had to say oh the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months. It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar Fancy Nautilus cigar insider. The the say oh's a powerful cigar. It'll just tear your tishki's out man and all the internal linings of your stomach. With complex notes of leather, earth and pepper, the finish is long and full-bodied with additional spice in an order to chart what. If you want to get yourself 40% off on all the heist cigars when you call be sure and mention my name. Just tell me that old Neil Roger told you to call you get 40% off. 1-800-35-800-800-K. 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. Listen to the dance he's a meal touch. This is 5- 16-5-138-BAT. There's a butt ice spell. Baby, baby, my luck is cold. Hey, we're getting have a walk on his Soul. Get on here , protect his Plantos. Mal another word. No doubt it was all Grandma Saulished and Swallowed through saff Untersttning And they enter a, you will never speak to me only, no matter what you're saying, it's so celery, enter a car and get some. Here's a little bit of a gift, all, where the other door is filled on your home. I said, it's really a good thing, you know, when you leave that house, they'll just push your white wall, and it'll just go to the living, enter a, and then we'll just go to the living, and then we'll just go to the living, and then we'll just go to the living, and then we'll just go to the living, and then we'll just get some, if here we're building all the, we'll have a happy things to do! I promise you, you've got all your time to it, and I'll do it too, We all stay all, we know, oh, oh, oh, oh she's missing! I'll play here with my playing, taking care of them, and my baby, oh mypack. Yeah, there we go on kids all. He's the never-ending eye of us all We all run with innocent scoops we dogs And he's used never-ending into yokes so change So I'm running in an oil area We don't believe that you're a easy band No sign, no no, be a team that's been I'm ass You get every dog in your dog And you're a little a-a-a-a-a A-a-a A-a-a It's 116, that's our number on a pull right now 116 16, prof. 35 on a clock 116 on a pull And the other numbers we need? On a number on? Who best fits this? A celebrity who became even bigger after the death Elvis 257 James Dean 233 Boy could he act or not? No, not even a little bit Merleman Rowan 15 Jesus 105 he's right on Merleman's butt 2 pack 95, Kurt Cobain 67 And Jesus said she ain't no merimagdlin Jimmy Henry 57, Rally Raygun 53 Buddy Holly 38 Richie Vanillan's his got lucky Richie Vanillan's got But third man Lenny Bruce 27 Jim Crochi 18 Janice Jonathan 13 and the big bopper's got only eight That's because probably nobody knows who that is And rightfully so And I still don't think he belongs on it because who the hell ever You know other than you who played that's record right? Me? No, that was it How think he even belongs on there? Oh well, I will say he did probably became a little more famous after the playing crash Probably Patsy Klein She didn't What? I don't know You know Are you crazy? You don't know from Patsy Klein Get out of here I know the story But I don't know what it might She died in a plane crash for a pasty Klein Over this capital police told a news conference you're 130 All right To continue to tell us that nothing All right, let's do that I go to pieces Perfect You're playing blows up That's bad Over this capital building we open after other lockdown it's reopen Would you put her music under oldies or country? Both Great That's pretty answer Why? Well, there was a crossover said put her music under oldies All right She has a tremendous number of pop hits man Patsy Klein I don't want to hear them all But I mean Yeah, I don't want to hear them Great Hot all When you hear that What? I said is your brain's post a pop When you hear that when you hear one Patsy Klein I don't know what he said I think it's that he's speaking very soon I was going to say he's doing very sarnish speak What? I was ripping Patsy Klein because I think it's awful Hey, you know you better know your country music star is Mr. Cousus You sure his health don't that's right You sound crazy to me I always hear really big hit Patsy Klein Here it is You're cheeky Yeah, I always big too You're cheeky heart Well, there's only one more I haven't played for the uh What's in her and here it is Name this Two I've got two pictures Oh, I don't know what to do Here, she's got you That's it I think crazy was the big hit Crazy And he's spicking on a dead bro Man, that's really bad I've got all the time just a nasty I have a health Faster Patsy Klein, let's see Tom Clay, oh he's dead Boy he died, line 95, 866 Tom Clay He did what the world needs now is love Abraham Martin and John Vocal come to even by the blackberries Walkin after midnight, I fall to pieces crazy And she's got you Oh walkin after midnight, did you play that? No, I don't think I have that Oh, well, that's the one I remember best Crazy was her biggest hit But on the country charts man, she was huge Patsy Klein And I would agree with the issue with much Like most of them country singers, she was like Like that Right How about in court no Johnny Cash Oh, she went no Marty Robbins I'll tell you that with his white coat and a sport coat of pink carnation 1127 votes on the pool of my sneak another collar to in here before two o'clock You never know before that sound In fact, it's an infest you radio During the break, I want you to like go Walk down a hall, go roundside curses Off his and fart a lot, just right outside his door Especially if the door is open Just stand the standar in squeeze like this, like crazy Yeah Right And then run away real fast like you know Oh my god That's my message for you, Clara, as you idiot You're fairy The assassin I thought people there was ban See just now in these last couple of days We're starting to find out what's really going on at place And when we got that message from no less than authority Robert Graeper, yesterday that Joe Bell was an emitting with parents and bruised Beesley at that point we knew that we were all done The jiggas up as they say Who's it? No, what they say on the open seas the jiggas up Capital police holding out the news conference at one thirty And I guarantee you will be as at least as illuminating as they previous one In fact, you illuminate, you're going to be an honor Now, who were the other ones before the illuminate? The now the night's Templar That's right And then of course all those maisons, all those stone maisons Stone to maisons Right You're going that club Bring your and jar I wonder if yours was in head of drink through a straw Cause he wouldn't teeth Wouldn't you? Fall 40, 241 And in fact, you know where you got to wouldn't teeth Probably after you chopped out a cherry tree And of course, Abe Lincoln we find out now was Yay, see nothing is as it appeared You know all this crap with your history books, we don't know squad We don't even know who did squad Oh, representative Filters locked in his office We'll be heading out here A finalist coward Tomorrow or chicken, dummy Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop You know, we're California, happens to have a primary on June 6 So it's very important to all of us Understand the Bohami staff and we're here There's about seven or eight here That we're down to our last nachos And our last pizza combos Oh, well, let's get some more There's a rivet staff Oh boy, it's not like a solicitation for me I remember that That or our last few nachos and pizza stuff, pizza thing Whatever he's got Call up pizza hot, see if they'll deliver You idiot 1241-19-1560 WCM We showed it they seem like about a 75-hour show, you know Yeah, they're new who I blame for that Josh Clarence Oh, get on Josh You better start spitting, stipulating now Totally, we got that name problem there And I will guarantee you the dress courtist is not want to be lumped Or associated in any way shape or form would add a sassan in there A one point we had four Joshes in this building That evil doer Hey, if you think he had turmites in your home The bobe, we're overloaded with the M2A man We have got some of the worst bugs But if you think he might have turmites in your home And now it's the beginning of turmites season And every year they start chewing up all the wood in your house And before you know it, you've got to real mess on your hands Before they do that, call ridded test control They get a free turmite inspection, find out Ridded test control uses an amazing orange or a treatment The kills turmites end their race One hundred percent of contact They're gone fast and they even say Joe Bevel's a crazy man If you have turmites it's the best possible way to get rid of it Let me don't have to tense your home And make a circus out of your whole neighborhood You don't have to worry about poison as gas No one would do out or staying in hotels or motels You don't have to worry about your food or your pets In fact, you don't have to worry about anything Even your health Because at ridded test control they treat your home With this amazing orange oil You don't have to leave it all When they're done treating your property Doing something left behind is a clean set of oranges for a few days So if you have a turmite problem or thinking might have one Starting right now now is the time To nip it in the butt That's what we're going to do with QA and baby We got a crisis, we're going to nip it in the butt Call ridded test control right now And find out about this amazing orange oil Treatment that kills turmites end their race Autophistonic contact Noteworthening, no kidding, no BS In fact, what I want you to do is go out to publics Get a bunch of oranges I want you to slice them open and smear them On clearances door on his orifice To pedal rid it And just for a good measure, Schmerer couple on his Back to who? Call right now for a fee no obligation Specion riddle come air into check it out for your call 1-800-447-4348 That's 1-800-447-4348 When you call ridded test control be sure and tell me that Todd Dreck Toady to call 1-800-447-4348 This is a new Roger What's solid? This is 5-6-8-8 It's Friday, you breast still I have strong confidence in Don Russo I hear the voices, but I'm the decideer And I decide what is best, what's best What's best, what Don Russo Who remains the secretary of defense Mommy stay here I'm not gonna jump them, I don't care what anyone says I hate gonna bump them You want me to act them for screwing up our act But I'm gonna keep them for staying on my track I know I've kept changing who shoots his own buddies I know that New Orleans is still pretty muddy You say I'm a moron I'm a moron, I'm a moron But I'm the commander, I do what I want I'm the decideer, I don't have to face straight I don't care to say you're not gonna stop me I'm the decideer, I'm keeping running I won't decide and keep on dividing The mindset of final decision And Don Russo is doing a fine job Just like Groundy Groundman, heck of a job 1248, you did a news for you by the way I know you're a bit concerned about me being the fashion type that I am I keep on in notebook And a friend of mine sent me in the mail And UPS, a bunch of diabetic socks What are you laughing about? They keep you for, like, protect your weighting through sugar No, it's a good time to hide your candy bars Seriously, you never make a candy bag No, but I can only imagine that there has to do it with a circulation That is right And I don't leave all those stretch marks on your ankles I don't have to be a worse socks man I don't blame it Yeah, because they're two damn tight Even though, and they're not, you think that they were like loose And would fall down around your, like, you know, right? It's where it was, but they're not But they just don't have any elastic and elastic in Like are they knee socks, how far up do they go? No, they're like regular socks, knee socks Why the hell would I wear knee socks? Like they would, my kilt's your knee They go up to the bag there, they gotta be the heel They go up to your crack Right right up to your back, um, she's Yeah, where were the guard about? Yeah, we would have gone down to the loose And then suspenders Well, that would be good We just snapped at my, I'm just telling you so I can be real fashion That's right I got my doctor's rolled cockers Right, I got my sockers And you're still belted radios for the winter That's correct We're gonna do well over 12 of her votes to him This pool man And I told her was he gonna pull the nitay that yesterday Yes, you did And of course, by the time the weekend is over on Monday morning Now that's gonna be your assignment I know you're not too pleased about that Now I got something on that floor All the stories for the weekend So I'm not gonna overburden Josh because of course it's how they weekend And he'll be just smashed out of his mind So I do it In fact, you're good to go for tomorrow already See, New York Well good, I'll start work on it now Yeah, I'm still you're gonna let us do some major Although there will obviously be Don't do that because you know, you say that All the lesser something major And then you'll send me, you know, 20, not major But, pity You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna send you Stan Major And then I'm gonna have him borrow Every time you've got and everybody you've got That's what I'm gonna do Send your ass Stan Major No, I started to say there will obviously be at least one more story about this Breaking news now about this gun situation There were in a cap of problems And the government's in at the end of the hearing The chairman does make all of us a men informed That's the good lead for real I was professor Jonathan Toroey that he keeps slipping out of time There he's a testifying of this hearing And they're all locked in there I'm always getting the Bob Turley Look at them all There isn't a one of them doesn't have their phone Glute to their head Oh yeah Oh yeah And then the congressman from California Given us the substro about their down there last few tacos And pizza shells or whatever now Oh man Poor baby Yeah, Pobaboo Yeah Well, we'll call a deliver some take out for you Schmuck, that's right, you call that gas How he's doing Yeah How going knows what they're doing after that room Oh, we know That the congresspeople in their staff locked in their room And God only knows anything he's blushing about it What they're doing They're going to hear the eat more than just tacos in there I'm sure not just Capital building has been reopened after a second lockdown In other words Another false alarm A couple of hysterical women Oh my God But let me say this to you I mean obviously it's got across everybody's mind If the person they saw with a gun was a plain closed cop Wouldn't they person if identified itself and said Everybody get out of here is no problem And also They probably didn't freak out like in his presence Last day be shot, you know they probably I saw another room and then for that They probably ran out of their house They're dead right and made that phone call I didn't know the good I say those bras ought to be on death row right now I'll pull this way Okay Yeah It's like they're running away bright The same crap that she didn't got it Say of course, she finally had a reimbursed him Yeah, or supposedly some day is going to Just like O.J. is going to reimburse the abrounds of me Agreements Yeah, right Just like he's going to reimbursed all those people He ripped off and south Florida Larry King Yeah Like we story You suspended another life That was another time Well, the fact the other night Was it last night he had rums fell down there Oh my god And taped into view that they had Oh, I watched a couple of minutes here a couple of minutes there You talk about shameless shameless butt kissing man Shameless sucking up He was touched and marshmallows in him I just unbelievable Even the crap people wouldn't have touched him with your hands Just listening to the worst swirl And of course, you know exactly the answers that you'd expect you know Shameless people would know self-respect and Larry King is one of them Mark and Sandy LeBlank So they trusted tenant health system and moral medical center to protect his mother, Elvira When Katrina struck no orleens Now they're suing the hospital, claiming the hospital's negligence led to her death She died She died They told us they had plans, Sandy LeBlank, Elvira's daughter, and law said And supplies they had extra stuff We asked if we needed to be a concern about trying to evacuate her They said that we didn't need to evacuate her from the hospital But let there was no need and she'd be fine She'd be okay According to her son, Elvira LeBlank any three was in the seventh floor Life care facility at Memorial for treatment for a urinary track infection Added just a number of medications Neither of which of course are like, you know, I pick up a deal Life threatening, etc She suffered from Parkinson's disease But her son Marseille, she was in stable condition when a hurricane hit the warlens August 29 In other words, she wasn't dying over there But guess what? She did About a week later, she was dead despite her family's journey through a Katrina's flood water To evacuate her themselves from the chaos of a cutoff hospital The hospital said they couldn't come on a patient's medical condition because of privacy rules The Elvira and her son had hired a certified nursing assistant in a CNA They would marks mother and give her a cell phone so they could keep in touch The couple me and while evacuated Northern Louisiana But soon after Katrina, they were alarmed by CNA's concerns She had frighten her voice and it will break recall my answer What are they telling y'all? And they are saying they're going to evacuate y'all or what? She said, staff saying y'all, that's how what she said She said, then I tell me anything but I can see how to win those So I said, what do you see when you look at the window? She said, I see water coming up around Two days after Katrina hit and the levees had broken The Elvira and the lights said they had no choice but to brave the floods To try to save their mother And interview with CNA and a couple described the harrowing rescue And the heartwren she's seen inside the hospital The Elvira and the lights grabbed the flies made their way back to flooded New Orleans Where hundreds of thousands of people were stranded without power They borrowed a boat and marked the life city was appalled by his mother's condition He says he remembered her laying in sweat and muck and yuck Everybody on the 7th floor chaotic because they didn't know what was going on She would find sweat and muck and yuck Yeah, yuck He and his wife said, I'll hire a lblank with severely dehydrated I had no IV fluids They grabbed her chart ignored the doctors and said they couldn't take their mother We just shoved her out the window out of the air boat and said We're going, Markle by said They promised the staff they'd return to get them and the other patients After putting Elvira back in the ambulance to baton baton Baton Rouge They returned to the hospital by say, LeBare on Rouge I told them when we come back tomorrow A lot of these people won't be here, Sandy LeBare Said told she told her husband they'll be dead And when we got back through, they the CNAs come out They were from life care and we saw I said, what happened to the patients? They said they all died Elvira LeBare, LeBare, LeBare, LeBare, LeBare I was going to be dead for days after a son rescued her from the moral hospital The family blinds ten and four are dead Sanctuary recovered from the severity of dehydration There were months and family, swimming the moral hospital Chris Bruno, a new world of the attorney represents the families who are still He says the hospital is responsible for those who die Chris Bruno Write that name down, okay, I'm going to be needing to re-alternate When I show all these vatures here at BZO Bangel blood group bank When I see clearance personally For stress and for all the other crap that he's going to try to Like under mine our show That stuff that I heard this morning, you think you understand You aren't even close, you're not with an immediate miles of perceiving Just how pissed off and foaming it to mouth I am What if I stand over here? This is the cash cow baby, and this is the one show And because it's not a sport, your right man Because it's not a sport show, they couldn't give a flying crap about us If it was up to then they'd find a way for me to do a show Without either one of you guys Yeah, they find a way to do a show Into the three of us That's right, without you two Just that's right If they could have an opportunity, without him or the pain in the ass That's right That is correct When there are sports with their juxtaping mentality man A bunch of overgrown little children Even VUM would be embarrassed to have them understaff Even Mike Rosenthall wouldn't talk to them A bunch of quizlings, a bunch of simple little theories So if V7 or QM capital held polis and other big press conference at 130 About nothing Maybe they'll tell us we'll have an Ashane Reliebie Exactly And what's happening with that? What's the pain cool in that hell house? Yeah, what is a hot house? Is that like a green-hine girl flowers? Yes, green house Like the one in the hand that rocks the cradle Remember that's right And our work, Kurt Cobain blew his brains out there in that movie And I still say that Rebecca D. Morning Looks like a slightly more attractive Hillary Clinton Not much more, but slightly more true Here not far off Watch better than staying cool, comfortable all summer long and all year long And South Florida, how about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner The five-star edition of the carrier infinity system You can give this fabulous system in town from Royce, Aaron Heat Where they've been taking care of track County area families For three long amazing generations And doing this to penish out of it too As a carrier factory authorized, either Royce, Gerrit, and T. You're 100% satisfaction And that guarantee is that by carrier The people who invented air conditioning in the first place And now come up with something new and even more exciting The carrier infinity system This one performs a daily diagnostic check And then it just itself to make sure that you're getting maximum efficiency from it And don't forget to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner Do you want the Royce air and heat comfort club Twice the year that won't spectrum to an after system You lend your priorities same day service and 10% off a need of repairs All of these things, all of this All of these things, all of these things We're just 110 bucks a year So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system with pure on or piece of mind with a comfort club Either way, make this smart choice, the Royce choice Or our OYCE Royce air need That's 1-800-377075 That's carrier, turn to be experts by calling Royce At 1-800-377075 This is new Rogers This is 5-16-18 Not just the one to two-hour It's a phenomenon A diner here That's a new day You're fairly anybody here See Jack here from home This is our ins and suit of the Dara These little lot of people who seem sometimes get down A doll is the right to steal from For more standing in that Co- obtener You will now see you in person In other words, you'll be as evil Here please take out to games More horses and cones and cod dogs Please, guys, this round I have been long and kept pay-wise. A group of doubts in and off. I just said you're a good close personal friend and attorney in E-man. You might have told him. I give up. Bye, bye, bye! Yeah, he had emailed and said he was going to call me a tutor and update and let us them, madness here at the... I just don't deal with it. I just don't want to deal with him. I don't want to deal with him. On September 29, 2003, three days after became known that the CIA had asked the Justice Department to investigate who the name of the CIA, a covert CIA office of Valerie Plain, calmness the Onges Robert Novak, Nazi and Chief telephone one has seen advisor Carl Rove to assure Rove that he would protect them from being harmed by the investigation. According to people with firsthand knowledge of the federal grand jury testimony of both men. Suspicious that Rove and Novak might have devised a cover story during that conversation to protect Rove. The federal investigators briefed that attorney general John Ascroth on the matter in the early stages of investigation in Fall 2003, according to officials, with direct knowledge of those briefings. Ascroth oversawed the CIA, plainly, pro-for three months until he'd be accused himself, and lots of special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald to be named to take over the investigation on December 30, 2003. Sources set Ascroth received a special briefing on the highly sensitive issue of the September 29 conversation between Novak and Rove because of the concerns federal investigators that a well-owned journalist might have been involved in an effort, not only to protect the source, but also work in tandem with the presence of a political advisor to stymety FBI. What was I telling you about how Bob Novak belongs on death row? I agree. Rove testified in the grand jury that during a telephone call with Novak commons at words to the effect, you're not going to get burned and I don't give up my sources according to people familiar with his testimony. Rove had been one of the two senior administration officials have been sources for the July 14, 2003 column in which Novak outed claim is an agency operative. Rove and Novak had talked about claim on July 9, just five days before Novak's column was published. He was the Pimp man. He was the Pimp. Just like Joe Bellas the Pimp? Yeah. By the way, Kevin, yes. If you should hear something like that. And the line go dead, it's because we're going through a really severe thunderstorm right now. Too bad. Just out of one year. If I had a line go dead, I'll just get out of here. I'll just bail out. 119 volts. We're going to do well over 1200 on the pool today. That's pretty good, huh? And pretty good feather in our cat. And of course, who the hell is around now anyway? It's the more of a holiday weekend, right? Right? Everyone's bugging out. Everybody's getting out of town and good. There you go. Be safe. Have a good time. Get out. You too, Norma. Go away. Don't be calm. I just told him. I'm not going to answer the phone at two o'clock. He's going to call me a two and we've got pop. I don't want to do it. I don't want to be hash all day. In addition to which, you know, after the horses already seven miles down the road, you know, I'm talking about dragging your feet and just letting things drag on and get to a point of just absolutely insanity. Just forget about it. I know I sure will. Come to a clock. I'm forgetting about it till Tuesday at 10. Now, why didn't you hear this story? Imagine that in visibility, Cloke, there were just like the one that Harry Potter inherited from his father. Did you see this story? No. Researchers in England and the U.S. think they know how to do that. They're laying out the blueprint for developing the exotic materials needed to build a cloak that make you invisible just like Ray Malan. Why don't you think it was Ray Malan? I thought Ray Malan is called Ray Malan. Cloud Reigns, the invisible man. Why do I keep saying Ray Malan? I don't know. You got a brain decoration. Some. Oh, wait a minute. I want some snacks. Oh, it's a schedule for next week. Oh, well, I wouldn't time that far ahead. I should have took a long time. I'm making a fortune. Put that in there a half hour ago. Well, it's just coming over right now, man. Oh, I found out a paper in that machine, man. Oh, no. Come on, please. Oh, no. Okay. Okay. Okay. You don't need to eat that stupid ass music I'm right here. Everything's under control. Look at this Monday, George and Tendonoon. Oh, oh, my God. Orlando, noon to four at Kendall Toyota. Your old alma mater. Without Mark Jacobson, you can be sure of that. And without time, clocks, you can be very sure of that. Rest in peace. You see that? I see. And then what we got to rest in the way. Look at that. Air me, what did I tell you? Air me single day next week. Two days through Friday from two to four, we got no. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And you want to know why that's just a personal zets to me is what that is. Just a personal shot. When you know something, Clarence, let me sit again. And I've said this before. Half kidding me, half seriously. He and I are done. Finished. T? There will never be another verbal exchange between that creature, that piece of walking tiered, and yours truly under no circumstances. You can you can mark it down. You can mark down 1-09 on Friday, 826. And you could write it in blood. You can contact the Illumonati. Okay, anyway, can I get back to the straight about the invisible cloak? Please. The keys are a special man made materials unlike any in nature or the Hogwarts School of Richmond, and was it? Where they included this tiered light. Now the forms are electromagnetic radiation around an object rendering it as invisible as a whole in space. You're receiving an invisible hole? Yeah, actually. You fall right into it without even noticing. Yeah, that's what does, sir. Correct them. Is it science fiction? Well, it's theory and that already is not science fiction. It's theoretically possible to do these things, but what's standing in the ways our engineering capabilities say John Penteon, a physicist at the Imperial College. Details of the study was Penteon, a pro-wrote appeared in yesterday's online edition of the journal Science. Scientists not involved in the worst that it presents a solid case, rock solid. For making invisibility and attainable goal, all right, Penteon's co-authors are proposed using meta materials because they can be tuned to Ben Electromagnetic and Visible Life for example, a interaction. Do you understand this? Yeah, more or less, it's a type. Yeah, sir. Huh? I'll believe it when I don't see it. Electro-werver streaming around a smooth border, light in all other forms of electromagnetic radiation, which has simply flow around it, continuing on as if it never bumped up against not true. That would give an onlooker. Right? Does it say what is something missing here? Right through the cloak with everything tucked inside concealed from view. I'd like that. They're continuing from view. Now you're right, sounds like a bunch of hooking his focus to me and who now cares about who you're a car owner. Except a bunch of stupid little punky kids. I think Harry Potter is evil. I think that the antique garage is involved in that. I'm going to call that dove foundation. Call the dove foundation, something before they worry about any TV programs, they ought to take care of that little fast-in-herry potter. Hey, Harry. You're fair. Yeah, rhymes with Harry. Piece of crap. Yeah, I think today we have reached a watershed moment in history of this show. Speaking of that thunderstorm? Yeah, that's what a wilder guy is pretty pissed off, man. He's pissed off a clearance. When surprised me if a bold lightning goes right up to a clearance, he's right to me between nine and five and seven. If I was to, it might be real real nervous next time I started my car. You know what I mean? I'll hit him a lightning ride. Yeah. When we the first time. Who best fits this? We have 1189 on the pool, we'll be over 1200 in the shake of a lamb's tail. Not two shakes, one shake. Who best fits this? Celebrity who became even bigger after their death. No matter how big of a they were, they were during life, even bigger after death. Elvis, 273. James Dean, 238. Those two seem to be off to the races together. Jesus, 135. Jesus was making a big movement in the kind of gots stalled. Maryland, row 16, two pack 100. Kurt Cobain, 69. Jimmy Hendricks, 60. Bonnie Ray Gun, 57. Buddy Holly 39, which he vandalms 33, Lenny Bruce 27, Jim Crocchi, 19. James, John, 18, 13, and a big bopper 11. See after I said he didn't belong on or did any star vote before. Just to make me, you know, just to make me look bad. Let's write. Kind of like Clarence, you know, just try to sabotage the show. Just try to deal with our efforts with our hard work. Twelve minutes after one at five, 60, nobody came. We got guilty. Get used to a man. We got that next week's game. We got guilty after the show. Oh my god, you're going to have to be squeak up a storm. If you love voting, that's to give it in sound photo. Well, if you ever thought about buying a vote, stop and call Cobnodico at 1-800-Bolt rent right now. Why would anybody in their right mind want to pay all the expenses of owning a vote and go through the headaches when you can rent one totally hassle free. This is a smart way to get on the water and you water. Join the club, Cobnodico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. You'll be amazed as how easy it is. No docking costs, no expensive. I'll keep no insurance. No hurricane preparation. And hurricane season by the way begins next week. With a vote from Cobnodico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable too. It's the fun way to get out of the water. Call 1-800-Bolt rent, no getting the vote ready because Clubnodico does it for you. No cleaning up either. Or are you streaming? Yes Clubnodico just hop on your vote. Go have a wonderful time. When you don't put on the dock, you're often say, hey, are you take care of it and walk away? That's simple. Clubnodico, 1-800-Bolt rent is the amount of the call from unlimited voting to pay as you go. From small votes to your charters and everything in between, these are the people you want to be talking to. Clubnodico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. And let Clubnodico tell or plan to fit what you need and your budget too. Get on the water today. The smart, the hassle freeway with Clubnodico, 1-800-Bolt rent. This is real rubbish. This is 5-16-15. The you best still. You'll be telling the seeds that we're lacking in the home. Hey, for about a month I will be here by the door. Insharing, insharing is the one we get. Now they have only one. Hey, take a look. Don't forget that we're still. We got it. Now we're hoping to say, you got us to be more like this than we are. We got us. We got us to be more like this than we are. That's a good idea. We shined on our love and is what they got you to be. And they're very good with our own calling for the two people. You believe what they say and they say like they're going to come to the home. And they live as they are. They're still in the state of the home. We too. We are the children. We got it. We shall sign in the two daughters. Let's go on your knees. One nineteen a QAM. You all did come up with two. I think basically what they've done is give them to him. They just don't want to see. I think you're right. I think that's basically what a boy was done. What did they want to do in the first place? Of course. And we keep taking these pools. The audience makes it very overwhelming and clear that they don't want to hear that sound. You're audience. That is correct. I mean, my small audience. Simpleful of people that they can write. Let me say it again. They should write. And they will write. So anyway, here's a little bit more. I mean, I realize we have this very important press conference coming up from the capital Please of 130. A staffer for Congressmen Kingston Republican Georgia was taken to the hospital during the Labor lockdown. The statement from Reverend's office seems to confirm reports that staffers encountered a man. They believe to be armed and morally building gymnasiums. The statement from Kinsman spokesman David Al follows. Al, whatever. This morning a member of Congressmen Kingston staff was in a house staff gym. When the Raiden House office building was funded a lot down to the alleged gunshots. Under guidance of law enforcement officials, the staffers was taken via ambulance to the hospital who was not injured or shot just a little shaken up out of the circumstances. We've been in contact with our colleagues. He's doing well. Congressman Kinsman's where the situation. He's encouraged us to make cooperative with the capital places. He's encouraged us to resolve a situation. The House staff gym is on the second floor of the parking garage in the Mabern Office building, which is five floors below Congressman Kinsman's office. I'd like that. So she said that's what it's all about. So far. No shooter. Nobody got shot. No blood. No one. A zombie interactive poll finds that US voters are more distrustful than ever of Political and corporate leaders. Only 3% believe Congress' trust worthy. 7% think business leaders are. Only 24% say President George's ability of Bush can be trusted and 29% rest of the courts. The poll was commissioned by Jim Lookman, and that's expressed to us. The latest book is What do you stand for? Three out of four respondents said they trust politicians less than any of the five years ago. Three out of four. 75% of those polls said their friends, neighbors, and co-workers are trustworthy. And an overwhelming majority, 97% described themselves as trustworthy. Right. I guess we never worked for those people. No, they got a great sense of humor though. I'd like to meet a bunch of clowns. Oh, wait a minute. To the shooting at the US Capitol back when July 24th, 1998, and when two capital police officers were killed. We don't think we're going to hear that. We're going to hear that. We're going to hear that. Anywhere on Capitol Hill, and that's the reason they're taking their buttons of caution. They're just making sure that they cross all the keys and dot all the eyes. And make sure that everything is searched before they give the off-layer. I'd like to be put a bit of a mouth. There ain't nothing going on. Now, speaking of things going on, when you hear this, I keep asking myself, 2500 innocent people. And plus the thousands, tens of thousands, maybe 100,000 Iraqis. Who's it? They should have all been for this. Government and Baghdad killed the coach of the Iraqi National Tenest team. And two players, you want to know why they killed them? I don't know. I don't know. Wrong religion? Reportedly for wearing Western style tennis shorts. Ah! And Iraqi Olympic official said today. The coach who's seen Osmid Rashid was murdered along with two of his players. Outside his home in the capital southern Al-Sidea neighborhood yesterday. But wouldn't this have ice not to be named said the shorts, quite tensed players had just left some laundry at the cleaners. When gunman stopped their current estimate to step out of the vehicle. When they were shot in the head. The third person was in drag from the car, thrown on the bodies of his teammates in Shadduzi, lay on the ground. The gunman then kicked the corpses before seeing the car and making the risk escape. He added that fundamentalist had an distributing leaflets recently warning residents of the area not to wear shorts. Don't wear shorts or? Tadam fam. The incident was a number of, a number of, or read, at least of a number of recent attacks targeting athletes in Iraq. Last week, 50 members of the Iraqi Thai quandotein were kidnapped between Feluca and Romani. Weiss to Baghdad is that we turn for a tournament in neighboring Jordan. There are doctors of since demanded 100 grand in ransom. In February, a former Iraqi wrestling champion was gunned down in front of his family and the southern port city of Bazaar. But don't wear those shorts. You haven't seen them on that song. Short shorts. Who now did that? The teens, the something teens. Short shorts, probably. Who wears shorts or a dumb ever that song? Yeah, I didn't look at it for it. I'll look at it after the book. No, I got short short. Well, that's probably obscure. You know, I bet you have chicken egg and members at them. Who wears short shorts? Shorty swing my way with the whole of that. I'll tell you who don't wear the short shorts is the Iraqis baby. You don't wear the short shorts or a ton of fame. Let's see, short shorts. Oh my god, there's a song. I can't say it on the air. The world teens, yeah, I told him it's something. 315 short shorts. There was a song, 1995, by 20 fingers featuring Gillette. And I can't short. Okay. Well, it's a word in the middle. The beginning is with a D. As in, Taney. Sure, so I can't read that on the air. No. We'll get you ice. We'll get carrots. We'll get to bamboozled. We'll get like, uh, fine. And, uh, all kinds of stuff. 26 after one, I'll see that press conference coming up. I'm sure that. And come that will update John. I just thought to the top law enforcement sources says that they are winding down the search. The source tells us that they are almost finished. We don't say we're nobody got shot. There's nobody. There's no blood. There's nothing going on. Just a couple of hyperventilating women just getting all his Derek. Oh my god, somebody's better than. And you know, like that. God, they swooned. Exactly. They swoon rhymes with moon. 26 after one, a QMF, a melting pot. Wow, fondu will make you forget about all your tourists. Because fondu becomes a memorable, and a more-course dining experience where it can really deepen some fantastic goodies. You'll enjoy a variety of unique, conference, special melting pot dipping sauces. You'll start your dinner out with the melting pot's been out on cheese fondu. Serve with three different bread's gratis with apples and crisp veggies. In fact, stick your thumb and a cheese fondu and just to suck on it all day long. Next to choices, salads all with the melting pot so made, dressings, your own crazy include lobster, filet, manion, shrimp, caigens, season, chicken, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, or shrooms, duck and more cooked in oil or broth. And the melting pot dipping sauces are like, nothing you've ever had before, that's a good day. And for dessert, beyond description, no matter how good your verbal abilities may be, you can't describe how great the chocolate fondu is. You have to taste it for yourself. If your fresh fruits in that chocolate fondu, your strawberries, give your banana in there, your pineapple too, and your cheesecake and brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos and Graham crackers as well. There are melting pots all over town, I'll take the whole game for a real treat this weekend to a melting pot. And that's just another restaurant, but a real experience. There's a pot in Fort Lauderdale, cruel springs, vocal retone, and North Miami Beach Cooper City and a melting pot in prestigious Kendall II. This is the real Roger, what's solid? This is 5.16. The first one is the second one, go down, go! My name is Matt, I'm a man in the field of scouts. I'm a countryman, my father, my dog, my name is Bang Bang, I'm a countryman, my name is Bang Bang, I'm a countryman, I'm a countryman, my name is Zachary Sue, who can make you some doctor fun too, please. My name is John LePois, and I can marry your great. Oh, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, my brother, oh be the pointed, move, move, we'rehuman, we're thats tube, we're damn true, ekktob be the one our olibe, ahouissance trust me oh Vilmas you're knowing that all this hurts we can know that respect for your old style man. we are truly human, we are trulywicy just a refreshing girl. okay, so we are still waiting breathlessly, we have disabled news and off events, lives onVach  ego the cure of Phillips man. Oh, brother. Can we get her in dinner, banks like our in-gettemine real tight, right? That's right. CBS Corpse said today that Syria satellite radio will pay CBS $2 million as part of the settlement of Alasuit against Syria and the substance scrap King of all media Howard Stern. In the statement, CBS said the payment is related to the transfer of rights to the recordings of the Howard Stern show. CBS said other terms and conditions of the settlement were confidential. I mean, that song you got that by Sunday night, that's one of my favorite songs. In fact, I got it here somewhere, but I sure I have time to look for it. Cause chicken egg put it on a CD for me a long time ago. Oh no, I can't believe it. Oh my god. That's what I got. Records says in what's done. You'll be getting that in the, not this diplomatic side for the next one. I love it. It's like all these folks. Okay, so good song. I bet you Josh Hates it though. He just, you know, I think before 1997 he just hates it. Yeah. That's why I'm gonna watch the in the shadows of Motown because I just hate everything. I'm still waiting for you to watch it. Don't know what you're doing. You're gonna, you're gonna, you're sure you might have you could have a little bit of a little bit of a man, okay? I'm gonna walk you know. No, you're not. Yeah, I am. You got 20 of time to watch it now. Just get in. Get in the mood. Get the mood for a lot. I'm watching movie. I thought you were gonna play like the jingle first. Okay, I'll tell you what you sound. But you didn't. I had a pot. Okay, that's enough. You're very, see me. Would have bad timing there and all of this stuff. Very bad. Yes. We're still waiting in the capital police news conference. And if it's nearly as illuminating as the one in our, uh, and a half ago, you are gonna learn squad. Of course there's not really squad to learn because nothing happened. Somebody just got all panicky and got, and wasted all the attacks. There's money. And she should be there. Oh, there she is. There's one of them. I'm gonna stretch it there. There's a person. Yeah, she's swollen. She looks like she's swollen. It looks to me like somebody's swollen all over. 1224 votes on the poll. Somebody more famous to celebrity became even bigger and more famous after death than during your life. Elvis 23. Let's go to Grayslan. What do you say? With Paul Simon. Uh, James Dean 248. Jesus 142. Merlin Monroe 117. I mean, during his life, Jesus was just a schlepper. Look at now. Yeah. He's bigger than God. Two pack 100. Did I say Merlin Monroe 117. Yeah. Kirk Hovane 71. Jimmy 163. Ronnie Ray Gunn 57. Bonnie Holly 40. Richie Vanillen 34. Lenny Bruce still 27. That's because nobody saw this as any idea who that is. Jim Crochi 20. Janice Joplin 13. And the big bopper is still stuck there 11. Oh, wait a minute. I'm going to be going to the Capitol police. You're not offering. So that's the nighter. This is starting right now. I'm just starting to really shnire on the public information officer for the United States Capitol Police. This is our second briefing of the day. We know what's about 12 noon today. I just want to give you an update. But I'm going to start with the background first. Finally, when we may not have been here earlier. But approximately 10 30 this morning, the Capitol police received a call in. So the report of gunfire in the Ray Gunn Grond. Since then, the Capitol police has employed several tactical teams. Additional officers to methodically search the Rayburn building, which is still in lockdown. I'll take any questions you have at this time. We have no reports of injuries at this time. Somebody was looking out of the dirty. Was that the same as any factory? So the report that I have that an individual was taken out on a growing as a result of a panic attack. This is probably because of the incident. Yes, the stressful incident. A lot of people are still wondering what's going on. And the answer to that is the Capitol Police is thoroughly methodically investigating, searching the building with all of our experts in tactical scenes. Everybody on the board, a number of Congress, the original report of the gunfire to the gentlemen member of Congress. The original report was a call in to the Capitol Police. I don't have any further information. The original report was a call in to the Capitol Police. I don't have any further information. I don't have any information on that at this time. I don't have any information on that at this time. Oh, all right. But a beep on a boop, but a Bob that said, man, just keep writing that on your wrist. Just like the guy in my mentor. Just keep writing that down. But a beep that a boop, and then that's what it's all about. It's a bunch of crap. My boy sure, we started new. In fact, the first stuff started at 10 30 this morning. The first press conference was a new. And I used the term press conference loosely. So for like three hours now, man, it killed some good time. It was an accident, but nobody got hurt. You know, I can do Godfather. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger will veto legislation that would require public school and structural materials to contain the discussions about the contributions of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people if the bill reaches his desk. He will veto it. His spokesman said yesterday, the statement from the governor who rarely takes positions on bills until they pass the legislature doing was the measure which also prohibits teaching or textbooks that we've collected, virtually on people because of their sexual orientation like that freaking Michelangelo. They didn't have ladders that high back in those days, but he just could float right up there to the top of the system, Chapel. He flew right up and had a steady hand. The issue for the governor is he is not supportive of the legislature. Micro managing curriculum is Adam Mendelson, the U.P. Governor's communication director. California's got an 18 member standards board that is a national model for looking at curriculum, Mendelson said. The governor just believes it's not for legislators, but determined curriculum. Backers of the bill about a continued pushing of the legislature, the measure cleared the 40 members Senate to weeks ago on a voter 22 to 15, after a sometimes emotional debate. We're going to keep this going. The governor is clearly doing preliminary election, and I think it's kind of cowardly to do it on the backs of gay, lesbian kids, said the bill's office, and she looked cool, and we've got a Santa Monica. Opponents of the bill are given a promoted homosexuality. It was unnecessary because local school districts can voluntarily offer instruction about gay's, like Ms. Fudge for example. How many famous gays can you really name speaking to gay history? Jay, we talked about the music industry would be here all day. Elton John, Michael and he's been talking about people out of the closet. Yeah, how old are you? David Bowie, make a record, but then they went back into the closet. Yeah, or they got better. I think they outbrew it. Is that what it is? They got cured? They took the lead. Everyone from the A. They got a manicure. Yeah, that's what you do. That's the cure for that. We'll talk about all that manicure. You're fairy. Maybe I'll get me a pedicure. That's only for the priests. That's for the pedophiles, the pedicure. You have a pedicure, and it'll make you a vegetarian. Maybe we can get the cure from Gary's son. It's four hours later, and I'm just curious. Given a thought as to what the hell you was talking about. I think my guess is the right one. We had a sales hole in there this morning talking, the double-talk man, even Al Kelly, the late Al Kelly, the great double-talker, even he would have been just amazed in the... He would have an impressed. Yeah, probably would have borrowed some of that material. Good God. But I beat pedophile. But I'm about... Like that. And the beat goes on. And the new guy, man, he is seriously. He is as clueless as anybody. I've been in the radio business since I was 17 years old, 45 years. And I've worked for some good people. I worked for some kind of middle-to-road, and for some real idiots. This guy is as clueless as anybody I have ever encountered in my life. He is little boy lost, you know? But thanks for those dinners from Tivigotsman, I really needed. That's what I really need from QAmen, from Management. It's somebody to buy me dinner. You know? Don't you think? Well, you look like you've missed a lot of meals. Yeah, I look like I missed a lot of meals with a poultry bucks that I'm making. How can I afford to buy my own dinner? That's what really impresses me. He's getting certificates in the mail to the house for three dinners. It is just... But the search continues by the way at TC. He's not done. I don't know how many floors of the Rayburn building have been cleared this time, but we are going through it as we speak right now. They could have gone through the Vatican, and when all 50 miles of those books, and nobody has looked at it in all those years, they could have read them all between that and whatever it was now. They're just acting very deliberately, and just a little like our management, just a little slow. This is a meal, right? I can't run this slow. He's 5.62. Get ready. Welcome to another edition of the Inside Lifely Sports. Draced and nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Dre, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed, and worship you in every way, and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball? I don't know what I've been told with a big, leg of woman, and got no thought. What's your take on over and under and under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told, but a big, leg of woman, and got no thought. And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those NCIs, but they say you're getting close to sign in that contract. I don't know what I've been told, but a big, leg of woman, and got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work for under-privileged children. These children help and to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told, but a big, leg of woman, and got no thought. Who will be back with more Inside Lifeless Fort holes? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told, but a big, leg of woman, and got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work for under-privileged children. What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? What's your take on over and under the over of the underwear? Walking in a fauna people There's someone who's crazy strong You need to try to get a nation And I'm walking in the world, dawning Come on, come on, come on Get out of here, come on Maybe it's so normal All I've got to do Maybe it's so normal But it seems to me it's true, yeah Maybe it's called how It's like a reed or a reed star You're a Every person, a leader Are you a hero? I'm a hero, alright? Walking in here, dawning Let me go, let's see, here and now Come on, come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Now we die, action But we're rushing in, and we're pushing We got to have a clean way So we can come again From where to where, ve a place We're walking in for a beer Music in this country farmed mind Even though the end of the end It's a great training on sleeve Lucky in for a beer with the free Sanaeeros with the Good day Germany! That's what it is. What is the gunman? He's a gunman. He's a bad or fat. Yeah, that's where Joe is that he's seen gunman. He's killed us, I'll tell you that. How many votes we got on the pool? I think we're closing on 1300. 12, 4, 4, on a holiday weekend, Friday, no less. I think that's what we do real feather in our crab. Don't you? That's something. And at the same time, all of us in the capital, but a beat by the wood like I said nothing. Nothing. I guess I got time because I was going to do this yesterday and I got sidetracked. It's your fault. I know. Smith sent her Kansas. Oh, I can only imagine. The land is flat. The roads are straight and churches are plentiful to the town of 1800 people. Near the geographic center of the West A's at lower 48 states. So here in Pernational Kansas, the recent purchase of land by representatives of the Maharishi Mahajiyogi to build with their calling a World Capital of Peace just outside town where Meditators will send waves of coherence across the country as many residents riled in Pestal. The group finds this mentally 15 million bucks to a right code of 15 buildings for a retreat, a training center and residences. Some people call them a cult and some little ladies are locking their doors to the former Brice Wheel 50. You're in the Bible, Bill. This is a Hindu-based religion. People don't like that idea. They don't like them crazy religions in the Bible, but they like their religion. The Maharishi's father is practiced transcendental meditation. Oh, my God. Sightly focusing on a mantra to which he would call a state of pure consciousness. They believe TMZ got the power to reduce stress and crime, help in poverty and create peace. Those beliefs are not compatible with Christianity, he said, Greg duty. A phatement of the Bible, church, hey duty. You're fairing. He's one of nine passions who works in the other of the Smith County Pioneer, warning that they'll compete with what everyone here calls the TMZ for residents eternal souls. Not everyone's have said Mayor Randy Archer said the town is very divided, but we're looking at it with open eyes and open minds. Archer said he doesn't know enough about the TMZ to really make any judgments. People around townies are going to make their own conclusions and so be it. Worked cups present in the first national banks as sometimes people forget this country is based on freedom of religion. Eric Merchner 54 was something coordinated to him prior to it. It says all his group bonds is a chance. Give us a chance to plan, give us a chance, give peace to a chance. Give chance a peace. That's it. Give a peace. 1, 52, a 5, 16, 72, and we got a peace coming up. Go to the top. Go to the top. That's your new two to four, God. You heard it first right here. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pomp it apart racing and poker's got all the gambling action you could possibly want. You could plunge your guts out there, man, and still have something left over. Located from just a half mile boat from 95 in the turn, Pike Pomp it apart is easy to get to, and best of all, Pomp it apart features free admission and free general park near BD. Live harness racing in the smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon, it's going on right now, goes on till midnight. And live racing gets in a way night late 725, Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Poker also features tournament play all day and all night. And don't miss out on Valor Night Wednesdays when draft your sodas hot dogs and more. Just a bucket piece starting at 6 in the PM. Come out and enjoy a fabulous meal and patents place on the fifth floor. You can choose from the chef's nightly specials. A great tea bone steak or maybe a giant burger or a chicken sandwich. Pomp it apart from course is also open every day, 7 days and nights a week. Featuring the best in cymbal casting. Hardness through a burden of high lash and ball across North America. To eat a watch and plunge your guts on. Pomp it apart, a black south of Atlantic, Govera and Powerline Road for the curr racing schedule. It's online. Pump it apart dot com or on your own. 954 977. This is New Rogers. This is 562. It's day high by any chance. A black at 560. WQA. Pomp it apart dot com. Pomp it apart dot com. To pomp it apart dot com. I'd like to say half off of boys to eat. To keep the dashboard, land all the more. Nothing more than offoob perdu Allah To win. Bob d watermelon. Ok we'll take you in the star. Up and quick. To know what time it starts. Bind it by the stonefish. Up and away. I'm a Russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian r russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian Russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian r Russian russian russian russian russian r Russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian russian Please, I will come today, please, stay right there, fight. I am daylight, great, please, stay. Everyone on pastry, stay by the power. I thought they were shy. We are the dr. of the magic of the song. You are very smart, very smart. Bye bye!