We'll be able to dream a very high All right, we'll be able to dream a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high We'll be dreaming a very high I thought it was just for a few days I thought you were sending me a new version How about that Tom Brady and the Patriots last night? I'll be moving I'm sure the Joe's taking real good care of you Just like Chris Jones has taken real good care of us I don't think about you or you or you I mean nothing ever changed You know, neurotic reputation That's why there's no point in talking about it Protect your weapon That's all I care about Swalt group numbers and Iraq speaking of numbers With the US death toll and Iraq passing 100 this month I don't want to hear about Tony Cornhors or man crush on Tom Brady All the other stupid crap I'm so embarrassing So I'll tell you what, I think he sure did look good last night Both in the game and on a sideline But doesn't he always? With the US death toll and Iraq passing 100 this month And midterm elections just days away In fact, I'm kind of wondering, can't I spend much more Joe Tom Brady or Brady Quinn? By the way, George, you forgot to buy Brady Quinn a birthday If his 22nd birthday was just 3 days ago, I'll go October 27 Who? The quarterback of Notre Dame, Brady Quinn, a real stud Who? With the US death toll and Iraq passing 100 this month And midterm elections just days away The number of US troops in Iraq is well to 150,000 It's the highest level since January after US troops build up for the Racky elections in December 2005 A Pentagon spokesman attributed the growth in size of the force To overlapping unit rotations but the Step-up operations of so far fail to bring the violence under control As we well know, the number of US servicemen and women killed in Iraq at this month And today is the last day of the month It's Halloween It's 103 And one of the bloodiest months in the 2003 invasion And it's Halloween today, election day is a week away In all 61 US Army soldiers to do one Marines 2 Navy sailors and an airmen of killed An action while two soldiers and a Marine of that of non-combat related Consists, four non-American coalition soldiers were also killed In addition, five US civilians were killed in tax-free And the monthly toll for the coalition as a whole, to 106 War numbers, man, all the numbers all the time, more statistics Speaking of statistics, here's the result from yesterday's poll What's the worst thing about women? 1377 As a total number of votes, mood swings 276 Non-stop pitching 220 Never say what they mean 164 Unrealistic expectations 157 Nagging 154 How come we left gossip off at this thing? They gossip like crazy Come up with lots of expensive on that Yeah, we left some of good choices of her nagging 154 When they get saggy and sloppy 102 When their boobies are hanging down to their ankles, saggy and sloppy I hate this poll 89, 64% where you know what? Too bad, we liked it. Nothing wrong with them, they're great. All of them, even the sloppy old saggy ones 83 They never forget 78, they have no sense of humor 36 And rush to commitment 18, they want to get married to 3 That your pants down to your ankles here Well that's the change How's today's poll? Can I invite a way to speak to that? Witherspoon and Felipe split, I can't believe that Who cares? Wasn't that the important kind of news was supposed to really lean all over? Yeah, well, she's up 85, oh it's on a poll today See, that's more like it because I put it on a more reasonable time I switched it Oh Rick's in tour man, he has got a Chinaman's dancing hell MSNBC is all over his selection stuff like man's stuff How about that big debate last night did I watch it? No No And for Rod Migo who's sending that fact yesterday, almost demanding Well where's that story? I got it I said it along the Josh but he didn't put it on our website Probably because it's too long No, that's No, what? You didn't get it? There must have been a problem because I'd weigh them ads in report You know all about Charlie Christ and his 16 year old boyfriend and about And actually stuff about other people too like David Dryer of California There's all some pretty interesting I'll get to it And I'll see if there's a way we can get you to put it on the website And it's not resetting it, I'll do it right now I can't rescind it What do you mean rescind it? I mean you can't I could and we right now right now Right now the middle of the sentence I'm speaking right now Like Howard Veal said Turn it off, right in the middle of it Yeah, and then you like clock on the floor I'm not going to flop on the floor Where are you moving now? Same neighborhood, I'm just moving to pop links No, well you should get around, I'll say that Yes, you see the, is your roommate moving with you? No, I'll just move it in with another buddy of mine Straighten up Moving with another buddy of yours Okay, 895 votes in a pool 903 now already, boy, they're coming in in chunks this morning What are you most addicted to? Sex 168 The new Roger show 129 isn't that incredible? Man, that's such a sweet thing Well, it really is, it's my birthday son That's what? It's sweet, it's sweet Real sweet Not a sweet, it's great equine But almost, I can't believe you didn't send him a little something Something something Hoop The quarterback of Notre Dame, it's your religion man Your Catholic University Hmm? I suggest to make sure that he's Irish and Catholic New Rogers 129, sex 168 of course is leading Sugar 16, that was my vote In fact, you're a fault yesterday, I went out and I got Not one, two I got not one but two of those What the hell is the ice cream? I don't know Those cones Oh, drumsticks No, not drumsticks So drumsticks are so plain, man, for assisties Drumsticks get out of here What tells the ice cream that I'm all whipped up about? See, it's a age thing Brain fart Whatever the hell they were And then I went and got some other crap All because of you, yeah, I will die Sugar 16, 012 Look at that, you lump all those four together They all been pretty well sex this show Sugar and a porno I don't see much difference Although this show used to be a lot more porn graphic back in the day Before the FCC decided we can't say crap or do anything on the year And before a joy stuck her fat ass in there too And we hate you bitch I hate this poll, 41, 4.5% Oh pot, I left that out of 61 They were addicted to pot We find carbs Oh, I skipped away to how down here for some reason Poor no 112, TV 76 We find carbs 62 In other words, I've never been sugar Like chips and dips and crap Pot 61 I hate this 4.41 Boo's 39, it was the way the vision we apologize So the joy should have something to hold on Gamble 19, the internet 17, sleeping pills 15, caffeine 14 Well if you have too much caffeine, you better start popping them Sleeping pills Okay, well I'll tell you those days when I have long sessions It would bind you know and drink it all those free diet sodas Hmm, pee in a lot of that Load yeah, oh yeah, I have to put a cup on a machine Make sure somebody's watching it And then run in pee at night in times Caffeine 15, sick and pills 15, cocaine 13 Hero 1111, sports 9, oh we're so sorry And meth six, what a meth I go to for meth What a meth we weave when we practice What do you mean you voted for meth? I did, I didn't want the meth to feel bad Speaking of people whose lives are a meth Well apparently Oscar winner Reese with his food and flags of our fathers Fags of our fathers to our Ryan Philippe Are separating after more than seven years of marriage The representatives city of state is in America Whipped up above is at least it's a break from freaking branchaline already For Christ's sake, God Almighty With his food, she's really me as far away Yes she is, he's a lot pretty him she is No question With his food, his marriage reportedly has been on the rocks for some time Is the latest best actress Academy award winner Who is a separate viral woes in January Two time Oscar winner Hillary Swank Split from her husband Chad Low Is that Rob Low's brother? I think it is yes Yeah Hey Rob You're fair We are sending one out to the recent ride of the set of The Formula Separate, they're probably sending a joint statement Let's say he's 32 and she's 30 She's a Not 30 men Reportly men at her 21st birthday party before working together on the 1999 film Cool intentions Never saw that That's a married and junior day year and they have two children 70 year old daughter Eva and three year old son Diken The public has gave no more details about this foot And nobody with any kind of a life should really care In the past 10 years, now here's a little bit interesting trivia for you If you ever go on a might spend no trivia show In the past 10 years, I wanted to start starting I'd tell you one thing there would be no punches, food In the past 10 years, I said, this regime that we got running this turn right now I just, there are no words to describe what they've done here It's just astonishing, amazing to me But think like a log-filled up and of course, you're a sales manager He's like his predecessor now, he just avoids me like poison He won't even come in anymore Because he knows he has got a lot of to stand on and he lies like crazy In the past 10 years, six of the nine Academy Award winners are best actress Ended up splitting from the husband or boyfriend's they Thanks an Oscar night With a spoon swank, Halle's berries, junior rabbits went to the palter When Helen Hunt, the exceptions are Charlize their on-francissime dormant And Nicole Fibmon, who was unattached when she won She's probably got issued now that she was murdered that queen With a spoon established herself as a major box office Drawing a starly, two thousand one company legally blind And Scorda follow up with sweet home Alabama She went out of a best actress Oscar earlier this year for a role as Johnny Caches Country scene, sweet hard June card didn't walk the line Well, I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the second That's all I'd love it Nobody disclosed court document, she would have split recently sent a lawsuit to brought in June accusing Star Magazine A false and before it and it she was pregnant with a third child Maybe she just get a little chubby or something like that Maybe he had a little chubby, I don't know what to deal with But anyway, he's okay. He's a good actress, but I don't know what to deal with But anyway, he's okay. He's a good actress, but I have the fact that you keep picking on him for that one movie They did the bad divorce Or he can't get over it He would have met a lot of talk I want what it was that that was way of the gun Way of the gun, now it's a good movie Okay, you don't take so I couldn't get past that next time Wasn't tell your boy in there or what's his name? I mean he's still don't told me An issue of delturo, well he's a good gentleman in the movies He's a movie Ten fourteen, that's our QAM anti-sports time How about those patriots, baby? Oh man, they just wiped those Vikings right off the field Hey, I guess it's our total 31st of Halloween It's the last day of the month and as a result It's a little backwards, it's the last chance to give to the race to the thousand goal That's right for the first time a little backwards history They've been out to sell a thousand cars in one month And as a result they do all kinds of spiffy things for it You have even better deals than usual They've got the biggest selection of new and used cars and food in those hot new corvettes Which I love as you know, trucks SUVs and minimans anywhere in town They've also got used cars starting at just 39.95 Every single one of them backed by a car fast guarantee And they're staying open till midnight See what'd be nice to get like a follow up on this Chris And the Brian Schmutz was out of time Be nice to get a follow up because obviously today is the 31st So I guess they're staying open till midnight tonight And then you know get in there You know what he said? I'm saying they were not like left out in the lurch These bastards, these lunatics man Just put a bunch of spots on the log That's all these people are all about this Chris Jones man It's gotta go back to Alabama to banjo up his ass Forget the price, make it an awkward new back road They will beat any deal because they might get to that thousand Maybe they already got to a thousand But you know, they're not gonna tell you they give you lots more money If you're trade zero percent financing we bates up to six grand whatever it takes To make you a fabulous unbeatable deal Only at Lou Backroach here really we're having buying my corvets Another car for years and years because they give you unbeatable service Fabulous prices they creature with velvet gloves Two locations for you you'll find Lou Backroach in Pompano Beach A quarter mile west of I-95 in a coconut creek On 441 just south of the saga I don't forget to stay open till midnight tonight Because it's Halloween the last day of the month and they want to get to their goal So go to Lou Backroach here for the best you ever heard of in your life Or check them out on the web and Lou Backroach B-USCH-R-O-D-T Lou Backroach.com Tell them that Chris Jones sent you in The piece they've stressed you can't use videos The old rockers forced video 560 You ain't damn No New You've got You've got a bit unsettered and I'd like to compare it how Tom Brady picked up women To how some regular office motics up women It was slightly funny but not as good as a bit they didn't have the balls to do Comparing how Tom Brady picked up women to how Michael Vic picked up women Starting with Tom's introduction On Fab Brady him then moving into his routine Hey Lisa you look pretty hot today Maybe we should have lunch with them Oh, we're great How about small? Okay Great See that? Now let's hear Michael Vic's introduction Hey, I'm Michael Vic I mean uh I'm a little bit unmeccable Yeah, that's it And his routine Hey Lisa, you look pretty hot today Maybe you and I should go to the lunch sometime You know you and me Drop Mexican Oh, well great How about tomorrow Okay Great out of that See you then But I've ate Lisa one question He doesn't matter so much of my genitals oftentimes He's coming clean with some open soy stew to something that people like to call Herpes Duddy We need to come back Lisa That's why I don't tell nobody that And that is why Tom Brady gets more women than Michael Romance goes back Oh, that must be it I know there was some reason Twenty past ten if I sixty WCM now Josh had just emailed you that thing The way he madzim he ported you get it I'll have to see I mean he said What do you mean you have to see? He said to me right now Like right in the middle of a sentence I mean you're you know Pushing me around pushing it He's click it And I just said it's you know it's long and it's got to go on a great length But I don't know how you do that I don't know how you put something that's got our pages and pages Maybe you're just not capable of doing that If you don't have the ability I'm not going to write it I guess I just won't do it No I'm serious What a schmuck Didn't he just say go ahead and send a tool And he'll do what he can get on the right way He emails right He's sending and receiving What are you talking about? Sending and receiving my ass Yeah probably That's a big bar Hope you got a big computer He has a really real client So you know a download the email into his computer And and and now he can see what's there You got it Is it from smoking shimp? No it is not Well then I don't have it How could you not have it? Wayne Madsen Oh yeah I got it I just got it okay You know something No one of you keep moving out They're probably keep kicking your ass out Why don't you just admit it You try to just the place And so he's got to leave So what's your new roommate story What did you find this guy? I actually lived here before You why you want? You why you want? I moved in with my current roommate Okay no comment Just take a look at that thing If you use your phone for a buddy But you got a lot for anything I'm not going for anything Whatever you do more part of it Have a good time And through your life now because you know Rod Rigo yesterday sent us in that Costic Rather Costic facts Like how come that stuff you went on Friday Isn't on your website Well it would be if Josh get his head out of his ass Out of his room right there The Wayne Madsen report I've had some other Wayne Madsen stuff We put on there He's an investigative journalist On the DC From deep inside the Washington Beltway It says here on his website Anyway I've got it all right here in my hand Whether you have it on or not So we're trying to get it on our website And if not too bad It says Well let me find this I mean there's so much on here It says We now have our gubernator of the Dressments and campaign website Links up there are a number of democratic women Running and taking wide races They will know how to keep the GOP sexual Freditors in line That's basically what most of this stuff Is about about the perverts in the Republican Party Which we know my in perverts I like perverts being one myself But I don't like hypocrites Right He says legitimate human and civil rights Versus a secret a GOP homerotic A ball is a real social issue in his election The GOP is happening in a jersey Supreme Court civil union Rolling an anti-game marriage initiative As a number of states As reasons to boast about their Fanciful chances of retaining control of the Congress Nothing could be further from the truth This election is about constant GOP lying And hypocrisy on the issues of the rights Afforded US citizens regardless of sexual orientation According to CB Democratic sources in the house The page gate scandal is merely the tip of the iceberg Of the predatory nature of a number of GOP congressmen Bush administration officials Anzine your staff is also The GOP is trying to make the claim that the house Ethics committee which it runs is almost finished With this investigation How you ever seen your democrats in the house Cland that has been no investigation Morely a cover up to doubt the flames From a serious sex scandal Just days before the election We come today last time I checked Can I interrupt you for a second? Go ahead What is this? I mean this is one article this whole page It's all different dates going back Now this is a series of entries on the these dates There are a series of things that he puts on his website So you want me to just put it up the way it is with all these dates And not necessarily why can you pick and choose which ones you put on there Absolutely What are he saying? Absolutely Oh Well if he could do that then the one starting October 20-78-9 You see that? Yeah And then that going now There's some other stuff on there where it's got like Oh it's a schedule of where he's going to be And the book signings and forget about that And then he was thinking about Dick Cheney running around in his underwear In front of his daughter's little girl friends years ago And then the hugely one October 25th about Charlie Christ Which is the one everybody In Florida's whipped up about And then it shows the copy of his individual tax returns From 2005 and 2002 do you see that page? You can see it Not yet, but I'll find it No And when he I get back to this stuff because what he can find it and now we sure He's got a lot more people listening Than we are going to read it on our website That's for damn sure and if we don't run big big fat ass trouble I'll tell you that right now Is that true? Sure What up? Typically iceberg Democrats pulling out that house bigger than any hatched It's four top page Chief of staff Scott Palmer's deputy chief of staff Mike Stoky Hashtor Lee is out with the housegirl's office Ted Vandermeyer made And former house clerk Jeff Prandall Of all but an indicated in the house page scandal Along with the entire house DOP leadership and current and past Republican members of the house page board Then there's the case of former Mark Fully and Tom Reynolds Chief of staff Kirk Fordham who came to Washington in his 20s He managed to nail the job of Chief of staff to fully In position it's usually held by an older and more experienced till veteran Before working for fully for him served as deputy chief of staff To Oklahoma Republican Senator James Inhoff Who probably claims that he never had any homosexuals in his family Until when questioned Mark Fordham testified about an incident that occurred in either 2002 or 3 When a truck in Fully attempted to enter the paid dorm The question remains as whether Fordham was a witness of that incident And if so what was he doing at the page dorm with Fully Maybe he was going to give my helping hand Sure, here they can't afford it Fordham said that he informed top GOPA's authorities behavior with pages three years ago But there's a big difference between making an official report And merely discussing Fully's conduct appears over drinks If there was an official complaint there is certainly no record of it in the GOP control house And this is what concerns senior democrats The House Republican leadership has continually covered up sexual misconduct by its members and their staff And this goes on pretty interesting craft in here for next which I'll read Okay, O'Gosh is working fever state to get some of this crap on our websites Or what we going others will be pacified I don't know how they I don't know if we're going to be able to do that I'm video-partn I don't know that I'm going to be able to put this up Why not email to Eric? I don't know it's just it's a mess I'm sure Eric what is over the end Well meaning you have to diagram out a story and this is a big cluster you know what so I don't know A cluster one for cluster cluster cluster phobia That's it. No. Okay, listen to the dice you can That's all nobody's going to come in there and bust your chops because but I guarantee you're going to start going to come in there He is just just what I thought are real the who from the Carolinas man nothing to be fine And send it back to Carolinas in the mornin Remember that song Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQ and this our anti sports time We got mad dog at the AAA arena 2 the power hour would hank and a mad dog at the AAA arena 4 or 5 humpber from the AAA arena 5 to 7 Now what's that kind of do with the panthers? We got the panther people with 7 panthers in the sharks at 7.30 and it he came to the hockey game It's a good chance to be a good man I want to go out there and watch the game because he can have a lot of anti seats Hey, dial a mattress is celebrating a birthday. It's 30 and a celebrate dial a mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VDRS pillow top You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons VDRS and they give you same day delivery to like always If you're finally ready for a good night sleep called dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress and get yourself Factory direct prices award winning service no nonsense no offerings no response no or sloughing around town dial a mattress has 12 month financing with dial a mattress you picked the date and time you want that delivery And they show up seven days away from 8 in the 10 p.m. when it's convenient for you and you ask you picked it to our window like 11 to 1 noon to 2 Well, etc. and they show up even the same day that you call if you like if you call them right now You can be sleeping in serious comfort as soon as tonight or do whatever you want to do on that mattress That's why dial a mattress is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction And why just about everybody here at QM used dial a mattress on the web check amount of dial a mattress dot com or just pick up the phone Make that one easy call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for spokesman and Stupid the sensational saving So best now actually the business wheel rotors for Shredio 560 And that's a gate club you moron Go and Go Okay, so we're right back to this Wayne Manson thing it goes on forever. He says never less its apparent the clerk for it and became a potential problem for fully For him left for his office in 2004 and became the finance director for Florida GO presented her melmartine is the Senate campaign. How do you like that? Oh my god. He then secured a job with DCI group a lobbying and PR group has close to connected to bush administration And it's counted among its major clients Microsoft AT&T RGA Reynolds and the military hookah of Burma which is also posted any has to it is previously reported by WMR the Wayne Manson report on Number 4 2005 4 and was hired by Reynolds to staff at a salary of 38,837 dollars per quarter Not an insignificant salary of over 155,000 a year on top of that democratic house sources report the Reynolds plates for them on the payroll of his Political action committee Tom pack what if that's kind of Tom can sell what's had was flush with money from full res dubious campaign coffers in Florida Democratixers is all of that's kind of Tom can sell what's had was flush with money from full res dubious campaign coffers in Florida Democratixers is also report that the FBI was brought under the case by the GO leadership to silence everybody about the case And silence and cover up as the order of the day fully quit was quickly sent to the Sierra Tucson rehabilitation center in Arizona Which specializes in evictions and personality disorders it also has previously treated the likes of Whitney Houston, Ringo Starr and Rob Low, hey Rob You're fairie in typical Rovian fashion, full list, petta was conduct was blamed on a pedophile Catholic priest far away in the multi-zile of Godso Diversity, for him according to his Richmond Virginia based attorney is a way on vacation at his after his ordeal Everything that everyone are being tied to not neatly by the GOP except for the damage inflicted on the house pages A senior Democrat member of the House sum up the scandals a homo erotic network that extends from the house pages to the White House involving everybody's orifice Congressman pointed out that the centers of the network are Republican National Committee chairman Ken Melman gay And his one time one house boss Carl Rov as far as Rov is concerned the House member state that he's been hiding behind two beards lives that covered for his homosexuality for years Is that what you were always saying? Yes, I was just look at him. How do you like that? What do you mean just look at him? What does that look at him? The pudgy face the fact of Budwecker We can also report that Well informed House officers now report that another by the way, you've got to sub their Josh or not speaking to guys who fell out of Of a figure with a boyfriend. I mean with the roommate. No, but Eric's working on Eric is dealing with it. Where are called handling anybody can handle it? It's spatter. It's going to unravel it and re-rattle it. So how do you like that Carl Rov? I mean behind two beards told me can also be if I'm telling you this. I'm interested in crap in here if you listen Which I do. We can also report that won't form house sources now report that another Republican member who'll soon be caught up in fully-like problems Is GOP representative David Dryer of California using his powerful position as rules committee chairman Dryer's repeatedly reportedly Help provide cover to has to in the staff for the GOP Petterers network on Capitol Hill Hmm, this election is about permitting the GOP Petterers network to continue to run Washington with impunity We've already seen the GOP pouring money in the Minnesota sixth congressional district in support of far right Michelle Bachman against Patty Witterling Who's the 11 year old son Jacob was cap a kid in that 17 years ago by mass government The same like a predator a creature is now work with impunity in the Republican party leadership at all levels local state and federal The GOP and the North American man boy lover association namble and affiliate is supported And I want to see Ms. Wetterling using a US House of Representatives bully pulpit to ruin their cryptic and secretive lifestyles That's why they're doing everything to ensure that back when wins this particular seat Ms. Wetterling is the Petterist to worst nightmare There has never been a real champion for missing an abuse silver and Congress especially someone was personally experienced the personal and family trauma brought about by these lowest forms of humanity The GOP had Petterist Mark Foley as their co-chairman the House caucus on missing exploded children if he was their best choice Just think who and what were the GOP runner-ups? Now we get to some more interesting crap people the new Diccini and my only before you served in the misinformation say always had an unusual pension for hanging around young girls Some as young as seven years old Cheney reportedly walked around in his Wyoming home and is underwear sometimes when his two young daughters friends were visiting Cheney continues to think of himself as a rock star around young girls in 1969 Cheney left Wyoming for Washington where he worked for the cost of living council at the office of economic opportunity in the White House staff Cheney served as a congressman from Wyoming from 1979 to 89 This was during a time when two major page scandals both involving Republican members of Congress rock capital Hill They were the Korea-Gate-Scale and the page prostitutes visiting the White House in late 80s In 1981, Lin Cheney wrote sisters and old West novel containing lesbian themes Dick Cheney's close friend and former chief of staff's scooter will be penned a novel called The Apprentice The following is an excerpt from Lili's book which features its main character Yukiko drawing hair on the mound of a little girl At age ten a madman put the child in the cage with a bear trained a couple of the young girls So the girls would be frigid not fall in love with their patrons They fed her through the bars and aroused the bear with a stick when it seemed to lose interest When this editor was growing up since Wayne Meds and there were certain houses we were told not to visit for turkish reading in Halloween If the Cheney's lived in our neighborhood their house would have been at the top of the no gollest Hahahaha All I think kids out there don't go to Dick Cheney's house tonight Or Mark Foli or Kirkford or more or Carl Rover and there's a whole bunch more I do like that I'd say this is good stuff or what it's great And then we get to the trolley christ stuff coming up Excellent after the break So there we go right we go he inspired me because I you know I really couldn't find this I looked and looked the the day before on Whatever the day before was someday Friday whenever it held one couldn't find it and his Joshua testified some you know It's hard to follow this stuff because it's like a it's like a daily series of entries on his thing on his web report I can't even see titles anymore. I just see text his scroll through those puppies Jericho take her but okay, I mean you're out of your legal but now we understand you know do a fine job But you're a little bit out of your league plus the tremendous stress and strain of moving last night when with your new roommate I mean your old roommate. I hold his how old is this roommate about I'm not even going to guess Okay, well you're going to answer the question. You don't have to it's not a believe he's 28 28 Oh, Tom Brady's 29 Oh Hey listen any guy 28 who has a mail roommate. I'm telling you right now 19 to 11 is our 5.50 QM sports time baby. I heard some real heavy duty stuff I heard Eric Reed talking to Rashid this morning on our morning's for sure Fuck Experience the difference at Mercedes vends of pompano because at Mercedes vends of pompano It doesn't matter what time of month you purchase a vehicle. They always give you an unbeatable Spectacular deal whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes vends luxury sedan The 2007 GL class the first Mercedes vends full size SUV or their live selection a certified pre-owned cars You can't be with a stick even a stick that they were putting in there to prod the bear with when you choose Mercedes vends The pompano you've got over 200 employees dedicated for writing in comparable service offering express lube courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washes to make it Employment through their business development center you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles on your airthing Grows Mercedes vends of pompados indirects go with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or Check them on the wicked web at bends. Pompano dot com b e n z bends. Pompano dot com Experience the difference call them at 1 800 new bins any w b e n z that's 1 800 new bins You'll find them at i95 and cofons road Mercedes vends of pompano a Mercedes vends dealer like no other This is wheel rotters for radio 5 60 And hold it the problem is all inside your hands. He said to me The answer is easy if you take a logically I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free There must be 50 ways to leave your lover you just slip out the back jack Make new plan this time you don't need to be quite bored just listen to me Up on the bus just you don't need to discuss this much Just do a coffee tea Let's get yourself free 1046 14 till 11 Now we're to the space come from this are Christina hog a whole thing from the hero it came from the fat machine Wow somebody wants to rub it in this is an error but thanks so much for passing it along me A little bit about this yesterday, but why not rub it in real deep, okay, but first yes that convoluted weird story is up Erica handled it and it's there. What did I tell you about fan error? He's he the best or what? He is the best. It's up already see and Josh was like oh, I don't know how to do that. Where do I stick it? Yeah What's that you were to stick it? Let's see there's that the hog face Nancy Grace Fran and there's Al Gore and her Steven Colbert There it is way madz and GOP Humbo Radikabal's the number one story Cheney fances himself as a rock star around your girl's Christmas sweet 16 friend Let me click on that and see what tops up look at that and he's got it laid out there just the way you would do it if you would have the ability to do it Josh but you impressed there you're looking at it About to be nice going there air. If you are phenomenal man, this guy is a computer wizard Just goes to show you all those late night trips to the parliament house having effective his mind yet at all Yet but before we get back to that it's on our website now take a look at it What we go? Christina Hog writes in the hero today power 96 struggles with ratings and revenue. Oh right that's bad That's not good. That's bad But now that we got Joe Bellon charge over there down the hall. What you think things will really turn around real fast Sure, hmm. What how fast he was on the uptake on QAM turning things around? Christina Hog writes, easily broadcast I'll get back to other thing go panic Beesley broadcast group with pair of company of power 96 is making personal and programming changes at power 96 and effort to boost ratings and advertising we want some money in fact if you don't start advertising on Power 96 we're gonna start writing some sliders baby They're gonna take the telephone book of the way our pages and just start writing up contracts for people that ever heard of us before Company chief financial officer Caroline Beesley told analysts in the conference call yesterday that overall third quarter sales of power 96 dropped 10% while locals But market sales did 14% the South Florida market overall with up one percent so they're out of sync man They're moving in one direction while the market places moving you know steady or up a little bit Meanwhile power 96 look from the second place to third in the summer ratings book for its target audience 18 to 34 year olds for what's the big semis with that second a third especially with a craft beer plan that game Reggae, what is it Rick a telling read your telling music company president and chief operating officer Bruce Beesley said that power sales staff Has expected a change strategy and anticipation of the ratings slide This did not happen at an acceptable level. He said No poor baby Let's buy some lunches and send them over to Naples to the Beesley's and a Joyce I'll tell you what to put in Joyce's battle This company is brought in new operations director is recruiting a new general sales manager He said first we're gonna find two in the music to drive the ratings Wow new operations director. Isn't that the Joe Bell? GM I don't know what he is. I know what he is. There's this new guy in some office over there. Wow We got a new guy in an office Power 96 is soft performance will set it as a key reason for Beesley's dip and revenue in profit for the third quarter They said that the two million other costs for the rights to the marlins for QM sports radio five 60 We had that in the story yesterday at boring the Naples base chain at one other was Relusional ass on a marlins, but it's a game. It's a sports thing so we like it, you know I'll Lord Joe Bell hates it. He's trying to get rid of it. You're ready, but Joe get that monkey off our back Beesley posted probably doing that up about for the year today the company said that in coming down 22 percent while revenue is declined 3.6 percent to 90.3 million Let's take up for the poor babies. Let's go on and I take up a collection Bruce Beesley said that management changes is WQM made earlier this year Starting the year results all day ever while power 96 is website, which accounts for 5% of the stations ad revenue is being used as a model for the other stations Power 96 is website accounts for 5% of the stations ad revenue. How do you like that? How much ad revenue we got in that QM website that you're in charge of Josh a lot actually if you look at it It's like a big commercial is it? Yeah, good going like I said that bonus is coming any day now Now can I get back to my main main main the way in the men? It's on our way sub because Eric they'm good thing we put him in charge Josh generally gets the job done Well, and he's up against it when he's reached the end of his capabilities Then we have to call in fan Eric and Eric puts down his Four sandwiches his breakfast sandwiches probably croissants which is bacon and cheese from Verberking he puts down his sack and he gets on it. Maybe he's got some fatate cakes in there too You think That's the our reason that they they do have fatate okay Maybe cake is another course they got those fabulous jemocre shakes too I get to shakes just thinking about that don't get me started with food again Yeah, but you see how you did that to blame me. How did that come from you? Not me that's the last thing I'm thinking about is food You believe it? No, you know what the first thing I'm thinking about is oh, yeah, you're right food Well, okay, get on the way madzans before you're out. Let's see Charlie Christ and his sweet 16 friend Wayne madzans reports colleague and trip and flirt investigative journalist John Kaler of inside or magazine.com Is on cupboard evidence that GOP go to tour a candidate Charlie Christ I maintain the gay relationship of the 16 year old male 10 years ago Chris board on July 24th, 1956 is 50 years old is one time partner Born in 1979 is now 26 Chris was Florida Attorney General was able to hide his personal details under the patriotic inspired Shield laws designed a protect law enforcement officers allegedly live with his young partner Condom anyway at one beach drive and Saint Peter's Brey and you'll notice on the story if it shows up in whatever Air put on there there are the photos of the US individual in complex returns the 1040s from 2005 and 2002 with two different addresses after Chris allegedly into the relationship with the Ungramani decided to see higher office Chris decided to claim as his legal resonance The one time shared address with his partner one beach drive and Saint Peter's program instead of one come tax return However when he lived with his partner Chris ordered a void detection claim the address of his parents three bright water circle and Saint penis Virgaz is legal with his and as a picture of that 1040 Wayne madzans report is also learned that the number of gay Republican King planes and Florida media have on behalf of Chris campaign Interested with editors and publishers to prevent any news coverage or investigation of Chris's alternative lifestyle in fact many Florida's leading newspapers have endorsed Chris how do you like that huh? That's in the Wayne madzans report and again, I'm just I'm just passing along when he's right I don't know if it's true or not Huh, I'm just telling you what he's putting in there right right right? I do believe any of that proper ganda. I sure I believe it all. Yeah, it took Knowing what a bunch of your hypocrites were doing with like miss fudge for example What a silly hat that's silly hat and a chrome dome you silly queen man you silly Sellout there's one thing I cannot stand as people who sell out all the way I'll be interesting to find out what the prices Yeah, what are most what are you most addicted to by the way David Brock out of you years ago Miss fights that don't forgive him in our song in advance. You're yeah, and not to mention Lynn Samuel's your good close girlfriend your flaghead girlfriend I can't figure that old bag out at all can you no, I don't think you bag ramfs with flaghead 156 goes and look at that it's 1054 on a clock and it's 1056 on a pool You see the tremendous the union in the end the end the out cosmic coincidence Wow So who do you like better Tom Brady or Brady Quinn? I was supposed to be asking me that I'll take him both together. I have a like a Brady sandwich We're just a Brady bunch oh for me What are you most addicted to do? 698 c you think it's just me talking for like crap like that 6198 Neo Rogers show 140 sugar 135 pro oporto 1203 TV82 and both we ever had porto on TV. I mean free TV All the most of what they put on is pretty pornographic like there's that John McCain with a big cheek Fony balloon he never met a war he didn't like pot 69 refined car of 68 booze 55 I hate this poll 44 down to 4.1 percent again into it now again into it on with The internet 34 caffeine 24 gambling 21 sports 15 all how very sorry But that's only 1.4 percent of our vast audience who are obsessed with sports sleeping pills 15 heroin 14 cocaine 13 and meth six I think for a lot of these those sports nerd. I think sports is a substitute for sex Yeah, I mean I don't want to mention any names, but yeah, you know some people are professional sports nerds Can't get any and so this whole sports obsession is a substitute for having a sex life You know getting any 1056 at 560 WQ and we got mad dog in the Humper to do a 7 and we got the panther preview of 7 o'clock Panthers host the San Jose sharks at the macarina at 730 that must be why the man dog in the Humper are doing a triple A It must be a heat thing That's why Eric Reed was under polluting our morning show this morning. I school in parents no matter who the morning host Are you still in such the same old stuff on him over and over and over again We can take that point nine from September and turn it into a what's the point for October By the way Halloween tonight be nice to those kids don't you many crap give me some good idea chocolate That's right give me some good chocolate man give me some M&M and Nm M&M is you know auto accidents a really traumatic experience. Do I have to tell you that? No, of course not shock stress grief source It's something nobody wants to happen Well when it does you need help answering all the questions that'll erase through your mind. What do I do now? Do I need medical treatment when you need an attorney mindset of the compensation so many questions and where do you go for real answers? You need to be sure to get the right number the first time. We need help to get the right answers call one triple eight Crash 61. It's a free call. The answer your questions is no obligation one triple eight Crash 61 because you need answers not another answer 24 hours a day seven these week you can call it one eight eight Crash 61. It's your auto accident hotline One triple eight crash 61 toll free no obligation It all your questions answered about your auto accident by making that one toll free call one triple eight Crash 61 that's one eight eight. That's why did yesterday because it yours eight eight Crash 61 The biggest name The fastest we all Roger sports radio five 16 This is the Neil Roger show This is your brain Oh Hillary Clinton says she's a good senator, but what you don't know is She's ugly in 2001 Hillary entered a Washington DC ugly contest and was turned away because they told her Sorry no professional In 2003 a congressional investigation labeled Hillary is a nine iron She's good from about a hundred thirty yards away Can we really afford to elect the senator whose U G L Y and has no alibi? November 7 pull a bag over your head and pull the lever for John Spencer I'm John Spencer and I'm pretty oh, yeah pretty grotesque Who's he kidding memory of wrinkles on his pussy yesterday? Oh crater. That's wow It's 11.01 and five so if you that's our Sports intensive time how about those Patriots? Tom Brady pick a part at Minnesota secondary last night like an adult playing against a bunch of children They kept you on them on the sideline every time he took his helmet off They were like I've said whoever the cameraman was all I can say to you is you fair Wow, I've said with Tom Brady Just because he's a pretty guy, you know, and see a lot of people don't understand that Just because he's got a pretty face. Don't mean he ain't no great athlete That's why I'm really sick and tear to hear him about Sandy Peyton manning all the time Well he's undoubtedly the greatest quarterback in a gay ass screw him. Okay, he's idiot Who do you think's better Josh Tom Brady or a Sandy Peyton manning? Peyton man. Maybe it thank God we got Eric to get that strand there by the way if you want to see the The graphics on there the Photos You're all talking about the Photocopies of the 1040s. Well, it's not that important unless you don't believe that they're there But you can go a click go back and click which is linked to the original article Well, he's he's posting that stuff right now posting what he's gonna be putting up the pictures of that other the The tax return. Oh, they're in fact. He's a headier. They're already on there. You like us if you need that to go back to that link That much stink if you go to the link there. They are right there at the 1040 from 2006 5 whatever it is in 2002. Well, it is Eric man. I meant to this moment. I always knew he was good He is a magician he's a Mingia An investigation has revealed like 2,000 federal judges contributed 1,000 dollars to Republicans who helped place them on the bench salons reporting today a Four month investigation of bush appointed judges by the Center for Investigative reporting rights will Evans reveals that six of public court judges and 18 district court judges contributed to a total more than 44 grand Depolitions who were influential in getting them their appointments. Huh. I might just probably coincidence when you think of course Don't be so skeptical and don't be so cynical you will fag Some contributed money directly to the president after being officially nominated by him the article Reports other judges contributed to Republican campaign committees while they were under consideration for a judge ship Evans, let's civil Republicans who received money from judges on route to the bench. Among them Senator Arlin's Spector Governor George Pataki and senators rich San Torman Mike DeWine both of whom are going down next week by the way and They will they're going down The article says there are no laws of regulations prohibiting political contributions by a candidate for a federal judge ship But political giving by judicial candidates has been a rarely scrutinized activity when the process that determines who will receive life-long jobs on the federal bench Some ethics experts and bush appointed judges say that political giving is inappropriate for those seeking judicial orifice It can appear on ethical they same could jeopardize the public's confidence in the impartial of the nation's courts Uh-huh the president selects most federal judges with significant input from U.S. senators of the same party And Ohio that processes totally controlled by party politics says Tom Hago professor of University of Dayton, Lawsco School of Law and Part-time trial judge If you don't have the blessing of the county and state part share party chairs you can stop right there He said his brothers Republican Senator Chuck Hago of Nebraska believe me. He says they better get approval all the way up the line In other words, there are a bunch of cooks come a years of episode that a bunch of cooks High like garbage man just like how Thompson says where's our Thompson's editor? Oh, by the way Got in my pile where I lose that I don't want to lose that that would be really sad and bad KFC cuts trans fats you know why they're cutting the trans fats don't you? Because they're taking a lot of heavy duty crap. I don't know what I did with that dark Thompson thing Can you believe that because that's just very much unlike me? You know how much I've had his input and output God, we're in the break. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll put it out once again Well, I can't believe her. Scott the whole he's got the whole line yards on there for you So I like that red we go or whoever to help you are with your phony name red we go my ass Who do you trust to handle or back here's the new fool Republicans 33% Democrats 45% Unchure 11% how about ragheads when they put that on? Okay, you're not doing too good with junk. There's Carl Levin with those the bifocals on down with a tip of his big nose God It's a good thing he's Jewish. You know he's got that nice Because if he had like a tiny nose the bif only look even silly or then he already does he's a good guy He's just got a funny pair of glasses I'm actually known law enforcement official son reports today's New York Post. How come this story isn't in the hair of the Sun sent? I wonder who please you go they nearly a year ago to try to buy 400 pounds of pot from under cover I didn't steal free while his coat of fended languages in federal prison the New York Post is learned Sean Timony 26. Pretty guilty the 721st of last year to conspiring to possess with intent and distribute mirage a we 400 pounds of pot even George don't go through that in an hour No, since then his sentencing date has been postponed twice allowing him to work and undergo drug counseling the attorney said The fact that his father John Timony is currently the police chief in Miami was the chief of the Philadelphia Police and was one second in Commended the NYPD as raised questions as to whether the son is getting preferential treatment And I just can't believe that can you a fact No, that would never happen in America. No, I think when someone is clearly in he hasn't been incarcerated Nearly a year after the fact you can draw your own conclusions from that set a source close to the case There's this man. He's getting special treatment because of his dad is I don't know The younger timid was busted November 1st of last year along with Jay Sau a sue SU 23 and one of his candidates junior sale after they handed over a double bag step in nearly 450 grand cash run on the cover DEA agent and a rockham county motel room is down payment for the 400 pounds of pot but the whole episode was a sting captured on tape and timidings SU were arrested as they left the motel. Maybe that's a boy named Sue. Timony was released after his father and mother Nareen put up their mommy kind of as collateral for a 100,000 out of bond Sue events had Pennsylvania was also released on a hundred grand run since cleaning guilty timidies been louder Main free restriction of the states of New York and Pennsylvania while awaiting sentencing are sure as I'll help it That's what they had to send his ass to Buffalo to take the logger to dump her for depue Sue on the other hand taking killing February 28 was incarcerated immediately said his lawyer Lee Ginsburg Well, I'm sure must be related to Arne Wu again, but Sue was sentenced in August for a to 27 months in prison However, timidies lawyer at Haynes said it's not uncommon to be in free so long He had no recuity when it had drug treatment program went to the work in a construction trades What we said to the probation of armans give much chance to turn his life around the agreed to be flexible He wasn't the organizer of the mastermind of a drug ring just a driver. He was just a driver You as attorney Richard Hartunny and agreed there's no hold up It may have been a turn once you twice this happens in federal court from time to time It's all just another bloody coalition and saw you skeptics out there Are you lunatics or is looking to pick on people? I better find that drug Thompson thing. I careful who blew the reins Okay, I could print it off as to in two shades of landfield. I have a real slow Snow connection side GOP sleeves racism bigotry and homophobia That's the it's had a little drug Thompson's rant and I'm cooking print and I just clicked that baby and a light flashed into back there Underwall that the bulb flashes, you know, they're both plugged into the same outlet. Don't you think it's kind of neat? It is although in a sense that when you're finished or you're out the bulb flashes And it takes like about an hour later the story may print out or not all depending you hear that machine. Can you hear it printing? Now Here comes now. What's going to happen when this machine burns out? This a bit of another one Yeah, it comes in rice on the capital hill blue rant with the parties back against the wall The Republicans please my sheen when they're high year this past week Appealing to the inherent races and bigotry and homophobia that lie within GOP of extremists Hoping that fear and ignorance will turn the time and election they can't win in truth or on the issues Republican National Committee paying for a TV and the Tennessee Senate race Hoping that racial overtones can be well-drewed or under democratic candidate here will afford by suggesting he changes white women and parties with playboy centerfools Even the executives of Walmart hardly a bastion liberalism found the Tennessee at so despicable That it's never this relationship with me to produce a Terry Nelson who created the end of the GOP We believe this is the right course of action while marks spokesman Dave Towar said But in the Bowser Republican National Committee headquarters in Washington These sleeves my sheens and sleeves merchants rub their hands and glee and petting to the run-of-back We made race and issue in Tennessee brag one GOP a little bit longer to that always plays in our favor Yes, it does Republican Party is so overrun with racist bigots and homophobes that opinion the such stupidity always plays in their favor That's why President Bush the bigot and chief turned away from the taxes and terrorism If you see Trump it in the past ever least and only stay homophobic tire weight against gay marriage while campaigning among southern rednecks All right For decades activists judges have tried to redefine America by court order bush city yesterday while campaigning in the backwards of Georgia Just this last week in New Jersey another act of his court issued a ruling that raises doubts about the ensues to marriage We believe marriage is union between a man and a woman and should be defended But Bush's remarks are just the tip of the GOP's homophobia and in the end a rabbit right wing Republican and combat John Hausteller is running a 60-second radio Attic claims Democrats and San Francisco Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi will pursue a homosexual agenda If they win control of the house the next week's elections Pelosi will then put in motion a radical plan to advance the homosexual agenda led by Barney Frank Repremended by the house after paying for sex with a man who went to gay brothel out of congressman Frank's homes as the end go ahead vote for Brad elseworth Make Nancy Pelosi's day This is typical Republican gay bashing a few years ago Republican straightaway and control the Vermont legislature with a campaign that said Democrats favored programs that urged elementary school children to Assuming with game lesbian sex Equally appalling is the Republican hypocrisy on gay issues. It is after all one of their own Congressman Mark Foli of Florida who's caught up in a scandal for president pursuing young male pages The Republican leadership of congress ignored full his antics for years It could to consider it more important to hold on with seed They're holding on to a seat Bradcomb such annex provide more justification for why the party of the elephant must be driven from the halls of power in Congress Homophobia racism and bigantry have no place in our society Unfortunately, these outdated fears driven by ignorance and stupidity still exist and Now continually this is long through Republican party drugs. It's strength from fear and intolerance Aren't you that I printed that out against very nice your buddy Doug Thompson is whipped up into a frenzy until they come and take his ass away Which I'm a feared may have on one of these days? He might be well hidden. I sure hope so there in the hills in the lesion He hasn't maybe hanging out in Georgia's place up there maybe So if anybody wants to rate a joint it's Georgia's hangout up there in the Carolinas good luck I just send Chris Jones back up there too while you're at it Did he ever come in did he ever pop his head in the door and say what's going on? What the can I do to you guys? No Sure, 112 votes on our pool by the way. We got 11 at 11 medicine Oh in the earth city mayor Michael Bloomberg is a hot on the campaign to help with julie brimman That also must be just a coincidence, huh? The fact that the Republican mayor of New York is out there campaigning with alleged former Democrat and now we depend on candidate and guess who the New York Times is Orc in that race by the way I give up middle of mind. All right Don't forget it's not only Halloween. It's the last day of October which means it's probably Lala. I don't know because nobody will give me an information that's just the way it is with Chris Jones at the helm and with Ryan Schmutz By the need to tell me you might have Brian Schmutz to come back. He is such an absolute retard It's loopback road Chevy's raised to a thousand for the first time in their history They got the biggest lesson new in use cars including those hot new Corvettes which is the ultimate Not just sports car the ultimate vehicle of any kind take it for me They got your trucks SUVs minivan's huge Solution they've also got used cars starting into 3,9995 everyone backed by a car-fascar entity and Lubeback road with their goal of selling a thousand cars this month is staying open till midnight every night Month and every night during the month of October to get that thousand number whatever it is Forget about price make of an off-it-o-beet any deal more money for your trade 0% financing remains above the six red whatever it takes to get your ass in a car in an unbeatable deal Only a loopback road Chevy two locations for you there in Pompano Beach a quarter mile west of on 95 in coconut creek 441 just Southern the sagrass don't forget this thing open till midnight tonight So get your ass over to Lubeback road for an unbeatable deal on the new Chevy road dreams or check them on the web and Lubeback road b a ch RO dt Lubeback road dot com The biggest name of best tell us with the thesis for your Rogers force radio 560 Look at and stick it. Hey boys and girls It's me to railways it's time for teos Fair 10 Is home of babies new to jack corner set in the corner wide open all day long single coverage and truth that's Oh, can't get the bar of truth. I'm open We that's not how little jack one or go that's good. They teos that is here another one Simple Simon Metapyman who could recover the taller strong your more athletic to railways nobody can cover me Competently Known this outfits set on the puppet board of what as confessed Would the revolution come to say you see that? They were a cow run the post gallanta m own a  Let's go! Let's go! Shut up! Here's a short one. Bob, Bob, that's cheap. I want to be trading. No more anyone's out of here. I don't need you all. I don't want you all. Stop out! No, David, anything. No kidding. It's 11-19, even a little kid's getting finger that out. Oh, you know who the Patriots got to play in November the first game in the last game in the month, John? Who'd that be? Colts next week and in the last game in the month, they got to play the Bears. Not getting any easier. No, kick the rest. Or not. How about those Patriots, huh? Wow. So, here's a hop-erander talking about bringing back which dive, as which dive, was just really kind of embarrassing. And the poor old Larry Cokerman, you see what happens when they lose a couple of games there, five and three to hurry a game. That's unacceptable in South Florida. Because the whole fan base, 90% of its phony is an $80 billion anyway. And so if they lose a game or two, who wants to go see a bunch of crap like that? I want to brawl very briefs out of it when they're playing a little girl school. Like if I use. Huh. Well, it's all a bunch of garbage if you ask me, you know what? All that hurry king garbage? I know today when they're playing, that's another story. I mean, I always loved other day. Yeah. What's the paper? We're back up quarterback's name, the kid from USC. What is it name? USC. Isn't he from USC? I don't think so. Where's he from? I don't know. I'm going to have to. I thought they had to do a little work there. I mean, Eric did all the heavy listing on that other thing there for you. This is a really easy assignment. Because he came in last the series there because they wanted to really get an injured injured as thinking or something like that. You don't look too bad either. Think whoever is drafting out there, whoever is doing the recruiting for the papers that are fine eye. Now, when you think the dolphins, if they get finished last and it would say could, they got some stiff competition in there like Arizona and first goal and whatever. But if they get the number on draft pick, when you think Brady Quinn would be longitudinal they need a quarterback very badly. Huh? We can think? I don't think Brady Quinn's going to be very good in the league. Sorry to disappoint you. You don't know, wonder your former roommate kicked your ass out. That's what the real storm must be. You've turned really sour last time. I don't know what happened. No, no, what happened with him or what's going on, George? No, why would I know? Some going on there. Brady Quinn's not going to be a very good quarterback. I don't think he is. How do you know that? Based on what? He looks pretty good to me. Well, New York Times has endorsed him or quite a candidate and led them on for you as center from Connecticut. No one expects legislative or to dictate military tactics says the editorial. Put it in the time Sunday edition. But what we need from the next crop of elected officials in Washington as a willingness to face reality is to choose from among difficult options and have the courage to be honest with the public about the consequences. On those points, Mr. Lamont has vith far the better candidate to Times writes. Now, he also led Lamont while running a far less policy campaign and presses with his intelligence and growing sophistication about the issues. The Times, especially amongst Julie women, stands on the Iraq War, saying that he not only had continually defended the administration's Iraq policy, but also attacked him or grants who criticized the president. He had more cause for a soul searching than most if they'll destroy capacity for growth and change. They said he was far vithin. Instead of re-evaluating his own positions, Mr. Lieberman claimed his constituents for a fairly notice that he'd offered some negative comments about the conduct of the war to mainly when he was running for the Democratic nomination for the president in 2004. He didn't protest when Dick Cheney said that people have voted for Mr. Lamont or giving counsel about cardatips. His only reflection seemed devoted to re-examination of the rules for getting back on a ballot. Since his primary defeat, Mr. Lieberman has run a well-packaged campaign, filled around his self-alarm, a sign by partisan image. It's not about politics, say his ads. But it is very much about politics. From that photo-special interest campaign donations, it's been running Mr. Lieberman's way to the old Carl Roeveless and the political winner's never meant to error. We're living in perilous times, as the Times being able to work with the opposition party, Mr. Lieberman's claim to fame is hardly a side of moral courage when the opposition party controls the White House, sent and the House. President Bush did not need Mr. Lieberman's persistence to fortuna Iraq when he had the difference of his own party's members and Congress. What the company needed in what Connecticut had the right to expect was for Mr. Lieberman to risk some of his bipartisan clout to call attention the way Iraq was spiraling out of control. We hate you, Lieberman. The fatal problem Mr. Lieberman's candidacy is not that he was wrong about the invasion, but that he hasn't shown any capacity to grow and change. Suggesting that getting rid of Donald Trump's failed might be a good idea is hardly a breakthrough at a time when the Secretary of Defense to support his or pretty much limited to the present and members of Trump's self-sfamily. Times really ripped you, Lieberman. As, how do you like that? You think it's going to get a job done? Oh, he's going to win. Damn him. That's the same party. He's going to win. 1202 votes on that pool. And the number one is sex. They're addicted to sex. They can't get enough. They can't stop. Can't stop thinking about it. Morning, noon, and night. All these comments about Tom Brady and Brady Quinn and all these facts in the Republican party. It's all like a sex-face. It's like a big orgy man. By the way, you're right, Matt Kassell from Southern Cal, I've never heard of him. I know I paid for his man, his name is Kassell. Matt Kassell not Kassell. Yeah, what if Howard Kassell you're thinking of? There you go. Matt Kassell, he played the last season. I think he's been looking good. In fact, he played one of the, he played the exhibition games. Right and never played the exhibition games. And he played pretty good. Matt Kassell. See, next one thing you have to groom a young quarterback for your future, which how many years was I screaming about that. The dolphins never did that after the Danny days. They never groomed the young quarterback for your place. That a bunch of stiffs, including the off-engineer Doddie's Cal peppers. And of course, Joey, Heather, to know what every Howard name is. My God. Joey, Harrington. Woo! Who the hell did they say this coming week? Oh, the bears. Wow. I still say 63 to nothing. Sounds like a logical score in that game. Go to. I'll give them three. You've got all the 63 to three for Chicago and that game. Federal authorities, yesterday, formally charged former Palm Beach County game. And of course, if they start out one, and what's that going to be? One in seven. Yeah, one in six. One in seven? Yeah, one in seven. Oh, what's going to happen then? Is anybody going to show on? Oh, no. They're going to be even their tickets. The season ticket, they're always going to be even their tickets. And they're the trash can. They're only having a bonfire. Instead of a tailgate party, they're going to be having bonfires. People burning their season tickets and all their dolphin paraphernalia. You know how they turn. They turn real fast in that town. Federal authorities yesterday formally charged former Palm Beach County Commission Chairman Tony Masalati with conspiracy to commit fraud by making millions from three secret land deals. US attorneys office in West Palm Beach said it was seek to find Masalati 250 grand, put to imprison for a maximum of five years, and request a forefriture of millions of dollars in assets. In a 35 page listed charges, the US attorney said it Masalati's land deals in Martin County, Revard County, and Palm Beach County. How do you like that? In one Palm Beach County, the El Masalati's accuser received between 40 and 50 grand for his assistance in helping develop a developer of South Traffic Problems concerning the land that I see as Palm Beach County was selling in the town of Rural Palm Beach. Another deal, Masalati and his family members, Leji, got 100 grand in three air travel from a developer who did business with the county and purchasing a former public horse riding area in New Orleans. The property was bought by a group headed by developer Bruce Rendina who was only identified by his initials in the charges. In a Revard County deal, Masalati allegedly created a trust called the ARM family land trust in the deal. The property was bought by the 40,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 Last Friday,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 10,000 comeon,000 already,000,000,000.,000,000,000,000,000!000!000!000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000!!000 per depending!000,000!000!000,000,000,000 lifter!000!000,000,000,000,000,000.000,000...000,000,000,000!000,000.000 only!000,000.000!000!000,000,000,000,000!000,000!000,000!000,000,000!000,000!000,000,000!000,000,000!000!000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000!000,000!000.000!000,000,000,000,000!000,000!000,000,000,000,000,000,000!000!000!000 But you think it's for my place to see I can't move out of the kids Keep the terror rolling Freeze people don't push I'm in the new mommy, people don't push Cause I've got money So I've got no life, I've taken this baby Who a new African baby People don't push I'm in the good mommy, people don't push I've got no death, no need, no don't push Oh, I'm going to the police who People don't push They have to call you and I'll know me What's up 30, 3, 27, I'll know you All these stupid ass pages stop coming out of my Thanks machine please No but Mark Salt, follow me Irish is Brady Queen goes back and for GQ This is on the AOL Sports website, I can't believe this I think the whole world is turning gay What's this all about? Even I'm embarrassed by this It says following the footsteps of famous footballers Brian Cushing David Beckman, Christiana Ronaldo Christiana Ronaldo I feel like that Notre Dame quarterback Brady Queen is hoping he can leverage his good looks and popularity among the gays in order to gain mainstream approval and appeal And maybe a high-slint trophy What is a popularity among the gays have to do with learning the high-slint trophy Josh That would be a question for you I don't know that there are any people voting on it Since Ben notes of Quinn's interview in photo spread in interview magazine Interview is conducted by former out editor in chief Brendan Lemon Best known for being the guy who claimed to be dating a famous class in baseball player and photographed by Bruce Weber The photographer was known for his bro's twin pictures and we're not talking about midwestern baseball teams It says we imagine that Papa Razi is not a mute Papa Razi, oh I never heard that one before did you? Nope Wow The Nazi Pope Papa Razi That's cute Anyway, I know what that's all about It's just like this obsession Yeah You know, 1146 votes on the pool We don't have a right around noon, 12 by noon 2 by 4 Harvey Wasserman and Papa trackers remember those guys They were with what happened in Ohio They've been writing all these new all this research on fish Distillations Well, a shocking in the GOP court victory and Carl Roves attack on Ohio 2006 Doom that Democrats nationwide question mark With a major GOP federal court victory, the Ohio 2006 election has descended into the calculated chaos that has become the trademark of Carl Roves Election Tips And that could help keep the Congress in Republican and the Nationwide Through a complex series of legal maneuvers and now a shocking new The student from the 60th Circuit Court of Appeals The GOP is thrown on Ohio's entire process of voting in vote counting Into a serious disarray The mess is perfectly designed as a press voter turn out Make a election monitoring and we count impossible And a lot of Republican party emerged with the victory Despite overwhelming evidence the electorate wants exactly the opposite The disaster in Ohio began immediately after the theft of the presidential election Ohio in 2004 Though the majority of Ohio wins our registered Democrats The jury-mandered state legislature is overwhelmingly Republican Soon after John Kerry considered it passed House Bill 3 A draconian assault on voter registration drive Zoting rights and the ability to secure reliable recounts a federal level elections In brief, H. Bill 3, H.B. 3, stacked virtually impossible set of requirements On the voter registration process As else for a nationwide, voting is traditionally involved citizens coming to the polls And signing a poll book Upon a signature check from a poll worker, a ballot has been given A similar process has been in effect for absentee ballots There is no recent evidence this method is incurred significant voter fraud But GOP's H.B. 3 has imposed a series of raccoonian requirements for voter ID Included demand for certain documents very difficult to obtain By many poor homeless elderly or other largely democratic demographic groups As in like black To further complicate matter, secretary of state J. Kenneth Blackwell Who's now in charge of the same election which he is the GOP nominee for governor Is that in some additional entirely arbitrary disqualifying factors of his own Blackwell was the state court in the co-chair of the Bush Taney campaign in the 2004 election Which he also ran while making key decisions that gave Bush Taney a second term in the White House On all I've seen deep ballots, H.B. 3 demands an identifying driver's license number The equivalent but Ohio drivers license is a two co-genum The correct one's got two letters and six numbers The wrong one is 11 number bureaucratic code that appears above the ID photo According to preliminary reports as many as 10% of those sending an F.C. B.B. If included the wrong code, this is qualifying their vote The process is still confusing that when Republican federal judge in the court proceeding is Volunteer the fact that they actually put the same wrong number on an application for a redlc car Temporarily nullifying his contract In Columbus Board of Elections Director Matt Damishruder estimates that 5,000 balance Will already be disqualified in Franklin County alone So far the wave of F.C. B.B. B.B. If you have any questions about the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the for the kids, many nukes. How's that sound? Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Nutrition. Pontension. It's a mily-skiy-like girl job. All right. Can't go tan. You're who you're at. Money volume. Am I a okay? You're here. Think forever. Don't you think? I will. Okay? You gave You're at paying attention to family views. So many accidents. LikeHA Spanner. Volody's colloquially known as the build. He knows him as Sanfels, how he jpeenermen. Now he's bringing his supercellius energy to America's favorite game show. Hi, valiant competitors, 100 individuals have been meticulously cleared. And the six most privileged responses on the board. Buzz has already named something you'd put in your pick-upcrack. Oh, the theme. Er... er... er... Dirt. So, mid-tarot. Ferran! Number one answer a technical rejoinder. Well done, not well done indeed. Family feud. Two average families. And one pretty precious host. Ten is in the TV Land. I'm John O'Hirlie and I cojiri request the honor of your presence sort of spirit. It's a repo, dummy book at his family's field. Family well and got scared. Okay, so, in 45 a QM, here's a fact. It says, state might like to as based on your funding with unusual first names in the past. From Peter King, of course illustrated. It says, the Rams have no one on their roster named John, Tom, Michael, Dan, Robert or David. They do have players named Ashimogo, Ashilimogo, Turamitius, Reynal, Pisa, Focker, and La Roy. What was that second last one there? FAKHIR. Fock here. Oops. Tell whatever. Let her always say, yeah. I said that guys got a strange name. Cancer and heresus try to become a U.S. senator speaking of people who fix elections. Says she's writing a tell about the many people who have wronged her, Aw poor baby. I think she is certifiable, put her in a rubber room that bitch. This includes, but is not necessarily limited to the Republican leaders who didn't monitor to run. The press that has covered a troubled campaign, and the many staffers who quit her employee whom she accuses of colluding with her opponent. This is from the Washington Post. She's vague about what precisely makes her a victim, but she says she is at all documented. I've been writing it all year. She says, in that kittinish voice, she often smiles and cocks her head as if she's letting you in on a secret. It's going to be a great book. If it is, maybe one of the very few things that go well for the two-term Republican African-American woman, once beloved by the Republican leadership for her role in stealing, I mean, overseeing the 2000 recount that delivered the presidency to George Bush. Harris was snubbed by those old friends before the primary. Republican Sheetons considering her two-portarizing the Winner statewide race, tried to recruit others, and fan asked Governor Jam Bush and publicly, she couldn't win. She couldn't win a official, actually said. Fund raising has been poor. She's come under scrutiny for her role in a bribery scandal. She's got flagged for a series of bizarre statements including comment and August. If you're not electing Christians, then lessons you're going to legislate soon. Oh, how did we miss that one? If you're not electing Christians and in essence, you're going to legislate soon. Y'all. The Democrats she had challenging the Lukewarm Senator Bill Nelson was once considered highly vulnerable. Nowadays, according to recent polls, Harris is down by 26 or 35 points, approaching political rigor mortise. The only way Bill Nelson could lose this said, Darrell Paulson, a political scientist and Republican at the University of South Florida, is if he got himself an a drug-induced stupor and ran naked down the Main Street with home town. They can make the polls say whatever they want, Harris says, She says, Post is sometimes called her house and then hang up because we're not answering them the way they like. The way Harris sees it, a vast, left and right win conspiracy and companies seeing both a liberal media and the Republican elite is attempting to keep harassed out of the Senate. She says, anyone could see the way the panel of questioner is coddled Nelson at their debate last week. Her voice gets all high in mocking as she emitates them. Oh, Senator Nelson she says, I mean, come on. Perhaps the worst bloated Harris's campaign has been the stories that have emerged from former staffers. They describe a jekyll and high candidate who can be seductively charming at one moment and puts a temper tantrum the next, throwing a cell phone at a wall where she can paper as a campaign manager or maybe putting her fist through the wall like Greg Reed. Former Chief Advisor Ed Rollins, who managed Reagan's reelection to the White House Navy force and working for a Harris was like being an insanity camp. He likened her staff to dogs that have been kicked before he became the first of three campaign managers to quit Jim Durnan program to self owned a play the things on from the exist when it were hers called. Oh no, that is absolutely unacceptable man. In other words, hey, Katherine, what you all who said, I'm wondering what pop out racsey I think about this comment. That's a great line, Papa Ransi. Yeah, think about all the things we're like drooling over Brady Quinn. Good Catholic boy, noted in Tom Brady's also Catholic, by the way. Do you know that, Jack? Oh, now I do. And he's also registered to the developer, never voted in his life. And registered as a nonpartisan. They keep trying to enable him down, you know, politically like, where is the Debra Crabbinger because Bush invited him to White House at one time after the Patriots, one of their three Superbals. And he's smart enough, he ain't going to do it. Plus I'm sure he's got other things taking a bit of time, you know, like family and his hot blonde girlfriend, things like that. I'm going to tell you something, Mr. Lexus started to really frost my ass, you know what? Good. Well, it's not good because then I can't email trash 8000 stories by the end of the show. When you break down like me, you're teaching how to do it like a normal person, then you're likely to be, but I'm not a normal person, so I would rely on you. No, that's called fakeness. I was going to say it to you. I'm not going to say it to you. But you know why I still love it. Less than six hours after the accident, the guy go claim a gesture with that my house. Well, I put on some tendery little bit for Los Alanchid the door. And guy goes service turned out to be the best birthday present I could ever want. I was one little lucky woman. Ha ha ha ha ha. A lot of people don't get that spot, and that is the fancy interplay they don't get it. I know what you need to do to really get it. I'm adding. President Bush's popularity hasn't been void by a series of public events in recent days, according to a brand new CNN pool. The Bush is a pool ready still, however, is in the high 30s, where it's been throughout October. The pool conducted by opinion research Corp. Found that 37% of Americans in Pearl Harbor, Bush's handling is jump, and who those people are, man, I'd sure like to find them, and see what they'll is wrong with them. Those are the faith-based people. Reality needs nothing to them. And 58% is approved. The president's approval dropped slightly from the pool taken a week earlier from 39 out of 37, but the change was with them in the pool sample year of plus or minus, muscle-mainless trace, 3% of points. Popular my ass, just amazing to me, that's saying 30 to 35 or 37% because it never changes. And you're right, they're the far-bizs, they're the Giskees, filled with hate. We hate you, are you blacks and women and homoes and whatever, for the solid-bomb, good old-fashioned hate. Let's take a look at that pool and see how we're doing, because I'm not really pushing it today. Am I? Not pushing it enough. 1175, so you're not even going to get 12 at noon. That's bad. I probably have a big programming meeting about that. Oh, what are we going to do to go back up those midday numbers now? How about if we get some good sports segments in there? Maybe we can get our win bag on, not at basketballs underway again. Is our still on the morning show Josh, do we know where I'm sure he is? I'm sure he is, yeah. Because this morning, we talked to his teeth about soft stuff. I heard a couple of minutes in there, if his jurors came in a little bit later, the usual, or maybe I came in here earlier than usual. A little of both I think. It was not a pretty sight. I'm an average in 75, of course, when I come in here, my underwear is never pretty sighted. That's beside the point. What are you most addicted to? 6 to 119, the knee or larger is your 151. Sugar 144. That's my vote. It's not even a contest. It is just overpowering overwhelming. And when you got a producer, we keep talking. I scream and you scream and don't ask him, you're the one that brought it up. It was score. I had two score bar. Oh, did not bring it up. I did not bring it up. I let it show it up. I had two score ice cream bars. And then I had some other cramps. All car. If I can know what? That was after I had my low car pasta. Well, what's the point to have low car pasta? Real one. You can score ice cream bars. It's called Colby and an idiot. It's called having a death wish. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing. Chris Jones makes me want to have a death wish. Not for myself, but for him. For a poor know, 133 is run after sugar. 135. Sweet. TB 92, pot 85. Refined car 72. Booze 67. I hate this poll only 48. People need percent. I'll be getting back to a real estate number. The internet 41, caffeine 32, gambling 24, sports 19. Wow. Cocaine 16, sleeping pills 15, heroin 15 and meth 7. 7 people say their life is a real meth. And we're always seeing these, these exposs on the network news, while meth is destroying communities all over America. And all these people are addicted to meth and it's making a meth of their lives and their families. Always seeing that. Yeah. Anybody believe it? No. George, if you're using little, you know, him a buzz. Sure. Something that'll distract me from my pain. Sniffing blue. Sure. Whatever. What do you got? Pain. Yeah. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. Sturne. I am one of them. You like the smell of gas? I love it. Well, look, let me see right here, and come to say McDonald's. I'm out for it. Oh no. Oh no. Take a sniff. Let's store out your power more. Toisam, shall tuat. That's the guy's name. If you do, you'll throw those schmaqeit names. Toisam shall tuat for more political advisor De Assadem Hussein's Son. said today that before the US invasion of Iraq in March of 2003, Saddam Hussein expressed his intent to yield to all-American demands, but the Bush administration refused his offers according to a press release on Yahoo News. What are Yahoo? Shaltut is a Canadian citizen who claims he was beaten repeatedly by US office as well in a wrecked in an Iraqi detention camp. Under his spirit in a once having been a right-hand man for Saddam Hussein. Saddam was willing to yield all-American demands, announced an unannounced to reach peaceful resolution-shetting-shaltut, but the Bush administration including Elizabeth Cheney, Under Secretary of State, David Welts, US ambassador in Egypt, and Jean Cretz, his political act to shape it and not respond to his offers. Shaltut claims that in March of 2003, just as he was to read the Iraqi Government's official report to the Bush Al-Tamid amount on Al-Hazirah, the broadcast was interrupted and the plot was pulled on the transmission. He also maintains that later when the Americans arrived in Baghdad, he offered his assistance to US military officials, but instead was arrested by a Marine to went to his hotel suite and took his documents. Left unmentioned in the press release our sheltered claims that he was tortured in abuse during his imprisonment. In May of 2004, he told MSNBC's Chris Matthews, I was there to convince Saddam Hussein to step down and I was in last hours working on this peace agreement sheltered said, and I wanted him to keep the agreement that he agreed to step down only 15 minutes before the end of the album. That's what I was doing there. Shaltut claimed that he was beaten in torture where a held in the Iraqi prisoner to extract a false confession that he was once who sands right-hand man. They wanted me to confess because they found the speech I was going to say and said that I'm not the only speech writer of Saddam Hussein which I was not and they want me to confess on his right-hand man. The East Airloo has a PBF link which contains Shaltut's written claim to the US Art Department of the Army. According to his website, writes in Freedom International, Shaltut is currently running for President of Egypt. So, in other words, Saddam was waiting just about anything to offend off the crap, but there was a reminder. Long before 9-11, long before the stolen election of 2000, this was part of the game plan. That's what's all about. See, the public thinks that the media is feeding them what really is going on. Media is feeding a pile of crap. Okay? The media is feeding you strictly of power. In fact, you can smell it. Oh yeah. You're a test. Media is feeding you a gigantic egg fart. That's what they're feeding you. Oh, speaking of eggs, I better go out and get some bacon. Good plan. In fact, that might cause some of my... You know, I don't think that egg beans is good for you, you know? I don't know. I would know. It's good for chemicals and crap and stuff and binds you up and sticks to the pan, six to the fork and a plate and just sticks to the walls, sticks to your rack-o-inwards, some ribs. Six-year ribs, man. You know, I haven't had ribs in so damn long. I was Tony rumble still around. Yep. Yeah. Who's the guy? Well, Bobby Rubino is the guy that died, right? Yes. Now, it's Bobby Rubino still around. I don't think so. I don't know. Who used to be a Tony rumble's right by WWE and WWE on Love The Mower there by, and as they say, the Dixie Highway. Why did they say the Dixie Highway? I don't know. Because it's not a lot of them. Sounds like I kind of a redneck thing, you know? But the Dixie Highway. Love them and US-1. Right. That's where WWE end WWE is used to be, just not the corner there. Well, that's the right across from the street from the convenience store that they kept knock him off all the time after the Mariel Bolif. That poor bastard, smirkal he was still alive. Maybe he's dead now. Maybe they came back and got him. You know, the building I'm talking about, it's a small white looks like a small house. I want the fact that building is right now, you know? Didn't WWE snooze, WWE snooze moved across the street, didn't they? Like down 441, where the ticket is now? I'll drive down the right now and see. Here, go over there and see what the hell is going on. See if there are a certain shipy for the dolphins over there across the street, Joe Fineberg and his rich dad. The Big East name, so best! Well, I don't use the rest. You can use the last two people off the line on the mall, we can use the same thing. Big Jam. Well, this is the therapy of his. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back up on my Naples, and that's when I listen to the Neo Rathas 12-1 hour. Here's the walking up and down the road, all my pride. Don't wear me costume, don't wear me now, there's one thing that's way out. When you hear them something sweet, when they come down the street call, treat you. You're something by side, you're everything is mine, and I won't shoot your car. We won't keep you going. Come in and help me, just for a treat for a gently feel. Come on, we need you. It's just a surprise like a fearing hand. Come on, we're going to be at the AAA arena doing their shows. I guess that's got something to do with the heat and that crap, huh? Well, they would be when they get the rings and they're opening games. Oh, and that is exciting or what? You know, my computer's all screwed up now, didn't you know that? Is it? Yeah, we're clocked. I don't know, it handed a little extra, Lexus evil, you know, I tried to take it that. You won't listen to me. I don't, I'm a hard head. I'm going to restart, I'm going to reboot it over there, and maybe I can take a look at it. What's his name from Tristan's old? James Frank O'Neill. You haven't seen that yet, huh? I've seen this for instance, for Frank O'Neill. It's not a part of the first thing before I left the lock thing before I left it, I tried to burn it again. Trying to make it another DVD of it. And then Steve. Well, I decided I balanced the discussion under an MSNBCD, but more than just a few of the fascists from US News and will report and Pat Buchanan. That sounds like good balance to me. The wrecking of private insurmountry is telling us that our circle of the situation in Iraq is nearly out of control according to CBS News and television sources. Nearly out of control. Pentagon sources have told the network that a general case will require 100,000 more Iraqi troops than 325,000 were trained to, in order to secure the nation. The security situation out of his worsening and Iraqi troops have proven to be less effective than their American counterparts. Additional American troops may be called up to help train the new Iraqi security forces, and the US may also double the number of advisors in each Iraqi unit. As of this morning, the Pentagon is, while we are told, 103 US casualties in the month of October, but we still got all the rest of it they go in, although it's night time over there now, so we better hurry up. Prime Minister Maliky is ordered that all checkpoints in Baghdad be lifted. Lara Logan of CBS News reports had in some American troops' expected violence will now increase, and her left questioning why US commanders were live checkpoints to be removed now. The move was widely seen as a victory from a taudah al-Sadar of Saudi city who controls one of the largest militias in Iraq. The inspected general of warms that Iraqis don't even have the capacity to fund or maintain their army, the Pentagon is being called on to provide better weapons and armored vehicles to Iraqi security forces. The Pentagon's inspected generals found that 14,000 small arms provided to the Iraqis and I'm missing a quote about that yesterday. Anybody care? No. Your paying for it, your tax dollars man, they're raping you. You're sticking their hand in your wallet and just raping you. That's what's going on. Now let's see if our website will come up here or not. Who does this baby? Well, I'd like to say something is evil, and you want them to know why it causes connected to? Through that explorer. Not to mention it's by where in and of itself and should never have been used in the first place. But other than that. Yeah. What do you mean should never have been used in the first place? You try to tell me how to run my deal over here now? Oh no, I would never. Let me ask you something. Who's computer do you think we're better? You're as a mine. No, fairness. Seeing as how I bought both their, they're both your computers and you have a good connection up there and a bad connection here and that doesn't mean. But I'd like to say something. He wrote on the poll. I might back up there. Thanks to Missile Firefog. I can take you around to explore and share where the moon goes. Okay. It's evil. It's part of the axis of evil. Internet of S floor in AOL. They're definitely both part of the axis of evil. Once you think. Absolutely. Absolutely. Albert Drill, Alabama, Albert Drill, Alabama. Police say a Marshall County teen rate to his mother to get revenge on his brother. Police say 19 year old Gary Helm's junior rate to his 45 year old mother this past weekend. At Willow Terrace Trailer Park on Doer Drive and Albert Drill. Oh, Trailer Park. How unusual. I thought that's a part of the course. It's a twisted planet. Police say Helm's admits. From what we understand, the rape stem from an argument between him and his brother. And apparently they were arguing over a girlfriend. And the rape was some sort of retaliation toward his brother, since Sergeant Jamie Smith, of the Albertville police department. It was unusual retaliation on non-suspecting victim. A 30 say Helm's mother was apparently passed out drunk on the couch. When the rape started, oh, how unusual and a trailer parking in Alabama. See, you know, you keep wondering about that 30 I do too. That 30 percent, 35. Just stop and think about what Nick, USA, man. I've been there. I've seen those people. I've seen those people. I've seen those people. During the attack, she did come to and recognize her attacker as her son. Smith said, that's what occurred to the police report. The mother tried to get away, but he held her down until he was finished. It's totally sick is what it is said. Smith, Helm's was arrested and charged with the first rape of his own mother. Smith said it's hard to wrap your mind around. Shocked. Shocked to be a better way to describe it. He said that somebody would dip to the loaves and do something of this nature. It's just pretty much a shock to the conscience of the general public. Smith, Helm's is being held in Marshall County, jail. On $100,000 a bond. That's what goes on in the trailer parks. Folks, that's why they use that term trailer trash where they think incest is best. And can I take a peek at your breast? Like I said, when the heat was said, that movie is trailer trash. Come under 28 votes on the pool. I think we got a shot of getting 13 by 1300 and maybe 14 by 1400. Speaking of sports in the tremendous popularity of same, a world series to remember for the same list. Come out of the way. We ever get a facet from Dave the cop. No, he had listened to them. No. It grinds once ever like a revolving in the town out of the country. Out of town of what? Out of the town? Out of the town? Jesus, God Almighty leaves us with a situation and he's on vacation at this station. This makes the leave station. If you people had any idea, you see that the audience I'm sure most of them think all that and they are now. They always think that. But I'm such a kid here and I'm always just laying it on thick. These people have got a clue. It's a miracle that a lot of these folks run in this place and get out of bed on a assisted in the morning. In fact, I'm not so sure that they do. You know what I mean? What do you mean? They're full of crap. But you know something asked me if I care. Do you care? No. A world says to remember for the Cardinals with Wonder for Get When It came to TV ratings. The Cardinals five game victory over the Tigers average day record low. 10.1 television rating in a 17-year Fox said Sunday. Who would have had to watch a pile of crap like that? It was bad. It was lame. This year's rating dropped 9% from the previous bottom and 11.1 for a 4 game is sweet by the white socks over the Astor's last year. The number keeps going down year after year after year. Less and less interest. But made the low rating more remarkable was that this year series won five games. It wasn't a sweet. St. Louis's Ford and two win a Friday night's finale got a 10.3 and 18-year and figures compiled by Nielsen. Just above the record low for game five, a 10.017-year for the John 16 to four round of the Antehym Angels in 2002. Games won three and four were also record low for their games. And game two was above the low of 11.1 Sevized Year. I hope they lose their ass-foss sports and foxes in general and Rupert Murdoch and all those far-bisc enough go-im. I like that. And even Josh and I think he was fortunate that he is. He watched a total maybe of nine and he's. I watched a total maybe nine pitches. I like that. George watch a total of none. What? And when George stops watching a world series then you know they got Real Service. One, two, three, four. Look at that. That's all. That's something by Lynn very one, two, three. So, met his and a bottom by the way. Oh, damn it. They got that new yogurt with meth on the bottom. You steer it up a little bit. You know, dunk in hotter? No. He's running for president. Well, we'll get to that. We'll get to that moment here. Once we finish with whatever else is going on here. Sure. So, is Chris whatever his name is is Jones in the building or is he just Jones in the worst day away in the world all this? I haven't seen him today. Is he there? You told me we haven't not hold another big meeting day. Probably. Probably. Somebody told me that's what I'm going to say. Oh, they haven't another big meet. Look at that. Joe Scarborough, Lord Zuckerman and Pat Buchanan. There's a fair and balanced pound panel if ever someone MSNBC. Three at liars. Oh, my God. It's just amazing to me. The swill. You're going to get to truth from the network span from your TV set. Like how you are. Take that thing and toss it out the window. Schmidt Cannon. Not that screen out with a battle axe. It is the Halloween. It's October 31. It's the last day of the month. So I'm assuming that live backwards. Chevy's race to a thousand is ending tonight at midnight. They're staying open to a midnight like they've been all month because they want for the first time in their history to reach a thousand cars sold in one month. They're really doing it. And the reason they're doing it is because they're serviced. There's salespeople and selection vehicles are unbeatable. And of course, their prices be unbelievable. Especially right now during this special time. They've got the biggest selection of new news cars. And food in the hot new Corvets. Trust SUVs and many bands. They've also got use cars starting at their 39. 95 each and every one backed by a car fax guarantee. Blueback roads have to get to a thousand cars and sold this month by midnight tonight. And they're staying open to them. And I'd like to get to that deal. Forget the price. Make them an offer. They'll be any deal you can bring in more money for your trades. 0% financing. We've made some up to six grand. Whatever it takes to get it done for you. Only a blueback road Chevrolet two locations for you. And top of it will be to quarter my West of mind. Any five in a coconut creek on 441. Just some of the sawgrass. Be sure to tell that Brian Schmutz sent you a money. Go back road. And don't forget to stay open till midnight tonight. So go to the blueback road and get the best deal on a Chevy in history of your life. Or check them on the web at loopback road. BACHRODT. Loopbackroad.com. The best talent. This is wheel rotters for Shredio 560. 8. David's a bitch. Oh, hello. It's a deal. Rear. Kim Jong-il. So people are really upset. I took a nuclear weapon. Press thing I wanted to do is a stain of money. So I'm a half a no-correal. And many reasons to dare to live. Reveal. I'm sorry. Party. So my bad. Free the debt. My apology. The brim frost. I'm a blind-core. Look inside of my grass. Seriously. I'm sorry. So we go right. Yeah, you go. You go boy. 918 at 560 WQAM. Mad dog from the AAA arena. What is it? The good neurotampenship brings. Yes. And it's the opening game. Opening game of the NBA season for the. Five-peat. Burs. Oh, who cares? I couldn't hear less, man. If they. And of course, right hour box has wrote yesterday. Probably in knowing. Maybe on Sunday. Crow. Just knowing that the NBA was tearing up again. Oh, not more of this crap. Poor old red. How come that article did that? I read and say nothing about him opening up the door for blacks in the NBA. That was one of his great claims to fame. Yeah. Wasn't it? I mean, the guy who wrote it didn't know anything about him. Yeah, maybe the guy who wrote the article didn't know a damn thing. Just like one time, jicker wrote about Rick Kasper that time. Because time is basically lazy and stupid. Fomber net rights, Bush losing support of military. One of the most memorable Iraq war images was President Bush's May 1, 2003 speech from the Dick of the Aircrantory USS Abraham Lincoln. As Bush announced major combat operations in America, they had claimed by the banner mission accomplished. He was surrounded by hundreds of cheering troops. At the time, it would have been hard to predict that three years later, major combat operations would not have ended. The mission would not be accomplished, and Bush would be losing the support of the military. How did you urge Bush managed to lose the backing of our armed forces, which at one time was highly supportive of his administration? Four factors contributed to this change. First, the occupation of Iraq was botched. Michael Gordon and Bernard Trainers, recent book, Cobb, were two. The inside story of the invasion of the Iraqi argues. The administration committed five grievous errors during the planning and execution of the invasion. The underestimated their opponent failed to understand the Walter of Ethnic groups and tribes that is Iraq. They didn't bring the right tools to the fight and put too much confidence in technology. They failed to alter to adapt to a development side of the ground. They did not recognize the rise of the insurgency. They presided over a system in which differing military and political perspectives were discouraged. And finally, they turned their backs on nation building. Second, the Bush administration's fate did bring the right tools to the fight directly impacted rank and file troops, especially in the early days of the occupation, most had inadequate equipment. A recent pull indicated that 42% of Iraq and Afghan veterans said their equipment was well below the military standard of being 90% operational. Third, along to our troops stayed in Iraq the more they became aware that most of Iraqis didn't want them there. A recent pull indicated that 71% of Iraqis' one occupation forces delivered in a year further more 60% supported attacks on UN-Sland forces. And fourth, increasing numbers of retired army and marine generals began to express opposition to the war. Its violation of the uniformed court military justice for an active duty officer to criticize the president or anyone on the chain of military command. The administration attempted to keep a lid on this discontent as a result. There have been very few surveys that asked active duty troops that they felt about the war. The most recent pull indicated that 72% of Iraq and duty personnel believed the war should end in 2006, a more recent survey indicated that 53% didn't always know who the enemy was. Increasing numbers of soldiers have gone a while or asked for conscientious objective status and October military personnel began adding their names to a web-based petition calling for withdrawal from Iraq. Acted duty troops had begun to speak against the war. The most notable reasoned come in came from Kevin Tillman, October 19. He's the brother of a former pro football star, Pat Hillman, who was killed in Afghanistan April 22, 2004. Both brothers enlisted after 9-11 initially served in Iraq. Then they were trained as army rainders and sent to Afghanistan. Kevin said somehow our mercenarieship was only credited as lined with people in legally invading a nation has been allowed to steal the courage, virtue, and honor of its soldiers on the ground. One of the reasons the military has turned on the Bush administration is the increasing number of wounded troops that have been more than 21,000 such casualties and addition to the more than 20,00 deaths. The Bush administration prohibits pictures of coffins returning from Iraq. They've also told that the Department of Veterans affairs not to give out the names of the wounded. Democratic Congressman John Merthon noted that in addition to the soldier's grievous physical injuries, 50,000 will suffer from what I call battle fatigue. In July 2004, the PBS NewsHour reported about a six-step troops returning from Iraq showed symptoms of mental health problems, but many are not receiving treatment. A recent study indicated these injuries will cost the US more than a trillion dollars. Of course, act of duty troops are being required to spend multiple tours of duty in Iraq. This has increased their financial and psychological problems. Recently, stars in Trump's report are strives reportedly to voice rate for Iraqi veterans, jumped from 9-15 percent and alcohol abuse rose from 13-21 percent. Last year, decorated combat veteran John Merthon came out against the war in Iraq. One of his reasons was that energy-occupiedness was due to the military. Merthon spoke movingly of his visits with returning veterans. He concluded our military is suffering. If this suffering, the consequences of an ill-conceived and tragically missile war across the Bush administration's support of our troops. What's on the facts, my sheen-man? Birthday cards. Oh, happy birthday for the taxidine in a card. From Jean Rogers, member old Jean Rogers is always a faction of crime deaths. The other way. The often part of the practice was delayed nearly two hours today after a player reported finding an unknown white powder resubptions on the practice field. It says, head coach Nick Sabin immediately suspended practice and called police and federal investigators after a competing analysis of the offensive experts determined that the white substance known to the player, unknown to the players, was the goal line. Practice resumed after special aids in society that team was unlikely to encounter the substance again. And yet, this season. It's pretty hard to assume. Here's another birthday facts. You're as young as you feel happy birthday from Reba's. Was she happy and helping him on doing what you've been doing? I love it all. And at least when ever for a possible for 22 years, you are the one and only best regards to George. Also happy and versatile aim anymore to come. That's from a natural card. I wrote a copy of the second taxidine. Oh, isn't that nice? Thank you, Reba. Thank you, Jean. And thank you, Nick Sabin for writing a lot of the laughs, okay? I'll limit your expense. And then of course, the Humperiner, Rippenpur, Larry Coker, very co-head. Next thing you know, to be called for a Dona Shalibli guitar, Ash Tostado there. That old bitch. 550 votes on the pool. Oh yeah, we got 1300 lit by one of clocked, I do believe. Don't you think so? Oh yeah, sure. I'm going to turn off MSNBC because they're getting their mind nervous. You know, all week long, if you show them the same charts and a set of makeup, but we already know these things, okay? Oh, look what's on CNN. The weapons. Oh my God. Like I said, where's the comedy channel? Who the hell wants to see this crap? It's so depressing. I thought I'd have to talk with shot of shot. You can't put the game on the camera. I'll put the light on fire to turn on the media. Take it out. We are. Well, bike packer can't see that name on here in this station. What an idea was for sports for some people last night. Maybe at least four Atlanta too. And the Patriots just manhandled the Vikings 31 to 7. I mean, it was a show lacking. Too bad Josh didn't see it. He was too busy moving with his new boyfriend. Well, actually his old boyfriend that used to live with before until he had a spat. I can't figure this whole thing out. You keep moving around man. Oh, I guess when I was here, Rage, I was doing the same thing. Every year, man, I got to find another place. Why? Well, not after this time, because the guy moving in with owns it. It's his condo. I'm just moving in. Also, I was moving with him forever now. No. For life. You're tying the knot. Whatever you say, man. What happened to your former roommate? You left him in the lurch. He left him hanging. Well, he's going to David. And I'm a stand where I'm at. Yeah, I wouldn't blame you. I don't want to go to David. Not enough of this thing. You were all with David. I understand. I just don't want to go to David. Too much horse and a round there. George, you want to live in David? Sure. What about? Yeah. I like horses and horses around. Oh, there's that gambler that alluded to, Bill Bennett, that fat ass. I was tough to carry the fair. I'll be fair and tough today. I think this ends John Kerry's quest for higher office. You cannot say of the soldiers in Iraq, what he said. You know, that if you don't study. And if you're not smart, that's what he said by implication that you end up in Iraq. You know, be all that you can be. The few, the proud, the select. Oh, this bill, Bennett, man. Talking about he's got something to be talking about anybody. Fony baloney, okay. Lard ass. 27 after noon at five, 60 WCM is telematra's 30th birthday. And the celebrate. Valematra's and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on best selling Simmons. Do you have to rest for the top? If by the way, you do ever see your Christians again. Tell them that I'm just frosted at the S. And I basically be alone, you know, just go away. Adalam, I appreciate you can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons video. I would say it's same day to every waiting for you. If you're finally ready to be the right and I sleep for years to come. Just make that one easy call. I've been new to for a long time. They never let you down. Call dial and address a 1-800. My prison gets factory direct prices in the water running service with no nonsense. No BS. No off-brands. Nobody ever heard of before. Dalametra's has 12 month financing for it. And when you do business with Dalametra's, they let you pick the eight. And time you want your new mattress delivered seven days a week from eight and a ten. P.M. You picked it to our window, even the same day that you call. And they show up on time. They take away the crappy old vetting instead of the brand new one for you. And you've got to make smile on your post. And you're in for years and years of great sleep. That's why dial and address is the right number one in customer satisfaction. And why just about everybody, if you ever could include the year is truly used. I'm at first on the website, check them out at dialetmetra.com. Actually, there's a mistaken. I just noticed at mattress.com or call tool free 1-800 mattress. M-A-T-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last as because it stands for sensational savings and stupid saleshold. The biggest thing is to have that tell us to do this is to be a rocker for Shredio 560. And... ...Broaders. ...Uptured loop. ...Bale God. I know how to do the name of our foley. We arrived at $3.00 bill for the publishing firm. She goes through it in the chat room. Look in for young page boys that are young and smooth. Push boys is cursed with the pot-tark face. She invites me up to this place for a publishing man page grad ass case. Well, I told my congressman, I told the girl, ...I moved your tongue, I got it to go home. She said, only other things that I wanted to. She said, my nose is around, I'm so beautiful. Spectrums. Let's head a pile. You probably can't breathe, but here's the spin. They'll get you to fit. My foley had too much to drink. You're not ready for a spitting and fucking speed. You're not ready for a spitting. The cat is so amazing. This is from a website called sportspickle.com. The sports humor and center side. Oh. Jenga, it's sports humor. Noted in quarterback Brady Quinn has been named sexiest man alive by gay priest monthly. In this month's edition of the magazine, the leading publication for homosexual clergy. Gay priest monthly. It's the magazine's first sexiest man in addition. And what some might think could be the last issue in one of the Vatican's ruling last week. Banning sexually active homo is from entering the priesthood. Deep brown eyes, muscular arms and a rippling torso. Thick wavy hair and the pinkest, most luscious lips in all of Christendom. All in blood we mention he's the young hutch-eye quarterback of God's favorite football team. Brady Quinn, our first ever sexiest man alive would make even the most chased priest by his fist in lustful frustration. Read the introduction to the 10th. And pay the article and photos spread. Quinn was the runaway winner in the sexiest man voting among gay pre-monthly editors. Garnering 78% of the vote to act to direct her mouth gives him 18%. Fighting Irish head coach Charlie Weiss received 2%. We thought Brady Quinn as everything are really sure looks for in a man. He's young, he's strong, he's a leader in his regular mass attendees. And he said the gay priest monthly editor, father Michael McGee. But most of all he's totally freaking hot. With some reports and studies put in the number of homosexuals in the priesthood as high as 60 to 75% of the US, gay priest monthly has had a large and loyal readership over the years. But Pope Benedict 16 to receive moves to cut off the flow of practicing homoist and disseminaries. The magazine's days may be numbered. The sexiest issue had been in the works for a while because mainly I selfishly wanted to meet Brady Quinn. And let me say he's just as dreamy as I expected. But if this happens to be our final one, so be it said, father McGee. At least we'll have gone out with a bang. Actually, it was honored by the recognition, but a little bit uncomfortable. I guess it's kind of flattering all these priests finally sexes. But I kind of wish I hadn't known. I already suspect as much when I go to mass. And it takes all I can must to put that out of my mind and focus on the true reason for being there. And of course one has to wonder, what is the true reason for being there? Of course any kid that goes to Notre Dame in the first place, you know. Does that involve a little bit of gitch king over the top? Yeah, a tad bit. Can I carry a little bit too far? How come it couldn't go to a nice university like say temple? Okay, what's this fact here? I just wanted to inform you that Microsoft recently, oh, Jesus God. Recently released the latest version of Internet Explorer IE7. One of the improvements is that it's supposed to solve the problem of the margins being cut off when you try to print something. And here George, yesterday, talk me out of a downloading it. I wouldn't download it or use it if you paid me a lot. How much? I'll do it on somebody else. I wouldn't install that on my computer. It is still not perfect. But it's supposed to be much improved just type IE7 in the Google downloaded. I was wondering why you haven't really talked about the proposed 1% sales increase to pay for mass transit and Broward. All these idiots so how to do is keep raping the public and day they had to have send a few years ago. And the money is completely disappeared. What they should do is a lot more casinos to open and allow them to add more games. Crafts you're led back around, blackjack poker and use the money from that. Right. Hold your breath. Take a deep breath right now. Okay. While you're a busy hallucinating. If you're going to add to the sales section, it automatically expires after the finish paying for their projects. Yeah, just like the turnpike tools, right? Lastly, what I'd like to know about the webcams on the Mommy Hill website, which can be controlled by anyone. There's one on top of the four seasons in Brickle. One of the functions of the camera is just watch, which allows you to see what other people are doing. The entire day there are people zooming in on sunbathe, and the pool is on the Brickle hotels and condos. So for all the women who are in the area, just remember this when you take off your time. There are people watching you, but they're seeing any spoiler for a lot of people. Right. What he meant to say is, just remember to please take off your time. Right. And leave it off. Take it off and leave it off. And the rub lots of oil on it. Right. Slowly. Or like Howard Beale would say. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television. And set stone walls right in the middle of the set. Turn it off and leave it off and take it off and leave it on the ground. Anyway, Duncan Hunter, I'm threatened I was going to tell you about him. Nobody knows who that is. Republican representative Duncan Hunter, known in the military, and military is top actual on for his congressional role, but hardly a national name. Said Monday he was taking initial step in a 2008 presidential bid. Oh my God. This is going to be a long road. It's a challenging road. There's going to be some rough and tumble. But I think it's the right thing to do for our country. How do they cheer me up? How's our service committee said? And a waterfront news conference in San Diego. The Declaration of Form and Exploratory Committee allows the 13 term California Congressmen to begin raising money. And organized supporters in early Republican primary state such as Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina. Hunter is a familiar face on Capitol Hill. I'm dependent on a cheermen of the powerful panel that oversees military policy. And that's going to be on Washington, San Diego. And is White House bid surprise many Republicans. He hadn't put on any list of potential 2000 day candidates. And included more familiar names such as John McCain and Rudy Giuliani. And Massachusetts government Romney, aimless immediately characterized the quest as a long shot, long long shot. You never say never, but Congressman Hunter faces extremely long odds given that practically no one apart from students of Congress, no who he is to jack pitney, or wonder he's kind of gene pitney. Government professor at Kermont McKinnon College. He's a good member of Congress, a very effective chairman of our services. It's just that he has no following within the party. Certainly outside the party, okay? And you know what Leslie Gorson, it's her party so soon I'll allow. I want to start up being paid for part of that. Anyone want Leslie Gorson? No, I don't want Leslie Gorson, okay? I want to start a party. And should give a described to you once too. Faddeno is Dean's dead. See, the fact I stepped on a little bit, it's been my game difference because he's there. There's largely lots of it. Lots of it is Georgia's on top of it. I'm anticipating your new power 96 format. All Regateau in all day. All Regateau in all day. Chef Royardee, too. That sounds good, some Chef Royardee was some dope. He's melted away. Why? It's not that bad, it's better ice cream. Or it takes on that old hard pasta and melts and Swiss cheese on it. I do it. All right, I always do this to that. Can't much. In fact, that S.I.G.O. Shredded S.I.G.O. What is that S.I.G.O. Shredded S.I.G.O. S.I.G.O. Shredded S.I.G.O. After I cooked the pasta, I put it in my bowl and then I put a whole bunch of anceaggo cheese in there and then I put the sauce over all of that with my sliced greeners and it. I thought that was going to satisfy and pass if I made, but that only aroused. See, the best thing if I don't leave it all. That would be my perfect diet. Just stop eating. Just eat a bite of it. I do that. Good. Probably not in the pool. We're going to have 1300 by one o'clock. We're going to have 13 to 13. Man, we are kicking ass. Can't just smell it. Can't you feel it? And thanks to Eric, not to Josh. Josh is trying his best, but he's weak. We got 147 people already. He read it. The fourth most read story, even though it wasn't even under. When we started this morning, our Jim Prestosh. Yes. I think it was way too on that. Nice going, Eric. G.O.P. Home or Out of Cabal, Cheney fances himself as a rock star of my young girls and Charlie Chris and his sweet 16 friend. It's on there. It's the top story on the aroused.com. And I'll read it's number four and moving up. But it's going to impact the top story. Charlie Chris has some questions to answer. See, it really isn't relevant that he's get. Except for the fact that he's an hypocrite and another closet case, just like Miss Foley. And if he was looking with a 16 year old, guess what? Doesn't that make some more questions? Like, like, what's that all about? And how was it? 1242, 18 to one, it's you. And we got a lot of heavy duty sports. The other 20 hours because we got big, big Dylan's man. We got heat. We got the panthers in the shirts. Cherches are very good, by the way. They're probably kick panther ass tonight. And then the Leafs are down there on Thursday. They try to make believes. Who beat Atlanta for the two right here at your Candice Center last night. I'm sure George was watching that. Were you on top of it? Huh? I wonder if they're replaying the Patriots' Seminnesota game for Josh. You didn't see it. That made a Baltimore race. It's no the ball. But 30 kicks and minutes for the state's tournament. And this ball is the opening. We're going against the same jersey. Because he's got his Zeta hat. His Mitz audit couldn't bring it down. Third quarter. He's going to take it down. He's going to go. He's going to go. He's going to go. And let's really bat for the Ravens. The Craven Ravens. What's really bad? Well, the one thing wasn't going to go under Stephen Ward. They just knocked that good. What is Bob Reesball? In your face, Brian. I'm gonna hit it. I'm gonna hit it. How do you like that? In your push. Nice, Carmen. Yeah. That's your buddy Bob Greasy. Hey, Bob. I'm having another one. I'm going to run Brian. Hey, listen. He's just got a little thing for Boos. Okay. Like, see, like, like the sauce. You know what I'm saying? It's like me with my pasta. I love the sauce. Did we do the witch break? Are we doing next? That lid. No, I'm serious. You don't have the spot. Okay. What are you talking about? Is that he? Well, I have the log right here. I know I don't have a spot. I'm just, we didn't do the 40 Brad. I just crossed it out already. We didn't do it though. No, we didn't. Because it's already 1244. No, 50. No, that's talent. Actually, he's got the Ramron here. It's for Shwedeo 560. You, A, M. Good you. From the creators of the oppretta's first. It was branchallina. Then Madonna. Now, I want in on this African baby action comes the father of all reality shows. The adoption. I've done it from. I've let people into my company. Now, it's time to let someone into my family adoption. 18 orphans from a cross-affirter will compete. But only one will hear those magic words. Give us a. You pulled through the disinterrey with flying colours. However, the flies crawling in and out of your mouth are disturbing. Where it comes to the Trump family, all parents matters. Kim is saying, this is a tough one. You're an orphan. Congratulations with whom they, you are adopted. Give you the daddy a hug. Ooh, I'm going to give this kid a bad via adoption. First day night, Secretary of Hyderabad, our food. 1249. We have 13 every 12 votes on a full-awriting man. We are really kicking big fats smelly, pimply on the ass. Halloween. Don't be given a kids anything bad, please. Don't be put like a lot of, um, relax and stuff in there pretending they're candy bars. Dude, does that. What do you mean who does that? Test with the moluster? Right. Sico, Mexico. All of these, um. All of these. Creatures. Nature, why can't we move artery clogging, trans fatty acids from the US food chain? We're seeing another significant boost yesterday after popular fast food franchise Kentucky Fried Chicken, an answer that's switching to non-trans cooking oil. They've been under a lot of pressure, baby. A lot of pressure. You notice? Yeah, yeah. One. You know what I'm going to do right next door? Go there all the time. So what are you talking about? Leave those people alone. You're on some kind of a health kick or something. Fried, I'm looking. I never darkened their door, okay? Mmm. I love fried chicken. The milk comes here after food and beverage manufacturers battle over Remove the fats from their products. And time for new labeling regulations that require these featured on nutrition facts panels. These massive reformulation efforts of this year have been followed by moves in the food service sector, starting with health-oriented food establishments pointed out to customers that their products are free from the world. The trans fat fetish began to spread a more mainstream change. And moves by independent jurisdictions to require such labels and restaurants or to bend the use of trans fats altogether have also recently been seen in Chicago, on New York. Before KFC, other restaurants change to slash trans fats include, Wendy's, Ruby Tuesday, Chilies and Legal Seafood. Yesterday's announcement reveals that KFC will convert to low-linear, linear-linequ, soybean oil. How do you say? Line-o-linequ, which reduces all of your parts. That's for jerk, which reduces the need for the trans fatty asset producing aggraved donation process. The switch to mid in all 50-pattery KFC restaurants expected to be complete by April of 2007. Indeed, the move by KFC comes after a lawsuit filed against the United States and June for use of undercred trans fats. Those killer fats that are, are, are clogging your arteries. The class actions suit fallen superior court in the District of Columbia. And said the court prohibited KFC from using partially high-grarged-undated oil, released requires signs warning consumers that many of its foods are high in trans fats. How much is the base call in cross-volunsechidwit? Think that might send a message? Fight? File by a retired physician, together with consumer advocacy, Europe Center for Science and Public Inter SPI, and the Washington D.C. Law firm, Hydemon, Nudelman, and Kellick. The suit aims to increase awareness following the, if I had known, I wouldn't have eaten it line. The food service was first challenging. I'm going to say, a shoe in 2003 when McDonald's was sued for reneging on this promised reduced amount of trans fatty and insura that actually resulted in a set of well-baked in a half million. I'll take it. CSPI executive director Michael Jacobson said McDonald's and Burger King should now follow KFC's lead. If KFC, which deep prized almost everything, can get the artificial trans fat of its frying oil, anyone can. Curl standards do deserve a bucket full of praise it says. They consume our advocacy, today's said it's formally withdrawn from the law set against KFC. Although the law firm is due to continue the suit alone. KFC's transition will impact the change most popular items. A reasonable recipe and extra crispy fried chicken, an admission to fried menu selection, such as crispy strips, wings, boneless wings, buffalo and crispy snack sandwiches, popcorn chicken, clisters and potato wedges. Trans fatty acids also known as trans fats are formed when liquid vegetable oils are partially hydrogenated or hardened for uses spreads such as margarine, cooking fats for deep frying and shortening for baking. Foods high and trans are saturated fatty acids increase blood cholesterol levels. They're by increasing the risk of heart disease, mind. Trans fats first given the public eye in 2003 when lawsuit filed against craft foods for the trans fat content of its oil cookies resutted in the reform reform of the industry mark product. Craft foods which are in hate-side poison. Just so the eight words, Walmart or craft foods. Walmart. What about people who buy the groceries and buy craft foods of Walmart? Oh, that's a bit of fire. Like a double-deamin? They're hastening their own demands. Yeah. They're screwed in them, trans fats, okay. They're bad for you. I noticed that Hagen does banana nut. How many bananas it takes to make one of them points? About 30? 10 quant of a nut. It did that to me before. I know. It's because I can't stop eating that damn banana nut. So it's the best way we're going baby. Forget about fish food. Forget about that injury even though I used to love them lot. They fall off the wagon as far as I'm concerned. They've lost it. Well, it's probably got the assolded company, you know? They must be in. They cashed out. Wow. That'd be a good idea. Like when you were at Woodby, no cash out your losings. Let's see, I got about four credits left in this machine, man. Man could soon be able to use a mail pill that has no side effect scientists to reveal. A mail contest effective pill. Yeah. Now they tell me. Yeah, too late. The chemical implant acts as a complicated but doesn't change the balance of man's sex hormones. Scientists have discovered a substance that can temporarily block the development of sperm without altering testosterone levels. Well, without causing unwanted side effects. They hope human trials of a new contraceptive remen basin that a scholar could begin within a few years. Other versions of the mail pill already are in development but worked by altering hormone levels in a man's body. Yeah, they make you wake up and look like a nice big hit of hair like ladies here and boobs. Stuff like that. And trial so far these have produced no worrying side effects. However, scientists think men may still worry about whether introducing female hormones could harm their virulial in some way. Especially when their booby-star grown real big and saggy. Like Joe roses. The new approach with therefore avoid this problem, the common perception is that few women would actually believe in man who said he was on the pill. Yeah, like we believe them. However, study published in the well that's not always a good idea. I know, for whatever a study published in the British medical journal in 2005, that only 2% of women said they would not trust their partner to take a mail pill. Well, just shove it in there, okay? shove it in some part of them shove it up there. Back home and then just hope when they stand up real fast and don't fall out. Trust me, lady. The man is not trying to get you pregnant. Now he's praying that you don't want to part of that. Or maybe he is. Maybe he wants to have his own love child. By the way, did you watch that HBO documentary? I sure did not. I forgot about hacking democracy. It's on all this week. No. About the elections. I mean, our election is week from today. And all we call him, if we're hitting it over and over, HBO East West, North, South Latino, Ruski, Chinese, whatever. Over and over again. Oh, let's see. I think it has been on yet. It starts Thursday, October 2, so how long could we watch it? It starts today after tomorrow. 9 PM, HBO East, hacking democracy. About what they're doing. And it's a webharrers. Seattle Publicist Writer is walks dog group on cover evidence of Miss handle voting records. Her crusade took the group consisting of computer-wraxpress activists in political candidates and both parties from her home computer, where she filed a computer system, blue for next and ugly made public, to tell a hatsie for a mini election that just proved how easy it is to hack the boat. Hacking democracy on HBO. Okay? Don't forget, I want you to be glued to that set. You're gonna watch it? I might. How about hack the wife? I've seen that. But what's with that same thing yesterday? I'm still not gonna play it. What are you most addicted to? That's our poll question. They've 1332 votes. Chris Jones by the way, I think, is coming east now. Okay? And you know what they do with coming east in North Carolina? The biggest thing is the best challenge in the business field. Runs for 20560. You A-M. Oh, this is on. This is not a tomb. It's the one to two, Ola. It's a heartwarming story. This is beautiful. Now it's a thousand times more. About a girl and a horse. Go come down. What's the function? I try them for the U.S. spirit. Go for them. And so the horse gets high on crap. You got the fuck off the bus. Where you heard it? Look at it. You can play in the better way to get yourself to you. That can't get addicted horse. What is John Kerry stuck in is a horse's foot in his ass. He said the soldiers are uneducated and there's air. Of what can happen if they don't do well. Here's the quote. Kerry said, you know, education if you make the most of it. You study hard. You do your homework. And you make an effort to be smart. You can do well. And if you don't, you get stuck in a rock. What does the White House have to say about this? Well, Senator Kerry is insisting that he was referring to the president there, not to actual U.S. troops in Iraq when he was referring to getting stuck in Iraq. But that's not sitting well with Tony Snow. He jumped all over this. Yeah, well good for him. Okay. Send his aspects of Fox News where he belongs. The past city in the sternum yesterday reported on a rally for failing California Democratic Governor Turill campaign. They've filled into the communities. And which John Kerry warned the students in the audience that if they didn't get an education, they'd have no other alternative than to be forced in the U.S. armed forces. Then told the students that if they were able to navigate the education system, then if you get a comfortable job. If you don't, you get stuck in Iraq. You said to him, make sure of last, laughter and gasps. Well, that's something you need to be in a baggap and we've kind of got his ass out of the way. A lot of comments on this. Oh, too many pages. Oh, my God. Page is stop with a famous stop. Stop. Stop. Jesus. Hate that. Can't say that. I know how it is. Just highlighted the thing and printed out. Right. I'm going to do it tomorrow. That way we bring on this piece and know I downloaded internet. Explore 7. Or did it run a good luck with that? Yeah. Yeah. Just like good luck with your sales manager. Good luck with Chris Jones. If I were you, I would do right now. I'd go in to his office. I would take my pants down and drop a big load right on his desk. Yeah. I'd say that's from Neil. Okay. That's what we think of the tremendous job you're doing. I do that before I used that internet extors. Okay. Go ahead. The only thing Dwayne reads stores are missing now. Did you hear it? Dwayne reads stores? No. It's a New York thing. I never heard of it. The only thing I missing now is rock and roll. That's because the popular stores are making it shelves a little bit sexier. Anyone looking to spice up their sex life? Just now, but I want to go more than 200 New York area. Dwayne reads stores where name brand sex aids can be found. To the whole right hand thing that is chopped off, I've got the internet extors 7. Like yesterday, they're going to work. Whether it's the luckiest, kissable cream for sensual massage or the handmade feather applicator, the new products are something all around town. There's something. Is this for the adults or the children asked Tataria, a Dwayne read customer? Tataria. You're a executive say the products are definitely for adults and something they hope over more sexual wellness. Even local clergy are chiming in, but some say the addition of the products in the store doesn't necessarily make it reshame. It's not like the old sex shops we hit here in Times Square, so the Reverend Peter Copiatre of Holy Cross Church. Regardless of whether the products have your blessing or not, the commas future products are turning up in places all over the place. Currently they're available in many bars in New York hotels. Somebody's spokeswoman said the negotiations are going on with them with the National Hotel Chain to make them even more mainstream than Manhattan. The company says it's also pitching its products to spas and big departments to including blooming nails. How do you like that? What are the right wingers going to think about that? I don't know, probably have a problem with it. Like they do with everything else? Sure. While they're doing everything else. Time magazine asked, can this machine be trusted? A woman walked into a folding place in Piori, Illinois last week, and perceived it as one of the new electronic voting machines set up for early voting. She logged on, went to reach contest and seemed to be making her choices. After reviewing each race, the machine checked to see if she was satisfied with their selections and wanted to move on. Each time she pressed, yes, and the machine progressed to the next race. When she was done a waving American flag appeared on the screen indicating that her voice had been cast in record. But there were four years after Congress passed the law requiring every state to be a two vote by method more reliable than the punch card system that paralyzed the court and the nation in 2000. The 2006 election is shaping up into a contest and not just between Democrats and Republicans, but also between people who believe in technology and those who fear machines can't be trusted to count votes in a closely divided democracy. Perhaps the biggest family in this debate is the notion that elections were perfect before Congress decided to hold among computers, I guess what they were not. Stuffing the ballot box is not an expression from the world of fiction. The problem with overroading punch cards was lifted for decades before the date line of the speech cut to became a household term. Peoria County, Joanne Thomas, says she routinely tossed out several hundred twice punch ballots every year and represents roughly 1% of all registered voters in her jurisdiction. The 2000 election reminded Americans that every vote makes a difference and scrutiny of polling practices intensified. So just as America's moved to a process of electronic voting and tabulation intended to make voting more accessible, reliable and secure, trust in the system is actually gone down. Can't imagine why I can you? No, like says David or Kirk of the Illinois's Cook County, we used to have a problem giving people the wrong ballots and if we're lucky, we can't be before they voted. Now, if the same thing happens with the touch screen and take conspiracy. So far, at least Murphy's law has been a bigger problem than fraud. Many jurisdictions, especially those with longer bilingual ballots, has struggled to program their computers perfectly and have been scented reports of glitches. In three Virginia cities, for example, electronic voting machines have inadvertently shortening the name of Democratic candidate in one of the time to send a racist emanation. In Charlottesville, false jerks in Alexandria, James H. Webs' name will appear on the ballot some of my screen page simply as James, time to send a racist emanation. In Charlottesville, false jerks in Alexandria, James H. Webs' name will appear on the ballot some of my screen page simply as James H. Jim would know last name. Sounds like a crisis, it's the same thing happened in the June primary and webs still won. Jim, you vote in for Jim or for McCockowitz. Who do you think? I don't know if you don't think out of fairness, they ought to put the first Georgia on and let's say McCockowitz. I think they should since that's what everybody knows about. A bigger worry concerns something that's least likely to happen. And somehow, someone will somehow matter what the devices and manipulate vote tellies. It's not impossible. Princeton, computer scientist, Edward Feltman, a group of graduate students this past summer, tested the defenses of a voting machine made by Diable, made to manufacture such devices. Feltman's team found three ways to insert another machine rogue programs that allowed them to redistribute votes that are been cast. And one in, in since the testers had to take the machine apart with a screwdriver and act like they had to rather be attention to poll workers. But in two others, they were able to quickly infect the device for the standard memory access card in which they had installed a pre-programmed chip. Other computer scientists have also reached electronic voting machines. Congressman Vernon Ellers, Michigan Republican who's been holding hearings all fall, since manufacturers have produced machines that are very vulnerable, not very reliable and he says I suspect fairly easy to hack. Hacked on my sheen mind. But who would do something? So that means we ought to be watching the HBO thing hack in the vote, Jimmy. Yeah, that'll prevent them from doing it. Well, at least I will know about it and I will go in and start screaming and say, what else going on here? You bastards, you lunatics. What are you most addicted to? That's our poll question today? 1361. I think we got that 1400 elect. Can you smell it? That's because they were looking at it. Most addicted to sex 250. Can you or why do I sure want 58? A distant second. Sugar 156. Poor no 149. TV 103. You ever take that course? Poor no TV. TV 103. Oh, no. Pot 95. Booze. 88. We find car of 79. The internet 54. I hate this pool only 53.6%. Math. Math. Math. That's us. Math. I'm going to do it to the man. Math 47. K. Fiend 37. What? How did Math all of a sudden go to 47? Where did that come from? I don't know my people finally woke up. It was on seven. All the methods. Ah-ha. Fake. Arizona. Kaffee in 37. Gambling 29. Sports 24. Sleeping pills 17. Cocaine 17. And a heroin only 15. I remember that when you were on YouTube that pool a couple of years ago. And like 40% of your audience addicted to heroin. Yeah. But they've moved on the math. Some of them. Oh, they saw his arm and a movie. Requiemium. Oh, jim. How is his band doing by the way? And what does he end lately? The band is doing well as a matter of fact. They're going to be a revolution in November. Right around your birthday. I think. November 6th the day after your birthday 30 seconds to Mars. My god, we got some big stuff going on or what? We have some heavy duties of the fourth. The second is Tuesday. The least are playing the panthers at the end of the center. What's happening on the fourth? There's some big dooms on the fourth. Center. I forgot what to know. What? Fifth is my birthday Sunday. Six is dear. I'll lead you out the way. I've revolutioned in Fort Lauderdale. Plus a course of seven is a lesson day. I vote for Jared Lee though, with a without the purple arm. Twelve minutes after one and five sixty double to cue. I'm going to forget it's the heat thing, baby. He's hot. So we got mad dog in the hump. We're going to be doing the zero two to seven at the Tribal Arena. And we're going to be really. I wouldn't be surprised if Irish shows up on it or I or wouldn't bang. Oh, it makes me want to crumble to the floor when I think about that. You know, I'll say you want to crumble to the floor when I think about it. Chris Jones. You know what he is? Among other things, none responsive. Well, he's been on responsive and you want to know why. See, if it was up to him, they just wouldn't even sell the show at all. As far as lives are concerned because I'm too much of a pain in the ass. Well, I like things like, you know, copy and like finding out if we're doing it in for a client. I'm painting the ass. They don't like that. That's right. Oh, we don't want to sell that. And you know, it's just a he's just too picky and he won't do certain things. Well, screw you Chris, okay. Should have known anybody any Yahoo to came down from North Carolina with a banjo between his leg. Back home. Anyway, right now it's Blueback Road Chevy's race to a thousand for the first time in their history. They want to sell a thousand vehicles in one month. And today in case you haven't noticed, it is the last day of October. Last day of that month. So needless to say, they're going to make you deals like you wouldn't believe. At Blueback Road, you'll find the largest selection of new and used cars, including the hot new corvettes. Believe me, you want one even if you have to steal it. Trucks SUVs minivan's anywhere going. They've also got used cars starting in just 39.95. Everyone backed by a car factory guarantee. Blueback Road sounds to sell a thousand cars this month. So they're stable until midnight tonight to get to that number. And of course, I've been by my corvettes and other cars there for years and years because they're unbeatable. When it comes to service salespeople, selection and price. In fact, forget about price. Just make them in the off and they'll beat any deal. More money for your trade zero for sin financing. Re-bates about to six grand. Whatever it takes to get to the deal done and get your ass in that vehicle of your choice. Only a blueback road Chevrolet with two great locations. They're in Pompano Beach, quarter mile west of Ina, and a five in coconut creek. And 441 just off of the sawgrass expressway. Remember they'll be open till midnight tonight. So if you want to deal with your life on a great new Chevy, get over blueback road Chevrolet or check them on the web at Blueback Road, VACHRODT, Bluebackroad.com. The biggest name of selfless challenge for the faces. The road trust for Shwitio 560, QA-BAM. Only a banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Have it up the lecture officials left you confused. See your guys to understand how to guess your vote in on Beach County Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started. Choway. Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmal Steve. Who are you voting for? I'll leave it in. You're I see. Now read the butterfly ballot. Starting with Bush Cady and the left column. You can and Chico Grover. Make the left, I can and girls in the right. Where's our label? Over there. This guy will sky. Yes. This guy who makes my baby food. No. Now simply punch a hole in the 1959. You're the best key punch guy. Wait. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. Oh, there. Is that it? No. Can I punch a kid? Is this a... No. That invalidates your vote. All right. Can I punch a kid? Can I punch you? Can I punch you? You're also quick-matured. Are you? Are you? All right. I'm not a ring-old heaps. Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Florida. Exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother. On 19th and 5.60, how about the fan asked brother? What about him? What about him? Tell me, says we got it. Tell me, says we got it. Oh, when I read that stuff, I just want to vomit. Just want a few call over to place. Bob Herbert writes, cut up with everybody. He says in the campaign headquarters a representative Chris Chakola. It republican running for... It sounds like a... Breakfast ring. Doesn't it, Chakola? Hmm. Chakola. Public running for reelection in Indiana's villa. The second congressional district. There's a large photo of Robert Reagan on the wall. But no picture of President Bush. Mr. Bush wants an asset for republican candidates has become a potentially devastating liability for campaigns like Mr. Chakola. He's not as popular as he was. The congressman said in a view, but I would still say he's respected. Mr. Chakola is in big political trouble. He knows that President Bush is much more than the cause than the solution. And he mentioned the Bush administration tends to turn local republicans as Chilly as the dusting of Lake effects though that fellow resound bendy of the night. Lucy McKee, a 40-year-old part-time supermarket heard told me. I voted for Bush twice. Now I just want him gone. Mr. Bush is coming to the store in Indiana district to raise money for the Chakola campaign. But he hasn't been asked to appear with the congressman publicly to rally the the spirited troops. I don't know that it would help me said Mr. Chakola. He can't leave now as it being seen as aligned with Mr. Bush is not as much of a positive as it used to be. Right. With control of the House at stake, the GOP can hardly afford to lose Mr. Chakola's seat. Two years ago he defeated his democratic opponent Joe Downley by roughly 9% of points. Mr. Downley is his opponent again this year and a recent public poll showed him leaving Chakola by about five points. Mr. Chakola said his own internal poll showed the race as the dead he even Stephen. Democrats seem confident that when control of the House at number 7, Mr. Chakola is not convinced that they're wrong. If he listen to the news at the 90s, it would be hard to say that that's not possible. His district which has been heard by the downturn in the auto industry is more of a bell-worthy than most. If I win, said Chakola, then I think there's a reasonable chance to hold the House. If I don't, I think there's a reasonable chance we won't. To win, Mr. Felt was sad. Oh, that was my head hit in Mike's foot. It would be nice to have a sense in you. To win, Mr. Chakola and the GOP will have to deal with the unhappiness of voters like Miz Maki and like Jerry Niyazi, a 60 year old South Bend resident who works as security monitor at the University of Notre Dame and described himself as a lifelong registered Republican. I bet you she's got the House for a pretty quint. And I'll show you what's happening now is frightening to me. She said the war, the deficit, the colonialism. I'm the kind of Republican who signed on for balanced budgets, minimal government, and letting people go about their lives. I feel like somebody is thrown away that playbook. Miz Niyazi, you're as at Natsi, say she's pro business, but never dreamed that corporate interests would achieve the kind of overwhelming and corrosive influence on the federal government that they have under President Bush, corrosive baby. They're cleaning up, she said, while people here having a tough time even just making ends me. The overwhelming sense I took away from interviews with voters in and around South Bend was a failure of this illusion with government. Republicans and Democrats both sowerly about the Bush administration, but no one expected dramatic changes in the Democrats game control of vulnerable houses. People say the Democrats are weak and frankly I think they are, said, Vernon, do what originally moved to Mr. Walker from St. Louis. I'm proud of what everybody said. Mr. Walker, who was there? No, who? Much of Mr. Graham. The big issue here as in most of the country is Iraq, which will have claimed post to 3000 mercumized by the end of this year, which is nice and almost as long as you as involvement in WWE 2. The war creates stressed on the electorates, and I electorates say congressman is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. The government is a big issue. Maybe we'll have to bring Fidelat from Cuba. There you go. He'll pick it. Yeah. Bring him to Miami. Give him a shave. Bad. Yeah. Your country is an asset? To bits? I'll say he's a drill in Miami, and I'll do the story that I'm in here. I guess not. Huh? That's something. I'll say he's a drill that included police officers in Rive here with weapons and conserved among some parents who say it was too realistic and frightened to get frightened of students. Police in the Western Michigan community of Wyoming entered two classrooms at Lee Middle and High School on Thursday last week, and also was a threat to the school of Grand Rapids Presses. Students who were out of where police were conducting a drill were taken from the classroom into the halls, headed down by officers and asked what they had in their pockets the newspaper said. What he got in your pocket. But would say forever to get some help. But a new week was about to blow. Some of these kids were so scared they just about what their pants said, large, grand time. A pair with four children in Godfully Lee schools. I think it's pure wrong that the students in parents were in the form of this. Officers were protective gear including vests and helmets and carried rifles that were unloaded and marked with color tape to indicate that were not live or was in his paper set. I'm sure the kids knew that. But I'm sure the kids were aware of that. They went to the wet by pants. Diana Silva, a pair of an eighth grade students said that it went too far. My child was with his face to the wall in the hallway of the high school of silver said, I certainly don't want anything like this happening to my child. The principal David Britons said students were told ahead of time to make the drill as realistic as possible. Teachers were informed moments before it took place. I think this is the best way to do a Britons said we're not looking to scare anyone even when we want a sense of urgency. We want them to pee in their pants. But while in police, you've changed comedy set as officers were not aware of students in parents' work told. He said his department will mandate to turn to be notified at the time in the future. And what was this drill supposed to be the purpose of this show how we will evacuate the classroom not to assault the classroom. He said. It was in evacuation drill. Obviously some of them did evacuate like in their pants. That's what they had them lining up against the wall getting frisked. Right, an abandoned bathroom. Right, Andrew. Just like a couple of nights ago, we had one of our phony fire alarms, false alarm. Am I building here? And I waddle down several flights of stairs to get to the lobby. And a whole bunch of people from the building were in there. And what there was a fine, fine young gentleman in there, early 20s, glasses on, very clean cut. Never saw him before in the building. And I said there, like, what are you going to do when you're waiting for them to give you the all clear? What are you the fireguys of the, they're running in there and out and they're like slumping around. There's nothing going on, you know. And the thing is, I'm like, that like that, like guilty. Okay. Then I noticed that this drill man had a wedding band on. I was thinking about his better hand. You got, you slapped, you wore. Catching him, what a waste. Or maybe he's on the D.L. I think you're partin' you know, on the download. Oh, maybe I'm gonna go and do it or do it or search sounds good to me. Twenty-six past one and five, sixty-one, but he can be a perverted station man. Forget about sports. That's the only sport anybody cares about. It's screwing their brains out, getting laid, getting somebody hot, getting into somebody's pantaloonies, baby. That's all anybody cares about. They're restin' there about saliers. Right? Right? Everybody else is a liar. There's no lie when I tell you I've been using dry concepts on my carpets and all over my home for 21 long years now. Because you'd have to be crazy, let anybody else come in there and posky around with your expensive carpeting and furniture and drapery and all of these... All of these things. Or you know, rugs or you rugs? And don't forget just because you can't see the dirt with an acadye in the molding and your carpet doesn't mean it's not in there. It's in there, trust me. Just like they say with that pre-ghost big of a sauce, it's in there. And in South Florida people tend to go long periods of time without opening windows, which really breads on healthy conditions, not your schmussy, but on a healthy as well. More reasons to dry clean your carpets on a regular basis would dry concepts. Your carpet lasts longer because by keeping your dry clean, it stays cleaner longer too. It comes out softer. The colors come out looking brighter. Your house does smell as much as any fresh and your carpets are drying just a couple of hours so you really can clean today and entertain it on an entertainer tonight when you call dry concepts. And don't forget dry concepts is about to plan to make frequent cleaning easy. Adjust the freshness of the cost of regular cleaning too. You'll ever have a dirty carpet again if you use dry concepts like having done all these years in Broward Column at 954, 3707778. That's 9504, 3707778. In Dame Palm Beach called Raktanz at Storfree at 1-800-248-5071, that's 1-800-248-5071. DSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSDSGW, AWOSDAIOS, SOCIUSDDSDSSDSIprems, equipped a two hundred dollars per hour, convertible public smart facilities, services ministerial, twitter, sought storage, networking copies pipes for TV pc box, e-flow PCXitReon,reme carbo fully created for-mod business, decent utilising users with security power. com, citizens spec bandits don't payrie  salary, boards featuring multibody and software device  ma talk media Teenage systems, including  I don't get right at it. I don't get right at it. Twenty seven old two. Let's see you got a couple of facts. It's here short and sweet. And why didn't we end this on before? It's your fault because I'm not a pill tour. Why not? Because I'm not a rumble. This entry is said, my dad numbers your poems. We're part of you got this. Let me show you what somebody else thinking of them. Tane killers like Vygrin per cassette oxies. Oxies right? Things like that. All these. All of these. Think of what he was that. Meth got it on there. Pink killers? We do know. Oh yeah. Meth is getting the crank forward. It's getting like free. That's cute. The crank forward. No seriously. It is. It's getting 69 already. We had seven boats like 10 minutes ago and I've got 69. Puerto Rican Rouss says, why don't we show you a happy birthday. Long time no see over 18 years and he says, see, that's been like just played. It's cute. But he doesn't want to say it right like this. Holy. I think. Like that. That's supposed to whatever they were doing. So we got pink. And we can actually get to $1500. All these crank votes. Excuse me. They're Googling in. And you want to know why they're doing it because they said, oh, well, you know, they're always complaining that everybody in their brother is, I'm meth and all these towns are going to hell. And it only had seven votes. And I've got 69. I'm actually by Googling. It's got more because, you know, once they start creeping something, it'll let the number start just ballooning up there. I don't. I'm saying. Oh, yes. 70. See they're coming in by the ones. He was narrowly averted when a jetliner landed on a narrow taxiway at Newark Airport instead of the runway, according to the Newark Post. And then astonishing the screw-up Saturday, the pilot of continental flight 1883 touched down on a taxiway just to the north of the runway, only feet from administrative buildings. Then he proceeded to get his if nothing had happened, so we're just to say it. To say this is lucky. It was an understatement one, so we're said, this is a big F.A.M. Deal. How do you land a jet on a taxiway, question mark? F.A.A. investigators are trying to figure out what caused a pilot deviation of fish will say. Although no one was hurt, she was an accident, but nobody got hurt. Although no one was hurt, extra said it could have been a disaster had another plane that on the taxiway at the time. The Boeing 757 flying from Orlando made a standard approach over the New Jersey turn fight, but rather than landing on the 68-hundred-foot long, 150-foot wide runway 29, it touched down on a 70-foot wide taxiway at 61-PM. The wingspan of the jet is 155 feet. The pilot made such a short stop. He left Skidmark on the taxiway, which related to find by police investigating the bizarre incident, according to a source, extra said they were baffled out on a clear night. The pilot could mistake her one way for a taxiway. The sun has set at 5.50 in the PM. The plane carried 157 passenger into the crew of six. Port of 30 police immediately were identified, but the pilots didn't hang around to explain himself. There was no acknowledgement from the crew they landed on the taxiway to source. There was a screw-up that they high-tailed the other. What are you talking about? What you'd be saying? We got to the gate and that's all accounts. Voice the Idaho. Here's a Halloween story. You know what? I would be doing if I was given our Halloween candy. I'd have bags and bags of Mary Jane. Would you? I'd be giving them out. Well, if there was any left, I'd be getting your house hanged. Oh, why did you start when I used to? That was one of the... You were the one who started it. I didn't mean it about that. All right. How could I start when I... I'm not the one who had the Goopy Mary Jane sitting around that you were talking about it. And I said there happens to be... We're talking about Mary Jane. You're talking about all that old candy. And that's a good idea. You're a crazy person. Is that right, Josh? He did bring it up. Who did? Well, I know he mentioned the candy that he had a little right. That's correct. For you did, after you started talking about candy. I didn't start talking about until I... You mentioned the Mary Jane. Yeah. You were talking about what I said. Again, the Steve you can say. I get the Mary Jane's man. I don't know where I said, hey, I got a Mary Jane candy right here. You went by the time I told him. I told him to come front. I told him. I got off the ceiling for crying out loud. The electricity is different. In fact, I know I wasn't talking about it because that's what I thought you were talking about when you said Mary Jane. Anyway, what did you do with the dish? Can it? I told you. Yesterday was sticking. No, a big deal. No black cat will cross your path to Salawine. Not if a northern Idaho animal shelter can help it. Like many shelters around the country, the Kutanai humains deciding. Kurdalane, Idaho. Excuse me. It's prohibited black cat adoptions from now till November 2nd till Thursday. The food in the animals could be mistreated in the Halloween Prince or worse. Sacrifice in some satanic ritual. All of you kids out there don't be near one of dead cats. Somebody's door. By the way, this house. Kutanai. What did I say? Kutanai. Well, that's because it's an Idaho or your Montana boy. I mean, you don't have to tell me that nevertheless, it's the Kutanai river Kutanai county. Kutanai, Kutanai. What old Kutanai? Kutanai, what's that crap? It's an engine word. The risk may be remote to the shoulders executive director of the Sanman Urban Legend. Who was in that movie? I bet you dearly, there was in that urban legend. Wasn't in number two, Idaho. There you go. But in the Humane industry, it's pretty typical. That shoulders don't do adoptions of black cats or white bunnies because of the whole satanic sacrificial thing, Morgan said. If we prevent one animal from getting hurt, then it serves as purpose. You don't think that whole satanic sacrificial thing has to do with that role as wild stories of Jesus and that stuff. Maybe all those stories of human sacrifice. Out of 97 cats into shelter, 20 air black Morgan said. That's not good for them. I have a sem animal expert said the practice is more to hurt animals and protect them. Black cats already suffer a stigma because of their color said, geol bucklub. Black president, the American Society for the Prevention of Coral Animal Shelter's New York City. I penalized them and even more by limiting the times when they can be adopted. That's right. Poor little Pudding Cat wants a home for crying out loud. So what if you do put it in the microwave and nail it up on the door? Black cats tend to be adopted less often than other the feel eyes. But you didn't know that? No. He behaviorally. There's no difference from the color of the cat. It's sat in this whole mythology about the animal. Don't let it cross your path, some for boating or foreshadowing of evil. And that's an outdated superstition, she be saying. See, I don't care what the color of the cat is. I just hate them all anyway. It's not clear how many shelters still seasonably banned black cat adoptions to Kim Intino, director of animal sheltering issues for the human society of the USA. But the trend seems to be fading, along with the ones coming bands on bunny adoptions around Easter or puppy adoptions as Christmas gifts. That's a great idea for my house. Does it? If there were people I'm not going to be there, if there were people who were proud of that, you know, like I said yesterday, my carpets are nice and clean thanks to dry concepts right now. After all this time has gone by, especially that little piece of crab that tiny, you know. In fact, little piece of crab was his middle name. And sometimes it wasn't so little. If there were people out there performing rituals with animals that I would think that Halloween would be a time for that. But a good adoption process would tend to weed that out in Tino. It's going to be in sense of where there be was that happens no matter what. The remedy is not banning black cat adoptions. But if you're in Voici, Idaho, well good luck to you in the first place. There have been Idaho. Let's turn that one, which part you got to it. Quarterling. Quarterling, yes. Northern Panaddle. It's nice, beautiful. What is it? Cootling. Cootling. And you're wondering why 33 or 35% of America still loves bush. You're wondering? Well, it's about 50-50 there I would say. A lot of hippies live. Let me give you a barometer, okay? A yardstick, a measuring point. Think about ourselves managers. The biggest name. When you come to Idaho. The biggest is the O'Roger's. More Shredio 560. You A M. Break your blow. Oh, right. I got it. I am. As a Dalton. And here we go again. We're on all the losing season. That's never gone. And they never win. They never will. And I will never know. Why sports are a straighted victim. To win the Super Bowl. There. I am a Dalton. I am a Dalton. I am a Dalton. I'm a James and a Lee. I'm a James and a Lee. I am a Dalton. I am a Dalton. The same will story nothing new. The Dalton's are such losers. They really are quite lame. I knew it from the fair. We started. I watched the pitch for them. And did you see the win per week? It's safe and true that flag. Standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a flag. And there. I am a Dalton. You fair. I am a Dalton. I am a Dalton. Some of the power to teach some of the way. I am a Dalton. I am a Dalton. I am a Dalton. They are from the sticks of them like you. And the dooms. The Dalton's are such a football wall. And then the Tennessee. It's only five year long. They say, pull out of the dooms. And then they play the Texas. And almost made me sick. That's stupid. Two points has played. That's fumbling on sidelines. And there are the Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Some of the power to teach some of the way. I am a Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. All in no more in these issues. But Dalton's can't control the father running games flat. As for their execution. But I'd agree with that. They're always on a floor where we know that. You can't be sure. And when they leave the field. So has a stench of common door. And there are the Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Some of the power to teach some of the way. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Give them another shot of four. Oh, no! But Dalton's have no strategy. They play like any. Another couple game questions of things. Reds and Jets. I think they're always hard. It's almost like they're cursing. Esteeced in Taylor and Zectom. Which team is the worst in no say? Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Number 4. What the hell? 32. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Now they're true. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. Miami Dalton. 1.48. 12 minutes before the Mad Dog from the AAA arena. Pete Seasons starts tonight. They get the rings, man. Where are they going to put that ring? Back home. Look at that. Number 4. Our Reds store in our website today is GOP Perverts. GOP Humorotic. SWEET-16. 200 tossed people are red that already. It's movement up the list. Josh should be really proud of that. He would have put that on there. Maybe Oracle's plan to get some day. He's really proud of it. No, he's not. George is hearing evidence against Ronald Samu's accused of having a hitman that killed his wife and her second husband convicted of 50 year old Volcan man and seven of eight criminal counts today. However, the judge in the case Lucy Chernobyl Brown sent the panel back into the jury room. I wonder if she's kind of a Fudge Brown? Is Judge Brown or Bobby Brown? Sent the panel back into the jury room to complete the verdict for him because they didn't complete all the questions for a claim to the verdict. There's a possibility then that jury could return with a change verdict that are keep your eye on it. Among the guilty verdicts we turned against St. Miller for first degree attended murder of his ex-wife, attempted secondary remerter for her husband, tuning into an occupied vehicle, conspiracy to commit firstary remerter, and three or four counts of soliciting a hitman to commit murder. Other than that not much, Samuel's face is life in prison convicted in the murder for higher case. Prosecutors say the wealthy book of man hired four crack addicts to kill his ex-wife Heather and her husband, John Grossman, during a battle over child support and visitation. He must have been pretty peoed, huh? I like it. Heather Grossman was crippled in the 97 attack. John Grossman survived with minor injuries but died before the case was brought to trial. State wildlife officials have developed several potential changes to the Florida Algae D'Romanagement Program, including removing from the reptile from the solicited Imperial species and allowing homeowners to deal with dozenskater themselves in other words, killing. State may dowagerate downgrade gators to gain and allowing killing by homeowners is the headline. What's about a glutton kill some gators? Yeah, right. And all the hurricanes do because they're pristomed. The possible changes come from the first comprehensive review of the man's movement program in its 20 year history, developed through a public input of a 10-day period in September. The report proposal was posted on the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission's website yesterday. The commission will hear the options that it's December meeting and make recommendations to state scientists. Some of the new rules could take effect by late next year and you can start to all the gators you want. Whenever right. That's good. It's the killing state, baby. It's Florida. Carpardsville in the Anna. A teenager who decided to get her breast pierced for her 18th birthday. Faces reconstruct the surgery after a flesh-destruct infection for doctors to remove her left breast. How bad decision. Yeah. Stephanie Edington of Crawford'sville remained hospitalized Friday at the Indiana University Mental Center Indianapolis where surgeons also removed lymph nodes and infected skin up to her collarbone. Dr. Robert Gullade Jr., I wonder if he was singing to her. A professor at the Indiana University Cancer Center said the piercing created an entry point for the bacteria, but to proceed your likely did not cause the infection itself. Edington is diabetic where she left her susceptible infection. All another good reason for me not to go out and get an ice cream today. Or a nasal piercing. Or Mary James. Doctors diagnosed an Indian weather piercings August 29 with an necrotizing fasciate as her. Or gas-gain green. A rare condolence. It was also from rapid bacteria growth and leads to tissue destruction. So only the third documented case of a world of gas-gain green in the breast area related to the paper of Montgomery County. She was in critical condition by the time she wrapped in the hospital at over 14. By the time she got here, the skin tissue was all pretty much completely dead. She said she was a very sick kid when she got here. Edington is not an aggressive antibiotic regimen. There's already an underground research. She faces several more including eventual breast reconstruction structures. But he liked that. And that's one of the shows they put on an A&E along with that stress angel, mine, freak or whatever that's super-craf is, you're freak. Freak. Eunkst. Every time I turn over an A&E expecting some kind of real show, you know. Oh, Eunkst. That's what I'm thinking. You ever seen that anger? Yeah. I can't stand tattoos, man. I can't stand this candy. It just grossed me out. I thought I was going to get you for your next birthday. No, okay. Right on my left cheek. Back on time. Yeah. Yeah. One that says, hey Chris, Jones belongs here, okay? Let's say kiss this. Kiss this, Chris. And of course you know what the experts say about him, don't you? Good job, right Chris. Yeah. That's what they're saying. Of course he was an expert. Remember in the early days he was sucking up to the sales department of a... Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. Because no matter what I would say, or you would say he would say the opposite. Of course that was the sales department that we had there. And then in retrospect, Sharon, it would maybe just a little bit better. It's a big thing. So the best challenge for the business wheel, Rogers, for Sridio 560, you, A.M. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Oh, glad. Right here. What's the problem up there? Uh, right here's the determine, we lost our nuts and bolts up here. Hey, hey, Roger, that, dude. You guys know what you're doing up there. Well, the the honest one he was doing, nothing to go on there. They lost a bold, last night in flight. Don't look. I'm so crying out loud. Because that is better. Houston, we have a problem. Do not tell her I had to say about that. If you're supposed to be, uh, hi. You're doing it good. I'm still saying to that. Don't you think you might be able to, uh, sense someone up here to help us. You're, uh, Roger, space station. And then get it on that. Um, remember, it's a song. It's a song for my life. This is not funny. This totally unprofessional. It's not, well, it's made you. Alright. You're a bad idiot. I'm such an expert. I can't do blind. Space station, I'm not sure. They went, what do you want us to do downstairs? Well, I guess we're not a happy share of it to do up here. I'm thinking something is going to be a no-no time. So last day, space was contact time. Why not send a mechanic up and pick them up? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Let's walk in there. I am very professional. What is that? Superb, I have a mission. But I am there. Warning, warning. Come on, this is a rocket science here. Thank you fellow astronauts there. I'm going to go to your gun as really important. Thanks for taking my phone call. Now get back to work. Thank you. Bye, bye, bye.