Glauer ne 생각 Del dissolved The Dog Music Well, she can sell workers, they can buy it in and make sure that they can sell. Yeah, she's definitely not. Even though she has big ratings, all the critics say that there's a semester. Yeah, they say it's a mess. They don't like to push you, where's what we have to make one thing perfect. Play clear. Baby, correct. Don't cut, cut, just make it 50 million. All the partners on the net are going crazy. They're little computers. Yeah, they're like, people don't have to like a bunch of truckers. They're like a bunch of truckers. They're about to leave and hang you in the corner. Well, it's all done to hell. Well, the fight is literally kept in and Brian looks way back and thought we're here. Baby, it's 50 million. It's 50 million. Well, she's asking for America's help to come up with a set of sign-all. Yeah, she needs a final. That's a double ID other than what her company on your baby's. We're all done. Yeah, I'm ready for all she's been beaten up so bad that the poorly he might be f***ing headbeer. KD, correct. It's a cash of $2.15 million. Well, the media is buzzed every morning with something to watch out for. Yeah, it's a system. And the only one that's happy is that crazy narcissistic man rather. You've got a big deal of regret. All the handings he has said, like, I've got me immortal. Break down a set up tear. KD, correct. Don't care, don't care. Don't care. Don't care. Yeah, I don't know what you care whether anybody's watching out. She's got a contract of paying her 50 million a year to have that black eye and all that extra money. Okay, I don't know what's all she care, right? Right. Well, she's on some kind of an ego trip. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. Thank you. No. I didn't see any numbers for last night. Don't they do it every night? They have the nails since the overnight. Yeah, must have been holding up the rear again. Anyway, here's the bad news for a round to get us started. What if they as it wins? They said 10 or 13. Wow. Come you never read any of the good news for a round. Like, or is it any? Like, that house. Although that's a real zommar. The one that Laura Bush was raven of Bach. She was telling a dog. She was telling a dog. She was telling a dog. Let's see. We got mad dog at two of the power. Our with mad dog at Hank. It's four. Reason why we don't have so much lately is because there's this tremendous campaign going on. World boards, news paper TV, not. So was somebody went and by the way, Kenny and Boba are in a morning show. Giving tremendous promotion to not. Hank between five and six thirty. Another one of those shows boy Hill, he'll pay for it tomorrow when he has to work Two hours five to seven. But anyway, he's often six thirty because this is the rubber game in my right trash to the series. That's right. If you like your rubber. Marlins of the mess, they brutally last night lost six to four. Well, and they bad news because they had a chance to come with an a game with a wild card. It's in either lost. Am I right? Yes, they did it. If the Marlins would have held on a one-day game, they would. And there were 15,000 and 163 allegedly, which means there were about 9 or 10,000 people there in three or 4,000 met fans. So what does that have left over? Not much. We want to state, it's a great sports style man. What a joke. There's a 705 foul-money 80-camplan show. Here's a good news from a rack police recovered 60 bodies over the past day across Baghdad, most of them bound and tortured, highlighting how sectarian death squads are still plaguing the Iraqi capital despite a major security drive. And of course, and Bar province. You know what they're saying now? Well, we're worried about and Bar province. But got about it. Oh, they like that big chunk about a thirty-two. Yeah. Wow. Two car bombs targeting police killed 22 people during the morning and would another 76 today. The first killed 14 outside Baghdad's traffic police headquarters, a second bomb, but targeted police guarding electricity station in the east of the city. The death of another US soldier was confirmed in Anbar, province, and a US soldier was also killed overnight near Baghdad. But whose counting is we're getting closer and closer to 3,000. Just amazing. And it also says, and this article shouldn't left that out. I'm not that old. 100 people a day dying in Iraq. But they're Iraqis. We don't care about them. Even though we are there to liberate them and bring them democracy in the freedom. We're bombing them in a democracy. Letter, chronic letter, it's facts this in and it's cute. Looks like it's from the Harold. Can't usually tell what paper is there. Yeah, by the print. Huh? If you read the paper, maybe. Or maybe not. Maybe this is hard to tell. Anyway, it's just give me a kiss. And they've shown that thing with the Joey Porter and Bill Coward about four million times. Yeah. And even worse, they've got to show all of the sports kisses of all time. Didn't he kiss him on the neck? Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what that means when someone got kisses in another guy on the neck. It says, in light of the kiss, dealers, linebacker Joey Porter planted on Coward after you ran back in the reception 42 yards for the game-clinching touchdown against the dolphins last week. Next Sabin was asked if any of his players ever shared a smooth with him. Here's his response. He said, yeah, a lot of them. When we win, I'm happy. I hug them, kiss them, rub their neck, love them, and do all kinds of stuff. Brack them, wow. And, of course, he didn't elaborate on what that means, all kinds of stuff. One can only begin to imagine. Right? Right. The company that produces the girls gone wild tapes of young women very near breasts, connecting another sexual situations, pleading guilty yesterday to federal charges and agreed to pay fines totaling $2.1 million. That's small. That's small potatoes. And yeah, they got that thing. Imagine how much of that crap they're peddling man. He must be working that much in your VR. It's a great product. They have their own island. Do they really? Yeah. Yeah. No, be man. For older words, it's, I don't know what to do. It's called Girl Gone Wyland. Montra films Inc based in Santa Monica, California made the cleaning assistant court in Florida in Florida on charges, finally to maintain proof of age and ID for its young performers and sexually supposed to film. See, that's the thing we ran up against. That's why we, and thank you again to that. I'm sure they're not listening anymore because you lived in Monterey. But thanks to that person in Broward who sentenced that fax a year ago in June, when we had to take off the B.D. curtain thing. Is otherwise we would never know about it. And then Eric's asslet of an arranger. And you think the B.C.s would not anything to say for Eric? Oh, no. We all been deep crap. I've seen it also fail the label as D.B.D.s and video tapes properly as required by federal law. That's what they're getting fine to did for 2.1 million. A second company on by Montra's founder, M.R.I. Holdings LLC, ended in way to 4 degree men on charges of improper labeling. Under that agreement with prosecutors charges to be dismissed after 3 years, if M.R. a holding corporal cooperates with the future government prosecutors and covers up some of them poobies. Not. The two companies in their founder, Joseph Francis, will pay 2.1 million fines of restitution. Corporate state charges in Florida, legend that 2.17 year old girls were videotape by gross on wild camera and sexual situations are still pending against Montra and Francis. Today's agreement ensures that girls on wild will comply with an important law designed to grant the sexual exploitation of monitors and puts other producers on notice that they must be in compliance as well, set a system of attorney general Alice Fisher. An attorney for mantra, Aaron Dyer said the company would clean up its record keeping. The charges involved serious record keeping issues that occurred several years ago. According to court papers, mantra films submitted to violating record keeping and labeling laws while distributing the videos during 2002 and all of 2003. Founded in 1997, they released 83 different tables and sold 4.5 million videos in DVDs in 2002. According to their Hoover's e- Business Data for Menostintex, 4.5 million videos in DVDs in 2002. So let's see. What would you say? What's the average card? Like 20 bucks, 30? No, you get like 3.5 million. 10 bucks? That's a dry shirt. Don't tell me you got those videos now. I had a hard time. I had them already when I got this laptop. They were already on the drive. If you were. Get out of here. Oh, along with other things. I don't want to talk about, but yeah, along. Yeah. I'd like to find out where to help that stuff came from, by the way. I'm including that part. No, seriously, who would help? I know, who would put that on there? So I'm saying, oh, you know, yeah, you just dropped the drop. I think that child had many serious problems. Yeah, unless we always scratched the surface. Yeah, I would burn that computer file with you. We did idea. We said fire to it. So it was a four to a half million times. Well, if it's average three bucks a piece is what you're saying. Three bucks a pop. That's about 12, 12, 13 million. So what's two-point one, men, right? That's 12, 13 million a year. And I'm sure with their creative marketing, they're doing better than that. Let's see. Larry sends a facts. Well, I'd tell you we're off to the races today. What's going on here, man? I don't know if you can see it. It's the middle of the week. It's murky and rainy and drippy here. It's really pretty. Pretty mung kind of a day. A federal prosecutor said yesterday, Monday, it won't charge a Jupiter Florida man with conspiracy to commit wire fraud for a flood of spam emails to President Bush's website. Assistant US attorney David M. Segel. So I'm under he's kind of Al Segel. He used to do the news on WATC in Rochester 100 years ago. He's, I mean, he did. Al Segel. Assistant US attorney David Segel told a judge. She should reject arguments that Bush's chief of staff call Roe cause the criminal investigation against Robert McAllister. What would ever that means? Larry says, nice idea. This guy gets pressed for some balshmit and W gets away with murder and high crimes. All I want to know is that. As a matter of fact, the newest pull is very depressing. Only 30 percent. But third man. Of Americans think that Bush ought to be impeached. And sixty nine percent said no. I like that. They have a scene or what? Yeah. So you should be the other way around. 98 percent say, yeah, impeaches ass and all his murder and bloodshed. But the American people are stupid, man. And they're still a whole bunch of the same that Sodom was bail out. Our wife, Moistur, Tom. Here's yesterday's pull. This was the important stuff. Who has the best ass? The Husband. 1541 votes. J. Low. See, they still think it was who had the biggest day. It's not the best day. Bigger is not always better. That's right. I've been saying that all my life and nobody believes it yet. J. Low. I hate this pull 194. But that we went down to 12.5 percent. I like what's today? We got on today's pull for just I hate this. Oh, I didn't put it on there. Good. Wait a minute. I didn't put it on there. Oh, that's my bad. You better add that. All right. Right now. Before I never leave that off, what the hell's that all about? Although we do have 800 and 2 votes. It will make the 1000 probably by 11 something. But get that on there. Right away, please. Who has the best ass? J. Low. 290. I hate this pull 94 Angelina Jolie 170. The beast has a lovely. Right. 119. Well, not lovely. Just gigantic huge. It's because in apartment complex. Right. I carry. She really is scary 101. I don't. She's a killer who was late edition. She moved that very nicely 84. And if I would left that on a little bit longer, she was just zooming up. I've got to take it. Vita Gattara 81. Jessica Alba 68. Jessica Beale 66. How come Jessica Walden didn't get any. Oh, God. Play Misty 4. Okay. Britney 64. Tom Brady 61. How do you like that? Brittany Boy, how you have fallen sweet. She just barely aged that Tom Brady's ass. So fear for Garra 48, Oprah 41. Man, talk about gigantic and huge. Beyonce 40. Great edition. Yeah. It's Misty. Tom Kriff. How are you glad you found that? Thanks to me. Yes. Oh, it might seem like great to be complete. I'm not really all right. They're going to level. You know, jazzy artsy firsts. You've never seen great song. You're a little bit of misty. I always look at you. I like it. That's all right. Crawl you lounge. Yeah. Beyonce 40. Tom Kruse. You fair 26. Scarlett Johansson 25. In your barge Johansson didn't make the cut. Kate Hudson 18. Even though she has no ass. Thank you for the picture. She had no hand. And horse face. Right. There are no boobies. Right. And she can't act but other than she was there. To football game with Tommy, Dolgar stuff in his zoo. That was lovely. At the rest can get Jennifer Conley 16. Asked to ask Brady Quinn. Jennifer Conley 16. Asked to ask Brady Quinn. Ty Jennifer Conley 16. Well, would that be some of the see those two asked to ask. I'd pay to see that. And Kylie Minogue. Solumenta Tracy 13. I just remember that it was the last sentence. And not a good idea to start with it. It's fun. You know, when you out of practice. There's a lot. Yeah. I never. Well, I'm not even going to ask. I'm not even going to ask what happened to. It's good because I don't know. Yeah. I don't want to know. You found it. Yeah. I know. 1013 at 5.60 WQA. I've seen a time. We took this person. We're at a lastman hurricane preparations. And of course, looking all those things that are forming out in the Atlantic now. Well, the hurricane shut about lead manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters. So don't get caught with your shutters down. And now they provide you with extra installation too. By the way, column at 9.5.4. 2.3.7. 7. 83. They feature rule downs. Accordians in panels. Just like the hurricane shut about the custom maker even installed the shutters for you. Right now, 9.5.4. 2.3.7. 73. And get on your way to top-notch protection for the rest of your life. The hurricane shut about that family owned an operated license and shirt and they brought in Palm Beach County approved. These stuff all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and livening panels cut to your specs and ready for pickup or a liven right to you. And like I said, if you need they'll install them for you too. The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted. Tell them that Neil sends you to save you some cash. Feature 100 dollars off a minimum order of 350 square feet just for having a ball's to mention my name. The hurricane shut about the column at 9.5.4. 2.3.7. 7.0.8.3. 2.3.7. 87.83. You're on the wicked web log on too. Hurricane Shutter Outlet.com. The biggest name. So, for this challenge, I've heard of manual rotters for Shredio 560. You, A, M, M. When the Marlins game is over, you return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, you return to regular programming here online at wqam.com because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, you return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. come. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. The Marlins game is over. We were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, We cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Come on, come on. Florida Marlins baseball online at wqam.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.comcom.com.com.com.com.com.com.Com-com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com don't forget to register questions for our website. Here's a sounds as some background music in our community on which we say tarot ads or hong,ds and ho, not badότεops, no without any word. It will. Because it means hu thanks for that true sou explosiveness and зрotos. Ock you було i ar i he who go or stuttering guilt from Homestead. Yeah, I think public guilt written guilt worth. Yeah, yeah, what a quenella. Yeah, what are you doing, sir? OK. I just returned from Vegas. What a time. What a good time over there, buddy. First time. And I believe the last time, because I spent too much money. Who are you money? About 800 bucks. Oh, I'm not a nail. I'm saying 45 minutes of what I'm saying. I'm not a boss. What's up, yeah? Yeah, I think. I thought I had a to act alive and two kids. I'm just a lot of money. Oh, yeah. I'm not my pocket every month. Well, I'll put you in a run so much, girl. I know, I know. I got it. I stopped that shit. I'm about to. Right. Now, see, I told you we're going to get some really good calls. This is all you were right. I don't know when they start, but I told you if you're going to get some every duty, whatever he just said. Wow. Stuttering guilt from Homestead was in Vegas in Las Vegas in 100 bucks. I was probably a dump roll with that part of it out. So really, some sure wants it out. When do you think? All right, that's it. WDQA, and hello. You got it. Yeah. Just thought I tell you, I'm listening to the internet. And I don't know if you noticed. But while you're at commercial in its blank, instead today, it's saying we will return to regular programming after the Marlin's game is over. This. Right. Yeah. And it says that due to the licensing with the baseball commission, they won't let us play the game. And so in other words, I almost thought, wow, that's a little early from Marlin's game. Yeah, I'm not going to say it. Listen, no, it's never too early for Marlin. Well, yeah, that's true. Anyway, love you. Nice. You look good, news, family. OK. There's a little kiss on the neck for that collar. That's what Nick Sabin says. He says he kisses him on the neck and does all kinds of stuff with the guys if they win. If, you know, if he's happy, if he's unhappy, gives him like James Woods would say a touch in focus. That really says a touch in took. I say that's what he said. Took us right to the edge of the insanity James Woods with those zits. Well, he just, he gives me his schilkees. OK, here's today's pool. I should have gone with that right before those great calls. 853 votes on there. What person sums up what America is today? Thanks to Steve, by the way, for that poll idea. Wow, wow, and we still haven't got any more from pull man Sean. Right? When we just appeared. Maybe he got a life. I have no idea. Yeah. 853 votes. What person best sums up what America is today? And surprisingly, Bush was at early. Did you think he would probably win? I thought he would. But I think this is perfect. Paris Hilton is way out of him. She's got 294. And George W is got 235. The reason that she epitomizes even so much better than him is because there's all this hoopla and big fuss. And she's got nothing. I think somebody else's money. That's why he's got almost voted for her. But I voted for him instead. So did I. I voted for W. She's got 294. W is got 235. It's strictly a two-ass two-horse race. T-O, Teralones, 59, Katie Kirk, 56, media. Did that tell you to do an age of media equity? It's what it's all about. Is media equity as they dare to be. Remember that album by loser Campbell? Yes, I do. What happens to my overhead? I just knocked it off. Just relax. Donald Trump 50 had Robertson 38. Tom Cruise has got. But third man. P-D-D-28. Jerry Falwell 25. Read it. I apologize. I keep putting read across being there. I know her name is Cosby. Don't change it, Eric. I mean, I just, I don't know what it is. Yeah, you do. I just can't stand by. I know you said. You know, it's just so sad. Here's the joy of this moment and then it turns to me on. What are the things? There were poor out there that maybe he was dealing with depression. There's a moment, but you know what he's saying about that, and maybe there's something something happened to mentally or maybe some anti-depressive drug that he was taking. She must be talking about Dan Abramus, who's not the general manager of MSNBC because anybody that would put her on here again would have to be on drugs. I mean, look at her. She's got that donkey face and he looks like a donkey's ass and she can't speak. Other Nazis of burdened journalists and she does these in syphid-de-assides any other questions. Yeah. But other, she's a great, great, great, great. She's a great broadcaster. Did you know he was on that? And she's fat. 16, I hate this poll. Only 13, what we just put that on there, right? Right. 1.4%. And Shack, of course. Shack. Never heard too much about Shack. He has only 13, bringing up the rear. I was going to check the Shack man. So what are we going to get his segment on the morning show now? Oh, I need to get it done. How do you QI am? Hello. That great, we put it. A man wearing military fatizin, throwing punches into the air, tried to open the Asjadore of a jittering cross-crunched out country flight last night, airline officials and patches said. When I like under her, he just a little bit. A little bit. He met an airline's flight 890 from L.A. landed his schedule at Washington, Dallas, International Airport 835 PM. Nobody was injured. Can't listen, Burger, of what he or California was on a flight. Told the A and P in telephone and if you that he helped subdue the I really passed your. The man wore patches on his fatizin with special forces and jujitsu, jujitsu champion logos, Wolf and Burger said. You jujitsu, I wonder if that's like jujitsu beans. Oh, boy, those are just what you're filling. You know, they're well. They're nasty. They're nasty. They make all the candy they eat, the movie theater. So, so ban for you. They're very good and plenty. It's the same thing as real theory and it pulls off. I think that Dennis must have their finger in it. Love it and party. Anyway, the guy on the yes, they're like, the man have been acting strangely for about 20 minutes. Then sat up, wrapped belts around his hands and threw punches in the ear. Wolf and Burger said. Well, that would indicate a little bit of a problem to me. Not a much Wolf and Burger said he heard a flight attendant yell for a help and tell the man, sir, get your hand off that handle. Anytime you hear a flight attendant shout, please help. You worry that something pretty bad is going to happen. Yeah. Wolf and Burger said the man was held on and punched by other passengers as he grabbed the man's leg. Air hockey, the payments were custody of the man. The passenger became on rule of about three and a half hours in the flight city and I had a spokeswoman meet me, and McCarthy. After the passenger was restrained, the pilot decided to land at Dallas. McCarthy said it wasn't an emergency landing. Airport Policine FBI agents met the flight. We're interviewing the passenger according to FBI spokeswoman Debbie Weirman. 138 passengers, just good members on board McCarthy said. And they all have a good chuckle about it. Whatever. Not. Okay, matter man. Guys, trying to open up the damn door. Although what would you rather have going on on the airplane that or the guy that took a dump on the food cart? No, yeah. I definitely would prefer this guy. Yeah, from punches in the air. It will be a little wind blowing in your face, you know, that's not the pair to what the other guy was going to do. Do do one of plane. Is that a bit that we can play anymore or what? I think it's safe. Listen, don't know to get carried away. Nothing is safe. Why? Oh. Oh. Oh, it's not very low. Oh. Oh. It's like a home growing man, wasn't it? My darling. What have you got on the airplane that fortune despite drive way? Not enough you're single. Of all vibe girl'söz. Can you get the button on yourPN? Like happy Jack the clown You fool this is the And you pass Keep a thumb lift down Oh, I feel this almost satisfied So you can assume you won You cry Don't go apart Make a bow star And it will fall Ready? Oh, ha ha ha Now you didn't dump that with you I didn't dump anything What are you talking about? Jack Huh? Sounded like a dumb to me It was a crazy scene So f*** challenge for the business The old Rodgers For Shreddie of 560 If you pay them Because of restrictions by major league baseball We cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball Here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over We can get new control We can come We can do it Welcome On the Song that starts You give us the Top bomb You gave us the lock The bomb Yeinhard They have decided On the trail Also, moderate Comments When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com You can a lot of it! You will return to www.wqam.com Coming up tonight, uninsigned behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, They were the first super group of the 80s. It was incredibly heavy burdens to bear. Although compared to say global warming, not that big a deal. They were Asian. Dang, boy, out of the gate, we were number one, but our second album died completely. What happened? The police and Michael Jackson, that's what happened Sounding number Steve Howe was not prepared for thriller and synchronicity. Two albums that so dominated of the 1984 charts as to crush a lesser-more-knowing band like Asia. Sting reflects on those heavy days. Well, yeah, we really had a shower! Go to sticky! You get back here, Steve Howe and face me like a man! For the past 25 years, Steve Howe has been lying in wait for sting. Never missing an opportunity to pop off from behind the building and punish him for ruining Asia's chances and success. That's what Michael Jackson, howe was carried out a similar systematic plan to top of him and revenge for outselling Asia's sophomore effort. LAPD, come here help you! Hello, I'm an Bad and that's in boy! And Michael Jackson taught me! Who is this? Well, I guess we better invent the game being seen as delegated! Asia, so afraid of lame themselves, they lash out at others. Hey, just like the White House, it's a big juicy shopping window. Look at show business tonight. Uninside, about hiding. Howe liked that! Remember at the beginning when it wasn't PC, they were like kissing bushes, and ants and all these bits, and all of a sudden, but it was her slamming him. And Natalie means that the DCT is by the way, sitting at a dumb F. For what a fourth I did give them a lot of feedback over the months. You have that issue, yes. I think you're responsible for them, finally, too. No, I'm sorry. I don't think I'm the only one that gave them such feedback that all their bits were bush-sucking. I like also their feedback that they keep putting stuff in there, like the I-S-word, which somebody ought to read them. The FCC regulations forget about the new ones, even the old ones they don't know, you know? Or just play through them on the phone and George Carb and the 70-word's been, you know? They don't get it! You would think that there'd be an abundance of caution out, especially for us because Jesus, God, we don't even have a license. Anyway, moving long. But who cares, you know? The text still came in. It's amazing. And look at that, I think we're like on a virgin 900 votes on a poll. I just see another 9-03, wow. It's just barely past 10-30, aren't you impressed? I think we're off to the racist man if the sales department could just keep pace. Wouldn't that some dog and pony sure we had there this morning? Whatever. That was really great. He said, whatever he said. That's a quote. Yeah. He said, don't say this and don't say that and don't do that. Yeah, okay, go away, Joe. Leave us alone. And then when he asked me if I'm a hockey fan, you know? See, here's a guy that really understands me in this show. He claims he loves this show. He hasn't got a clue, but nevertheless, this is a follow-up to what I asked about the other day because Friday and Saturday the stories were like flying over in the newspapers. A sunny-house beachman who was declared a casino winner, then later was told he was a loser. Might get good news today, casino officials said, but can only pray. Put your hands together like a praying man for a mattress. We hope it can come to an amicable agreement said, Mike Bloom, president of the Seminal Hard Rock Hotel, because he knew how they would. Bloom, laying human air for the problem during Freddie Howard's August 29 visit to the casino, and said he and Hard Rock executive will meet with Howard this afternoon, and is for a lovely day of attorney Keith Herbert to discuss what to do about it. The Hard Rock's been reeling since the Swappin' Winstery Growth, and officials said they wanted to assure the public that they were addressing the situation properly. Well, that's good. Herbert and Howard said that they're ready to be assured. We hope to hear news that is worthy of celebration, not news that we're stonewalled, Herbert said. Last month, Howard told his players club, by cards who be swipin' win progressive Jackpot Kiosk, inside the casino, he swiped it, and promptly was told by casino employees here won the $259,000-dollar plus Jackpot almost $2.60. He was even a photograph tolding an oversized cardboard check. See, that's where they made the bad mistake, and I wouldn't think that they would do the well. But then 15 hours later, Howard received some bad news that had been a mistake, instead of swipin' win, it was swip and lose, or maybe swipin' win nothing. It was a human air, not a computer air balloon explained yesterday. Several casino employees involved in a promotion, misread results, and assumed Howard had won the top jackpot. Bloom would not specify how the employees' air, but said only, they did not follow proper procedure for verifying a prize winner. Bloom explained that after Howard had swept his players club card in the Kiosk, it's free, never specifically advocating one in the prize, little on the top prize. Standard procedure when a player believes he or she is one is for staff to verify the prize by checking the log from the computer system, then getting authorization from casino or executive. You also see what they do at Woodby, man, when somebody wins the jackpot, somebody did win it again and about two-three weeks ago here. Can I say to the story about that? You're going to cry. Okay, I wasn't there, but I was told because all of us, you know, chronic degenerates, we passed the stories around. I'll get my hand. But Ladyfriend in mind was there at the night that it happened and we went on a Wednesday, and I guess two weeks ago, what's tonight? Ladyfriend. Yes. Ladyfriend. And in any rate, a guy is playing a machine, not one that I would play, it's a double diamond, we will force it out of play those. But anyway, the guy is playing a machine, he puts in about $7,800 and gets basically nothing. A machine is called as Stone Cold, and it's Lady Knight is busy and owner of people standing around waiting for a machine and there's a guy standing behind it, we've been very patient waiting in the guy who is losing turns, you know where this is going, right? He turns around and says, geez, I can't get anything out of this, maybe you'll have better luck than me. Oh, you cry. He plays $7,800 and got nothing, okay? He gets up, he lets the other guy sit down and all the other guy can go up all things, and the Sri Lankan guy sits down puts in a $20 bill in the machine. He gets a spin for $100, which lets him keep playing for a little video a couple minutes. All of a sudden, three wheels of fortune, jackpot. $166,000. That's not a story that makes you cry, that's a story that makes you a... Of course, no, it makes you like... Oh, yeah, I know I would. I know that. The mistake that the other guy made is that he was still standing there watching when you... Oh yeah. No. You leave a machine, do not stand around. Unless you're going to the one next to it or a couple down, you can't help but see what's going on. Don't stand around watching. Just sit straight. That's correct. Otherwise, you're going to get depressed, and this guy was standing right there, and he just got to get the trophy to the fortune. So, the $166,000 in the mouth. That is correct. So, anyway, when somebody wins one of those deals, they come around and I'm sure they do this at all casinos. They come around and they get... They got... All this machine reading, these computers, and they hook it up, they got this big, take tray that they roll in, and they have like a thing of what's like a stethoscope. And they're like listening. No, seriously, I'm not joking. They listen to the pulse of the machine, whatever they're listening to, I don't know. And it takes them like a couple of hours before they finally verify they have to call me the headhunter from the Ontario Gaming Commissioners to come down and sign off on it and verify it. Wow. Anyway, turns out Howard didn't win anything, not even a t-shirt. The casino broke the bed, news took him 15 hours later. He was crushed, but it's hopeful for a positive outcome this afternoon. Good luck, Howard. I have faith that Bill Payney after we meet said Howard, who's swiped at a lose sag as been critical across the world, and a national casino trained publications. Although the casino blamed the mistake on human error, it's taking no chances, and we could be a fault. This week, the Seminal Tribal Gaming Commission contracted gaming labs in her national and independent firm that specializes in examining computer systems associated with gambling devices. And it goes on about. Sometimes casinos do good make good on mixups. There was a case of the action traveler, as owner, who's that's a K-Dash, CH-I-N, action is not good. His Harris casino in 98 pity woman, a $330,000 prize, the officials had refused to pay her the year before. The Tribal refused to pay the woman because it discovered a computer chip malfunction in the machine, but after negative publicity, casinos paid her. So that's how I guess his money, and everybody's happy. Wouldn't that be nice? That would be great. Even a Joe Bell. The feasting, so best balanced to the basis of the year, Rochester's 4-squidio 560. When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam. at wqm.com. When the Maryland's game is over, we will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com because of restrictions by major league baseball we can not stream Florida Lawrence baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Maryland's game is over, we will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, who return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wq bast nice kuham When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, who are turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Okay, sorry, Bobad. You can make him go out club and get a teammate kill. Poor you, but I thought we'd go back to the hotel. Just a minute, bro. I gotta make a stop. Oh, man, I'm outta here. And you can play football. Man, 2007. Freshbox 360PS2, or just want sports on and see all this happen in the real players. Just come to show up and keep eating. Okay, show him up a little bit. Man, he's outta control, man. 1046 and 560WQAM. And there's a facts right away. Just like Jordan. He's like a little one. Wait a minute. That cut my attention to tell us more. Tell us more. Well, what's wrong with somebody who is having a lady friend? I always try to explain. I'm sure people realize this, but they're just too stupid to think about it. There are different kinds of friends of people. There are people. There are many people. There are regulares of wood vine. I know them by the first name. And then there are regular ones that I see all the time. I don't even know what their name is. You know, I'm just not that the luxurious alcohol and kind of guy. Oh, my name is Neil. What's your, who cares about their if they tell me fine? I'll tell a mine name. Right. I'll make one up. But, and then so there's a lady who's in quite frankly, she's a very nice person, but I feel very sorry for because she's always they're losing her ass. How are you? I'm just saying, and when you go to a place like that, often, and you get to know the regulars. And if it's human nature, not that I really care. I'm not nosy, but it's human nature. You wonder, where does somebody like that? Where is, you know, not that she's a like a bag lady looking person, but where do these people get that money that they're just, you know, probably, a bunch of times. I was talking to the story about the person who went in the jackpot. She said, oh, I put $1,200 machine number three to the amount of got six spins is all I got and lost my ass. She always is losing her ass, but she's having a good time. She says, oh, I would imagine life insurance from killing her husband. Well, she, you know, does a lot of credit cards stuff you know, I mean? A lot of visits 3 a.m. And you have to wonder about whether the husband's no about some of these women. There are a lot of women there, just maxing out their credit cards. I don't want to go into that, because it sounds too much like gambling. The main gambling is evil, and they will take your money. 924 votes on a full-life, will you buy 11 something we'd have a thousand in night? We're off to the races, baby. Even almost smell the horse ruffings. Fox News reports the Senator Chafie's opponent, I'll consider, well, this is from last night. Well, this must have been one of those, no, I didn't send you to story last night. Josh is accusing me of sending him late night stories. Okay. Maybe I'm busy with my lady friend. Maybe you're busy with your lady friend. Maybe that's the problem. It's no question about that. I'm sure he is. With his Russian lady friend. What is coming in? I don't know where to see her all the time. Right. Let's see. Lincoln, J.F. He won. He had the 50s v.% and Steve L.F. 46%. The only thing with this is that, and of course, Hillary got 83% of the whole New York in a democratic primary, it was no contest. And Elliot Spitzer easily won the New Yorker. He's got to be the next governor in New York. Because Fatakiak isn't running again. And Mary or Cuomo, son Andrew Cuomo, won the way ahead. 52 to 33% for a New York attorney general. Anybody care about that now? No. Somebody, there's still some other ones. They're at Quisi in Fume, former head of the NAACP. He got beat. It's Quisi. Quisi? I feel Quisi, I just read it. That is real name. M. Fume. What is his real name? Joe Brown. Joe Brown. Nice job, Brownie. Heck of a job that he lost. Anyway, that's so what the deal. They like it. Chavia, of course, is a moderate Republican, which is one of the very, very few left in the world who voted against the war in Iraq, who didn't vote for George Bush. You know, somebody was on. I figured we're talking, he had it was yesterday, which idiot on the year. You bet, you know, it's just so sad. Who said that he voted for John Kerry in 2004. He didn't vote for John Kerry. He wrote in George, he, Herbert Walker Bush as the protest against W. So he's very anti-votionist policies, but he, in addition to which he just wanted Republican primary, that doesn't mean he's going to hold on to the Senate seat. Come November, it's just that the other guy, if he would have won, they would have basically conceded because the other guy didn't have a Chinatmist stance in Hell. See what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying it's a bunch of crap. In addition, which they can't count the votes right anyway, I got that somewhere in here the story about the, in fact, it was Fred Grims column. Nice going, Fred. Fred, Fred, right something worth talking about. I might actually get to it all that we do have. What's your name? What's your name? We're in the coal, uh, Natalie Maine. Okay. Speaking of the day, it's during. Presell Bush's, Bush's are dumb f, is what she said. Presell, two or three times. Presell, for Zelda, for Zelda Gerald Gray. Lefty for Zelda. That's Quay season. That's real name. Presell, just tell him about the, for Zelda other day? Yesterday. See how this all ties together. I've always told you that. I never believed me. So anyway, my friend's name is Sandy. I'd Lady Friend. Well, that's nice. Well, when I worked in a West Palm, a J&O in 1975, my best friend in town was a lady listener. Her name was Sandy. Well, that's great. See, of course, uh, I know a lot of gay guys that have lots of female friends and I didn't say I have a lot of female friends. But I didn't know, I never knew of you to have any that you would call a friend. What do you mean by that? I thought you would, no one has heard that the lady friend erupted. My stuff was that there are different kinds of friends. I tried to whisper, I said, after my mother died a couple of years ago. When some people got all bent up a ship because they found out they weren't my best personal friend. There are those friends you had that you would trust your life with that you hear about a lot. Then there are those friends who are like acquaintances that you see now and then, hey, how you doing? And then there are those, you know, talking about my mother. Like if you never say that, they're exactly. If you never saw them again, it would be too soon. Don't you miss Farrell and I? Well, I do. I guess I'm sorry if I'm taking a nice nap in it. And again, not having anything to say. I can't stand people like Claudia. Just because you're bored. You know, I don't, because they have nothing to do. I don't even know what that means. It's like a girl. That's something to girl with. Right. That's exactly right. So, and of course I do love his wife. Now there's a good friend of mine. His wife, even though you hate her. Because he hates you. No, no, no. I love her even though she hates me. Oh, no. Sweetheart. She is a lot of work. We're a lot. And I do miss her, but I have to. If the price of not being around her and having dinner with her once in a while, buying her dinner, if the price of that is not seen or husband, then I'm willing to pay that price. I love her even though she hates me. You don't even know her. A matter of what? You did. I did her at the pizza law for free. She's a lot. I thought she liked me, but then, you know, a different kinds of friends. But then she was another one. It's just, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm no kind of dream world. He was living it. And so what you should have said to River when he asked you that question, because you should have said, yeah, I must present, you know, for example. I was too crazy to say that. I say Spanish police officers said, I'll be in for a video presentation on how to get promoted to Sergeant. We're instead shown footage from a hardcore pornographic film official, say they are today. Oh, my God. Howling laughter, Ripple, to the auditorium were 120, 120 Madrid City Police officers, the gathered Monday to see video on operations at an academy, where they are a study. I bet you're anxious to get to academy. They're quick. They Madrid Regional Justice and Interior Ministry said, I'm going to speak official said computer technicians have blamed the glitch on a Trojan Horse computer virus that activated when the Trojan, see they got that on her too. The activated when the computer containing the video was turned on. I bet you that isn't the only thing that got turned on. It was just bad luck that the virus activated right then said the official who couldn't be named because of department rules. The person operating the computer stopped the video and turned it back on several times, but each time the porn of movie came back on. So the operator eventually just shut the dancing off all the way to the table as they were chuckling shortly. And showing on their chorizo. They've had a big on-pig. I told you that the other day. And they realized that to us all these, not wrote that. PBS. When you got the HD, you'll be watching Discovery and PBS a lot yourself. When Josh can tell you, Discovery's the best. But PBS is got some good shows on there. You don't watch the travel shows on there. Josh, because you know you're never going to get to any of those places because you know. Well actually it looks so good that I could say that I've been there. Oh. Although the one thing that bothers me is that both of those guys really maxed in. And what's the other guy's name? I figured that twerping guy with the glasses. Too much with the RC Farcee with the museum's and the paintings. You know, for an old proverb like me, I don't want to see that you know. For a young person like me, I don't want to see the people. What? I said it's a young person. I don't want to see it either. Who now wants to see RC Farcee? Oh, we didn't go to the van Gogh museum. And I'd never remember how to museum. You guys get out of here. You see in my ass. You're a lady Fredal want to go there. You stop with that. What is the big deal with it? It's just an opportunity. She's not a friend. She's in acquaintance. If I've seen her outside of woodmine, no. I don't see any of those people outside of the casino. Is this the, you had their regulars there. Don't you understand the, you know, I said, you know, they make a joke. No, no, but you understand the way it works in a place. Or side view. Of course there are strangers that walk in and have no idea what those going on. They put in a $20 bill and they would like, you know, $4,000. And then the rest of us who, you know, go a lot and we lose our ass. Most of the time. We only see a church. Very good. Excellent analogy. I only much more fun than church. Yeah. That's a puzzle. No church, I reckon. Stop being such a human bastard now because, oh, ninety percent of America will be in God. And then, of course, they're differentiating. This is the most amusing part of these polls. Well, is it the authoritarian God or is it the benevolent God? Is it the hostile hateful God? Yeah, cut the crap. I mean, just just the fact that they're talking about that exposes what a bunch of crap it is in the first place. Yeah, which God do you believe in? Oh, I only believe in God. Wow, that's your was love on it. It was 949, 40. That sounds like Skara America. But it is not too much. 940 votes. What person sums up what America is today? You know, the full tomorrow is kind of a little bit similar to this. Should I tell you what it is now? Go ahead. Something or someone, I don't want to hear about anymore. Oh, I got a long list. Oh, yeah. Today's poll. What person sums up what America is today? The first hell is God pretty goodly between 19 or she's going to be on that list. Yes. George W. Bush 262. He's also on there. T.O. Terrell on 61 or T.O. As in Toronto. Katie Kuerick 60. Bad bad makeup. Donald Trump 54. Pat Robertson 30. Your 9. Tom Cruise 34. P. Diddy. Diddy. Just old did 28. Diddy or Diny? I hit this poll 27 only 2.8%. Sure. Well, 26. Read a costly or read a crossby. Whatever. Have you want to call that bitch? You're going to the moment in the turns to the other. Color net. He's got 16. And of course, our good close personal buddies has got only 14. The biggest day of the day is the challenge for the faces. The world's worst. For Shwedeel 560. The Marlons game is over. We return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlons baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlons game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, We cannot stream Florida Marlons baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlons game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, We cannot stream Florida Marlons baseball online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we can not stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com. When the Marlins game is over, To return to regular programming here online at wqam.com Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com When the Marlins game is over, we return to regular programming here online at wqam.com This is the real Roger itself. This is your brain. This is your brain. This is your brain. This is your brain. You're probably going to have a lot of fun coming up. Then the grads bad. I don't live in all clenchings false or not 11. The day they will clench and blow up the towers and everything in the world. Don't let the vests look at him. You might want to rethink that after a couple of weeks. He's a turd. I'll take Joey here and say over JP Luzeman. He's a loser. That's what I'd be saying. By the way, I have some for you. Our friend Kenny Maldon walks in thought you'd like to know that KDKA and Pittsburgh. Are you aware? Yes. Of course. I'll play with my friends and go to the pirate's house. Oh my god. I know I can't stand ball and there's one of my favorite people in the world. When I close personal friends, one of my manly friends is opposed to my lady friends. But KDK lost the rights of the pirates. A lot of them teaching to fire Bob Heyrenz, even though he's been dead for 20 years or more. That is shocking. Iron city beer. An Atlanta City미, Manning Pow Pirates Radio on KDK and also of course on the Pirate Network And also, of course, on the Pirate Network was WWE and Wheeling West Virginia, 1170 on the dial. On nights when KDK wasn't coming in real crystal queer, I'd have to turn over to WWE and another one in the Big 50,000 wide giants. Those are the days, man. On your kids out there, what's upon a time to aim radio was a real trip, it was a real hoot. It was worth owning one. Everybody had like a little transistor, if you ever have one and little transistor radios, it said, dude, those were fun. That was yellow. That were like indestructible. Nine was white. Oh yeah. And it was like square and white. And it took it to college and made a Michigan State in the night. You dial WABC and WLS. And of course, well, what am I doing when I got all those jingles in there? That's right. That's not the one I wanted. I didn't have any callators. That's what I wanted. Of course, that wasn't that far away. I'm an eSlancing and that's in Detroit. What's the big deal with that? And when we get started with that, it's really pressing to think about those great days. And we're getting modeling. I mean, I mean, I'm modeling. I'm under can't have lived in Maldon, man. You know what they named it town after him? I did not. And they named it in pickles after J. Rokeach. He just, you know, what is there to say about that whole UN crowd? You know, overgrown children. And that's the whole thing. The whole deal there is just a bunch of overgrown children. The whole, all those people with that program, you know what? I'm sure Josh would agree. Are you a big hurricane fan? Are you want to jump on the bandwagon? I wouldn't say that. Who did they play this week? They play? Yeah, Louisville. Well, that's another girls team. What are you drunk? They did. Is Louisville good? Yeah. They are. Yeah, they're in the top 25. I didn't know that. Louisville. That's because how it's smelly burger got out of their finally. Once a guy went to him, they started getting good. He's another idiot. Anyway, so that's another was just a prospect of things. They lose two of the first three ramen. You don't even count that game against who was it? Man, we don't count that one. That doesn't count. That doesn't count. That's like a skimmage. That's just a joke. What is it that every college, you and I went to school, Michigan State, we always open a season where against the girls team and usually lose. That takes some talent, like central Michigan or whatever. This year they won. They beat some girls at a blind. I forget who that was. But the hurricanes and all these other schools, they always have to have at least one or two games on the schedule against some cream puffs. It's a joke. The political action organization move on. org has announced the placement of a new TV ad, which will condemn President Bush for our sporting the 911 attacks to bolster the election chances for Republicans and then in term elections. Well, it's about time, man. Move on, spend 100 grand for the ad by and the 30 seconds possibly running nationwide later this week. Oh, their 30s will probably have men. Oh, brother. In a statement issued by move on. org. The group said that the ad exploiting 911 or mind that Americans remind of Americans of the not-esquited claims and promises made by the President and Republican leaders in Congress about the connection between 911 and son was saying the campfire or some have been not and making the country safer by invading Iraq. Not. Though that's especially hit on to our special on the real background in 911 on CBC last night. It was great. And they had to richer Clark on their a lot. And that's a very end of it. He gave the load on the length. I mean, we've heard it before. You know, about how the first thing they brought up was a rummese called saying, well, there's no good targets in Afghanistan where we got to go after Iraq. There's good targets to bomb there. And Richard Clark said, I thought he was joking when he said then, I said, what are you talking about? Iraq had nothing to do with us. You know, but there's good targets. And then he finally, colon pal was one of the more moderate voices there until he sold out. Right. And finally, they convinced him Afghanistan first, but then Iraq. That was the plan all along. Huh. I mean, this is the day after. This was September 12, 2001. So anybody who doubts that they already had this in mind, this was the game plan. Anyway, Eli Pariser, which I get emails from him all the time and too many, how come I get he's emails, but not your bills. It's a pariser. It is. Yes. Eli Pariser. You can see whatever you want. Okay. Pariser sounds kind of like, you know, that's what he says. How do you know that? Where do you see him on NPR? So above the daily show. Eli Pariser, pariser was on the daily show for us. We saw that org, yes, he was being interviewed. He's executive director, move on for the collection said in the shameful that President Bush who falsely used down Laven Bléis into the fiasco in Iraq continues to exploit and I'm loving to try to bolster the sagging fortunes of the Republican party and it's got the whole transcript on it. I think we got some pretty interesting raw stories. Great. Great website. Yes. It is. Even if you don't read our website, we're a story dot com. It's fabulous. Right. It's raw and watch Keith Olderman. He was great again last night. Too bad you're not watching. David. I just had already been one of these days. I'll set my watch alarm. Just get rid of all your lady friends during your house and just watch your keyfold. Oh, the phone. They're much shopping or something. Yeah, with my money. Well, what does that be? Oh, he also has credit card gambling with my money. Pay John's to win the world. You're credit card. Or maybe his big screen TV. I was asked and invited you over yet to watch the big screen HD. They have big plans actually. We're going to really drop ass and watch the colorized version. And not pull us. Yeah. Seriously, you're like, well, I don't know whether it's a good thing or not because once you see it, you're going to get aggravated because then you're going to watch. Oh, geez. I'm going back to watch my crappy TV. F is in that. I wonder how long it's going to be before. Well, what's the is a 2009 that everything is going to have to be an HD. Remember the FCC mandated that by such and such a day, then they pushed it back. I think 2009. No, not everything by then. It'll be a lot more channels, but it still won't be everything. Well, then then. So, one day one day, you know, I really enjoy it because my my HD never portfolios. My local never portfolios are from Buffalo of course, but the HD ones are from Seattle. You know, Colmo and King and whatever the other one is not there. Right. And they do the news in HD. Have you ever seen that? You watched it? Yeah. Yeah. That is really a trip. That's fabulous. Just, you know, everything. I mean, from, I mean, not that I like to show, but David Letterman is in HD. You could see all the wrinkles in the face. Oh, my god. Then, does it make like, when the pencil goes to the window and he's sure that pencil is like the glass comes through the living room? I didn't make it that far. I would say that like for anybody who remembers 3D movies with the glasses, you know, I would say, I'd rather make it come back on that, but they work out to bring it back every once in a while. Yeah, it went in a while and bring it back. But if I'm glad, how so waxed with Vincent Price was great in 3D. But the same kind of three dimensional picture. And when you're watching a live sporting event in HD, you could reach right in there and pat, uh, Brady Quinn right on the ass or Tom Brady or whoever you like, move the cheerleaders. Anybody, you can kiss and accept it on the neck or give him a touch and took us. That James Woods man. Yeah. And when you told me that he was Jewish and then I found out about that wolfless creep stuff. Oh, I see him on the year now and the afternoon. I get angry. I got so angry yesterday, I turned over to MSNBC, you know, who was on? Oh, no, there. Maybe he was dealing with depression. Yeah, I'm, I'm different. I see. There are some things in life you say this isn't possible. This cannot be. This cannot be. Like that incident I hadn't Berlin. A little more than an incident, but you know what I'm saying? You feel like you must be dreaming. Somebody paints me. This can't possibly be really happening. This has to be like a dream. You're a very good one like that one or a very bad one like a rock. Oh, right. Can we know anything about that one? Like that one. She is. Don't you know what I'm saying? This is a key cannot be. She can't be on the air. If this were a movie, it would be funny, but it's not. She can't really be on the air for kidding. It would be like a real news. Believe whatever she's supposed to be. My gosh, she's impossible to look at and she can't speak and she's an imbistil. But other than that, she is dynamite. God, that's why she should have a lot more votes on today's pool. I'm surprised. It may be the most people who know who she is and maybe because I put cross being said a cross, but I'm sure not. She's just barely about shack. She's got 17. He's got 16. And we got 9.78. What we're going to have that thousand by the bottom of the hour. Aren't you excited? Thrill. We're rolling baby. Let's roll. Isn't that a bush that lets roll? Even though the guy's on the drain said roll at meaning the food cart. As they were breaking through the cockpit through it, I said what happened to that plane by the way? There's been a hole in the ground there, but what happened to the plane? Maybe that's like the what happened to the rest of the plane of the Pentagon. Don't start with all that loose chain stuff and that Pentagon strike and all those other conspiracy theories. We're sick and terrible. I crap that anti-American and stuff. And that anti-israel stuff too while you're at it. If I got a story about that later too about all the cluster bonds that you owe you. You had to accelerate. Yeah. Well, what do we do in here in the weather? Custer bomb or a cluster. What we can't see that? Please, Mr. Cluster. There was a song a record called, please, Mr. Custer. Was that Larry Burn? I don't know. Larry Burn, please, Mr. Custer. What was it like with that? Mr. Custer. By Larry Burn. Is that a boy? Larry Burn? Oh. I remember it. I know the word. I wonder if he's in the burn player. He's in the guy close spot. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is that great? Yeah. I'm going to get some back going strength. Even though I don't even need it. I don't know. I'm figure skating. So, this is Alex for the business. We'll be around for our last four-year-old five-sixty-us. Hey, man. New God. 998 Holies, the one I'm a herd. Oh. What's that doing? What's that doing? What's that doing? What's that doing? By the way, I see you're working Friday. Thank you, pardon. It was on the first schedule and you're on the recording. The mind is getting. Bonds, my piece of been, something, something. The past is fake, things. Bonds, my piece of been, something. The past is fake, things. Don't wanna fly with a kite of overtrees. Five little kite of I'll be thrown into the ring. So far, five little kite of I'll know not me. I'm on and up in the ocean. Pack as panties. I'm covered in nasty steam. Not to blister in. And a tube of bench cream. Mix it up, band. Make some dn-t. Oh, no, that's no solution. Go on a five little kite of the oasis. Five little kite of I'll be nothing left with me. Go on a five little kite of. When I see, I'm on and up in the ocean. And welcome to Heathrow International Airport. Please note, in a half security measures, or in place with the aviation sector. All liquid and gels are prohibited. You're reading 7 points, and you're reading 8 points. You're reading 7 points, and you're reading 8 points. There's a good coverage, a shampoo, a perfume, a sound and lotion, a toothpaste, a gel, and a nice and thick, a bit of a good consistency. Thank you for your attention. Enjoy your flight. Oh, I asked it out to last another bolt. They're working on the space station. You see that? No. Yeah, it's one thing if you're putting together some like a chair or something at home. It'll direct your set. That's it. Like, you drop a bolt or a nut on the floor. Nothing worse than dropping a nut on the floor. But if you're an outer space station, you drop a bolt, and you're like, reach back. Oh, oh geez, it's long ways away now. I want to be something if that bolt lines up in like, oh yeah, like what? Like we brought like our hours. Oh, yeah, that'd be enough. It's off here on Friday. Now, what is that all about? It says, in my schedule, and then I just got to be by the way, that's an error. No, it is not. It says, Friday, September 15, and it follows the big O, and then George Rodriguez, to the tube, managed his Hooray's D'Areal, power hour, and Baba Hanking the operator error. What do you mean by that? It's an error. No. So George Rodriguez says, I'm on here at Monday, Tuesday. But he'll want to push me into like five days all over. Yes. Yeah, Christ, I'm getting the old man. Yeah, I know that. That's what you think. I got more energy in my left pinky, then you've got your whole body. Oh, that's not it. That's not seeing much of that. Doug Thompson writes on CapitolHealth.com. As Clarice, with that said, he's got you, and a Clarice wouldn't make him a steak on a schedule. What do you ever be bad? Because he is so little else to do anyway. He says, interfered with the morning show and put a lot of stupid sports segments on it. Too much sports clearance. You're killing those guys. Can he sounds like a really good guy like a broadcaster, like somebody who really belongs on here, which we very, really do that. Doug Thompson writes with every bush lie more American soldiers die. As in. I mentioned we have over 1000 votes. Yes. Well, let me say to give you a thousand 13 voters, zoom in in there now. Forgetting piles of votes. Oh, I just dropped a nut on the floor. Which one? Right one. Doug Thompson says it shouldn't surprise anyone that George W. Bush continues to line the American people about Iraq. Bush lies so much that it's doubtful now that even he can separate truth from fiction. But the people of Ashley fight wars. I'm like the coward and chief who ran ahead in the Texas air guard to avoid defending his country in Vietnam. Says we're losing the Iraq war and cannot under current operational strategies. The feet and surgeons who feel doesn't sometimes hundreds of Iraqi civilians every day. Marine, Major General Richard C. Zulmer, a senior American commander in Iraq, told reporters in the phone interview yesterday that the US led coalition effort cannot defeat the insurgents with present true levels. Zulmer says he has to be sources to continue training Iraqi supply the insurgents, but he doesn't have the forces to actually beat the insurgents. If there was seen a larger role for coalition forces out here to win that insurgency fight, then that's going to change the metrics of what we need out here. Zulmer said that's a sterling admission for a general who was put on the phone by the White House to try and offset the damage by another military assessment. That says American forces have lost control of anbar province and area now control by Al Qaeda. If I can just hit a rough speaking of being put on the phone by the White House, remember in why we fight when John McCain who during those days when the interview was actually speaking the truth and he was helping a lot of Chamey and Black House. And they interrupted the interview and they said there was a message from McCain Secretary. Oh Senator, the Vice President's office is on the phone. Vice President's on the phone. You have to take it. Yeah, but they shut him up in a hurry. So if you wonder why Colin Powell changed his tune and they showed that via the UN. It probably had pictures of his family stuff like that. Minor hints, you know, like in the godfather. Like when they brought in Frankie Pentangeles brother from Cicelia from the old country. Anyway, I'm good read that sense again. There's a sterling admission for a general who was put on the phone by the White House to try to offset the damage by another military assessment. That says American forces of lost control of Anbar province in a renaut controlled by Al Qaeda. And of course keep in mind before the Iraq attack, there wasn't a well-cut in Iraq. A classified before by Colonel Pete Debelin, Marine Chief of Intelligence for the Inbar conflict, both the American military and the Iraqi Government of lost control of Anbar to Al Qaeda. And then Al Qaeda's influence is growing in Iraq. Even Zumr, the general assigned by the White House to put out the fire, won't lie for Bush about to report. I have seen that report. I do concur with that assessment he admits. Which adds another irony to Bush's dirty little war. He lied about the so-called lengthy between Saba and Al Qaeda to justify his word to a gullible Congress. Now he admits such a link did not exist but he overlaps the fact that the American invasion of Iraq is given Al Qaeda a chance to gain a strong position in the country, along with other terrorist and insurgent groups that did not exist under Hussein's rule. I think I just said that. Bush claims we must stay the course and Iraq because leaving would let the insurgents and terrorists take over. What he doesn't say is that it was the US invasion equated to the conditions that allowed the insurgents and terrorists to get a foothold in the country. Most residents of Baghdad must live without electoral power for parts of the day because the US can't keep the power plants running. Most cannot venture out of their own city because the insurgents rule the streets, not American soldiers, and certainly not the puppet Iraqi government that the Bush administration installed. Socials returning from Iraq are given talking points in their commandos and trolled the talk up the war and interviews with their hometown media. Most of them troll the talking points away. They know the Pentagon spin his volzschmit and the president of the US is a liar. They put their lives online for a man who would not fight for his country when he had the chance. And many of them resent doing so. And who can blame them for being bitter? Every rationale, every reason every justification for invading Iraq has been proven false. It's a war based on and fueled by lies. Vice President Dictane, bragged that American soldiers have been greeted as liberators, their booed and cursed as invaders and occupiers. Bush continues to paint rosy pictures of success as increasing numbers of American soldiers in Iraqis of it is die. Yet the president will continue to lie and as lies will continue to get airplane thanks to a well- orchestrated media manipulation program, put together by his operatives. As the fifth anniversary of the 911 attacks on fools, it comes to look less like a sad remembrance of the past in more like a troubling glimpse in the future. A window to a new age to teleeterian is met loons before the US, where a powerful right wing government tells lies, aided and appended by friendly media corporations as journalist Robert Perry, former newsweek in associated press reporter who broke many of the Iran conference canister is during the Reagan years. Perry writes on consortiumnews.com, so even as the CIA and the Senate Intelligence Committee find the acknowledge some of the many Iraqi war falsehoods told by George Bush and a senior advisors, Bush's misfeasence and now fees and serve scared by Disney's ABC TV documentary drama, pinning most of the blame for the 911 catastrophe not on Bush but on Democrats. Walt Disney's selection of a right wing dictator and with the secrecy that surrounded the project, the path to 911, also by the signing for him to make a collaboration between a giant corporation and the Republican government and power. Republican sources tell Mises Doug Thompson, Bush's political guru Carl Roe was up to his eyeballs in personal involvement with the ABC miniseries. That should come as no surprise to lose from it with Rose Motors and App Opera and I. Concludes Perry, Carl Roe of another Republican strategist project, but effectively he'll be a one-party state, with Republicans controlling all branches of government using the federal courts to redefine the constitution and keeping Democrats around the spoils and boogie men to stir up the conservative base with warnings about the enemy within. On the fifth anniversary of 911 Bush and his Republican supporters were trying hard to be via the loss in a mental unity that followed the attacks, but the saddest legacy of the tragic they may be then marked the path toward the end of the noble American Republic and the start of a new to tell a terrorism. Perry is right, what Bush and his band of co-conspirators of a contest is no less than a coup to overthrow the government of the US, said Doug Thompson, A, or the USA, quite a, he's he's he's right in comes every day now. Good, probably in a bike, I like, yeah, 80,000 thing I know. In their best 90 commitment to stretch what should be a five minute segment of sports in 220 hours a day to convince our, that corporate is never wrong. We went directly to you, the listener. To last a new and 280 old sports one night on W2AM. Oh sure, I can't afford to buy anything to advertise, it does let me daydream about men. And how does this in old sports radio affect your life? Well, I can support my favorite teams in Ashley. Even if they wouldn't give me the sweat off their jacks, right? Sure, I know they care about me and my opinion, at least I pretend I know them personally. But you don't know any questions. No, but I can still go woo woo when my team wins. Woo woo, what a game, what a game. Does that change your life? No, but it feels good to do that or something. What a game, oh, does that change your life? No, do you like men? Oh, man, these are men you I like. It's men that you want, you walk about, they're dead, you want to wake up next to winter morning. Does that make me gay? Yes, that make you a homo. I got a go, man. My pants are getting tight. Day. 26 till noon. That's... I was 16, W2AM. 1,311 votes on the pool. Very important question today. What person sums up best? What America is today? What it's become? And isn't it a sad thing to look at? You know, I'm a smelly. Paris Milton 347, man, I hate to smell that. George W2A23. She's pulling away man. She's in the lead. And rightfully so. She's the epitome as Edward Armourl would say. The epitome of what's wrong with the world today. George Bush, 23, although almost is talented as she is. Katie Corrick, so way down to Katie's 68 small potatoes. You notice the big drop off? It's a two-hospital race. T-O, Terralo, and 66, Donald Trump 55. Can we ever see the promo he does in NBC? Were he shouting? No. He's a screamer. He's shouting. He can't read the telecom. He's got a shout. He's got a shout. He can't always in a very high register. You know. A cash register. I hate this pull 43, 4.1% but Yamama. So socks in hell. Pat Robertson 41, Tom Cruise 37. Pete did he 29 whose new name is whatever it is. Probably. Prof. Magic Dragon. Jerry Fallwell 27, read a cause of the 19. That's read a cause of the use says. Good. Something. It's a little bit of a mental ear. And shack is only got 16. He continues bringing up the rear. And I'm sure it's a gigantic rear. Even though he didn't do all that. Well, we didn't put him on the asphalt. I'm sure it's as if his ass of each chic is his biggest head man. He's got a mammoth ass. Not as big as that dog that Katie was walking on the beach with though. Kate Holmes. When you, I was still thinking it over that. And then we're like 18 votes for that too. She's got the best ass. He didn't have any ass. I think they were joking. I think that's not. She's got one ass. Tommy. But he keeps slipping him around with the other way around. He keeps slipping her around. That's the ass. Anyway, Tom Regan writes on the Christian science monitor and roll ass. In a report that some of said is the most negative he had filed by a senior military officer in Iraq that chief of intelligence for the US Marine Corps Interact concludes that the possibilities of the US and Iraqi government securing the trouble Western Iraqi province of Anbar R remote remote as in probably none and much less than none. The Washington Post reports that Colonel Pete Bevelin's assessment written in Mid August also says there was almost nothing the US military can do to improve the political and social situation there. When army officers summarized and is arguing that in Anbar province we haven't been defeated militarily but we've been defeated politically and that's where wars are won and lost. Though very pessimistic statement is one marine officer called it was David August 16 and said to watch in shortly after that's been discussed across the Pentagon elsewhere in national security circles. I don't know if it's a shock wave but it's made people uncomfortable said it defense department officials were the report and obviously is anonymous. The post reports that Colonel Bevelin offer several reasons for this situation. A lack of US and Iraqi troops in the province, the collapse of local governments and a weak central government with almost no presence in the region. The times of London reports that lot of Britain's top soldiers in Afghanistan quit the army last month because it was so frustrated with the situation in that country. Captain Leo Doctorty of the Scott Skars of the campaign and the 7 province of Hellman provinces become a textbook case of how to mess up a counter insurgency how to mess it up. And an opinion piece in the Washington Post asked Madurai she they pack a state journalist in the author of Taliban and G-Hod, the rise of militant Islam and Central Asia, writes that the tactics and strategy of Islamic extremist fighting US or NATO forces have improved dramatically. He says al-Qaeda and its allies are winning by not losing. How do you like that? Hey, I want it's kind of like you, I am. Yeah, that's what it's like. We're not winning because we've been doing a great job because I've even not in most but because the other guys across the street are so bad that nobody could lose to them. See what I'm saying? We're winning by not losing. We wouldn't like to be far away. I'd like to fall on it. But you fault. And who's default with a bay if we don't do all that great? Thousands and forty votes on the pull. Now we're holding up our end and putting that right now. We're back to high in the air. You can smell it all across the counties. All across South Florida, even probably into the aches, no doubt. Even dating as perlism polarized by that, he was a dashing on computer engineer. She was a shy student as on the motto they fell in love over lunch last year in the University of cafeteria and probably became engaged. That's we. So, as they prepared for a future together with a couple barely discussed the subject of the under son of Hussein's rule, I'm on to do a footnote of matters of the heart. He was a shy Muslim. She was a similarly curred. But now those labels are tearing a couple apart, barred by their families from marrying anyone of the opposite sect. This is like the Jews in the Glam. The couple is erased one under cell phone numbers and stops speaking. There is no hope in this country anymore for soon he's in she rights to fall in love said who shall I'll guise a 24 year old engineer as he buried his face in his hands and we count it the story. For decades marriages between Sunni's and she arts in America was ordered in the day we called a prayer. But the sectarian warfare gripping the country is created a powerful buried as Sunni she had romance is married couples a file for divorce rather than face the score of the neighbor's George. Fine. Fine. Finance. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. And increasingly young singular wreckies included that is simply easier to stick to their own kind when it comes to loving family. Stay away from those goiom. Hear like my parents, he was to tell me all the time don't socialize with those goiom. And of course when you growing up in a town of ten thousand people were those like six Jews in there that kind of limits your social circle. You know what I'm saying? That's right. Great limiting. When you've kind of a sheltered childhood I could argue. I'm here nagging up for it now. Believe me. Twenty-to-nune QAM. The biggest name is so fast to how I face this real Rogers sports video 560 QAM. WIOD. I hate that station. The world's oldest joke is now a nation's world is slowly and may pass them popcorn. Oh, look at me. That's a just reach over and help yourself. The person. The person. Yeah. Oh, you see what is that? Oh, you're a pirate. I'm a pirate. You're a pirate. You're a pirate. I'm a pirate. I'm a pirate. I like that. But is it butter popcorn? That's the question. Level 45 we got mad dog at two and then we got that tower hour baby. What's that? You're probably asking, oh check out those billboards all around town. That's the hump or in the mad dog together. In stereo. They're showering in the power hour. Fortified and then the hump or for an hour and a half before the Marlin game. Big game tonight baby. They got a win at game. They're all in anymore because they've only got like what? 17 games left. Yeah, they're about. Hopefully that they're a bond. I think they're like 73 and 72 is that would have to be the record. I'm just off the top of my mind. Right. That's 145. That means I got 17 games left. And two games behind. Well, that's not that big of a deal. I can do that. Like over the weekend. Because to me like, San Diego is on the verge of choking me and gagging anyway. They're not that good. Any San Diego team is not that good. I know why San Diego hasn't he seems to you. What? He stopped them. No. No, really. They're hockey team doing. And what about if they got a basketball team? They got a hockey team? No. That's what I'm saying. San Diego. So it's like Buffalo. You know, I mean Buffalo's got the bills and they got the sabers. I want to do like the sabers. All right. Green still a media radio company whose founders include social Lank of his glorious style. I'm out like that. Max Fynagana. He could play on my team. Whose founders include social Lank of his glorious style. I'm an actress. He found his lunch and all women. I'll talk never across the USA. How do you like that Joe Bell asking me in my hockey fan? Did you hear that, George? I don't know if that's exactly what he said. But, uh, how it is, okay. He said you're a hockey fan. Are you? Yeah. Well, and are you a Panthers fan? Well, that was a fair question. You have been, but I haven't heard you be a fan of there lately. What are you talking about? For you're in law, Lank. Okay. You're a fan. Well, maybe because I ignore all that Pantheon talk. We don't talk hockey on it. Call up Rimmer. He'll talk some. He'll hockey you a China. I'll bet. I'll bet. I'll bet. I'll bet. Well, that's bad if we give a station in South Florida with that. Because then how we're going to lose our whole 80 audience. And then this network has a different spirit as more community. It's more about information about humor, about respect for different points of view. And I can sit in arguing, stand and float road and interview. Well, how boring them. But greenstone also have hopes to attract mail listeners. We do have mail voices on the network. He said it's much better to have a mixture of voices. Oh, that's what Susan Ness said. He's chief executive officer of greenstone, which got its name from a children's book by Alice Walker author of the cover purple, who evidently has big into a colors. Maybe she reads you will say today. The network's broadcast of air since July and selected stations such as WINN and I, and in Jackson, Mississippi, WXCT and Hartford, Connecticut, a station in Flint, Michigan, that evidently is going to know color. It is because it's not here. And launching a broadcast in Albany. Oh, yeah. It's also trying to partner with some satellite radio outfits. Sounds like real big time, doesn't it? Not. We expect that people will be able to also get us on mobile phones, cable radio. iPods, and everybody distribution vehicle on their pop-up toaster in their toilet. And by the way, what is that spot they're showing on TV? We can't play farce on it. They got a spot about kids go go go go. Yeah, I don't know. You see that? Sure. It's a potty spot about the little kids sitting on the toilet. Go go go. What is that? That's potty. Jesus God. What the hell is that? The potty's so hard. There's a potty's so many. It's a potty. It's a potty spot. Yeah, it's about gold potty. Oh, I see. Well, good. Let's not play that. They can play it on the network. They can play that spot. See if we were getting money for it. If we got money for every fart sound and we played, we have fart sounds 24, 24, 24, 7. Real ones. Signed and put it out the idea of an Albany network stem from a company survey showing 18% decrease in female as news over the past seven years. Women, who do you have this? Paragraph. Sure. Before that. Currently the network does nine hours of programming. They would be pretty sure the 12. Wow. Here's the thing. Here's the piece of resistance. Women are really fleeing from A&Talk radio. And now FMUZ becomes, they're fleeing from it because people get to music different ways. So here's an enormous window of opportunity we're diving in, she said. Well, there's no window of opportunity because you're going to like in stations and markets that are like 15 watts combined. You know, they're dreaming. They're like the guys across the street. They think, and not normally is both the side of you. Everybody's a broadcast. You know? And what kind of people want to hear glorious sign of them? Okay. Gay. Am I right? Right. That'll wash up. Once you hear that bitch. But women are really fleeing. Well, see we can't say that women are fleeing A&Talk radio in our market because we never had any on this station. Never. We had them in IOD. We had them do a little bit. Yeah, not tough. Right. We had like a lot of Wednesday last time we had a lady collar on his show. I don't recall. Okay, that's how long it is. Let's see if we can scare up a lady collar right now. Five. Just one. Five, six, seven, five, six. We don't have any women out there. Oh, near our our women. We know, yeah, right. All that crap we hear all the time. It's just like the people that come and speak in a regular way. They're the casino. Oh, you so lucky. You so lucky you always win when people say that to me. I just want to like that. You know, I actually, there are people who say that. You know, they see their all the time. Oh, you win all this every time you and you are right. You should let's so long. Bitch. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. I'm on. Yeah, huh. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. I got that. Five, six, seven, we're talking about real ladies. Not guys in the strap on. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. Do you see there won't be any ladies? You'll see. In fact, we're going to have to film these slides. So we're going to be on about a 10-minute delay or we just done. We're done. Oh, Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Q AM. Uh, yeah. I'm a female collar, but not necessarily a lady. That's our favorite. Really? Uh, and I go all the time. I call you all the time. As a matter of fact, the lift on my club. I said, uh, the George's voice may be hot, and you said I was pathetic. Yeah, I stand by that. Okay. All the maybe makes me say even hot from that promo we heard before. Maybe he likes George's voice. I don't care. Well, thanks. You're close enough. We'll take it. She said she's not a real lady. Well, we don't want a real lady. No, no, we want it. Unreal lady. Some kind of a slut. Oh, yeah. I think it over. Apple. This is really depressing. What? That nice segue. Now. Well, I look now. See, all these probably a whole bunch of ladies on air or just idiots. I don't really care. I've got our lady and we've proved the point. We don't have any. Apple computer and convey that's new movie downloads. I'm sure you saw about this. Yes, I think. They've jobs. Yes, I did. Uh, becoming the latest company trying to secure a tow hold. And what can be a rapidly expanding entertainment market. Like I said, that whole thing about music radio and didn't it bear out in that archeologist read about the growing standard and her focus radio and network? Uh, FM music radio is history. It's on the way out. They don't realize it yet, but they're done. I mean, with all the different options that you have for listening to music that you like, especially in South Florida where FM music really is garbage. Yeah, garbage. In fact, that's an insult to all the garbage. Apple also updated its entire line of popular iPod MP3 players under the new movie service. Consumers will be able to choose from over 75 movies from MirMax and WALF Disney company. Oh, Disney Pixar and Touchstone. To download from the company's popular iTunes store. Well, Steve Jobs, you can take those and stick them all deep in your crypto. Yeah, and as we have the time to be a good company. You're jumping in bed with Disney isn't it? Not OAL. Even if they had a movie that I liked, which they don't. I still wouldn't watch it. The movies will include Power City Caribbean, the curse of the Black Pearl, Shakespeare and Love, and the Incredibles. Consumers will be able to download the films to watch in their computers and iPods. Well, first of all, nobody wants to watch the movie on your iPod or on your computer. Or write it out there? It depends on what kind of screen you have. Oh, I got a 21 inch, I think. I got a decent sized as a monitor, but I don't want to watch. But I got an HD TV in the end. That's supposedly going to be their next deal. Apple said users will soon be able to watch the movies on TV with the upcoming release of a new product WITV player. See now we're moving on to that. So that when Josh buys you your HD said, then you really have something. Especially when you hear your HD DVD player. I haven't got that thing yet. And why don't I show that? There's no material for it yet. How many movies are there? Huh? I'm not third man. They show movies in HD all the time. I'm sure as you know. They don't look any different to me. They show movies on the HD channels. You're talking about? Yeah. They're all there's a little bit better definition. But it's not enough that it's worth going out and buy all kinds of things. I agree with that. We believe the ITV concept could make Apple a bigger player in the digital home. UBS analyst then writes his wrote in a research note after Apple's announcement. Are you excited about that? Not with. Hey, I'll stick with my iPod. Wait, wait, you know, blow the curve. I'm way, you know, you don't find there. What? With your iPod? Like me to have an iPod with course a thousand songs in it. I think I'm doing just fine. Go to Adio. And if I want to hear music, I listen to my music. That's somebody else's two greatest music. That's some craft that some programmer decided to put on a year. That a bunch of punky kids with their pants down. They're ankles and listen to. Who wants to hear that crap? They, the ones listen to that. Huh? It's just 12 year old girls man. Listening to what? The popular swill that's out there. The old girls listen to their rap crap. Yep. What about 12 year old boys when they listen to 12 year old girls? Oh. And what kind of sounds at the bottom? Apple is also updating his iPod. I'm rolling out a new 30 gigabytes version. Not 30 minutes. Price to 249 bucks. And a new 80 gig mile for 349 which will hold up to 20,000 songs. Or 100 hours of video. Let me say it again. Anybody that wants to watch a movie on their iPod is an idiot. Some people travel. That's what that's all about. So, well, there you go. You have your movie collection as well as your music. You mean what kind of plane? Yeah. Well, if you travel business class, you can turn a real airline. You get the movie thing that you pick your own movie. As you said, a business class on a real airline. Right. Now, the ones if you're a big spender. When you think like, slippers like you are going to go buy the new iPod? No. Of course not. The company said it will also offer a new thinner iPod nano that will feature a 24 hour battery life. Now, that's more like it. And more storage capacity as well as the company said it will also offer a new thinner iPod nano that will feature a 24 hour battery life. Now, that's more like it. And more storage capacity as well as an iPod shuffle. One, what I say, I get one, two many gigs in too many now. A one gig iPod shuffle. Right. So, it's also wrote that the new iPod products could help drive Apple sales higher for the rest of the year. They also announced that how likes from NFL regular season games is here to be available for purchase through its iTunes store for a dollar nine nine nine game. They can also take that in the store. But why do we want to need that when we got the NFL network which advertising on a station by the way, right? Here's the NFL network right there. Look at that. So, I picked up new in C, so I'll explain to you today a Wednesday. Yeah, you should do that. There's Clinton Ford as soon as I hope he's going to kiss her right on the neck. I'll be banned. Anyway, last week Amazon launched its new unbox movie download service while wireless phone company Sprint next. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. And it's a new one. But this could have been fine. But they just reached a certain point. And then they ended it would have been it would have been like after Ned Bady got some poke in the woods up there in deliverance. And then the shot the guys and then buried him. And then that would have been the end. You know what I'm saying? Right. That would have been unacceptable as well. But you're right. So there's so many movie makers. They don't know how to end the film. No. It's you gotta start backwards from the end. Like come up with a good ending. And then work there. That's right. If I were going to show you how to do it today. We're ending with you right now. The biggest name. So this channel has to be the system. We all rush for 4th radio 560. You. And. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12th one hour on Q 8. Oh. We're going to take one of the fifths. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to see. We're going to be. Oh. How long. What's up. Emily. Who's up in today'sSun will be over who? Okay. Murray working next episode of Family Newt. Hmm. Baltimore episode. There you go. Women, pair. SpaceDuM&HLF Ma4K abusive noise. We're given keyway to do ourlenlipS�on hyperboume więks. Storm cancelers. Bringing characters in the interim loop. Let's do another first poll. Let's do a large sale. Everyone is going legal. And this is aSamaro. St בא�졌. Otherwise now as the common house steaming care right this time to grab as I see them and go looking for some flying Losers the mangled and maybe even a tiny fire team in a team okay enough of this you've got plans already But before we get in break We're gonna take a closer look at the demon spawn and front of me Lings of for himself the prince of darkness Satan's okay first you want to grab this little first part on Mitch In hell Charlie christ remember Charlie you've ferried Sureing up his conservative base attorney general Charlie Christ has tapped state representatives if Cot Camp of Cape Coral to be his running mate on the Republican Governor's ticket for November. And what's wrong with having a gay governor? Cot Camp 45A rise in star in the house who has made his name as a staunch defender of the courts and opposed radical litigation reforms is a safe choice that also helps Chris send an all-of-ramps to conservatives. Conservatives have been miffed by Chris recent rhetoric that he softened abortion and supported off similar unions for gay couples. You're fairie. He's a great man, a great leader, a man of great integrity Chris said he said he made to the decision yesterday because in the mile end you've got to go with what you think is right in the end. Cot Camp said he gladly joined the ticket because he's been in admirer of Chris and say first met in 1998 when Chris was running for U.S. Senate. He'd been in admirer. Just like I'm in admirer of my close personal friend from Berlin who I'm sure I'll never see again but nevertheless I'm a big admirer. I'm saying what I'm saying. I am. Charlie Chris is deep down on my heart going to be an awesome governor. Cot Camp said noting that Chris brings the vision the integrity and the heart needed for the job. In other words, gay. Cot Camp is long been allied with Chris stepping up early in honor as a supporter. Earlier this year, Cot Camp Pendolated Chris more conservative challenge your state chief of financial officer Tom Galler asking him to withdraw from the race for the good of the party. Galler who trail badly in the polls did not withdraw and was heavily defeated last week by Chris. Cot Camp is also associated with Cape Coral Development a developer Greg Eagle who helped fund a third party election hearing groups that backed Chris. Cot Camp's only apparent minus for hardcore conservatives. He's a trial lawyer during the spring lawmakers session. He stood up to the business lobby which showed up at a committee meeting with a videographer to record clips a lot of makers that later could have been used on the campaign trail against any member who spoke out against lawsuit limitations which ultimately passed the legislature. Cot Camp spoke out anyway. How do you like that? He's got a big peer. He may not be a big peer. He may not be a big peer. Cot Camp hails from a critical Republican area of the state he was elected in 2007 which includes Lee and Charlotte counties. That's where the bees lays out over there. There was three huggers and with similar league County Bar Association prior to that. Cot Camp had a life changing experience in 2004 when he underwent heart surgery and early survived a massive infection he contacted in the hospital. As he struggled with Lee with Hurricane Charlie blew outside and his wife struggled with difficult pregnancy. He found some tough times man. How does tough is the animal smithom? No, brutal. I don't have any, well there is no update. No. It might have been something or not. Well what do you mean by that? Now there might have been some drugs. He died from something or not. He died in a chair. He was visiting mommy and she just framed fourth of that baby girl on Saturday and he was visiting your own family or when her wife or Monday and he's sitting in the chair in the room and they were playing with the baby and patching around and he died. 20 years old. And I don't care what you say before he or grew all his smooths on his face and became kind of a slime ball. He did look pretty good. Maybe God was punishing him for that beard and I don't want to be in sensitive that's bad. If he would have been ugly I wouldn't care about the threat. No, no seriously. We really look much face and I mean you know people are so full of crap. Don't we root for good looking people? I don't know why because most of us are weird in sin anyway. But you just have a tendency to root for good looking people. Ugly people. You know we don't care right? Right. That's that's bad. But it's very bad. That's very superficial man. But that's bad. That is right. That is us. That's the human nature. It's just the way we are. Most of you would lie about it. You know. So I'd like like a member of Colle I had a few months ago. It's a very amusing. You'll remember the guy called said you ever bet on jockies or drivers because of the way they looked because they were good looking. I mean yeah. And I said of course not. I favorite hardest driver all the time was like a 72 year old man in France is so clear. I mean it's one thing to root for somebody because they look good. You know if you don't have a bedding interest. But if you're bedding you're going to bed well unless you're in total of you. You know. So I just like if you're watching women's tennis thing you know who you're going to root for Maria Sharapova or I don't know. I don't know who any of them are. But you see what I'm saying. Yeah. They're there you go. That'll die. They're going to root for her. So I can Andy Rodik is playing somebody. I don't care about tennis. I couldn't give a crap. Plus I wrote. Even though he got his ass kicked by that ugly federal guy. That's a yell. He's ugly. Roger Federer. Am I going to root for him? Of course not. Anybody bet on tennis. I bet to any cave bets on tennis. You think? They got to. They are. That crowd. Maybe even Hank puts bets on on tennis. Somebody ought to ask him the staff. No, no. I bet on tennis. I mean that's really sick. Cave real range. The British producer director creator of death of a president. The official documentary that side unseen became one of the most talked about movies that they Toronto film festival. And so the US distribution rights to new market films which handled Mel Gibson's equally provocative movie, the passion of the Christ. Oh my God. That's Mel Gibson. New market which reportedly played a million dollars for the film as expected to give president a wide release with the next few months. It'll air on Britain's Channel 4 next month. Wow. What do you think? Want to go to a while? But I across the pond and watch it on Britain's Channel 4. Croaky. Keep the thing raise away. Ranges film opened a Sunday night to a cellar festival crowd which sadly spectrally threw it in a plot and briefly at the end. Those who remained after the screening peppered to film maker with questions on how he achieved the special effects. The film is shot as if we're a conventional TV documentary, even though the events are fictional. Well that sounds like that thing that ABC passed off for four hours. Range was also corroded to film uses footage taken of bush during free visits to Chicago to create the scenes that lead up to the president being shot. He also uses special digital effects to superimpose the head of the president on that of an actor pretending to be shot and creates the flowery unogy delivered by the president, Vic Chanley at the funeral of his predecessor. The movie opens with demonstrations against Bush's he visits Chicago in 2007 as he leaves the hotel after delivering a speech he is shot by a sniper in nearby building. A police on leads to the arrest of a Palestinian man on flimsy evidence. It'll like Sir Hans Sir Hans. Whoop. Later the man is convicted of the assassination in Captain prison, even as evidence forged another person as having committed to crime. The reaction of the general public was very good, rain, said the interview with Rodis about the opening at response. People didn't know what to expect. Our film has a very striking premise but it's not sensational or gratuitous. How people will see this a balanced film and compelling drama. It's an oblique look at the way the U.S. has changed since 9.11. We used the lens of the future to explain the past. The 93 minute film subject matters like the protest in the U.S. especially from conservatives. Rain City's received five or six death threats. That's those good conservatives, man. Those are good abortion doctor killers. But he said that because there was a rush to judgment about his film without people even knowing what was in it, we portrayed the horror of assassination. I don't think anybody would get the idea of assassinating Bush from this film. And of course we have no comments. Anyway, how many votes we got on the U.S. poll? Let's see. We've got moving right along. 11.06. What person sums up what America has become? The Parisult and leaving Bush ain't going to catch her ass and who they would want to. She is a scanthying no talent rich bitch who is born with a golden spoon up her mouth and maybe up her back to her mother play. And she just had not just you know, and the paparazzi and the media and all these entertainment tonight, the inside edition and outside edition and current affair, recent affair and future affair, they're all obsessed with this bitch. And so therefore we're supposed to care about her. Okay? Yep. If she croaked right now, if she had like wild diarrhea on a sidewalk in LA somewhere, no matter what if she had another drunk in a, I don't care. Well, there's John Kerry. He looks really scared. Hey, with an al-Qaeda that is reconstituted itself in some 65 countries. But the faith has been red kindled by the unexpectedly strong comeback of the Taliban in the south. No, I can't imagine why that's happening. Must be our good friends, the packies are making all kinds of deals with them. Wait till you hear the story I got from was purr if I get time to get to it. Purr, for sure. He says the Taliban's a bigger threat than al-Qaeda. And I'm sure that he's got him in the do with that. Right. Oh. All your kids out there, the world is a bunch of crooks. Okay, our crooks are a good guy. The other guy is crooks out of bad guys. That's the way it is. Okay. So, the first one is transync leaves crooks, gangsters, grave robbers. And just like Dick Cheneyman, they can never get enough. They can never get enough blood out of the public. You know, I mean, you're going to be a ripoff artist. You're going to scan the public with all the halibut and cash. I guess he's probably committed to raising him about 20, 30 billion. You know, so he still got some more work to do before his ticker gives out. We don't want to suggest that. The feasting, the best talent for the feast is for your rockers. What's going on? I'm so proud of you, A. Perfect. I'm not an idiot. I'm not an idiot. I'm so cocky. I'm not an idiot. Oh, a genius. He's the genius. I'm a genius. He's going to like me. Who gives you a debate in the scrub figure. And he wears a brown jacket. That looks like he bought it up. And then we're public off the dish count. Rock. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. I'm running a jack. Oh, right. And he loves our rack, maybe. He loves his buddy, Maliki. Love him. 119 votes. I think we ought to go for 13 today. Don't you think we ought to shoot? We're going to do it. We're going to do it. How much is 13 votes? More in doubt, right? But this is kind of long to them. More in, but it's very good. And she even quotes us some Shakespeare in here too. Why hope that I read this very well? Okay? She's intimidating to me because she uses a lot of big words. She says I called Tim Rushed to ask if Dick Tandy had watched his hands after the interview on Sunday. No, he replied soundly confused. Any sort of scrubbing I wondered and accepted the wife, Purell, quick shower on a way up? No Tim assured me, the vice president did not stop at the basement shower than we see. We even graph out the men's room you passed on the right as he had out to the parking lot. According to the Times Health Section yesterday, Lady McBeth and Pontius Pilate were not alone in wanting that damn spot out. People who watched their hands after contemplating an unethical act were less troubled by their thoughts than those who did not have been in the carry road about a new study on the McBeth effect. Published in the journal science, how do you like that? First, what did the girl find Bruce Washington's hands a lot these days? I heard that he's watching his hands at him. Anyway, Marie goes on to say, in one of several experiments among Northwestern undergrange, which the researchers had one group of students recall an unethical act from their past, like betraying a friend, another group reflect on an ethical deed like returning lost money to Article 7. After where the students had their choice of a gift, either a pencil or an antiseptic wife. Those who would reflect on a shameful act were twice as likely as the others to take the wife. If they change, he didn't try to hose himself down after his outlandish performance on meet the press. He may be so deep in denial, he doesn't even know he's ruining America and needs a symbolic moral super wash. Since WWE revealed he's been reading Shakespeare, including McBeth, I've been puzzling over which character the vice president most resembles. I go. Are they a part of it? Oh, he's got a bond. I want to pronounce it right. I don't know, McBeth, and I read McBeth of course not. He's got his much more straightforward over the protagonist as I go, but I go, hated or fellow. And we didn't. I read merchant of Venice. The Lord, I remember that Charlotte Holmes wrote me a Julia? No, I saw the movie though with a what's his name. Oh, what did you have to bring that up? What's that was his name? Letter of white. And I had to remember that. You're not supposed to remember that. You're fairery. A little bit of the hussy. And a few others people that I can dare. And he's a hussy. You want to be a hussy? That's true. You did see your boob and letter writing. I think you saw his **** back home. Wow. Anyway, the Lord of the Underworld is more like Lady McBeth who persuades her part of the Underworld, meaning Cheney. Who persuades her part of the make a huge error in judgment by telling him about manliness. If he doesn't want to be on man, he must preemptively wield the dagger against his rival. She tells him when you do it, then you were a man. And then we more than what you were, you would be so much more to man. Even though blood will have blood, McBeth decides he must stay on his self destructive path. I am in blood stepped in so far that should I wait no more returning where his tedious has go or. You're following that? Go or. Mm-hmm. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. They sure talk funny. Then they still talk even funny you're now. WWE and Vice would on TV this way to double down on their dishonest case. Not contradicted by a mountain of evidence. Once more, milking our sorrow overnight, love and Augustified the Aaron Corson Iraq. The speech that Tony Snow promise would be reflective, the president used hyperventilated rhetoric about a struggle for civilization and cynically retraced the line he now knows his false, wants again linking Osama and Baghdad. If we yield Iraq to men like Bin Laden, our enemies will be emboldened, he said. Bin Laden has become the really horten of the midterms. After letting the CIA disbanded, he unavoted the hunting for Osama, the Senate took a slap at the White House on Thursday when he voted to reinstate it. Mr. Bush now won't stop talking about the bookie man he ignored for five years while he transferred all his resources to Iraq. The safety of America depends on the outcome of the battle in the streets of Baghdad he said. Instead of going after Osama we invaded Iraq, now W.S. you must stay in Iraq or it will be run by Osama's. We must kill all the terrorists we're creating. American soldiers must keep dying because American soldiers have died. If we criticize Mr. Bush, then we're on manning the whole country. The logic is divviously roevy and then we're trapped in circularity. I meet the press, Mr. Cheney warned that America cannot let its adversaries break our will and show we don't have the stomach for the fight. It was the right thing to do by since the city of the war in Iraq and if we had to do over again we do exactly the same thing. After all the miscalculations and bigons wasted projects screwed up lives in Limuslaw's foreign enemies made, Americans statues squandered, Taliban strength regain, North Korean bombs in Iran, Iraq alliances built, visiting the American hitting Holocaust and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmed Ahmad in the Jadies today, Prime Minister Nurey Kamala Malikia of Iraq called Iran a good friend and brother. Big Taney wouldn't do anything differently after all of this. Part of leadership has to be retooling saying, you know what this hasn't worked? This is making things worse. What else can we do? Break out the wet wipes, Mr. Cheney, time for a good scrubbing. Says your close friend, Marine Dao. When in doubt scrub it out. Fetching. Fetching. Back to him. Yeah, that too. Couldn't hurt. Wow. Sorry about that, the Shakespearean stuff that I, you know, we're not going to pretend to know about that crap. I'm guessing that of a pseudo intellectual. I thought they made us not all read that stuff in school. They made us read Big Math and wrote them easy. They made us read the mercy of the Venice. And wanted to read the Middle Venus. They didn't make you read Hamlet. No. You must have been the same thing. They didn't have a couple of omelets. How's Hamlet doing by the way? How's toast, Todd? By the way, did we get our menu back from him? Josh? It's we did. Okay, good. I told you to give it back to Josh and he goes over to give it to Clare. That's Clare. Oh, don't give nothing to Clare. I just got to do it with us. Okay, because he is the enemy. We have met the enemy and he is him. He is him. I think our lesson couple of those is off that. He is. Anyway, I got a really good. So boy, now if you didn't see, uh, always the show, it wasn't, uh, loose change. It was the show about loose change. And they have one of the kids that, uh, created that movie loose change. And then they also had the, just jackass from popular mechanics. Now see, with me, if you just said popular mechanics is spending a lot of time debunking the 9-11 theories. Yeah. Not a said. Oh, yeah, exactly. What's that all about? When you said that? That's what I did say. When you told the girls, popular mechanics. Well, I think I'll say that for a second. And then we got the Vixie Tix said, bushes are done. If, uh, I did. And your buddy, Mushir, of Taliban, bigger threats in Al Qaeda. Just, I got all kinds of crap here, man. I got scrap off the, uh, nose. Oh, here's a good, there's a quirky before the break. Good story. A former city official in Dallas is under investigation. And FBI corruption probes were arrested for public intoxication. After claiming he was robbed by naked and scatily clad attack, he's at a male strip club, a 30 set. Police arrested the Angelou Lee early Sunday outside club, and the newbie in fantasies that spills CI easy fantasies, a dance club that becomes an all-new male review after midnight. After midnight, who did that? After midnight. There are clotted. Oh, yeah, I keep for you. I keep looking after that sheet. I got a written down on it. But the sheet keeps flying out the window. Police said he told me it was attacked by three men. One naked another one. And only in a towel. Oh, boy, probably covering up his bow. Lee told police an Instagram out of it. The club broke his glasses and stole his wallet. The leader found a wallet. And that was empty. Club employees told police they removed Lee. He said he was picking up women because he was causing an disturbance. Lee, leader called the incident just stupid, just really frivolous. And city was only trying to get his wallet back. Lee resigned from the city plan commission last year. After being targeted in the FBI's corruption investigation in the Dallas city hall, he's been accused of voting on zoning cases where he was a pay consultant and now reporting gifts. And a bunch of others. All in all the things. I like that. It was at a male strip club. And there was a new guy there too. Are you shocked by that? No. Well, there's Harry Reid man. Is he exciting or what? Is it the target? The president's part. He's the guy named. Or one of these out of the street. But are this Tony guy? What is his name? This like dark and plumped of guy? Whatever. On CNN. He just. He gives me the goosebumps. He's so bad. And the broker president. Or you leave the work. Talk about Zeus bomb. To chart a new course in a round. He represented Democratic Party man. Judging by his name. To the nation. He's a guy of voice. He's a guy of voice. He's an interested in working with us. Incredibly. President Bush is still determined to stay the course. Even if the course is making mayor to less safe and or act of course less stable. Absolutely. House democratic leader Nancy. But in this guy. What is his name? Tony. I don't know. Michael Clark Duncan. Oh. He's got all these wise ass comics. He's like. What's your name? Kira Phil. And they all got these real cutesy comics. He tries to be a real clown. He's a jerk. Not like well, but boy, do we ever hate CNN? What? Except the course for a couple of people. Who do we like? I'm taking some candy. Okay. Who else is on there? We like anybody? We take good. Blue dogs. All right. Well, you like him. Yeah. Because you're in the legal area. I think. I think. I got a new screen man. He would. He would. He doesn't care. He don't like your last name. He's so depressed. He's the best. He's so depressed. We're your rock truss. The course video 560. You okay? M. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. What? What? What. What you trying to calm down? And if you want to start, you can give me an answer. So, you can, kind of, I just have to explain you I want to over Smithsonian Wall Street. What's gonna happen? I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man, I am a poor man That's all, like some of those great Cuban artists from the do-off shop. You remember them? Oh yeah. How did Mickey and Sylvie work with A for him? Love his strange? I don't know with that one. Get some strange. Anyway, Kim's sangupta. I wonder if he's candid Dr. Sanjay Gupta, or maybe Anderson Pupta. At any rate he writes in the end of the new page. Oh, Mickey and Sylvie, you know that was number one before Kim, and that was the record. The less of the record than Kail the Scanner was with Peter's ship to the court and had a kid in the third row. On WMG, I'm 1050 in New York. And he went to jail, and somebody had a guy's that away like, stop free. I stopped, we didn't stop you. I can still nail him, baby. And the songs, yeah, for I heard. Soldiers reveal horror of Afghan campaign. Oh, no, not at the end of the pendant must be somewhere that leftling crop organ. Soldiers deployed in Helman Province five years on from the Westside invasion, and six months after the plume of large British force, have pulled the indecided that the sheer ferocity of the fighting in the sangue and valley, and privations faced by the troops are far worse than is generally known. In the great that we're getting all these good reports, other good things that are happening? Yeah, it's great. We are flattening places we've already flattened, but the attacks keep coming. We have killed them by the dozens, but more keep coming. Either locally or across from across the border one said, we've used B1 bombers, carriers, F-16, and we'reized 2000s. We've dropped 500 times, a thousand pounds, even 2000 pounds bombs, and one point are a patches, ran out of missiles and they've fired so many. Almost any government on the ground gets ambushed, we need an any movement on the ground gets ambushed, we need an entire battle group to move things. If they will not give us the helicopter to do the asking for it. We've also got problems with the Afghan forces. The army on the whole is pretty good all of them, not often paid properly, kind of like a QAM. But many of the police will not fight to tell them anything because they're so scared, or their sympathizers with them. I wonder if the crow went over there and is with Biden with them. I sure hope he gets paid this time. British officers in Hellman acknowledged that the next few months will be crucial in this conflict with the insist, can still be one of the initial thousand extra fighting troops. Last week, General James Jones, I wonder if he's kind of the wood-buying Jackie John O'Jones. The NATO military achieved called for 2500 extra troops, armor and helicopters from member states, but at the Warsaw summit, early underway, the country's significant forces, Germany, France, Italy and Turkey, say they'll have their hands full, with us being these peacekeeping duties and have no troops to spare. The anxiety has been deep in the position of the Pakistani military to do a deal with the militants and withdraw from some of the border areas. Oh, that's got to be propaganda, isn't it? The government of President Pervert, Moushara said the Taliban had promised and returned, not to continue to cross into Afghanistan, amount of text, a declaration that a senior Bush officer, British officer described as advisable. What the hell was that mean? Look it up. Look it up. RISI BLE, we did this once before, you know? See, when you read the independent like Marine Dow, don't tell me that two stories in a row are, I can't read the damn words. I'm going to start taking some calls. British forces in Hellman had not originally planned to go into Sangeen, but with a provincial governor, Mahmoud Daoud, I'm sure he's kin to Dan Daoud, he used to play for the Maple Leafs. A appeal for help from President Hamid Parzai to counter-requising Taliban activity, the US commander in the country has British troops to move in. The result has been that overstretched forces have come under constant attack. Lieutenant General Richards who says British forces have been involved in some of the fiercest fighting since Korea has not decided to withdraw from outlying positions, which will be taken over by the Afghan forces. It's a decision that some of question, an officer was served in Hellman and said, we'll have to ask him, we rely on him, especially the police. Did you look up RISI BLE, capable of laughing, disposed to laugh? Lathable. Yeah, the words. He continued, we didn't expect the ferocity of the engagements. We've also expected the Taliban to carry out hidden run raids. Instead, we've often been fighting TOTED TOE and thus close quarters combat. It's been exhausting. Our member only had to extract a Danish group, which was giving attack on all sides. It was bedlam. We have greater firepower, so we tend to win, but of course, they can take their losses while our casualties will have very bloody to concern back home. You also have to think that each time we kill one, how many more enemies were creating. And of course, the lack of security means hardly any reconstruction is taking place now, so we're not exactly winning hearts in mind. This is Afghanistan, by the way, just to remind them of Iraq. This is Afghanistan, where we were told, oh, we've done a hell of a job there. Heck of a job, Ronnie, how? The flagged red coffins carrying the bodies of 14 for the servicemen killed in the reconnaissance plane crash in Afghanistan, returned on the yesterday to a somber reception in Scotland. A ceremony for the victims of last week's Nimrod crash Britain's worst single lost during its current deployment was held at RAF Kimloss in Moray. Well, I hope that that was named after Moray E. You think? Who? Steve Voltsesnick would be really upset about it. Erwin. Kalky. Air Force chiefs in the Duke of Edinburgh join the families of the Airmen for the repatriation at which Des Brown, the defense secretary described the 14 is outstanding brave dedicated, and, of course, the one thing you left out dead, very, very dead as this lunacy goes on. $300 million, they'd be paid away in Iraq man. If they could have finished that off in Afghanistan, they could have had Al Qaeda and the whole group man, Osama Yamama, they could have had multiple Omar. The fact that the Taliban have reconstituted in our back bigger and better than ever, and just out of control. And the media is not having an arrest right down about this. The media. The media, you think about it. And he's now badly. I don't know. Lou Dahn, she's the busy with the people named Rodriguez. This is probably not Charlie. There were no Charlie. So he knows. He's your people. No, he doesn't. Yeah, he's illegal. No, he hates anybody. So you're doing the same thing that those illegal advocates are doing. And he's already alive. And as he, if you're doing that, they talk about the issue. I'm talking about Hammer. I'm talking about him. He said he loves fix. Is everybody said? That's a quote. No, he said he watched with spik and spank. Oh, he said. No, he's a washed with spik and he eats spank. I think is what Lou Dahn said. Probably. I guarantee he looks like he's eating plenty of spandamy. Big, big. Is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, is he, he's like a white, yeah, that's how big he is. 1167, maybe you think we're going to make that 13. And I have my doubts. And I think we set the bar a little bit too high. Come to you. Yeah, maybe. We set that bar a little bit too high. So pull up a chair. Set up as high as you can. The biggest name. So the best talent. Now in هذا gr walls. Hmm. Okay, okay. I shot that knife. I shot that knife. I shot that knife. That's my very last court. So from the first time that I heard that once I just loved it, of course. To keep trying to think of what that host, the original song that that's a parody from, did you figure it out? Yes, I think last night by the mark he's no, when I was you I don't know we're gonna party now Maybe I do that. What a memory of me. I'm the label. We're twisted here. Are you really? It's twisted. No, what do you think though? No, I know what it is. All right. Also the guy named Tony Harris is that kind of medium-moker guy there on CNN who thinks he's a real hot shot. He's like all of those people. He thinks he's a journalist, you know, and keeps interjecting me stupid as comments. Just read the teleprompter, okay, Tony and cut the crap. I mean, you know, if he just would be a news reader, he'd be great. He's a, you know, he's our particular. He's fine, but he's got to keep opening up a stupid mouth. But that's terrible. I was thinking of opening a stupid mouth. There's Hugo Chavez. He already tells me. You know, he says that Bush did 9.11 is what he said. That is surprised. I'm surprised. Oh, speaking of that, what a good segue. I can't believe you actually have it. So in other words, I must have that on my iPod. Yes, he did. Is that part of the collection? That's right. Great. The Bunking, popular mechanics 9.11 lies. Top of the mechanics has re-ended the media circus and attempt to continue its 9.11 debunking campaign that began in March of last year. A new book claims to expose the myths of 9.11 truth movement, yet it is popular and mechanics who have been exposed as promulgating falsehoods while engaging in nepotism, Shady research and aged driven politics. It comes as no surprise that poppin mechanic has owned by hers corporation, as fictionalized in horse and wealth of claimed film citizen can. William Randolph first wrote the book on Chronyism and Yellow Journalism, and popular mechanics has in book that tradition. That's a book with a B. The magazine is a cheerleader for these sophistication of advanced weaponry and new technology used by police and such areas as crowd control and anti-terror operation. A hefty chunk of its advertising revenue relies on the military defense contractors since the invasions of Afghanistan are rackin in the future Iran, all-site 9.11 is a pretext. Love motivation is the magazine have to conduct a balanced investigation and rest of setting its most coveted clientele. Topied by mechanics March 2005, front cover story was entitled, The Bucking 9.11 Lies, and since become the bell by the reference point for all proponents of the official 9.11 Ferry Tale. Following the publication of the article and its exaltation by the mainstream media as the final nail on the coffin for 9.11 conspiracy theories, it was revealed that senior researcher on the piece Benjamin Choudoff is the cousin of Michael Choudoff, Secretary of Department of Homeland Security. This means that Benjamin Choudoff was hired to write an article that would receive nationwide attention about the veracity of the government's explanation of an event that led directly to the creation of Homeland Security about it that is own cousin now heads. Huh, no conflict with interest there, you see one? This is unparalleled nepotism and completely dissolves the credibility of the article before one has even turned the first page. The arguments presented in the article have been widely the bunk by the 9.11 Truth community as an example of a straw man hatched job, whereby false arguments are erected attributed to 9.11 skeptics and ends shot down. One of the most varying errors in the pop in the mechanics hit piece appears in the intercepts not routine section, where it has claimed that in the decade before 9.11, no right intercepted only once of it in Planova North America, called for pain stewards, Lord Jet and October of 1999. As Jim Hoffman points out in his excellent rebuttal, this bold assertion flies in the face of a published report of scramble frequencies that quotes the same major Douglas Martin that is one of PM's side of experts. From September 11 to June, no right scramble jets had ever to combat air patrols, 462 times, almost seven times as often as the 67 scramble from September 2000 to 2001 Martin said. The article also makes no mention whatsoever the numerous war games scheduled for the morning of 9.11 which confused air defense personnel as to the two nature of the taxes that unfolded as is documented by the recent release of the NORAD tapes. You know, if I can interject here for just a second, assuming that a reading was only al Qaeda and the scramble of lunatics who were involved, where were they have gotten the information that they were going to be war games on that morning? Only from somebody in the government perhaps, who asked for a known about it? Or maybe some coming, Pinco, you know, some leftist. A section on the collapse of the World Trade Center fails to address firefighters, not even individuals reported numerous explosions before the tower's fell, squips if they'd recently ensueding out of the tower's bubble of the collapsed point, and the fact that the tower's fell only slightly slower than absolute freefall. The article was released before analysis conducted by BYU physics professors, Steven Jones, discovered traces of thermite in steel samples taken from the World Trade Center. Using advanced techniques we're finding out what's in these samples, we're finding iron sulfur potassium and manganese. These are characteristic of a variation of thermite which is used to come through steel very rapidly. It's called thermite, said Professor Jones. The article we grudges to take pancake and trust the Rizia fails to adopt the comments, a World Trade Center construction manager, Frank D. Martinez, who before night-loving state the buildings were designed to take multiple airline or impacts and off collapse. The article also completely fails to answer why pools of molten yellow metal were found underneath both towers and building seven subsequent into the collapses. The classic crimp implosion of building seven which was not hit by a plane is also over as the piece again tries to mislead its readers into believing that over engineers steel buildings collapsed from fire damage and event unprecedented in World History aside from three examples in one single day. Come any on his own interview from the for the magazine piece, Jones said initially he thought it was a fake interview or a crank call. Jones has given hundreds of TV and print interviews and thousands of radio interviews, but his experience with Benjamin Scherdoff was like no other. People from a school newspaper sound more credible in serious he said, like from the weekly reader. Jones had a call popping a mechanic's office and verify that Scherdoff actually worked for them and of course, if doing so, he was erroneously told by editor when chief James Meggs that the store was not going to be a hit piece and that it was simply intended with for the different theories surrounding 9-11. In addition, popping a mechanic's high-led nardicle at Jones had posted on his website about instantly a re-devices in the World Trade Center. Jones website features a cross-section of mainstream and alternative media articles, an article written by Jones himself is clearly labeled as such. The magazine had contacted the individuals featured in the article which told them they had not ever spoken to Jones, the article was clearly attributed to its original author Randy LaVello and not Alex Jones. When Jones asked popping a mechanic said that we're going to contact the individuals again and ask if they had spoken with the original author, they'd rubbed the subject. As part of a PR campaign, the cell has newly packaged crap. They booked the Bunking 9-11 lies. Poppin and mechanic's James Meggs appeared on the Eorale factor. Meggs and Eorale need to be reminded that constantly purring the word fact without presenting any actual evidence does not make something a fact. Meggs covered it himself completely in claiming that no one has ever seen a hundred plus to read building collapse of the ground before and he had less than two minutes later agrees with Eorale's comment than nothing unexpected about the impact of the planes or the collapse of the surprise analysts. Meggs confirmed that it's an unprecedented effect in the claims that analysts knew exactly what was going to happen. How could they have known the incidents of an event that had never happened before? Meggs calls that WTC implosion the most closely studied collapse in World History. It fails to address the fact that 50,000 tons of steel from the World Trade Center, a supposed crime scene, was shipped to Asia and a further hundred-10,000 tons to India preventing any detailed analysis. Meggs setting opinions of engineers bizarrely states that the real surprise that the building stood up as long as it did. In February 2005, the Windsor Building in Madrid burned for over 24 hours as shooting claims in Gulf almost the entire structure and yet the building did not collapse. The core of the World Trade Center was exponentially much more robust than the Windsor building, so we have one building that burned in session for over 24 hours and did not fall at all compared to two buildings which were structurally far superior burned briefly from limited fires and yet both collapsed with the leverage time of 79 minutes and Meggs claims they should have collapsed sooner. Most friends that popular mechanics investigation is not political in it. The forward of their book is written by none of them, GOP Darling Senator John McCain. Huh, you know, the one with the Puffy Teeke. Oh yeah, I've got to take that phone call. That's the one from the vice president. In the forward McCain rehashes and I've harned him out of neocon dept with this. They rely so f*** of that word. Schmidt, they rely solely on 9-11 having happened exactly as the government claims it did. We liberated Afghanistan from the murderous rule of the Taliban, our attackers, a proud host, we chased out of Qatar around the globe, Barth McCain. Afghanistan is now a failed narco state run by travel warlords and ex-taliban kingfins. nowhere outside of Kabul is secure. Malph on nutrition among children is the highest in the world outside Africa and open productions at record levels. Fellow co-stabings about chasing out Qatar around the globe are somewhat contradicted but the fact that I've tried to irraculings for a proven to be fraudulent and outgoing CIA director, Busy Crongar told a London Times that been ladden should stay free. Coupled this with president forces view on good ladden. I'm not sure that's concerned about him and the king's rhetoric falls flat on its face. McKin also uses the callous tactic of saying that questioning the government's version of the 11th and south of the victims and this is also paraded in the poverty mechanics magazine piece. Bill Doyle represented the largest group of 9-11 family members says on the subject. If you want to believe what they want to know you wonder on the 9-11 commission, that's the total fallacy says Doyle. It looks like there was conspiracy behind 9-11 if you really look at the facts. A lot of families now feel the same way he said. Doyle said that half the family members, brothers of 9-11 victims, he represents thought that the US government was complicit in 9-11. Despite the efforts of popping a mechanics to whitewash government complicity in island by a front page feature story and a new book, recent polls clearly show an increasing trend toward rejection of the official version of results of events. If we're at a set aside the 30% of Americans that don't even know the year, which September 11th happened, then we're left with figures of around 36% who agree that the government was involved in the attack and only 34% of Americans who actually knew in which year the attack took place. That's still thing it was carried out solely by a rag tag group of 19 incompetent morons who couldn't fly sessness at the behest of a man out of kidney dialysis machine. Popular mechanics are sure to make a tiny sum of money from their latest publication, but their credibility is certain the dwindle and the fact that they're willingly acting as collaborators by aiming the cover up of a crime that resulted in the death of nearly 3,000 Americans in 9-11 and untold more to come as a result of how the attack changed US foreign policy. How do you like them apples huh? It was just a coincidence that there was building it including a tower 7 you know. Maybe it was like an active sympathy. It saw the other towers fall down. No, the best talent for this is real Roger's 4-SW, 560, you ain't him! Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon! K-O-T-L was a boy in prison drinking. And she lost her life and looked at how she drank. I never thought she'd cheat girls' tail. Never suspect it she did get it. She's got seven levels of fat left. You're fairie. You're fairie. You're fairie. What is that fat John Murphy? To talk to the people that he represents the young troops who were out in the field day after day. And 120 degrees, carrying 70 pounds on her back and telling them we don't have a crystal ball. They want answers. They want to know. And of course the reason is we don't have enough troops so they have to be deployed over North. And to say that because her volunteers shows a complete intensity to the situation that these families go through. And I go to the hospitals all the time. The thing that I worry about the most is the fact that the troops, not only or emissions, they don't understand and meant many cases, but also the future of the military. And I'm introducing resolution today asking for resignation of Secretary Don Mumpfield, not only for his past mistakes. He said, or weapons of mass destruction, we know where they are. He said, this world won't last six weeks, maybe six months. He said cost $50 billion. We sent troops into battle without the appropriate armored vest. I was the one that found the armored vest short, just when I went to Iraq. So not only for his past mistakes, but for the future of the military. And that's the thing that I've worried about the most since I've spoken out is the readiness. We can talk about Iran and Iraq. And we can talk about North Korea, but if you don't have a strategic reserve, which we don't have now, and those troops, when they're being trained, they don't have the equipment to train on, so they shift equipment all over the place. And then they go into a field where they get the equipment, but they aren't trained on the exact equipment they've used. Now go back to General Schumacher's comments. One of the problems we had in that operation was that those helicopters are in flu. The pilots were not familiar with them. All right, they're listening to you. I see they got a kind of off-and-mits stream, and this is probably a day's error. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Now it's on troop readiness. What? He's saying he's up with us. He's interrupting. He's right up there, they're kind of chopping them off in midstream. John Murphy, by the way, he wasn't an old fart. We ought to have him for president, you know? They would, they're already trying to switch her his ass, you know, we're doing that. That routine. See, only way Carl Rolf knows how to do it, baby. We got 1200 plus goals. We could get that 1300 if you really leaned on a drive. Are you leaning on it? Yes, I am. Well, I'm sure you got the menu back from your morning guys from toast and for Tata. Oh, all hostage situation at a bank in a shot, sauce your cargo suburb. Turn out to a holiday, so Pierce. And when we got 1210 votes on there, and what person sums up what America is today? Perisult in 403, George Bors 322, T-O, Terrell, O and Zady, Terrell. I'm going back to Terrell, you know, he can calm himself whatever he wants. Like, A-hol, I'll go with that. Kenny Kurt 79, I hate this full 72. Well, shame on you. Donald Trump 60, Pat Robertson 50, Tom Cruise 42, Pete Ditty 31, Jerry Falwell's guy. About 30 minutes. We need cross B23, cause B cross B, whatever, whatever. And how that bitch's name is, what is it name? Throw me in a minute. What are the things that were poured out there that maybe he was dealing with suppression? Yeah, I'm depressed as hearing that sound again. I said every time and he's only got a team track. We just got the edge on the track, Mister. So that's where we are now. We got 1210, we need 90 in 53 minutes. That's not even two minutes. Well, if we can't do that, man, we're done. Not as done as they are across the street, but we're done. So what rumors we heard about them lately, Josh? You know, I'm not sure that it was that transit start all of that. Do you think? Yeah, must have been. Well, who else would be talking to our people, huh? Joe Rose. Stu Goss. Boop. Right, but other than that, police are interested in that. In other words, everybody, right. Yeah, you got a lot of loose lips over there. Loose lips, sing, shift, Joel and Danny, whoever else went on the operation. What if you guys suck, man? And your dolphin broadcast, I wouldn't wish those on Heinrich Kimber. God, I wouldn't wish those on William Crystal. You know, William Crystal, he may, he may shine. Rick Kimber looks like a good human man. That's what a Nazi he is. That's what a bastard he is. That's a Nazi with a small end. Maybe with a big end. Police are investigating after man wrote about launching a Feline G. Hodder would have sent a new suburb of Strayed Cance. Ready for that? Okay. I think that's what I might be willing to join in on. Max Gurskin wrote a two-part series in the chat. Newt the false weekly publication. The first of which was published August 9th and called Madder Max, the cat lady in my new dog. The second installment was published Wednesday and called Feline G. Hodder, the cat lady part two. And his commentary, Gryskins, says the Strayed's fed by a neighbouring cat neighborhood cat lady, have brought a field and disease to his home. And look what he means to say that he officials have been able to stop it. As a result, he wrote, I've officially become a trapper, and it's time to take a walk to the river. Right. A neighbour Jean Watson, she feeds about ten local Strays in his cat lady in the articles. She said, Gryskins said, traps in his yard and posted signs of neighbouring. And the neighbourhood looting to dead cats. Watson also said, some of the Strayed she normally sees it. He's gone missing in recent weeks. Oh, I can't imagine where they are. Can you? She believes that he's more than doing the conflict with Watson about setting off fireworks. His setting them off than the cats. Yeah, she don't like his fireworks. This is just as much about me as it is about them. She said, he's mad at me and he's taken out of the cats. Yes, can't really respond to requests for a comment, but he posted an online response Sunday at chatnugapulse.com. He wrote that he's not been trying to kill a cat. Some was using him in society. Perhaps they'll get them safe homes. You know, like a rat trip. Is that what you'd like when you have a mouse trap? Yeah. Try to catch them so you can give a safe home somewhere. It's going to garbage. But human education, the Society of Tent no good director, God Bay, you said Monday, there's no record a Gryskins in the organization's traps. You said he'd plan to meet with Gryskins discuss the issue further. We can't pass judgment on a written article. He said, this could be just somebody bragging. We don't know. Red Bank Tennessee police said that they're investigating the situation. Looking for some dead kitty cat. Hmm. All your kids out there do not stick the family cat into microwave. And do not put it on so cook for like four or five minutes. Some. What? Right. It's a bad idea. I'm going to do that. It's a criminal act. Don't do it. Well, 120 votes on a pool. We got 80 to go in 50 minutes. Boy, this is going to be 10. You'll be pleased. And I got my shirt on. My pants on. Not my shoes yet. But that will be during the break. That exciting medium. Well, that means I'm heading out to see my lady friends. That's right. But out on the turn. Man. See you got that guy all with them. Tell us more. Tell us. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? Yeah. I think I spat in the garbage. It sounds like switchful thinking to me. Why is it not possible to have a lady friend with a court like some that just. No, I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about the idiots that you stood up and pull out all these psychosis you Fulmented. Oh, gee. Maybe Neil really isn't. Okay. After all. Sorry. Guess what? Surprise. Robert Brianing was ready to cram down the hot dogs. Or speaking of that. He kept. Well, so good. If he kept his stomach empty for nearly two days in preparation for the competitive hotdog eating contest at the Kansas State Fair in Hutchinson Kansas, all man sounds like you're kind of pounds, George. But it took just nine francs until Brenning suffered what veterans of the competitive eating shirt we call a we've a reversal of fortune. Monday afternoon. Oh, boy. You know what that means? No. Oh, well, we don't make any sounds. And when his team of five national guardsman finally won Nathan's hotdog eating contest jumping down some 46 hotdog. Oh, well, Brenning was a little too nauseous to take birth in his celebration. It probably would be a long, long, long time three longs until he feces him dogs again. The queasy contest and said, queasy and pull me. Teams of sheriff officers, media personalities, firefighters and grocery clerks all competing this year's hotdog eating contest, which due to a 20 competitors Monday afternoon. Some are looking for entertainment. Others didn't want to pay for lunch. But nobody actually believed it could be the world's best competitive leader. Takuro Kobayashi who lunch a line for 24, 853 and a half winters and buns in just 12 minutes. One frank every 13.45 seconds. Kansas vests Hutchinson radio personality lucky kid. When individual eating honors, when he chumped down 14. But that don't even come close to 53 and a half. Before the gulping began, MC Ryan Nurtz of the international Federation of competitive eating. But over the contest rules and gave competitors of pet talk rattling off a few championship eating records. The first thing he did was he was a man in 18 minutes. He said, expected his grown or how about 11 pounds of cheesecake in 9 minutes. 11 pounds of cheesecake. Well, to me, that's physical poetry said. There's author of eat this book. That's the name of his book. Eat this book. That's beauty and that's what he says. Yeah. More athletic than golf. Sure. To win the state's tasty title, eaters had just 12 minutes to eat as many hotdogs as they could. Nurtz told the eaters they could use any strategy to get them down. But if the dogs came back up before 12 minutes of contestant, a physicist, qualified. On, no, if they came back up. Of course. What do you mean? Of course. There's plenty of places where they could wind up. That's true. All 20 competitors met those candidates. But burning wasn't the only one who felt prayed to add dead. I digested this order once the contest was over. In other words, I think what they tried is. He said, yeah. For a spectator, Pat Goltley, that was part of the fun. I just like watching people make fools in themselves by eating goatly. We said, one of hundreds of fans cheering on the Ferris contestants. Obviously, there's lots of exciting things. Going on in Hutchinson, Kansas. The biggest name. So this rock solid is this real rocker's 420560. Okay, don't panic. This thing starts with your well as you know. The level is like trial. There you go. What's your life? It's a terror is warning. Nothing. Ah. As you try on to run my life. Be careful. And how it says, what all the food now can be sure when a night's strike. I'm gonna yell with nervous freks because of all of the stress. From stress we better watch out. He used to wear a beard in the air. It's a terrorist warning. Oh, man. The level is so pretty. And I'm saying, this ain't not even fun when they're not so pretty. Pretzel, you gotta think they're a whole steak if you me strobe. I think that's really not a rich game. Live my life. Enjoy the ride. Live my life. I can't get back. Terrorists make me think. On 19 at 560WQA and we have caught her in Korea and hosts on a pool. We need 62 to get to 1,300W. There's nothing wrong with 13. That's not a bad number. No. 62 votes in 40 minutes. That's like one and a half a minute. Piece of cake. Straight away. I sent you such a score span, and I said we've got football season going dry. What number is? What's the name? The same. So it's so tongue-to-tack I can even say. Where do you quit? Where are you? No. Or where the game? There you go. Very good. How give them a ten? Now the facts that you sent me by the way, George. This is just so typical man. Again, giving instructions is to what I should do and what I should. What I should read, what I say. What? you can possibly be. Come on,ista? Can't stand the Bush administration in believe history will find them in the worst of our lifetime. However, when you Randy, or anyone else starts grabbing off these ridiculous articles, editorial theories about the government planning explosives, and the world trade centers, and we're planning the attacks. You sell everybody's crazy as the lunatics who try to defend George Bush. Get freaking real already. This isn't a die hard with Bruce Willis fighting the materials planning explosives in Hawries' office buildings. The article you just read stated this was the first time in history that buildings a collapsed due to fire. Well, how many times prior to 9.11 of Jet planes loaded with fuel, signed into 110-story buildings, answer none. I hate to break the news to you sweetheart, but it wasn't the impact that made the building fall down legively. It was the fire. That's what we're talking about. That's what they're comparing fire in the building. Smoke on the water and fire in the building. Anyway, says our government, F.D. We're early. We got hit hard. Then Bush exacerbated the situation with the assessment of the wreck, allowing us to solve it remain free. Then, he goes on to say which I'm so relieved to find this out because he says that therefore must make it true. In addition, which I didn't read the article because I'm selling the theory, have it always said that prison plan in Alex Jones are way off there on the fringes and conspiratorial line did have it always said that? I think you have. Yes, many, many times. But that doesn't mean that they're wrong. This is something for you to chew on. That's why I spent two hours of my life last night watching that great CBC documentary last night about 9.11, which was very fair and balanced and objective. It didn't have an agenda unlike the ABC piece of right-wing cramp. They took several shots that were so concerned about collateral damage and people that they lived in good way and that they screwed up. Then they really ripped into the bush and they laid it out there for it. Most of it narrated, but a lot of the news was Richard Clark. But nevertheless, what they would, you know, huh? They would really tragedy part of the end when they had they would have been 9.11 hearings. The 9.11 commission. He was there giving his testimony. There were a bunch of the families of victims in 9.11 and he was apologizing to them. It was a true year of guts out. The least he had the ball to apologize so we screwed up, you know. Anyway, but here's the answer, okay? There's not a chance in hell says this anonymous facts. Our government was behind the 9.11 attacks. Stop trying to give creed into these ridiculous theories and focus on your unrelenting and deservedly so attacks on the moron in the White House. Well, I'm going to do whatever to how I want to do, not because you say so, okay? I keep an open mind. That's why we put stuff on our website like Pentagon Strike. And like loose chains. And like all of these things. That's why we put them on this so people can watch them. And if you don't believe any of it, that's fine. You're entitled. But I'm going to tell you right now and I've said this many times before I wouldn't put anything past these bastards. Okay, past these neocons. I'm planning to do their crazy people. All of this bloodshed, all these people are dying based on a bunch of lies. And like Richard Clark said, man, the day after September 12th, 2001. And he's sitting there in a meeting and there's Bush and Rumsfeld and Cheney and Colen Powell all the top advisors. And they're sitting in a meeting and almost immediately, all Bush wanted to talk about was invading Iraq in the same with Rumsfeld. And Richard Clark said somebody must be joking. He said Iraq had nothing to do with this. And Rumsfeld served in charge of when this crap about, well, there's no good targets in Afghanistan. There's only a lot of good targets in Iraq. I mean, it's surreal like we did. And what is surreal is the fact that the media accepts it so passively and the teamwork and public these poll numbers come up. Well, 56 percent, how come it's not 99 percent of anybody with a brain? The media doesn't accept it. They're in on it. Well, they're a part of it. Right. They've been bought sold and paid for it. I've seen people responsible for these. Just like ABC. And we thought it was just Fox. Okay. I mean, I told you CNN has been trying out Fox Fox for a long time now by sucking up. Just like you're in that Israeli invasion of Lesbio on the US prodded promoted and financed. But ABC is right in there fighting too. And of course CBS, they've already been spanked. You know, they got a good tank out with the Janet Jackson finds. And I would then rather, you know, being sent out to pasture. So what we got left, we got NBC, the peacock. And of course, Democratic owns NBC. And guess we get to allow those big, big contracts in places like Iraq. Not to animal electric. Yeah. Oh, I will say this on the news last couple of nights. All of a sudden, they're like starting to go a little anti-anti-the fascist. You know what I'm saying? Amazing. Almost offers you a little bit of hope. But what is that lead? Maybe they're WB, huh? Maybe the WB is going to save America. What do you say? Maybe. It's a miracle. I love that name. Who writes for her, RS? The what it's? The Israeli newspaper, RS. Oh, I got my kind of tasterfion there between the A.Z. Our A.Z. A couple of articles from them over the vacation. Well, good for you. I'm sure you didn't have a job. Heck of a job, Brownie Hound. This summer. Didn't George do a great job. Let's hear it for George, huh? Oh. Oh, sorry. Funny. So how do you like that crap we had this morning? How did you know? I thought about it last night. I was sitting there watching this documentary. And I thought about what you said. And after all of these years, finally you're right. But what? I don't care. Oh, yeah. But good. So I've got over 30 years in this market. I've been on this station eight and a half almost nine years now. Got all the money. They don't lift a finger to do any well. They might lift a finger to us to our face. Yeah. But they don't lift a finger to anything positive for us. So just make sure the check is there a day or two early. Get it there on time. That's it. That's all I am. Don't care more than them. That is correct. If you don't have spots missing on the log. If you have other, well, whatever. That's your problem. Okay. That's your funeral. That's the beesleas are going to like Mr. Mealwood, too. But I doubt it. That's the ability to pay the bills. That is correct. So screw it. Know your right. Took all the little more. 10 years at least. Well, I mean, you can't care when you were for people who don't care. That's the problem. There you go. All they want like the sign in the wall. We've headed there for over eight years. Just give us the F and money. And that's exactly what this company is all about. And we've heard that this morning. Basically, if somebody's wanted to give us the money, we don't care what's going on. We'll say whatever to how they want. And then that's what it boils down to. Play and simple. Just give us the F and that's fine as long as we get our chunk of it. That's the thing about chunks right now. Blow and some chunks. 27 after one at five, 60, 72 and he had time for you to get a new mattress. If you're older one, just ain't cutting it no more. Because there's nothing worse than not getting a good monthly. It screws up your whole day the next day. Don't waste your time and money. Something around with those bidding and departments. You're ready to get ripped off even during their so-called big sales. Because dot-matrix gives you factory direct lowest prices all the time. Even lower than those so-called sales prices. And dot-matrix gives you that delivery deal that's unparalleled in the universe. They also offer you 12 month financing too. Call 1-800 mattress. You'll get the best prices, the lowest prices in the world on Silly and sort of. King Quill Simmons, temperabetic, Stewards and Foster, you it. Now, on a mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. Because this whole deal all the way around, you can't be the with the stick. 99.7% on time delivery rate. You put the date in time. You want a two hour window from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. any day, seven days a week. And they show up on time virtually every time. Like to a new to two, one to three, three, 45 to 545. And set up the even show up on the very same day that you call it. Like right now, you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. That is real service. So call down a mattress. I've been using for years and you ought to be doing the same. There's nothing like it. The easiest and smartest piece of shopping that anybody could do. Call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. Rebrought the last S. because it stands for sellout. The biggest name. So the best talent. This is wheel rotters for Shrineel 560-M. Not bloody bitches. Why we're making better than your own. We're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours. What we like about the best type of bookings and where the best. Why we're making better than yours. Why we're making better than yours? Why we're making better than yours. We've got no respect for women. Drive a cab to make better than mine. We've made better than yours. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. To pop out for us because we're trying to take in dogs. Why we're making better than yours. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really a good guy. I'm really an energetic person. I'm really pull and of course now they're you know they're giving the other parts of the pull and they start out they give you like the initial numbers you know okay oh 90% of Americans believe in God but then today they're like digging a little bit deeper and giving more of the findings well in the South 43 and a half percent believe in the over the years authoritarian authoritarian guy you know his last hot and his angry and pissed off and it's gonna be a lot of hurricanes and tornadoes hot and plagues and all the stuff and boils man how about Milton Boyle he was Jewish and anyway so you know it just goes to show you that all of this crap it's just they're just peddling a state of mind you know what kind of guy have you invented in your mind you know so all these people explain to me believe in God they they they're for a crap they don't know what they're talking about it's just it's just a term it's just a word and boy they done a good job peddling them and all of the gods all the time can you imagine how many thousand gods have been through it? right I meant a lot more than that sure 30 million god the hinges have an infinite amount of gods do they really have gods for things that we haven't discovered yet because they have they all got that's all I do mirror and rap import who writes for hara it's can I have like a little piece of Swiss cheese here oh I love that I love that I love that I love I'm a good part why is that musical accompaniment I know I'll tell you we're gonna say Swiss cheese it's crap which I know you're gonna be pissed off about slice one I have such a bug up your ass about cram we already talked about it they're evil why every I mean I'm saying that talk about them their cheese has transplanted and that's why I like to know this is the evil and they're coming to get you oh no maybe I shouldn't be good you may have liked a hot dog oh well what was that sound like an echo anyway this is from how are I should be eating and trying to read this stuff yeah I actually what I'm gonna do is reach over to shut that baby off I took some calls earlier was fine there was couple idiots but it was okay right right we're gonna like ease into it we don't want to overdo it idea of command there we fired more than a million cluster bombs in Lebanon right to mirror on rap import in hara it's what we did was insane in monstrous we covered entire towns in cluster bombs ahead of an idea rocket unit in Lebanon said regarding the use of cluster bombs and phosphorus shells during the war quoting his detaining commander the rocket unit head state that the idea fired about eighteen hundred cluster bombs continue over one point two million cluster bomblets in addition soldiers and idea far-turbary and it's testified that the army used phosphorus shells during the war widely forbidden by international law according to their claims the vast majority of set explosive ordinance was fired in the final ten days of the war remember how they came saying what we need more time we need another week we need another month we know the rocket unit commander stated that multiple launch rockets since we see a right about that craft I think it's making me leave a backup kill you go back the rocket unit commander stated that multiple launch rocket system platforms were heavily used in spread of the fact that they were known to be highly inaccurate MLRS is a track or tire carried mobile rocket launching platform capable of firing a very high volume mostly unguided munitions the basic rocket fired by the platform is unguided and in precise with a range of about thirty two kilometers about the eighteen miles the rocket's are designed to burst into sub munitions at a plant altitude in order to blanket enemy army and personnel on the ground with smaller explosive rounds uses us weaponry is controversial mainly due to its inaccuracy and ability to reap great havoc against indeterminate targets over larger areas of territory with a margin of error as much as 1200 meters from the intended target to the area hit the cluster rounds which don't fit in an impact the lead by the united nations to be around forty percent of those fired by the idea of a lot of them remain on the ground as un-sputed munitions effectively littering the landscape with thousands of land mines which will continue to claim victims long after the war is ended I wonder what princess Diana would think about that because of their high level of faded to detonate its believe that there are around five hundred thousand that sounds like a half a million unsplot of munitions on the ground in Lebanon five hundred thousand to date twelve Lebanese civilians have been killed by these mines since the end of the war a quarter of the commander in order to compensate for the inaccuracy of the rockets in the ability of strike individual targets precisely units would flood the battlefield with munitions accounting for the littered and explosive landscape of post-war lesbian on when is reserved to be came to a close the commander in question sent a letter to defense minister on your parents outlining use of clustering munitions a letter which is remained unanswered excessive injury and unnecessary suffering it is come to light that IDF soldiers fired phosphorus rounds in order to cause fires in Lebanon and artillery commander is admitted to seeing trust loaded with phosphorus rounds on their way to artillery crews in the north of Israel a directed from phosphorus relatively causes severe burns and a slow painful death international law for bids the use of weapons of cause excessive injury and unnecessary suffering and many experts are the opinion that phosphorus rounds fall directly in that category the international rate crosses determine that international law for bids the use of phosphorus and other types of flammable rounds against personnel both civilian and military in response the IDF spokesman's office said that international law does not include a sweeping prohibition of the use of cluster bombs the convention on conventional weapon read does not declare prohibition on phosphorus weapons rather on principles regulating the use of such weapons for understandable operational reasons the IDF does not respond to accounts of details of weaponry its possession the IDF makes you so many of methods in weaponry which are permissible under international law our till-day fire in general including MLRS firework used in response solely to firing on the state of Israel the defense minister's office said it hadn't received messages regarding cluster bomb fire right and your mama's postdocs and held to write nice of a one forty we got the man dog come up into a clock and we got the uh... i've said that our between four five is the truth that's a good good idea that i came up with some time ago the the the the the the the the the trucker the city pocket the reason why so try to broker i've tested ugh The night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, a night is over, the night is over, the night is over, the night is over, I said that, in an old girl's cell phone, the day does absolutely get upset, but it's so awkward, but it's very awkward, after days are over, not everything is in your memory. Granny, she was in the file. Well, Daella is near the he? Yeah, into and outside, she was immediately victims of crossing the two cases. made all the planes in the Orlando and that and they're all with dep of all kind of easel was here. Well, they don't have much else going on. 1278 votes and I'm not going to fall short. We got 13. This we need 22 votes. You people have not let us down because if we don't get to that 1300 deal, I ain't come back tomorrow or Friday or if I win the 20 coming in the lottery tonight. I sure is how he come back tomorrow Friday or any other time. 22 million in the lottery 90. What do you think? What? Good luck. You better say good luck. I take care of you guys. That's a couple of bucks for you to win. I'd say in Josh about 10 bucks for you under this thing already. Yeah, and that's all ready. And enough. Just give us a bag of money and enough. Very well said. Right. Speaking of that article, I just read about cluster bombs. I'm tempted to say something. I know. Not only for weapons such as high power microwave devices should be used on American citizens in crowd control situations before being used on the battlefield, the Air Force Secretary said yesterday. The object is basically public relations. The messages make it easy to avoid questions from others about possible safety considerations said Secretary Michael Win. He must be related to Edwin or Keenan Win because he sure got a great sense of humor. If we're not willing to use it here against our fellow citizens, then we should not be willing to use it in a wartime situation said Win. Because if I hit somebody with a non-legible weapon and they claimed that it entered them in a way that it was not intended, I think that I would be vilified the world press. The Air Force is paid for research into non-legible weapons that he said these services are likely to spend more money on developments until injury problems are reviewed by medical experts and resolved. In other words, if you do die, at least you're likely killed. Non-legible weapons generally can weaken people if they're hit with a beam. Some of the weapons can make short intense energy pulses and it can also be effective in disabling some electronic devices. Kind of like a stun gun or like sticking your ass in a microwave. You don't like that. Not exciting? It can be. Our microwave devices. Let's zap them, baby. When it does that, they're ass out. That's it. That's what I do it. Now what do we got? We're going to make the 13 because if we don't, I'm going to be 12 83. We need 17 in love minutes. What? So it's going to be tough. I thought when I refreshed that, maybe it would be like 1300 somewhere. Did you? I thought what we'd usually do it. Unless they have a band of this now. 12 84, they're coming in by the ones they're pouring in now. Maybe tell those conspiracy theories you're pedally. That could be it because I'm so anti-American. Anti is really. That might must be it. Montreal shooting for a student shot, including one of the shooter, Kishod himself. Dawson College in Montreal. Look at that. Look at he. Look at somebody's shot cookie. These live pictures is right now showing a number of people on that corner. How many frogs are Montreal? Okay. These pictures actually are of Montreal Canada. Carol, we're not going to go to that Dalton Illinois story. Instead. That bank robbery. Let's go to Dalton Illinois or Montreal. We've seen some of the recent tape of a number of students who were running at the building now. It appears at this corner here that there are a number of people and some would probably be six. We need 14, maybe you're not doing it. Students, but they're not running. So we don't know if it's been indication. This is going to be this. Come to an end. Associate of Press has been reporting that the shooter shot him shot. That's what he was doing. That's what he was doing. We don't know anything more about whether that shooter shot himself is one of the two. Well, maybe not. We're fortunately who had been injured. So it's getting as a whole. Okay. I got to get this done. I have time for her. And this Dawson kind of made sure all the kids are running there. Looks like Columbine all over again. Yes. A smaller scale. Dawson Collins in Montreal never heard that. Did you? No. What you did now? Got him on the map. A Houston area lawmakers said that he is vehemently installed. By independent Google and a turtle candidate, Kinky Friedman's derogatory comments about Hurricane Katrina evacuees. Did you see about this? No. Friedman last week contributed a spike in Houston's crime rate to the crackheads and thugs who evacuated New Orleans. He has demonstrated a total lack of human sensitivity. He said state representative San Frania Thompson, Democrat of Houston. San Frania. The. Where's my glasses? Oh, it's in Frania. That's cute. The people of the Katrina are not. Eleve of Katrina have lost everything in our suffering. Not only from the loss of loved ones. But the trauma of the event itself, what has precipitated from this tragedy is behavior that results from a disastrous event. A spokesman for the treatment campaign didn't return cost to the WP right away. Kinky Friedman is called himself a compassionate Redneck. Said Thompson, Thompson sure. A woman of the Texas legislative Black Caucus. He would do well. The henceforth highlight his compassionate while deimphasizing his redneck tendencies. to Houston murders between January 1st and August 26th and Volk Katrina evacuees, either as victims or suspects, 59 of the 262. Friedman a comedian running as an independent and the former Governor of race later said there were some good people among the evacuees, some. Friedman earlier this week also said that we would not pander to their vinauthment groups while campaigning for governor. I don't eat tamales in the burial, I don't eat fried chicken in the ghetto, I don't eat bagels with the Jews for breakfast said Friedman who is Jewish no kidding. He said that to me is true racism. I'm not even lying around and pandering to the very exact in the group, and of course we know politicians would never do that with no way Jose. They're honest and upstanding. I never got to the Dixie chicks who are alive. Why don't have time? I don't. You do. They don't. They love you. The international press will get their first look at the documentary Dixie chicks out from Sing and Tellers Gala from here they try to film festivals tonight. But entertainment weekly got an early look at the sure to be controversial back in men with LA and can attest to the film will continue to bring the country to your more of the audience from progressive and further condemnation from conservatives. And if you think Sing or Natalie Mains had some harsh words for Bush in public, wait to hear what she had to say about it behind the scenes. Anyway, look at this. She says after watching the footage, Dixie chicks repeats the presence coming about how the group shouldn't have their feelings for it in Craigslist. Then says, what a dumb F. She didn't look at the cameras of addressing Bush and reiterates you are dumb F. And it says in the article here we could be wrong, but we have a feeling that interrider released they're going to love it. Well, I'm interrider, at least, and I love it. Now these days it's full of songs like the R.L. If you ask me a TV and song that now, I wish they'd wake up in the work of the vote. Oh, what happened to them? Oh, what happened? I really missed them. And TV made them see the old stars. What their crew is didn't go far. Come on, now, good play with time. Because wearing this band next was much less hard. Those ladies had come to wear a bizarre, like what the TV called and show far. Where are the videos from? Oh, what a beautiful song. Oh, what a beautiful song. And TV made them see the old stars. And TV made them see the old stars.