And we can't do the Johnny Cash Consists. Hello? Yes? What about Johnny Cash? I'll see I never know where they're on here. I'm sitting here talking to some of that last promo wins and they don't stay there open my pot. They're smoking it, but they don't want to... Yeah, I was going to say idiots. So, uh, pick Jacob at the WTVJ. Really? I didn't hear about that. Where would we hear about? Don't flashman scom today, page four in a heroin. Hahaha. No, no, flashman's column. What a joke. What a market man. You know what? It reminds me of your buddy Tom Jika. Here we have this big story on Friday about the... Your personal... Don't throw those on your show. Does it make it into anywhere in a sun-central? No. Does it make it anywhere in a heroin? No. I don't know where to hear all the separate Jack-ass. No. And that's what you got in the market. Maybe he was no big deal. Yeah, right. No, maybe both newspapers don't have any way that writes about local radio or TV when Joan of Flageman of Gossip Colness has to be the one writing about V-Shake of a WTVJ. It's a pretty significant story. Well, the Hulcome is not on the front page, her crying a lot. What kind of garbage newspapers have you gotten south for at any how? Uh, some markets don't put the television changes on the front page of their papers. Well, how about the front page of the entertainment section? Wouldn't that make sense? What entertainment section? I don't know. Whatever that arts and arts and arts and arts, whatever they call it. That would make sense. Yeah. Yeah. What happened? What's the big change? Every and Bob we were back? How about you, everybody? Everybody else? They were in the head back? Del Frank. Wow. You know, I had him as a guest on my show one time. I know he's a great news guy. He was a very good guy. He came from Washington. He came to South Florida to have kind of like semi-retired. Well, the weekend guy is going to be doing 11 o'clock now. Well, that's not a new story. I had that on days ago. Yeah, they told me that. I didn't hear you say it. Yeah. But Friday. You know Michael Williams, that's not WDTVJ, is it? Yeah. Michael Williams is going to be doing WFOR as for an O'Key track. He's going to be doing night time instead of your buddy cigarette. And Tony will just be doing six o'clock. Good. That's a good step. Now just to get him off of that and we'll be doing a real favor for everybody. Silly guy. And not a new guy. Tony, you're like the Cambrell Martian of New as you are. See you're a jock, you're a sports guy. Go back to you, when Tony or a silly guy. He's been doing a new as for a long time. I know. And not a very good job either. But he sucks it up pretty good. In fact, he should have yet his ass out of there the same time they got with a sloppy Velopi. 47 year old Jennifer Velopi. Talk about ego's man. They both wanted to be taken to work in a limousine. I don't know if they started doing a six o'clock news together. So take your ass out of there in a limousine. So next, bro, age 39. Jackie, next, bro. Oh, Morgan. With William's age 47. Yeah. At 11 o'clock and then, so, age 57. I mean, everybody's name is their age. Ma's that. You tell me. How old are you, Joni, Fleischman? How I say about 80 old bag. Why do they do that? Why do you have to try to embarrass people? I mean, we're old and we admitted. But Joni, Fleischman, I guarantee she makes us look like teenagers. Bob weaver 76. Well, what kind of thing is that to put in there? She listed all the people who have left since 2003. What about when it called as he now? Ralph is a son of a son. He died. Yeah. How about Del, what was his name? The guy used to do the voiceovers. The other weekend, brother guy. The weekend, whether guy. Yeah, oh, geez. He used to do all the voiceovers for WTBJ. Oh, uh, the time is not Frank. No. It wasn't a dark Franklin. No, not even close. He was a weekend weather guy. I'm vaguely remember, don't Frank, and that's not what I'm talking about. Well, the little come to me. Like a bolt from above. I'm sure he's dead. He used to do the weather. We were to do the weather most of the time in the sky. Yeah. To do the weather on TVJ. Jesus. Oh, forgot. He was a little less strike me. Struck me down. So listen to all the people who had left the cherry health men. And oh, thank goodness. I like you know, it's thinking of Jerry Healthman. Now, wasn't it like, uh, her family got murdered or something one time. Remember that? Oh, actually, was her stepmother. Was there a boy? No, her father. Whatever one was. Her stepmother. Well, killed her father. Well, and, uh, where you go, I don't want to sign an insensitive. But Jerry Healthman was working a channel 10 years ago, and she put together a show. It was when I left WTBJ. It was when I left WTBJ to go to INZ. And she put together a show with Dwight Ford Lodderdale. Hosting the show with an, I'm talk radio. And so they, uh, we get on the stage there. There's David Gold from GBS. Remember old GBS when they try to go talk. And it was a, Mr. Ego was on there from, uh, WTBJ snooze. And I'm on there from representing INZ. And it was somebody else on there too. And the whole audience is stacked. There's a little chrome sitting there with his wife and family. And there's, uh, John, uh, levitt my former producer from WTBJ snooze. And then the whole audience is stacked with WTBJ snooze people. She invited them to bring, uh, the, the, the stacked the audience with all their people. And nobody from GBS or ANZ was in the audience. What a joke. I should have got them walked out. Visible big Jerry Healthman. Bob, you're, uh, Harry. How old is she by the way? It says 46. Oh, I like Jerry. I like Jerry a lot. I don't care. Yeah, you like her all you want. You, you're the guy to try to get Kim Bo Kamper on the two to force lot. What do you mean I tried to get him on a full. I tried to get him in a survey, you know. You're in the worst than George Veda. So it easy to push your buttons to just to feel so predictable. Well, at least you didn't try to get your buddies a gacky in there anyway. Good God. He has other things to do. Well, thank God. But oh man. Yeah. Oh, we know. Talk about a nice afternoon. I'm not big on that. I don't know who tomorrow is either. I know what's they don't have decided yet. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What about? Oh. Oh. He's right. He only works about 12 weeks a year. So there you go. So like I said, he's got his deals almost as good as yours. His deals better than any of ours. Believe you me. I never seen a guy like it's about 30 December. We're saying, oh, well, man, dogs off for the rest of the rest of the year. Because he's done his quota of show. Yeah. He's done his 40 shows for the year. Why? I'll take it. That joy. She sure got us. Didn't she? Yeah. Oh, man. What a loser. He, I don't think you will do it. My not. God, so I'm just going to go this with him. Well, I want you to have. I'm not the one who's putting you in charge of being a muscle man. And it's you're going to be the plumbing. I always do it. I would recommend they not do it. Why is that? Because he doesn't need many more money. That's how long to do it. Two to five. Pardon me? How about two to five? I wouldn't be for that. Well, why not? Because I think it's more important that he beyond from four to seven. No, I think it's more important that he's on a tube. Because then he carries over the numbers from us. And the four doesn't. And he carries over the numbers from us. And the four doesn't mean anything. It doesn't mean anything. Oh, no. Who's going to take the joy? Yeah, that's what it means. The four to seven are the most important hours. Really? Yeah, I got an idea. He'll do two to five. And you come back and do five to seventy. Do a split shift. You're only doing three hours anyway. I do that. You what? You come back and do five to seven? Sure. You wouldn't come back and do five to seven in the afternoon and do like six hours a day, five hours. It's only five. Yeah, for the same money. For the same money you're making now. What's that? So the same money you're making now you come back into another two hours. That's our kind of thing. Oh, those two shows? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm not talking about an- I mean in addition to this. I said you back and do five of this in. Oh, just right. Trip to the track. Call our CS that air. No. Oh come on. You forget Jim has a business to run. Yeah. Yeah. So what does that have to do with anything? You've been for it. We're also forgetting he used to do two before. Yeah. So that's two hours a day. Right. Well he wasn't going back to the office after four. He was going home. I said, I'm telling you he won't do it. Okay. I'm going to try it. That's the- that's the banana. I know we am vet. That would make us the greatest radio station in America today on AM, which isn't saying much, but that's what it would do. I'm not saying it's not right, but he has a deal. Well, there's a way now going to hit again. Mr. Chock with factory. What an idiot. Let me say this to you. If a white guy would have said, we want to make a Kalamazoo, for example. The vanilla city. You know we want all white people here. Can you imagine the human cry of the history that would have been, it would have like a tridalincia guy like that. And Ray Noggin, he comes up there and says, well the Orleans, God wants it to be a chocolate city. And that is like trying to water it down a little bit with a little vanilla extract. We have break. Wouldn't it be an idiot? The Orleans is, they say, crap. Back to normal for now. But they should have had a crab. The Levy's. Yeah. The Levy's. They're neither George Morton, Levy, pay serious what they need. Frybread. Frybread and K-drunk cuisine, man. It's a good combination. The mix. Yeah. That emerald Mickey Lagassi. Well, this doesn't have a great day at the other country. I'm not a track today. But well, let's see. It's Wednesday. Have a busy day today. Well, I'm not doing wood by today either. I'm letting my wallet heal up from Monday. I got most of the back, but just the shocking experience. I won't be back at the track until Saturday. Me too. I'll be very Saturday morning, bright and early. I'll tell you if this is one packing guy. And I was taken a fancy to my machine that I like. And I'm going to like drag his ass off of there. Just like that Russian bitch tried to do to me the other day. I'm going to play 10 machines out playing. And then I'm going to. And send her to Siberia that bitch. Maybe it's too much vodka that makes those people the way they are. Who is it? Oh, there was a Russian bitch. So the other day she had like a whole bunch of machines tied up. And I'm sitting there and she and her trick was she put two coins and then she'd run away for a half an hour and play on the other side. And her coats on the cherry. And as you got a tease afraid that somebody else might win something. That kind of person you're, I mean. Kind of people I want to come in and talk all the good machines, man. See, I can't take the stripe at the slot machine place. Well, you wouldn't like, you wouldn't like this place because the kind of the drags of mankind come in there. I told you they take the TTC, the bus system goes right up to wood bind. Yeah. So a lot of the, the, how do I say it gently? A lot of the scum of the universe so why not put a lot of machine. No, that's not true. Now I refuse man. It falls you. They say the finest. And anybody goes in there and their tongue doesn't hang down to their shoes man. It's got to be blind, different dumb. The most beautiful, young, well dressed people. I mean, it breaks his polatial. Really? Yes. And they got the biggest sports book in Canada. I'm telling you, enjoy falls view alive. You know, they're great. Well, okay, down to buses to go to Atlantic. Well, as that, that's the same thing with wood bind. That's what I'm telling you to get on the bus. Well, you know the kind of people that get on the bus. Yeah, but all the respect to you people out there that use the bus. Oh, or on a few folks, you slime balls. Who? Busies. Yeah. It reminds me of Don Busy, the great harness driver. That note. Have a great day. You too. And see if it were a rainy day. I'm saying that weather guy. Oh, a dick panel. Oh, dick panel was great. Yes, he's dead, wasn't he? I'm not sure. Well, let's find out. That's your assignment for today. Oh, okay. Fennel seed. He did all the voiceovers. He was the voice of the panel. Good guy. WTVJ. Good guy. I like him a lot. Perfect. I met him when I was on some stupid show on that channel one time. That I was on the Jimmy Scythler Show on channel 10 one time. I've been around man over the years. I had a great show that Kendall Play to show Mark Jacobson and Don Cox Reston piece. Oh, I remember that show. Oh boy. Talk about embarrassment. Well, I had to do it to keep the account. And Wayne bought that place. So forget about that. Listen. Have a great day. And see how to Wayne over the ballpark. Say, give him a big kiss. I'll be there. Not yet. Fuck. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Hey, folks. See you around. With a fine, we might as well have a count over. And you'll walk at me. No. We'll get in. That's your favorite. You're going to find more than anyone. Nobody wanted to be with you. You're not a better guy than us. I'm going to find you. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, here goes lad, ya'll Shift r for all of this stuff. now come on don't mess up your einer l for the team. 1 for the team. That's right. 1 for the jiffer. 1014 a QM if you're in the dead end job. Maybe like radio. If you're underpaid. If your new year's resolution is zero out of that rut. And get yourself a high-panker. We're at now. Pick up that phone and call fast train to a free. At 1-866 fast train. Fast train will get to train to ready for your new high-panker. And just a few short months. That's all it takes to turn your life around. You can turn it around in your life too. You can get a new high-panker. 5 p.m. just months. The demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high. Fast train offers convenient day, evening and weekend classes, job placement and assistance, and financial aid for people to qualify. So, pick up that phone right now. Call fast train to 1-866 fast train. They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005. Check fast train on the web at fast train.com. But you better act now to order to get that new high-panker. We're because classes are full up fast. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Start making a big fat paycheck every day and get yourself a real life. That goes along with it. Make this new year's resolution for reality this year. By calling fast train today, toll free at 1-866 fast train. This is a meal runner. This is 5-16-2-8-8-8-8. Now, the all-ragers got. The pressure's got to let us know. Like someone's angry, you'll show it all. I'm tired of it here. Oh, somebody should say that he is fine. Some patients say he has flat eyes. So, come on and let us know. Will he stay or will he go? He will not fade, take fade. He has a stroke of heaven's sight. Oh, I think someone is telling lies. Don't leave and know if he's alive. Maybe he's doing just so soon. What's up with Adley? I'm back to that old bag, Johnny Fleschman there. He must be about 110 years old. You know, he's older than Matuzzo's grandma. And she's talking about other people's age. What does that all about? What do you mean? What does that all about? What do you mean? What do you mean? I'm 73. We want to know how old you are. You put it on the headline in the hero on the front page. Johnny Fleschman celebrates 89th birthday. What a crocker cramp. Such a bush league town. And always has been always will be. I don't care what anybody says. I mean, that's one thing you can take to your grave. You know, for a fact that nothing is ever going to change. It's just a matter of degrees. You know what I mean? I talked to temperature, just like the weather. Just a matter of degrees. Anyway, an engineer was kidnapped in 10 Iraqis killed today. Things are going very well over there. Oh, we're fine. I'm going to attack three vehicles in Western Baghdad. About 30 minutes earlier, three Iraqi police. Once they've been killed on a roadside bomb attack on a police patrol in Al-Sandia. About 45 miles east of Bakuba. It was Cuba. Also, gunmen killed three people in a flat in southwestern Baghdad's Al-Baya neighborhood today. It just a lot of killing a lot of bloodshed. A lot of people dying. Freedom's on the march. Yeah, Freedom's on the march. These poor bastards, man. We went in there and just turned their lives. I won't say we turned it upside down. We took away a lot of lives and maimed and tortured and wounded. And all these things. But nevertheless, surprise for Freedom, baby. It's a surprise to get in that big American Jew within those oil fields. Here's the poll from yesterday. Speaking of that, speed of that whole Iraqi situation. And all the other situations like Northern Ireland. And the Middle East. You know, basically this thing with Iran. It's the same old crap. The Arabs and the Jews. Well, you know what? Castle host to both of you folks. You all you militant. I mean, you know, I'm not one of those Jews. I don't care about Israel. I don't care about India. That's stuff. I don't hate the Arabs. I don't hate the idea of people one at a time. Now, birds. That's another story. They all need to be taken out. What? I don't know what you're laughing about. I do people with your parents and parakeets and mine of birds and cockatoo and whatever else you got in the cage. We're coming to get it. And thank you. You know how I feel about cats, right? I got a cat rescue story here somewhere. And I'm going to pour out footage. Well, cats kill birds. So, you know, that's what I'm saying. What we're going to do is start making Ziggins of cats. We're going to have them reproducing like rabbits. And they're going to be like 12 trillion cats. We're going to term list to kill all the birds. We're going to promise cats can fly too good. But maybe we can make some flying cats. You throw what hard enough that flies. So, what all this great genetic engineering we have right now. Maybe they can make a flying cat. Just wait. Go up there and grab them birds around the sky. Anyway, what's the worst thing about religion? 1710. Potes. Breeds hate an intolerance for 182. All of these things. 16. All of these. 40 string. That will get to here. 360. We put that on late too. All these things except one. Spons violent phonetics. 270. Two is there any doubt about that? Or no way Jose. Stop it above my sees. It's okay. It's okay. If it's, you know what they do like with kids. You see in the movies all the time. A parrot gets killed or dies from some disease. Oh, well, Danny, he's in heaven now. Oh, what's he coming back? He's never coming back. He's in a better place. He's in heaven. Yeah, I mean, that's a lie. Like Santa Claus, but maybe that's not the only way that parents can explain that to little kids, you know, when they're like 18 or 19. If you're going to come up with them later, you know, when you die. Yeah, right. Which of course. I think they can look forward to that. They're in the sky. We know what he's going to look like. Because he ain't got nobody in normal and, uh, he ain't got no heart and no brain and no liver and no kidneys. But other needs things. He's not doing too bad. No pancreas, no, uh, bladder. Anyway, Spons violent phonetics. That's 272. It's all volatimid 2017. Now we're talking. That's my kind of answer. I like the people who have voted for that. It's all pile of crap. I will have to do it. Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. Um, keep stable stupid. What he did to nothing. We needed badly. 81% of sure drop for you down. 4.7% of his audience is that's stupid, man. We need religion, better for what? Oh, can you imagine what a blood bath the earth would be if we didn't have religion? I think we're doing a pretty good job and then already even with it. Right. Let's try without it for about 100 years. Oh, that's what we are. You're about it. Well, there you go. Politics. Of course, uh, chocolate versus vanilla. What can we ask you, Raynegan? What can Brown do for you? Anyway, in peace scientific progress, 55, I hate these pools. 50. We're going to put that on every day just for the haters out there. Get out of your system. Baaaaa! Get a good one of those out. A great waste of time in 1931. And encourages overpopulation only vain to quattro. I don't understand that. Only 24. There we say. There's no kidding. Huh? There's somebody other good choice. No. Something got to win. That's one of the worst things. And of course, you talk about wild, you know. And it's assembly, uh, the, uh, feed this huggers. You know, all right, they're whole concept. Right. And here's today's pool, which we want to thank Mike. Wasn't it, Michael? Yes. Michael, I can motorcycle who, uh, Mike, I don't want to use his last name from somewhere. Uh, fastened yesterday. For me, listening to the O'Rages is a guilty pleasure because I'm a or an, whatever. 346. Now, not to be above 225, but then we get into the meat to the matter. A Cranky old far 23. Employed by another radio station, 14. Uh, huh? How do you like that? Everybody in this market is listening to show, you know that. As a 14, you multiply that times 100. You have 14 hundred other radio station people listen right now. And especially they've listened to me when it trends in the earnings come out. Speaking of that, when's that, uh, fall book coming out? But it's going to be the fall book? I don't know. Yeah. I'm talking about December all my way out. I'm a big a part of what do we ask now? Clarence. Okay. Oh, is she off to another hurricane game or something? No, no, he there. Well, how come we don't have a date on the calendar there for when the fall book comes out? This is, this is not just another one that was meaningless trends. This is the rating book. This is our bonus money, baby. Right, I don't. This decides whether you or Josh ever get another check. This decides whether normal can ever get so many money this year from me. Well, I think he made a good point. He emailed me last night about a band in per rescue because he's oblivious to the fact we're doing the best of this for them. As usual, he's out of touch with anything going on connected to show or my life. And as we've done about that, I'm thinking, yeah, instead of giving him that money this year, I'll send the money to a band in per rescue. Dr. Think? That's a great idea. For the little dogs and kitty cats, they need my help as opposed to normal who made Zillion sell that fat newspaper. What does that? Cranky old Phar 24 and flip out of the radio station 15. It's moving on up. Talkish Republican 14. Ooh. Gunhugger 12. A lot of cross-overnie's. Faghator 12. Like all those three categories probably are mixed in match. Redneck 9. There's another one. Right wing Christian 9 and another one. Clansman 8 and another one. Jamaican 6 mine. Oh man. An old green tooth Cuban five orthodox dufah four five. And Nazi sympathizer four. So I think those lines two kind of cancel each other out. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Nazi sympathizer four. What do you think about that? That's kind of a good polar. You know, I mean, not the above is obviously going to win because most of our people are just your normal everyday. That's been wonderful folks. Right. Yeah. Make no mistake of booth that. I mean, I'd vote for the green teeth thing, but let's eat their yellow. I see. Let me be able to get some of that. The strips that you put on your teeth. What is that all about? That's the white strips? Yeah. The pain in the ass. I tried that once. What is it? Garbage. I guess we're keeping a good idea. A very strange concept of brush your teeth. That's a really good idea. And don't be using those two face to cut that carcinogen. I remember I read the name of those. Yeah. What was it? I don't know. Mother Colgate called Rate. I used crest myself. And you can say that I used the one with the little breath strips. It's mine, right? I said it was fine. I said it was fine. Who want to get a big tumor on your throat? I don't know. Who the hell knows? I used that Colgate with the little breath strips. It's kind of strange. What is that all about? I don't know. I like it. He likes the strip factor. 27 past 10 and 5 and 60 WQM attention. Are you balding guys out there? Which is just about everybody. If you have a hair loss problem or if you're currently wearing a nasty hair system. Better listen to this because Chuck Alphi has been supplying a designing hair systems for showbiz people. Politicians are more importantly. The everyday guy just like you for over 40 years now. And so life's time of doing it right. Most people say you can always spot a hair system because it looks like somebody died on your head. Well, those are the bad ones. How many good hair systems go on noticed? Charles Alphi or systems are completely natural. They look like the wheel head grown out of your head. Designed with just the right amount of hair and they proper recessions. Run your hands through it. It looks like it feels just like your own hair. Because 99 bucks now, Charlie will question his own hair system specifically for you. You try for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels. It's yours for an additional 500 bucks. You keep the hair on your head. But Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied. You're offering you this amazing guarantee. If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it. Throw it at him and say, fat, here you go. And Charlie give you back your 99 bucks. You're got nothing loose with the ugly, shiny balls spot. That's enough for you to be crazy to refuse. So, call Charlie if they can look better and younger than you ever thought you could again. Maybe get a little action to on a side or whatever position you like. Call 1-800-3-21-24-13. 1-800-3-21-24-13. Charlie's studio is in Fort Lauderdale of course. That's 1-800-3-21-24-13. Around the web, it's Charles Alfieri.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16. Hey, it's Alex, Alex Daily. Work him back to LaBon HoweGiveatashawl. racksfront full of zanys. But good clean. Done! Are you here? And you're dead! I did kind of praise. You know that pipe smoke and things rape is funny. Is that funny? What? What? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What did you require me? I require you drive your veins. I'm not seeing it. Right now. Oh, I just don't care. Drop it off. We're under duty. You're like a man. Get your head up. Get out of here. That up ends up nice. That's my girl. I'm not touching my girl. It's just tender. I just want to make things funny. I just want to take it. It's my dad's life. Don't put it there. I'm sorry. Enough man. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get your head out of here. I'm sick. I gotta wash these eggs. I'm not going to get in. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. What do you have some kind of fairy? Great. What do you know about being queer and you're more on? I've been right back to know the difference. We're supposed to be talking about sports here. We love men. I'm just pouring on. I don't care. Don't get paid by the good boy. I'm going to make something out of this great paper. You understand? You can maybe let our whole little link source. If you're out of my pants. Okay. It's a joke. You're more on. Oh no. There's more shit in my pants. Who's the boy? Who's the boy? Who's the boy? Who's the boy? He's the boy. He's the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, get out of here. Where do you see what I'm here? He's getting raped. And it's a bit... Jarl, look, he's doing right away. Thanks a lot. It's about time. Someone is out of drop your pants. I said drop your pants. That isn't a motking. If there's something to go while you're watching golf. It's like this. Or the, uh, I've looked within your eyes. I like this. Oh, the boy. The boy. The boy. Oh, the boy. And I look where you made me so kind. It gets inside of the line. Who looks? You want to work my show? You'll do as you told. Now get over here. And that's right. You know? Now come in. I get over there. Come in. Come in. I love you. I dare. I'll be here. Do the pizza. Oh, I did not steal more pizza. Do the pizza. I'll see you. I ain't no bite. I'm very glad you're all the pizza. I can't see the food. You only have one slice. Put your foot close to the glass door. See if anybody's inside. No. Close. Close. Close. I can't. I can't. I can't. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. You're a sub guy, huh? Why are you? Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. You're passing here. Oh, the boy. The boy. You're a little bit more. I'll write this up which is step aside. I'm a little hope, see. I stand before you now. Let me question myself. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. Oh, the boy. Well, perhaps you'll sign or mine, shall I? You're my totally. I don't like those of our affoodlets. No, I don't want you to. Who is all of these? You're the one who's off to the room. I'll never bite me. Where's your order? It was for the boy that I was with you. Why you all not yet know? Hey, my order, sir. I go home now. One short. Watch out for Mr. pivotalist. We own a sweet acquaintance. That was a sweet boy. What the fuck? What the fuck? Both. Both, all right.. That was one, which was a fuck. Look how synchronized you are. Okay! She knew who you were, right? Forget it. That's what I say, because my ass. Oh, man. But as much as that movie I watched again for the second time improbable in what is it called the down just in case Not something I'm gonna get a for you people. What is it called? Imaginary heroes all right with the Segurini Weaver and Emil Hirsch not related to Sunning Hirsch or Judd Hirsch Right, I'm obsessed with Emil Hirsch don't look on the internet by the way. There's no good pictures on her Well, but you know what I'm doing? I'm important that you already checked. I checked. Oh, you kidding me. I'm sure why not And anyway, let's think it's a lot of these calls here today. What do you say by the way tomorrow? It wasn't 30 though book Tomorrow Eddie loves a 30 how do you like the psychic vibes again? He does it again? How the hell is that possible you got it Start tomorrow is 11 30 is the Fall book comes out along. Gonna be out sick to tomorrow the pressure is building tremendous But we never we'd he got the monthly for October November I have no idea his member always on vacation or whatever Inside of really know whether we did well or poorly. We're gonna be dropping off a big September I know that's about we've had a huge December. I'm telling you right now, man Otherwise Joe bells gonna start looking at rearranging the whole lineup on here. He might even bring in the big heavy weights like Joseph Gackie and Kimba Boe camper 567.0.560 Town five 60 need Verizon singular wireless line. You know, let's remember that blur by head about the Hillary Clinton speech right And she said Congress was a run like a plantation and then not another try all these media Including the CNN. Oh well, did she do herself harm by that what she mean by the yeah? Oh come on Already you people are so transparent you not see bastards you sell out you've been it during Vietnam You're doing again now during Iraq and everyone you people in the media you got blood on your hands Your hands are so bloody you've been ever even even a whole can of comic cleanser can't scrub it off How do you like that you slime balls WQ a M hello 96 power 96 Well, I know we told us need to hit that yeah 567.0.560 pound five 60 that was I think the cast group put that on the year 96. I remember that. I do remember that yeah smuck WQ a M hello Yeah, yeah This nails sounds like me. Yes Hey guys doing long time listener first time core. Yeah, I want to tell you guys about a movie that Was very very good got very little publicity because of a lawsuit. It's called long star stars Chris Connor Chris Christopus in a little bit senior and Matthew McCottany and the rest of John else and And Christmas often as an evil sheriff is Incredible and you guys should go to the lady to review on it Very interesting you supply us back to the really well done movie a university of Miami professor So the producers just before was to be released in theaters because she said they stole her story Yeah, no, no, no, no man, but your heart asses and never got released and went directly to video stores Long star directed by John sale. I got a lot of things a lot paly sure. Bye. Yeah. I'm okay. I got them going to write down low and star It's got Chris Connor and Chris O'Neill and Chris Chris stop a ruin and try to forget that it's got Chris because stop the city No, I don't like him at all. In fact star is born somebody should have been shot for we make an am movie twice Such a it was a great move. What no the middle one was good The one with James Mason and Judy girl. That was the one to one without any of the original one with Frederick March We just beyond silent movie. I mean it was in the 30s. I believe I like those kinds of movie Well, I'm happy for you in fact We got a channel you'd like a lot of channels you'd like let's see 320 is the silver channel If I'm moving on right now victory of the great boy 40s This is a double 34 And Thanks for all those Victoria and Editors by the way Queenie you bitch WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir I Question about the Panthers home schedule. Yeah, you know February 9th February 13 You know if they have any home games probably a good idea of Google it It yet going line go do the Panthers call me for the scheduled to have any home games We have a Panthers schedule no although I do understand the Panthers have several a lot of inventory on the station half of our spots Are going to subsidize Alan Cohen because he keeps you making up those phony attendance numbers there you're not fool anybody Allen, okay We love the Panthers they lie a lot You know come on 17,000 for the Columbus game. They must have been hanging on on the outside Or maybe they cut all the people shopping if the sawgrass you think that could be it could be Car about the Panthers kids, you're like a call off a sports show, okay call up across the street Maybe those idiots are oh and by the way my nervous prediction for our dinner crosses three tomorrow Oh This is Point oh This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station are you a metham pedamine addict looking for a wider smile For your three renewing team Try method and two face what I've been out on crank I know I look my very best in my motion turn inside please Method and two face has extra floor eye protection for the all night tweaker who's worried about Tarderville it's not a reparable brain damage your mass sedentia Me gasket like smoke some not know it won't really I'm gonna try it the way your brain sells maybe dead, but your teeth will look that way with method and toothpaste I'll be able to know recreational pharmaceutical section of your local supermarket. We're just try that cool get with the a little of breath scripts in it I just google the a panther thing here and they got no home games I'm ready as well. Huh? No home games is that right one of they got February 3rd The Atlanta trashers are in town, but then after that they're on a road the rest of the month and of course is the break for the Olympics in there too, which is really a travesty and idiotic thing nice going NHL you idiots But anyhow, sorry no home pants again in those days for that punk pick called before we thought it was called a sports show some like that 5 670 560 we're talking about great movies that nobody ever heard of before today I bet you nobody in this audience saw that movie that I'm all whipped up about imaginary heroes imagine your heroes did you write it down? I did why you write it down because I wasn't gonna remember it otherwise So now the one that was brain fart things I was watching and I couldn't remember the name of the movie now We already saw it once before I saw from beginning to when last night though What a tiered my eye Especially email heresh, but nevertheless 5 670 560 just keep your shirt on email. Okay cover up that here pound five 60 It's not unusual for like a 19 year old kid. Have here on this chest Oh, it depends on what ethnicity there. Yes, well, what we say heresh To it is that sounds Jewish or German and the Germans are a squeaky clean man right hairless Are they they even have a hair on there? They may be a pimple or two five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 in a Verizon singular wireless line. How's that pull coming? Well, you know if we play that mole Um, goodbye moment by four five times it'll be time to go home Oh man that thing is outstanding and is long For me listening the arrages is a guilty pleasure because I'm number the above two 64 Well, thank goodness for that So that means that 35% of the audience so is one of the above out of 435 cranky old fart We got about 30 vote employed another radio station 23 they'll be listed in our 11 30 windows numbers come up because there you are management keeps him in the dark like Johnny dark Is he about him? I'm not Johnny dark no, oh Johnny dark hawkish Republican 17 speaking of Johnny dark Gunhugger 16 Fag heater 12 red neck 11 right wing Christian 10 Plans been nine a Jamaican mom six all that just the tickles by fancy As they say on passions it tickles old fancy what a pain in the ashes fancy and schmancy old green to a Cuban six Now see civilizer six and orthodox you five like I said last two will cancel each other out Those orthodox dudes man. I'll get him with their just the aroma from the armpits We'll take care of those Nazis sympathizers That aroma will put you in a coma that's what Ariel Sharon said How's he doing by the way? He's still a dime over there? Sorry, just what the aroma will put you in a coma. Yeah, right? Well the orthodox use in a middle of July man on the beach. Oh, a moly. Oh, they're wearing all the heavy coat in the hat Oh, yeah, would are tallest and the chitches in the all brother Get a life already in the good get at least into the 16 century would be good start WQA and home 2 a m The radio turned up real sounds like me on the year Q a m one time I'm pretty good somebody Q a m hello Q a m yeah, yes, I do I'm safe great. I got a movie for you But I don't know the guy who called before about loan star. Yes. It is a good movie, but I saw it in the theater But it is a great movie. Maybe he just keeps you and maybe he's a fSU fan Baby, you know what to say about the hurricanes? Yeah, I'll spill a sound How about American splendor? Have you ever seen that no with Paul G. Amati? He plays out a hundred ground comic I misted in the theater and I came across it on cable one night and I was musta watched it ten times in cable and found out and bought it But it's great it's a steric hole and Kind of serious to about real life I don't know George saw it. No, look at it. No, okay, I'm just going to write in the down right now These down because I want to get a whole bunch of good flips for the weekend It's a um because I'm definitely not gonna watch your city of God Yeah, yeah, you are no man. I actually knew city of God was a good movie But I'll never you'll never want to go to Brazil at the Santa I already don't look ten minutes of an item Even without you and I don't want to go to Brazil. How do you like that? And you know they're going as Karen Dero about a prison in Brazil. That's another good one Oh, I got that I have yet to watch it. I started watching it. It's very good. It's very very disturbing already Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Thank you. See you in we all see what we're gonna call County Val That's right Kind of all in real man where the amendment and so we're most of the women five six seven oh five six Oh Town five sister leave a rise in singular. You know there there's a scene I gotta get you the movie. I'm gonna go during a break. I'll go in the now get a script here from Alexis Imaginary Oh, it's speaking of stuff like that. I gave a chicken neck both episodes of South Park both the bloody Mary one that you'll never see otherwise Right and the in the closet slash signs I know I already burnt them for you. I just gave them to him to stick in the diplomatic pouch. Oh Excellent so that I wouldn't have to fill out a for me to put whatever's about to say what was I gonna say that you're gonna I'm gonna do a major here as far as there's a scene in there at the New Year's party It's also a Very brief, but that's kind of interesting and then like kind of like keeps you wondering rest of the show him and his boyfriend's I mean his buddy from next door, but The New Year's Eve party. They're sitting around the guys playing piano and there's a I don't know whether it's a woman or a drag queen or what it is a sing in this outrageous Silly S Mary Christmas song just It's a funny scene. It's his bizarre. I have to feel yes Just like the calls of line nine always are Q a M hello Yeah, oh, that sounds like we're fine Do it's for friends rest in peace Danny go have can you be what and be the other WQ a M hello Something or on this they should either Q a M hello Yes, sir, there's one hey. I just got back in the house Solomon speaking I heard the last part of your show yesterday our David's not with you guys anymore That's no he is not his a guy or did he quit what did he do? His contract has come up March 10th and a I made him an offer he decided to refuse They've paid him off of the two months and no more nonsense and they weren't gonna be new with any way So he said I'll take the money for two months and bye bye and then he said Do it or do it though. No, he's in that wow So can we can't pay it for managed from two to six now? That's what I'm saying Thank you for joining the band again man. I think we ought to like have a demonstration of best lineup that you and whatever I'm the one that is correct you got it all right, buddy Thank you. Thanks, paling see I mean even even just a casual listener much less the real professional loyal folk QA and folks They realized that mad dog to the six Hank and you're truly in a mad dog my god and then of course Orlando rock solid When everybody's asleep early in the morning and it decayed late at night when most people are going to better watch and TV or out getting laid I mean that's what it's all about right absolutely That's we would own the market man. I'm telling you right now. Let's campaign. Let's start we want bad dog come on. What are you saying? Oh, right It's a bad guy He's right here Hank on there says that he would talk a lot of it What is with the hump or man? I think the blood sugar is probably over 600 days I think the bagels you know, so I what did I say something about? I remember I was talking about right away breathing ride bread. Where did I have to that come from? Came from carb I'll tell you where came from carbohydrate Hill as we're came from all You die very stuff there with your carbohydrate shame on you shame on you stop with a bread stop with the cakes and the pies and the pizza and the ice cream and the Plementation And the potato cougal and the pasta and the potatoes all of these All of these things What's the other one we will cream puffs or it clears? Coach will love with cream puffs. How about a chocolate can only by large martian Hmm, they have the best chocolate can only be over to the ladies. I got the you read my keys They yes since you saw Godfather three you're probably not in a canoes no more I don't know I ever like and biblid about canoes Fizen rock out of cheese you're like with cottage cheese. I told I don't know those are things How to cut that it's powdery. WKOM hello. What is not powdery grand you WKOM hello? I got a movie for Neil. Yes, sir Boondock thing Boondock Saints yeah I got the same copy. I don't think you'll be in for George's What is it? Hey What is it it's a shoot him up movie it's all oh You know me I'm a pansian and violence no as opposed to a city god It's a little all over the place boom doc. I'll watch city of god. How long is it about two and a half hours two Little under two hours oh god I'd rather lose five grand this weekend of woodbun than watch that it's a good movie. I'll tell you what I'll just send the five grand a joshin And then I won't watch that you guys. Yeah, just don't watch it That's a bargain Oh man I'll watch it. I you know any better be damn good. I'll tell you that it's a good story after all this Hyping everybody in the problem. This is so great. I have tried two times to get into it I it's just just nothing but a bunch of you know you can get like dizzy watching it you can get to a vertical First of all it's not just it does have a lot of violence that that's the world they live in and it's a I don't mind a lot of violence if there's a story you know I mean with a good it like a competition or wasn't any story matter In fact they use male under fries and hamster and which are we new that as a matter of fact it's actually the story of three people all coming together Well that sounds like one of those John homes movies Jesus man kind of stuff you're putting on the year That's why they say city of old god that's good. Is that what they say at the end? Oh my god. Yeah, I'm like the like father old tool 5670560 we got the Curtis Stevenson in the two to four slots this afternoon I just to fill him. He's just to fill in in I guess. I don't know I would have thought with a new guy we got now of course did probably up to What's his name what's his name? What's his name? What whatever now clearance oh I'll decide on a mine Somebody help parents is sticking his finger in there too. Let's get mad dog to the six starting tomorrow What are you saying come on okay? No, we got the bedwagon though Josh should we with that That'll be nice. I will be swells. What it will be really swell We needed and then we got the mad dog for the seven today until he starts his new to the six gig tomorrow Hurricanes warm up tonight at seven o'clock and in the U. M. Clemson 739 30 and must be a home game because parents came out of town And then it decay after U. M. basketball. How do you like to follow that? This is me This is the new Roger cell This is your brain Any questions I Insurance I All that makes So The best years of what we My life Identifies lices Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, thank you. All are an unique prowess and a beautiful micheeeer! Well, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Iowa vitesse I'm 60, every QAM and talk about slime balls. Several hours after a third suspect found it out and aggravated battery count in the homeless beatings case he was re-arrested. And remember you talking about paintball? Yes, I was. And charged with firing a paintball gun at a homeless man who was beaten to death while sitting on a bench in a four-loaded ill park? That would be really bad if we played sleeping on a bench in the ill park. Like I said yesterday, it would be in such a poor taste, wouldn't it? Or not sleeping on a bench in the old, right? Or how much is sitting on a bench? Would that be bad? Yeah, that's enough. Go on overdo the bad taste. The detective Kathy Collins-Fleesh folks will mention the re-arrested William Amons 18 and Fort Lauderdale was made yesterday afternoon. Amons was initially charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon-leet Monday like Sally Fitts and was released on a $10,000 bond from the Brewer County Javar-Bontini and yesterday morning. That case alleges he attacked Raymond Parish 49 as the homeless man privacy in the church filed by the sea of the 173 causeway. Interesting. And he was sleeping by the church and about a being, you know? That'll help. That's a big problem. That was on that church at that moment. The new county led his Amons to part in the murder of a Norris Gainer 45 who was beaten to that early last year. Riverside Esflad Park. According to an affidavit filed by police in the murder case against Amons an unnamed witness said in a sworn statement that Amon Choggainer were the paypal gun. The police statement says that Amons admitted his use of the paypal gun to shoot the victim. Punk. According to a police affidavit, Amon submitted to investigators that he and two others have been involved in a beating of Parish and fronting Parish while he was sleeping at a church. Amons, the affidavit, since struck Parish with a driver of golf club and a head and upper body, one of the others hit Parish with a baseball bat. What a bunch of real gutsy kids, huh? Yeah. Although the two of us mentioned the Amons affidavit are not named police and they believed the tree currently facing charges were involved in all three attacks. But just since their hobby, you know, they got and beat the crap out of homeless people. Further, reflecting an impossible said or a lot of ill police folks from Katherine Collins, no relation to Dennis Collins, earlier in the day, I'm just very ruled that another defendant of the case, Brian Hooks. I wonder if he's Kim the Schmidt Hooks. Brian Hooks, 18, would continue to be held in jail with our bond. By the way, the good news for you is that probably Amon or your, uh, what is it? Primal Fury is showing up. All right. And even better news is that imaginary hero ships out to Amon. I'm sorry. Went to my five grand come. Uh, when Carter runs out of pills. Let's see, pull question. Katherine, that's a good one. Not, not a full question. Send this in for the pull. Here with it. Carry or whatever your name is. Can you read that name on there? No. Corey, carry, or corny, or something like that. Well, whatever it is, Catholic is good though. I'm a Catholic. I would have Catholic as in the show. It would be called dead. Father, tool, Mike, kids like Kevin, or his breakdown. Mike's start running around chasing little boys. Or even if they don't listen. 567.056. I've 16 pound 566 in Verizon, sing it a while. Let's start over to the movie thing, because I won't. I remember that. He was very upset because he didn't like movies. Don't you remember that? Oh, no. I'm not scratching my head. How can there be anybody? Doesn't like movies. You know, I can understand, it'll like bad movies. You know, I don't want to spend too much time watching movies. But what kind of people do? And so I say, oh, I don't want no pizza. I don't like pizza. I don't like water. What kind of people don't like pizza? It is. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Somebody QAM, hello. I, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Somebody QAM, hello. Oh, he can watch one on. Hey, I'm a rap music listener in punk. And I am listening to your show. That's the truth. I just have a bottle of beer too. Very good movie. I think you write it. Yeah, and I think you're like American history, X2. That's the only tool we've ever done. That's my back one. We are. I wanted to put on your list. Okay. Thanks, Tommy. Hey, Dave, I'm almost used to whip a bottle back. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. That's great. Oh, American history. Yes. Can you talk about Ed Norton? And I said that he's only been good in two. We're talking about Norton from the Jackie Blees Metro Art Turning. But that was his best movie. I think. Really? Yeah. American history. Oh, that about it. You like, well, do you haven't seen primal fear either one of those? No, I don't think you'll be mean. It's no doubt about it. Oh, but it was just a good movie. He's on the map primal fear. You might just be even for you or not. And who else was in, uh, Imagine your hero is actually a security. He is so great in there. If you don't love her performance in there. She is just fabulous. She's always great. She always shows up. And, uh, but this, I mean, it was nothing popping out of her stomach. But what? Can't have everything. Now let's see. Who's the guy that I told you isn't email her? Go at that him. I don't think you'll be quite as smitten with him as I was. And he's good. He's good actor. He was in that much boy. Would I chicken? Oh, that's him. Okay. What do you mean that's him? What does that mean? I'm not going to do anything to watch the movie because I don't know who that is. No, no, no, no. I know problem with email. He did a good job. What I saw that. He's a very good actor. Mm-hmm. Maybe he's not going to hit him for that movie. I'll see. Imagine your hero is, let's see. Who else was in it? Let me just still look up to the thing here. I'm not telling you the guy. I was in it. I can't, I've got to bring it in. Jeff Daniels. Oh, he's also good. So he's the asslimy father. The father would just, you know, Tipper. I see a lot of people can relate to that because, but not not that my father, I didn't shave, but he was just a jackass. But he's just incapable of expressing any kind of love or positive emotion. He's just a loser, you know? I say any, the ending I will admit is, I don't know if you'll be having, but does end. It has to conclude you in the ending. I'll go to therapy and maybe two or good to two, but it's fine. Well, let's go. New car like a baby when you watch that. Oh, no, don't tell me that. What? Nothing. I'm a weepy bastard. Are you really? I am. And a couple of tears in my eyes. I'm sure the ass end of it last night, because I knew it was ending. WDQAM, hello. You're expressing any kind of love. QAM. Yes, I like to speak to me. Speaking. How are you doing now? All right, how are you doing? Pretty good, pretty good. A nail, the mad dog needs to come out from two to six. Amen. And, uh, right. Have you looked at the dog market today? I've actually found seven million points. Let me take a look at the gambling channel. Yeah, all those, uh, what was the one it was, uh, Yahoo, that took a big dump, right? Yahoo. Ah, Google. Everybody's going down. Yeah. Okay, thank you. I'm a guy that was only down 47 points. And as deck is down 30, uh, what is it? I don't know what it is. They got a funky crawl on there today. I thought it was going to take a huge dump or something like that. It's not put there. Nothing. Oh, and a Canadian dollar 85 and a quarter cent. Oh, boy, what was me? That's bad. Four years ago with 62 cents and I was 85 cents and that cost me a lot of money. Sonny, I'll tell you right now. Not good. Nice good. Get that American dollar back up there. W. You idiot. You're feral. You're feral. All right. I want to see the disaster. And disaster to humanity. How come it is that anybody with a brain conceit? Just look at him. He wants to scream. And he's sure I, or I'm not afraid he's, is latest, uh, approval rating yesterday. We missed that story. At least, never got to it. You know what his newest approval rating is? I give 39%. The lowest ever. All right. 39%. I mean, that's pathetic. Yeah. I think even him. I'm gearing could get 39%. At least I've in John Geras' house. 560560. By the way, John, your apology is not accepted. You just ought to know better. Send a candy to us. So cool vibe. Go be back to apologize again tomorrow. I don't want him to come back to apologize. Tell him to get us the Austrian ass out of there. Tell him to tell him to go back to the Alps. Take a quick, quick drop off the tallest one. Got to see him, idiot. WQAM, hello. Anywhere are you doing? All right, family. All right. Those kids would have thought this was a game not the homeless guy. Yeah. Yeah. I'd never thought this thing would have been a day when they'd have sent up to Rape. Yeah. I'd have been pathetic with a three-starly-women rifle as they're not going to do too well up in federal prison. Right. They're going to rape her. Yeah. I don't think so. Who'd have known is they ought to go to hells where they ought to go? Oh, yeah. How can you say that there misunderstood an air right? misunderstand this. Okay. Yeah. Why can you? Yeah. They are sorry. Looking bunched. Maybe they're taking their anger out. They're looking at me in the morning. They're taking their anger out on some poor defensive schmuck that's sitting on a bench. That's a real gussy, balzy thing to do. It's like guys that beat up little kids or their women or whatever it held us. Well, by the way, that guy that almost scored the, that would have been disgrace. Had Rothersburg and not made that tackle in the steaver of Kroeskiyman Sunday. Because the guy that was on a way with the Inter-Salyory, the Republican cover. That's the same. We have number 25. I honestly don't remember. Yeah, it is. That's the same guy that is wifey and it keeps saying, well, he had a domestic dispute. Yeah, right. He got arrested last summer for beating a crap out of her and then she had another domestic, there was even sometimes he was going to play in that game on, whatever day was Sunday. Because he had stitches on his knee and they kept saying, well, yeah, he was the one at the, did all this crap. And then he got injured early in the game to came back again. So that would have been, can you imagine if he would a brothel's burger would have made that effort and made the tackle, he would have gone all the way, he's sort of touched them. Cool, it's what a one-of-gaming. Then yesterday morning, or Monday morning, it would have said, Oh, the league says the officials were wrong and they made a bad call. We apologize. But what would they have done then? I don't know. Two horrendous calls in a Patriots game and two grotesque calls in that game, which the Patriots deserved to lose, but the still got sure is not the not. I mean, they liked to field up with the Sandy Peyton Mani's ass in that game. Getting really, you should have seen the articles I write even the papers here, yes, that is ripping those of the officiating in that field. It sucks. It blows even with a replay. Even with a replay, this guy looked at that for like about four minutes, and he comes back and makes the wrong call. And that Palamalu guy, whatever, would have heard of it. The Joshua's obsessed with the hero. He didn't think he played a great game, but he thought the hero was really interesting. I don't think they ought to go. Don't you think it's a bunch of credit? He got it, get rid of it. Yeah, get rid of that crap. Okay, this roster garbage and they put ball game, have a little bit decorum. Look like a man, I like some kind of a candy ass. Although he's a great player, I don't care what you say. He's a hell of a player. Palamalu. 1113 at 5, 60 WDQ, anybody have any idea about what we're talking about? Yeah, but it's said we're killing some really good time for you. And no extra charge. Then cost you a dime, listen to this show, and we'll work for the twice the price. It's that time of the year again, why do you made those new years resolutions, especially about that ugly, dangerous fath that'll probably kill your way before your time. Gonna make you diabetic, and then you'll start, oh boy. I don't have to tell you. Well, the beast we're trying to save his life again, this is probably the his life chance. He's on balance for life. He's getting a sack every day, and he's lost five pounds already. He's only been on a few days. He's lost five pounds, and you can do the same, and lose a lot more. What could be easier than getting all your food for the day prepared for you and brought delivered right here door in a little black sack? Three delicious gourmet meals and two snacks. You won't starve on this program. I guarantee that because there's lots and lots of food, and you still lose weight like crazy. This is all based on very dr. Barry series of the zone diet, and balance for life does it for you. That's right. Give you a menu once a week. You pick your meals, lessons for every meal and every snack, and they do all the work, and deliver it all right to your doorstep. So get with it this year. Keep that new year's resolution and give yourself back and release a little bit of health by calling balance for life. Call them now at 123 at 186-225-4543. Imagine your Rogers or QAM and get two free days of food this week. If you make that call right now, 866-225-4543, or get more details on the web at balanceforlife.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 566-226. I'm a Catholic. No. You could be a Big Farmer or an Eris and wind up winning the Bachelor in Paris. ABC found another pretty boy and named for me like you too enjoy. 64 inches and works out at the gym. He's also a doctor, so once wrong with him, why can't Travis find a girl on his own? Maybe he uses a post-ethcobor. So wonder if he has a toenail collection, vote it for me there in the lesson lesson. Cause something has to be wrong with this guy. Maybe he smells like a light in your eyes. Is he meaning? Is he craving? Cause something's just wrong. Maybe underneath his scrubs and got their cubs. You wear the blabby song. All right, you're fair. Why can't he get his own movies and movies? Maybe Dr. Travis torqued as the coo-dee, does he win leather and carry a wig or have a massive colesaur on his lips? When you look at him, he appears attractive. Maybe Dick Orhye's gravy, elect him. Why does he need to go on the TV? Will we find out that he has life or a sea? Maybe he's a changeful girl who trains rent bowls, or maybe the doctor has a third-knit bowl. For his and jumpers of bullies of dork, is our chicken girl when your name is stolen. Is he blinded? Is he blinded? Is he blinded? Or cover? Is he a murderer? Who reads it so matter? Cause what's on his tongue? He's Travis the bat, shall I? I'm a 19. When your name is stolen, it's hard to get the girls. That's my old friend Jim Stewart told me. Not too hard to get guys, but get girls. Anyway, all I says here are facts you know. And look at this from the university, Dodg again. I guess bull can't resist. I'm putting it in for that two-to-four. He's putting on a full-core press. I think the slogan at the little bird whispered my ear was just a... I could be wrong about that. I'm thinking mad dog to the six. It just came to me in a vision. Pay him whatever he wants. Just give a blank check. Facts are from Ray, I believe it is. You know if the coach won on Sunday, the NFL never admits publicly they must up that car. What do you think, Jack? Yeah, true. All right, lunches there already. It's not to me like how he's. It is. It's not like how he's to. Sounds and smells and feels just like how he's in boy when it comes on a way out. You'll know it. That's why I'm sucking powers again. Part number two, Austin and psychic powers, because the ratings coming out to fall, book tomorrow. Oh, boy, the pressure. I wasn't ready for that pressure. Only the 19th, I don't understand how that's possible. That's good point. But that's what they tell us. What do you mean? It's a good point. Well, there's no good rating. The last two weeks of December, the first time we're in January. So it's not this one that comes out really, really late. It's the January trend that'll be real. Anyway. Very important story. Louis and Portante, baby, San Francisco, California, Prosecutor, you've said a man and woman who played the guilty in the infamous Wendy's Chili Finger case, our grifters and deserve the maximum sentence. What is a grifter? I know what a grifter is. What is a grifter? Yeah, a car artist. Streetrunner. You ever heard that before? It's like movies. The grifters. That's kind of interesting. That like the jichies. Very simple. You're right. Grifters are the one who did the three card-monti and they have a whole bunch of scams. They do the full money. If they can. Python. Anna Ayala faces up to nine years a month. Jamie. Pascencia. Could you have to 13 years imprisonment charges? That's his unlucky member. They'd be guilty about a way to speak in a 13. That's on the East Guard A. Meanwhile, school last nights about time. You idiot. And then it leaves the loose good wallet again. They suck. I knew at Eastwood people pleaded guilty in September to charge his time to a pot to put a severed finger in a bullet chili to seek a payout. Scent and, of course, the worst part is that if somebody else is finger. Well, who did you wreck her a hour? Sensing takes place today. In documents file last week in Santa Clara County, prosecutor say Ayala called her sister from jail and tried to retaliate against her son who she's not a given the police a lead. A prosecutor say the boy remained faithful to his mother and never told police what he knew. In the papers, prosecutor said a couple shows a total selfishness and perceived entitlement to other people's money. And it just like Josh Cordister. A defense lawyer said prosecutors try to use media pressure. You're not even a lot of copygating your finger chopped up. Kind of squeeze that five grand out of my faddle day. The space. 567560 pound 560 need Verizon singular wireless line. So many good movies and so little time. So let's see. Do I want to watch American's splendor American history, Ash Lone Star or city of God this weekend? Well, city gods have already had it. But then, you know, recommend American history X. Have a nice scene that was said about it. It's an adnorton is a neo Nazi who gets a less than in life when things don't go his way. I'll be damned. 567560 I was distracted by something on the side. Sorry. By spot naked people in a bathtub. Dominic you I am home. Not there. Shame on you probably watching the same thing. Dominic you I am hello. Well, Neil. Yes sir. For the poll. There's a 911 bootleg you can get on canal, street, New York. And if they don't have it they'll say no more come back to week. And the other thing is that I would put that managed guy in the same category as self park and read across me. Totally unlawful voices. Thank you. Was that one the worst cause in history of talk radio? Absolutely. And that you might have been the worst case here. It's really that's saying a lot. It covers a lot of territory. Uh oh. Don Ho has stem cell treatment. The only flashments is don Ho just turned 146 by the way. What is that crap with her putting everybody's age in there and that WTVJster? What does that mean? I don't know. I think what's his name? Larry Justice. Go to Don Corley on for justice. And super answer for age is from an age. Here you go Larry. Okay. Have nothing with your age that we just sucked on the year. WTVJM. Hello. Any allowary today. Okay, pal. I got two things for you. Yes. One. How do you feel about form films or subtitles? I'm very nervous. I can't stand it. Yeah. My wife maybe you got a one and turned out to be a really great film. I really enjoyed. What was that? The name is called sequestro Express. Okay. I never heard of it. It was a limited release. I thought and kicked and screamed the whole way going. But it turned out to really get enjoyable. Very serious, very heavy with a lot of humor thrown in. Should movie. Second thing for you is, I'm talking about this video. I just walked into some Arabic church man in the Royal Chann and yelling at the stream and I thought you were supposed to be supposed to meet a fight out where you were. Yeah. That's it. That's the right way. You can talk about the head gear. I don't know how many I'm going to pay for Jan. I just want to say something. You know, you do go ahead. You can do the Wondermine parts. I got the instrumental. You got that on there. Shoot that up. Thanks. That has a paper gen. And it will be the lights. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. See how it takes. I was such a bad guy. I had a pulled a drum out of it. I had to bang the drum slowly. That was a bad guy. Now the paper is actually like red hot because it got stuck in air. Man. Oh man. Talk about a paper burn. What is this thing that you sent to me? It says, Diffby. Oh, Josh has got to say the word. I've pony up the light there. Diffby. See. Yeah. On a cable came across twice. You're a cold. A cold. I just careful. You ever have that cold. I just just this morning was never the same after he wrenches. Next. Gagging a sizzling flying. See. And Benny Hanna his widow testified to the in support of a 10 million dollar suit against the restaurant chain. I got to I don't want to rush to this. I'll do this after the break. This is a good story. I believe this. I have to. It's in the new day. Right. This guy wrenches. Next. Gagging a sizzling flying. See. And Benny Hanna. This. He'll rush. This is a story. This is 5. 16. Two. Jesus. This is Dan Radit. Former CBS evening news anchor man. And now. A punch line. My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me. Demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an army air talking him. But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me. First. Bob Sheeper. Nice and up man. But please. He's got less hair than Madonna's armpits. And everyone knows she can't conduct the train if you use roguease. Another name that has been Benny to Bob is John Roberts. Who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news. There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red. He can't be a whole hit. Then there's Scott Pellie from 60 minutes. He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush. I think. Plus he's skinny, urban, Kelly Riffler. And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man. And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply. The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show Coincorca. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.Lo's butchete. Plus her head's too small, the rise of two close together and she wreaks of genete. When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's important to remember. You can't. You can only hope to find someone who is involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance. For now this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you a wish or a blow a gun is to bang. And Katy Curric has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table. This is Dan Rather. To go forget Dan she did say, maybe she'll's rock. Remember that from Furnight and I love it. Maybe she'll's rock. Some of that objective of news reporting about the butcher read the savagery that we're permitting committing and permitting. Anyway, getting back to this story about Jerry Colitis, then that's the Colicle. Careful. No that's his name. See you L.A.I.T.I.S. Colitis. Jerry Colitis was never the same after he rinsed his neck dodging a sizzling flying. See you. At Benny Hanah, his widow testified yesterday in support of his $10 million suit against the restaurant chain. Jacqueline Colitis on the witness-day and in states of Supreme Court in Miniola. New York, said her husband 47 couldn't play with his sons or when drove a case after injuring his neck in January 2001. A little nervous about their couldn't play with his sons. The old birthful resident began seeing doctors until finally having surgery to move a part of his vertebrae, she said. He didn't do anything Jacqueline Colitis said referring to family trips after the surgery. He would spend time in a hotel room. Colitis widow 47 claims in her suit that Benny Hanah's responsible for his death in November 2001 because he hyper-insteaded his neck. While trying to avoid hot food being thrown negligently by a chef at the table in the Muncie Park restaurant, Jerry Colitis suffered from numbness and motor control problems afterward had surgery in NYU Medical Center Manhattan, June 2001. He suffered from a high fever two weeks later and had an exploratory procedure that revealed nothing. But in November he returned the hospital with kidney failure, a respiratory infection and septic shock, according to a hospital document written to the jury by Carlitis Attorney and Ray Farensua Roslin. Doctors couldn't determine the source of the infection that documents said, Charles Khanak of Miniola. I want to face really the Harry Jr. Who couldn't see his right of a paper saying, Charles Khanak of Miniola, Benny Hanah's attorney, contains the restaurant had nothing to do with the death, seeing the infection was unrelated to his neck injury. He noted Colitis had other chronic ailments such as Goutan, probably Colitis. See, he got it wrong. You're supposed to dodge the shrimp. You're supposed to catch the one? See him. Can you catch the one? Catch it in your mouth. There you go. That's the way to do it. If Thompson is the rat, he is my man. He's our main man, capitalillbou.com. Get there or be square. I'm telling you right now. Grab onto it. And the website too. How is Emil Hurst doing, by the way? And then movies on the way to you. I can't believe how Jen Wilson and like 17 bucks. And the other one was only like six. The first thing. The only reason it's that much is because it's last year's movie. It's two or two thousand four. There's no fun with chickens in this movie, is it? No. All right. No. There's no much boy chicken mushroom in this one. There's not a lot of pill mushroom. And yeah, it's not right. All the people that's movie, they have one thing in common. They all chew the drugs. They don't have time to wait for the water or the booze to wash your dinner. There's such a thing. They've got it chewed. That's right. That's how you do it, Rush. Yeah. Put them in ecstasy. And anyway. Bush often met with praise and, and let me say it again. Bush often met with praise, corrupt lobbyist. New picture of Doug Thompson on the radio. Looks about. I wonder what the entichement will tell us about Doug's really 87. Although White House spokes liar, Scott McClub and Cranes lobbyist, Cook the sure Jack Eggman-Moth only met with the administration staff two or three times. The scandal written by our Vince Lewis enjoyed frequent private meetings with President George W. Bush. Referred to Abraham Office one of his administration's greatest friends. In a town where might it just like Kenny Boy, I remember old Kenny Lay? Oh yeah. This is good buddy, Kenny Lay. And now all of a sudden, oh who'd have? We don't know who that is. In a town where money by Zincel is an access, it would have been a highly unusual thing for one of the top fund reasons for the Bush White House to not have had meetings with a president. McClub and a carefully word to response to reporters yesterday said his personal investigation in the matter revealed that Abraham Office may have had two private staff level meetings at the White House. This is the same Scott McClub and who claimed the investigator that the Favrey plainly controlled reporters that neither vice president and chief or anyone on his staff had any involvement in that scandal. Losing a statement of chief of staff's scuder Luby, Luby got sly for the indictment for giving the info to the press. McClub and a scuder liars anyone who was still before the press and mislead reporters on behalf of a president failed to mention Abraham Office frequent visits to the president's ranching corporate taxes. The private meetings at the lobbyist arranged with a president on the 2004 campaign trail and if the Republican National Convention at year. White House visitor laws are not public record and the Bush administration keeps several laws of hisers to 1600 Pennsylvania. The other locations like can't David or the president's own. An addition logs can't offer our revised when scandal erupts and you know what the water notes he says don't mess with my log. Or is it don't F I'm sorry don't F with my log. Right. But Abraham Office raised more than $100,000 for Bush and last campaign promised big-time donors face time with a president delivered on those promises during the convention. An additionally traveled to Bush's ranching taxes with his co-conspirator and crime former House majority leader Tom Delay. A former Delay staffer was cooperating with the investigation into both Abraham Office and made a square CEO P leaders activities as told investigators that Abraham Office and Delay visited Bush at his ranch on at least four occasions in 2003 and four. It's common for big money contributors to get personal meetings with the president as the GOP's annual presidential dinner in Washington. Those who pony up at least 25 grand are hustled into a room before the dinner for time and photo ops with the president. Abraham Office kept the photo of he and Bush out of the Crawford Ranch in his office in Washington. The autograph from Bush did to my great friend Jack. Del Nali, a campaign worker in the 2004 Bush-taining election campaign, we call them meeting between Bush and Abraham Officer and campaign stop in Florida. He put his arm around Abraham Office and told us that this man is one of the administration's greatest friends, Nali, we call. And now they declined to job in a Bush administration return to school after the election. Remember some in the campaign, probably calling you a blow off a sneeze ball. That campaign taught me that I never wanted anything to do with the Bush administration politics again, Nali said, No matter how many showers I took, I couldn't wash away the stench. Oh, how do you like that? That a beautiful thing no matter how many showers he took no matter how much comic cleanser he could wash away the stench. Thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of your sister. Rectom. Oh, yeah. Really does. Nice going. And that's Henry Burrow just turned the 85 according to Juni Fleshman, and just also turned the scale at 400 pounds. For last time we saw him, he looked like a monster in the news business, didn't he? Yes, he did perfectly round. This is not a guy that was ever at. I wouldn't say he was slim, but he was like, yeah, a little normal. He wasn't, wasn't a little pleasantly plump for a guy, his age for an old fart like him. And then we see him years later, and he looked like somebody stuck on bicycle pump up his ass and just like, you're a raco and pump them, pump like the crow would say. When you're idle, he's not my idle. Henry, I've thought you're talking about the crow. I would do like ericidal a lot. Two bad that we don't have a lot more money Python in the fans. I mean, there's a lot, but it should be a lot more. And the only Bridge for the sense of humor, we said to course the Queen mom and she's dead. She had a great sense of humor for an old big one. 559. Yeah, she'd say this old queen would like you Queen's downstairs to cut the crap and bring me a drink. She was a real hoot and a snappy dresser. For me, listening to Neil Rogers is a guilty pleasure because I'm not a lot of three 67. I'll thank you, and for that. 65.6% of the Saudis aren't bigoted old farts or green tooth, whatever these are. Cranky old farts 40, employed by another radio station 26, 20 say, Sunday like that. Gunhugger 23, Hawkish Republican 18, right wing Christian 16. I'll pray for you. Redneck 14, Faghator 12, Tans been nine. Do you make an eight mom? We got eight Jamaicans, Mom. Oh, my God. I hope they find a good machine and go back to where they came from in it. Or a green tooth Cuban eight, not these civilizations seven, or Thadak's Jews six. And last but not least, Catholic, we got five Catholics out there including course your post-Personal friend. This is Neil Rogers. It's like this. This is a one-cheese. Immacodant. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hawkey authority. Neil Gaugh. Ben Pitt, you probably can't find anyone who hasn't heard that he's had quite a year. The end of his marriage and the new co-star. So, let me try some of these questions. All right. Let's go. First one questions. Why did your marriage end? She pretends cough, masking and explosive. I'd do I need to go on. Do you want more? Yeah. She brought me to you. And, uh, let's, I mean, I should have better than that. Absolutely. That's nice. The dance of the lineage, I'll leave break up your dance. Absolutely. I'm more excited. I'm more excited with the sign signs, Brad Pitt. The interview. Research. Yeah. I'm excited. You know, I'm excited. You know that expression in the Mollmites dude? Absolutely. Absolutely. Everybody in their brothers loves the Mollmites dude. You love that for us anyway. And he also left. Oh, do it. And as well. He took the toy. 13th Hill noon at five, six. You know, for you, Curtis Stevenson, for the departed Mollmian. And I'm going to have to ween myself off of that, the Mollmites dude. And all that stuff. No, no, no, no. No more. You were creatures of heaven, you keep you all for five years now. The Mollmian, too. Well, no, no Moll. Man, that. Manchester, Pennsylvania. Speaking of kitty cats. I've can't interrupt a cat in that possibly saving two lives. I don't believe a cancer, Drrden, a boxer rocks. Gene pool and a nine month old granddaughter were dosing to the in pools home in the numerous states of mobile home park in Manchester, Pennsylvania. Pool 70 year old cat, princess woke them up, meowing loudly. Yeah. Loudly. For there, disgusting cats. Oh, run. What were you planning? I'm trying to get him. Yeah. Oh, pool got up, smelled smoke under crackling flames. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Anyway, the cat woke me up. I don't know if I'd have smelled a smoke otherwise pool said or right. And fire fire is found flaked flames were shooting through the roof. Scott Glass, my assistant chief of the Newbury Township Fire Company said the blades apparently started accidentally in trash can outside ignited the underside of the mobile home, spread inside the sighting and broke through the interior. There's a scene in imaginary heroes where, uh, Sigourney Weaver is going to the house of this punk that's beaten up or hidden in school all the time. And she goes in there and then you tread and their mobile home and their trailer. Right. And she goes storming in the trailer trash that pick of a mother is sitting there on the couch. And she gives them a lecture and their kids like lurking in the side of the room. And then when just before she walks out she says, nice trailer. Oh, ah, oh, the little party man. Yeah, a little strut there. A little shot right at the end. Nice trailer trash. Speaking of very important stories. Ann Arbor Michigan. Speaking of, oh, right over to your man, it's two to six starts tomorrow on QAN whether he likes it or not. What was that with the Humphrey saying he would advise him against it? I say, Nanya, Nanya, business hank, just but out. We're trying to get it out in a word when he line up here. And especially with those numbers come out tomorrow, I don't feel real good about this book. So, you wanted to watch because he said we used to get screwed by Arbitron. I'm right. Why it is, but just about the same. Yeah, they don't like this. I guess that's because we're not the Christmas kind of people. All the heathens on the show. Well, it's Christmas time and even Chinooka time and heathen bastards, don't fit in the ambiance of December so if it's right. Screw you. Whatever number you're going to be divided by two and subtract six, especially Jew. That's right. And Arbitron, me, Shigan, a pair of recent university-mission graduates are each five thousand dollars richer for being the best of the national tournament involving a campus drinking game popular among many college students. Jason Cobain and Nick Velocari, so the champions of the World Series of Beer Pong, which took place earlier this month. There are last wages. The two be that more than 160 other competitors, but the $10,000 grand prize. Well, a lot of degenerates, one of them vagus, you know. Coincidence? Beer Pong is played this way. While standing, tears attempting to toss a ping pong ball into cups that are partially filled with beer at the end of the table. It's a pair of secs. There are opponents that are forced to drink the beer in the cup. Got it? It's like quarters. Like that kid with a ping-call ball in his back-to-one hockey player. Remember that? Beer Pong is made the transition from house party game to being featured event in bars that host tournaments. Well, you talk about the boredom killing business. Just like this poker craft on TV. I mean, thank goodness we're reading that finally that that's in its waning days, just like the insurgency and a rack. Company self-custom design beer pong tables and really the private you ever played this yash? Of course. Of course. Yeah, they, you know, it's a big college game, you know. I forgot you were alive. We simply quarters in my day, but you know, could we didn't have ping pong balls? Didn't have balls? No. Company self-custom design beer pong tables and really the private day. Much in the eyes of a beer pong pair of fanaties held the world series of beer pong. Quittershade a game and chord just binge drinking. All right. But Tobin and Vesela were very similar to not about irresponsible drinking. They say it's a good way to have a good time with friends. It's like tanked darts that have our coventually and our benus. Covent and Veloceros picked up the games several years ago. Covent was a swimmer at Michigan and all the, you know, about them. And Vesela was a wrestler and you were all about them. And they got to know each other to be athletic community. I thought I was showers together no doubt. Yeah. Oh, man. When they were old enough to go to bars, they brought the game with them and played Among friends and the game too. Eventually, they did to begin helping to organize weekly tournaments and an arbor and if salani. Ever been to if salani? No. Oh, man. You don't want to go there. If you know I worked a week at a radio station if salani. That's quite a story. I took it someday. We got time. At the National Tournament, Covent and Veloceros were spotted by campus area bar. The Brown jug. Not the little Brown jug. Just the big Brown jug, which paid the $550 entry free. The bars owner, Perry, Porecos, agreed to put up the money. He said, Covent and Veloceros are a regular customers. They've helped them in a pinch at the bar. The two paid their own airfare and trying to pay up to pay back Porecos and their winnings. They also were teachers for the bars name during the competition. They were a little bit busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were a little busy. They were up there like a swift 920. Like I said, Josh wants to apologize for a few slayers. I apologize. Groups via lawsuits over Eves dropping. Two leading civil rights groups got lawsuits yesterday against the Bush administration over its domestic spine program to determine whether the operation was used to monitor 10 defense lawyers, journalists, scholars, political activists, and other Americans with ties to the Middle East. The two lawsuits of the first major court challenges to the Eves dropping program. They were filed separately by the ACLU and Federal District Court in Detroit. And by the Center for Constitutional Rights and Federal District Court in Manhattan. Both groups are seeking to have the courts heard an immediate end of the program, which the group says illegal and unconstitutional. The Bush whatever happened to a jar of legal, by the way. He's around. Still got his pants. Still doing movement. He was just in that Alexander movie, which is really horrible, but he's working. He's working good. He's working it. He'll be in some weight back. He won't play a game. He's working it. He'll be in some weight back. He won't play a game. He'll be in some weight back. The Bush administration has strongly in the Jennifer County with 62 soaking wet. Even as we go into the way, I had to call that, but I'll pass. Okay, El Paso, George might be monitoring today. The Bush administration has strongly defended the legal and necessity of the surveillance program. A official said the justice department would probably oppose the lawsuits on national security grounds. The Department of Officials wouldn't come and instes the civic individuals. It might have been single about the NSA program, and said the department would review the lawsuits once they're filed. Oh, yeah. The lawsuit seeks to answer one of the major questions surrounding the eavesdropping program. Has it been used solely to single out the international phone calls and email messages of people in old links to Al Qaeda as first in Bush and most of the senior advisors say, Or has it been abused in ways that civil rights advocates say could heartback to the political spying abuses of the 60s and 70s. No doubt of the other man is spying on him. Cookie eating subversives out there in San Diego. Anybody certainly on this show, anybody connected with even the sales holes. By the way, good advice to some of the sales people. I won't be there much too long. Probably shouldn't have said that. But I'm glad I did. Well, now what Hank said yesterday is going to be like a major purge back there. I'm like, I've got to say it. I've got to urge to purge. Yeah, the urge to purge. That's what Joe Bell's got. He's got the urge to purge. And that's what most people used to have after they went to lunch with Greg. And that's sushi place. For me, listening to the O'Rages is a guilty pleasure because I'm not in the above 65 and a half percent, but what do you think? Well, cranky old fart 42. Employed by another radio station, 26. I still know that's what we've had all long, 26. Yes, that's it. Gun, 126. Talkish Republican 21. Right wing Christian 16. Redneck 15. Fagheter 13. Who enjoyed that movie a lot though, by the way. Fair back Mountain. Catholic 11. Old Green tooth cube a nine. Clans ben nine. Jamaican eight. Mon. Nazi's give it to the other seven or throcks use seven. And also how well we got the balance there. Isn't that beautiful thing? It's the year and the yearning man. Nazi civilizing seven or throcks use seven. They're going to kill them with a stale mottable. This is no. This is five sixty-four. Where it be that world of the world are on WQA. People that are young. Can it really be? It's Bradford's birthday. And that Julina Julina. Fuck that man the rumors say it happened. Exactly well we don't know when. I can't wait to hear until it runs loose. Just give it to Miss Adams down. I is actually a friend. Can't see is that the plane is pregnant. So I can't feel the speed. That's gonna go out and buy everything. Crimson bits and rings and rings. Can you imagine me in a pregnant? Where my God is that the plane is Bradford's birthday. She's due. I'm not a fashion rat but have you lost your mind. You're my favorite fairy girl. So I guess mother nature. Cos the slip of the ocean me. And Bradford thinks. Don't you ever have found me. And watch out for the sky. This is what she wanted. She said you were dead. You were dead. Now, come on. Come on. I told you. Bradford makes that. And mad demon. They were going to be in there doing a little something. 5 6 7 0 5 6. After one of the things in the closet. I'm going to be in my pile. Well, I kind of like your pile. You really. You take those out. Oh, yeah. I want to take all these. Call. We just had the noon break there. A lot of people go to lunch. Like her sales department. 5 6 7 0 5 6. By the way, it's been nice working with the Acurdist Raymond. Yeah. Burt. Sales manager. I don't think you're going to see him. No. That will teach him not to like your confagulate with a people on the air. How do you like selling a vacuum? Like selling in a bottle. You know how people put like a ship in a bottle? Yeah. How do you like selling a bottle? Or like a passion to a lot of people that we just. On the bottle. WM Hello. Yes, sir. First time I saw that work. And it's come see comes off. So, so. Yeah. You should really see American history. I got to written down. It's in my pile. All right. I thought we'd you pile. Okay. Thanks. He said come see come saw. I don't think young people enjoy it. No, we're anybody in the age of 100 like me. I'll know George liked it. He's in my part. I'm old. He's an old geaser man with get grayer with a walker. Uh, Johnny Fliessman's a George's turn 72 by the way. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. It's just the point. I like to make about that movie. Broke back now. Yes. I never seen it. Well, I, I, I, I looked in the book. I read part of the book. You know, you're a original reason. The Cowboys started their anti-fanky. What's that? You got tired of holding down on screen and she. Fucking George used to them out. I didn't let those down. Find a couple drinks. Come along. Uh, boy. WQAM. Hello. I'm good to help. Yes, sir. How are you doing? All right. You know that 31 days from today, the cell phone numbers are being released to telemarketing companies. Great. It starts at one point. Yeah. To get on the, uh, the no call list. The numbers 88838212222. It goes in effect in 31 days. And that number, you'll be off the list for five years. So they can't call yourself on. Thank you. Are there. What's the number again to get on the no call? It is 8883821222. Very simple. Little recording. Like one minute. And last few of putting yourself on number. And then you're done. And you have to wear your two two when you make that call or they're going to check it out. I'll show you how I appreciate it. But. 88838212222. Now what you said, I think I worked that down wrong. I got 3821222. It's like this. Yeah. 8883821222. That's what this should be. 2 2 of me saying. I wonder what his cell phone number is. He's still alive. Bishop 2 2. He sure is man. He's still a stir in the pot. And what's his name is smoking it? Lee. Well, what's his name? And Nelson Mandela. Oh. Finally, welcome to the Abraham Solomon show. I'm saying to my name. Just, you know, just for this last couple of months between now and actually it's only about a month and 12 days. You throw that big march for a 30th anniversary show. Not a man. Not. Stop. What's that CD coming by the way? Have another word about that. Coming along just fine. Is it really? Is we get a lot of it? Okay. It's percolating. And just make sure he doesn't put some of the stuff on there that like remember the woman was talking about that. And I'm sure that that was a set up call about kind of a leisure and that's what I'm going on like that. We'll be here and there was no mole. That's the last thing we need to start that similar over. Because I'm sure that there's some people out there with a lot of idle time on their hands. Oh, those are those suspicious or anything like that. There would have nothing mold but a new a start of whole pile of crap again. And I say underline again. You know, the fact that he was allowed to pull the stuff. And again, most of it was off the year. On the air was certainly an asking of, but that's on the airstick. But the stuff that went on behind the scenes was so grow test again positively. On believable or like on believable. That you'd probably any people would fall off your chair right now. Where would you be sitting at? Moreen down, right? So looking for a democratic tough guy or a girl. And we sure like marine doubt a lot. All we should take line nine first. It'll be fast. 2 a.m. Hello. That's it. That's it. The story writes that Democrats were throwing haymakers at the White House this week. But they'll never succeed as long as they're perceived as the party in skirts. Al Gore, John Kerry and Hillary Clinton called the Bush administration on its apparently bottomless story of imperial sins. They made a lot of good points to distance score any. The trio apparently, dropping for O8, are not the best messengers that are loaded down with baggage. Two of them will could have stopped W. and Dick Cheney before they undid 230 years of mercenhamocracy. Didn't, because they allowed themselves to be painted as girly men. The other a manly girl. Oh, she is so good. The other a manly girl has been so cautious and opportunistic about weighing in on everything from shy vote to lead to an erect. That once he finally sang out on Monday and rale against W. She sounded more surprised than Bassoprofundo. It was easy for the Republicans to play their usual gender games and this missed the three democracies. Wine, each real and ineffectual. After Mr. Gore and Senator Clinton went on the attack, Scamma Kull and rebutted, I think we know one tends to like or enjoy grabbing headlines. The other one sounds like the political season may be starting early. He rubbed Mr. Gore's nose in the fact that he's not the president finding the terrorist noting, if he wants to be the voice for Democrats on this debate over national security, we welcome it. To lead and not just conduct campaigns that turret the liberal elites and the territorial pages, you have to shape your own identity and political destiny. And ever since the 2000 race, the Democrats have let Republicans cure their minds as a femonate. You're fairy! The Democrats have let the GOP give them their shape and its an hourglass. There are moments in campaigns in policy debates when it's possible to not to sort out of your opponents hand, Al Gore and John Kerry Wifth. Mr. Kerry and Senator Clinton held the president's coat as he rushed to war. This all allowed the Bushies to use 9-11 as a shield and a bludgeon, and made their own rules and cast themselves as renegade heroes. At the Democrats are likely deserving desperate housewives, the Republicans have come across like the counterterrorism agent Jack Bauer on 24. Fast with a gun, loose with the law, willing the torture and the name of protection, except Jack Bauer is competent. The Democrats' chronic influence, like the liberal Republicans, reign of incompetence. U.S. knows in World Report features a menacing, big-chany, looking like a man who just swallowed a country. On the cover this week with a headline, tough guy. The story recounts how Mr. Cheney's Bush's Bush-1's defense secretary, derided law makers as a bunch of annoying nats. Maybe that's why he doesn't feel the need to pay attention to silly little laws they make. How many things do you have to mess up in the country in the world before you lose your reputation for muchismo? Al Gore, we laterally, perhaps made an uncorrected, uncharacteristically bold move. He made the completely valid point that the president of the United States has been breaking the law repeatedly and insistently. To eavesdrop on American citizens without a warrant in prison American citizens on his own declaration, kidnapped and tortured, then what can he do? He told the audience on Monday denouncing Bush's power grant. He ordered Republicans that they should be wary of setting these extra legal presidents because some day, later with the values of warrant, then could for all that power to use. Mr. Cheney lumbering around in unreality continues to be unapologetic as the course of democratic complaints gets louder. Above the laws exactly where he wants to be, even when he can easily and retroactively get snooping warrants, he doesn't want their stinking warrants, warrants are for sysis. When the all gets too tending, when we get all through ten years from now he told US News, we'll look back at this period of time and see that liberating fifty million people, and Afghanistan and Iraq, we did represent a major fundamental shift. Obviously, in US policy in terms of how we dealt with emerging terrorist threat, and it will also have fundamentally changed circumstances in that part of the world. But not necessarily for the better. Whatever else you can say about the Bush crowd, they stick to their guns, even when it can't shoot straight. That's worrying dad, that's her two cents. Those girly men, those Democrats man. You know, Al Gore, he's the one, he's the one you can put most of the blame on. Even when I was talking big time, Mr. Big Shot, finally, it works up after all this time. Just look at that scene again and, how dare they drag those good things off the United States of America, who's a man of Saddam Hussein, torture, prison. Just look at that scene in Furnit 9-11 again when they black caucus, the different members keep getting up there, one after the other, and begging and pleading for one second to come forward and sign a resolution that I'm certifying to resolve to the fixed election in 2000. And here's Al Gore, as Vice President, he's presiding over to Senate, and he's a client-agabble and low-domal off. Right then in there, he handed the US away over to the fascists. He just handed to him on a platter. Him and all those other people that wouldn't stand up. Yeah, all the 100% signature that he needed, all 100 senators, including Ted Kennedy and John Kerry, and Al Gore himself, of course, being the senator, he could assign it, but then again, we're seeing self-serving, I guess, but nevertheless he could have done it, and he should have done it. Hey, Al, you, please, ladies, you're fairy pathetic. I was thinking about pathetic politicians and there are so many, but Ray Nagin had in Louisiana, New Orleans, man. He isn't, well, we knew he was an idiot when we saw his behavior during our Katrina, right? Well, there was no doubt about it for a few minutes, and then he went all bananas. Now, he was an agent, he was in a civilen, he was the one I was telling him, well, I'll go to the Superdom, and then go to the civic arena, whatever it had that arena was, and then they got there, nobody knew what that was going on. And then, of course, there was Brownie Brown, well, he didn't know anything about it. So, in the heck of a job, Ray, anyway, Ray Nagin says he apologized for urging residents to rebuild a chocolate New Orleans, saying you can't have New Orleans no other way. Not only is he in companies, he's also illiterate. I apologize! I'm going to start with some people took that, the way they did, and that was not my intention, the mayor, and I say everybody's welcome, but the darker the better. Nathan added that he never should have used the term chocolate. Across the hurricane Katrina Roberts City, and by the way, it said toilet there, it's just unbelievable. And when Bush was there a few days ago, remember that? They took him through the upscale, 20-20 hoods, and never got really much damage from the hurricane, and he never went anywhere near all that, most of the city that's like an outdoor toilet. And he wouldn't go to that neighborhood before, he wasn't going to go there now. That's where Dan Scher, not his kind. Across the hurricane Katrina Roberts City, many voices of this pleasure with the mayor's money, where Mark said he Martin Luther King's junior day speech. One website even began peddling T-shirt showing, making with the top hat along with the caption, making them the chocolate factory. Starting Johnny Depth. I love that. Resident Alice Gerhol called Nick and Scamons. Stupid and pitiful. He used the wrong Gary product to describe us, where Mornier, Paulitt and Doc Chocolate Gerhol said, it doesn't do the city and it kind of justice. Aisha Johnson says he doesn't take the mayor's comments when he's certainly inflammatory, just out of line. He should have showed his words more carefully, she said, how about like Mocha would have been better? But some residents like Anna Kendrick were angered, pissed off and fired up. You can't reenit the city if your comments are going to divide the city. A Kendrick said. His remarks falling to the line of inappropriate statements to the mayor, his mates had civil arrested attorney Tracy Washington. She said she's too trying to figure out what the mayor is going to say on off the cuff any given day. He's an idiot, this is what he is. Let's see, heard says, are you sure it is the wise to send a private cell phone to a 1-800 number? Could be a way for some scender to camp your by 50 million numbers. I don't know, I'm not getting involved. So whatever that's all about, that was the call of this. We have nothing to do with it, right? I'm going to wait and see. Yeah, wait. Wait and see, I'm sure that some legal legal out there, some haven will advise us on that. Remember, everyone we had a call for the, for our regular house phones, right? The no call for our soliciting. If you do any good, no, because if you do any business like with a credit card company or a bank or a a whore house, whatever might be massage power, then they got to write to target. And those are the ones that call you anyway, most of the time, not on 10 times. And those are the boiler rooms, they still call you, they don't care about the law. I mean, they're going to scan you anyway. Exactly, because they're here today and going on a few days anyway, by the time they find out where the calls are coming from, there's an empty room, a room, and they're long gone. 1213 at 560, WQA, where we got the Curtis Stevens in, they view on, well, we didn't know what's going on, two to four today. Mad dog four to seven is his last day in those hours of he doing two to six starting tomorrow or else. Hey, if you want to lose some weight this year, you can try all kinds of diets, but I'll snack people we know about dieting inside a note. But the answer is, if you want to be satisfied and full balance for life can really do the job for you, the beast we're trying to save his life getting ready for his wedding day, keep my life at least until that day. And he's lost five ponds already and you can do a lot better. Worker be better than getting all your food, cooked and prepared for you, and delivered right to you during a little black sack every day. If you're working your home where we hang it up, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and you lose weight like crazy. This is the deal. You're not starving all day long. All those diets, if you like you're being depraved and depraved and just that's why I can't stay on them. But what balance for life, the food is delicious and believe you me, it'll keep you on the ass, straight in your own path. So to the smart thing, okay, sign up for balance for life, get a weekly menu of menu selection, meal selections, and you pick out what you want for every snack every meal. Give them the zone with balance for life by calling 866-225-4543. Check them on the web at balanceforlife.com and if you're all right now, mention the arirajers at QM. You'll get two days of food free, this week's a business serious cash. So call balance for life right now at 866-225-4543. We sure tell them that the beast told you to call. This is meal rangers. This is 566-866. You're gonna get it. Yo, what's up? This is Marcus Vitt, full of Virginia Tech and soon to be NFL quarterback. Yo, have you heard about the hottest new deaths in the ghetto? Uh-oh. Well, yo, do me one favor, baby. Lay on the ground. Uh-oh. No problem. Snap! That's close. Stop! What? The new deaths is close. Stop! You lay your holes on the ground and stop on the ground. Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap! I said it's close. Stop! Stop! That's right, baby. This is Marcus Vitt saying. Stop them holes. Stop! From my teen at 566-225, you're finishing up a story here. Look at this, 2002 memo, doubted you, rainy and sick of playing. Huh. Why did you mention that in passing? I mean, what did that Joe Wilson know anyway? And that's a Valerie playing the playing game. How come we're not here in no more about that? Shut up, Connie. I'm sorry. Or, uh, no more about Jack Abramoff and all of those things. No more about the Duke, honey and the Duke. Now, when you think of the British, what do you think about in terms of teeth? Oh, uh, bad. Yes. Why is it that the birds have such bad teeth? Maybe because of their diet, because of that bad cuisine that they, to the their genes or their high genes, too much toad in the hole, if you ask me. But anyway, this story from the BBC will really send you. Dennis led partner drill teeth, a dentist from southeast London who led her on qualified boyfriend, treat patients has been struck off. I don't know what that means. If you could see the pictures these two, yeah, at the teeth, it makes the word not not the smiling. They both will move. Uh, me as, uh, in Pamela and Winston-Movians. They're so grotesque. Mojan Azari, I followed her lover Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed, and he'd be a mosaway to work on more, allow her, allow her, allow her, the names of throw me, allow her, allow her, allow her to work on more than 600 patients, leaving many in agony. He drilled out cavity. That's kind of like a human dentist in South Florida, isn't it? Right. Life is his option. Right. And doctors, he drilled out cavities without local anesthetic and plastic surgeons, and installed expensive fillings that crumbled within days. He drilled out cavities without local anesthetic. He drilled out cavities without local anesthetic. The doctor charged the NHS for the vulnerable working out of the NHS in procedures. And her believes they've made 120,000 pounds. It's almost like a quarter of a million dollars from the scan. Azari, 39, a Swedish Arrayanian, was barred from practicing in the UK by the general dental counsel for a serious professional misconduct. She ran dental practices in North Korean, Tall's Hills, South London, where she employed her partner in dental contact between 2002 and 2003. She led her to a lot more business, I guess. In March 2005, Azari from Beckinham Kent was jail for 12 months by Southward Crown Court after cleaning guilty of obtaining money by deception. A media maserai, 42 an Iranian national and a real grotesque local concreter from East Dolewich, Southeast London, received a two year sentence after many similar offenses. The GDC considered claims that Azari did not take any radical steps to check that a media maserai was a qualified dentist. It was alleged she allowed him to continue treating patients despite promising the correct and primary care trust in 2003. He would stop. I like that. I think it's nitpicking though. You know local anesthetic, especially times where a couple of them a few days. I think you know, maybe a dentist. I got a good dentist here though now. I need to find a good doctor. Because you know, I'm getting ready for that big day. For that guy out there who is hobby is going to people's funeral. I have no luck. Man, some of these people are just really scary, isn't it? Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. I mean, all you got to do is listen for 10 minutes or more when we take her calls and then show that tells you all you need to know about South Florida, about America, about the human race, about the future of this planet right there. Let's take somebody's really important calls now. Oh, not him. That's because I was threatening, you know, when I go on these rampages. Sir, what an oldest heavy duty stuff. And of course, always it you were urging by the way. That's right. Are you threatening me? 567560,<|th|>560, Levi's in singular wireless line. There's now one person in this audience that saw Primeville. No one guy saw Primeville fear and certainly not imaginary heroes. It would never admit that. And that was just 2004 and that's a relatively new flick just a year and a half ago. Somebody to QA and movie line, hello. QAM? Oh, yes sir. I know. I got to blow my nose. Bye. Go right ahead. Okay. Blow this. 567560,<|th|>560, Levi's in singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Okay. Um, this reaction is very good, by the way. Okay. My question is, are you taking so core or no? Absolutely not. I wouldn't take any of those drugs if you paid me by the pill. I'll try to see it. That's what I'm saying. 567560, what's the plan for Scott to do with Zoko? Is there a call list for a statin drug man? Okay, so don't even do it. I'm not listening to my doctor he asked me while he had my first draw. How high is the cholesterol? I don't mind for my wife. Oh, well, how high is her cholesterol? Do something, I don't know what the name became. Well, two say it could be like two 10 or could be two 90, I mean, there's a big difference. Sorry, 250. Is it 250? No, I think it's like 135. I can do this for if your wife's cholesterol is 135, then find a nice pine box. Okay. Under 140 without taking any medication under 140 is considered like the deadline for cholesterol. I mean, what's the, what would I know about any of these things though? I'll tell you what I do know is I wouldn't take those statin drugs. I'm not giving any advice. You do whatever you want out there, whatever you're doctor tells you. Always trust you doctor. Right. Right. You can find one. Find a real one in Florida. But nevertheless, the statin drugs are killers and a much more, unless you're like extremely obese. Your cholesterol is really way up there and your LDL is really, and a lot of the stuff that I read, of course, from people who are like, you know, quacks. They say the LDL cholesterol is make all that much difference unless it's really like over 200 really grow test that it's a low HDL and high triglycerides. That's it. Why are you talking about this? Because that last guy stuck on me to tell me. Right. High triglycerides? Right. Well, if you do the antkins, your triglycerides will be nice and low. Or if you do balance for life and don't eat that dog or canoos. How many QAM hello? Get at me on the radio. How many QAM hello? QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. Hello. I like the statin's joints for two. How many QAM? QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good evening. I just need to call when you're on the air because of the question I had to. There's a skip you play with the lady who's driving and she's got down and say it's if I can say it the third and the back. Yeah. Do you know what if you're best of new CDs? No. Maybe I'll put that on the L1 this year. To be our third. It's a contender. I haven't heard it in a while. It's a classic. Okay. We'll give it some consideration. It sits in the running. It's in the silent running. You want to put that on there? Sure. I was not on one before. To be our third. I think it was. But you know what that goes. Oh boy. The long arm of the law. 26 pass noted. 560 WQM if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid. If your new year's resolution is to get you just life turned around and get you a new high pain career that act now do something about it. Pick up the phone and call fast train and 86 fast train. And it gets you trained already for that new high pain career just a few short months. That's correct. You can get that new high pain career in just a few short months. Your life and it'll turn it right around for you. The man for medical coding specialist and computer professionals is in all time high and no pretty fast train offers can be in day evening and weekend classes. Job placement as assistant sent an ancillary for people who qualify. So pick up that phone and call fast train. Now at 86 fast train. They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005. Check fast train on the way. But fast train.com. But act now. Or to get that new high pain career because classes are from up mighty fast. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. So one 86 fast train and make the nearest resolution to get yourself a life of reality this year. One 86 fast train and be sure and tell them Todd Breck for the recall. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Two. What is it about? I'm heart of right swing for my eyes. Absolutely. Well, he knows all the questions by your past. Yes. Will he come back with a sense of fighting? And will he end all of a year? One's name. Uh-huh. I'm the thief over to the juggins. Will he not? I thought it would search peace. Come there for a good time. Or to drown. Will he make us right in jail for life? Yes. Should we lie to leave so many people? No. With the most empty tone. Wish we were standing by him forever. What's weird? That's a good thing. What an weekend. That's a Christmas card. Daddy. Just a generic one. You know, not no personal comments. They're like a used to write them in CDs. Like loving kisses and. Oh, yeah. It's a little lipstick on it. Right. lipstick traces. What is it? A long story. My God. Seminal questions. As scholars question the place of new to the in marriage. Islamic cleric. How about debating exactly what sexual practices are acceptable? Although you'd say practice makes perfect. And haven't because they have like 80 million kids. Those Muslims. I'm not really sure which religion is the most annoying and ridiculous to me. All of that magic carpet thing. That just sends me an organ. They're on their rock and on the carpet. A lot of rock and going on. Yeah. First you got the. What do they call them? Those churches that are communicative or they're like doing the old. Dances up and they what are they call those. What kind of dance. That's what they got seen by this dance in their pants. It's a black church is what they call that. I'm talking about what? Yeah. Now you know what I'm saying. Yeah. We got the orthodox user. Dabbing it to walk and back and forth. Like they got an answer in their pantalones too. And then we got the Muslims who those are carpets. They got them too. And they're sticking to each other's ass up in the ear for their face. Right. They're all brother. Man. And of course with the diet today. Can you imagine those falafel parts? It's probably falafel. Wow. And smell awful too. But before that. Supreme court sends the back name. Only Hampshire abortion case. I'm not really well today. I'm wondering if that's all about. Throw the sign. Huh? Who? Maybe it's a sign. Maybe I should just take all the calls. What do you say? Starting to rip it. Yeah. Yeah. Like what on six is good. WDQAM. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Hey. How are you? Okay. I think you mistake it better. Is that what it is? Were they do the they're all dancing and jumping up and down? I think that is. They hold their hands up there and stick to each other. Something to that amount. Oh that's a lot of money. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Charlie. Watch yourself. Oh yeah. Now they also handling the snakes and those churches. You know, one of them, those holy roars. Yeah. There's a link for that. The pentacosal of the one that's speaking tongue. But I know what you're talking about. What are speaking in tongues? All right. The black person. Where they do can drive. I don't know if there's a name for that other than just black. That's just, you know, crazy people. And enthusiastic. Uh, crazy, enthusiastic enthusiastic. Yeah. And that crazy as hell. But a hell of a nice textory racket going baby. Which relations that we've done that pull before. Maybe it's time to bring that one back again. Which religion has the best dancing? Yeah. Which religions got the best rhythm. She ran to cathartol religion. That rhythm method. He worked in sugar at all. And a pope knows it. To work straight for making babies. That could all really, I'll read a man. The US Supreme Court today ordered a federal appeals court to take a fresh look at an hamster law requiring parental notification before a minor's abortion, ruling unanimously that the lower court went too far and striking down the entire law when a more limited remedy was possible. The opinion written by just a Saturday will counter broke no new ground on abortion issue that figured prominently in Senate Conference in areas last week for the fascists Samuel Alito Jr. who's been nominated to replace her. It was the first time in abortion case reaches Supreme Court since 2000 when O'Connor casted a signing vote and struck down in Nebraska law that banned a type of later mabashin. We do not revisit our abortion presence today. The rather redress a question of remedy O'Connor wrote in the opinion of a. O'Connor's time-turned-out of Northern New England. That's Clarence A. I'll be used to drive a checks and harness raceway. Framing the issue was the appropriate judicial response of Raffi Colle at driving. If regulating access to abortion would be unconstitutional in medical emergency. She said, we hold that invalidating the statute entirely is not always necessary or justified. For lower courts, maybe able to render narrow into territory and injunctive relief. You understand what she said now? The court decided nine-decyptus in the case back to the US Court of Appeals for the first Court of Appeals for the first time in the state of New England. The case had been closely watched by other states that have laws requiring parental modification or approval for a minor abortion and oral argument. The state's requirement for parental approval. I say, my young witnesses. I'll speak to that all at sexual hanky pinky. This is a long story that goes on forever, but of course it has to do with sex. So the audience obviously will sit glued to the radio now, literally and figuratively. This is from Mother Guardian UK. As scholars question the place of nudity in marriage, Islamic cleric are highly debating exactly what sexual practices are acceptable rights-bry and wittaker. I wonder if he's kind of a jackwittaker. What's the guy the Jewels' Jewelers' Jewelers' Jewelers' Jewelers' and the a-helpful-dub-quack, doctor? Tuning's wittaker. You're saying this, but don't. A curious religious debate is raging in Egypt. The question is, should you keep your clothes on when having sex? It began when Dr. Rashid Khalil and expert on Islamic law from Al-Azhar, University in Cairo, warned that being completely naked during it, of course, invalidates a marriage. His ruling was properly dismissed by other scholars, including one who argued that anything that can bring spouses closer to each other should be permitted. Another religious scholar suggested it was okay, in other words, don't be doing it through the walls, probably not a good idea. Another religious scholar suggested it was okay for the married couples to see each other naked as long as they don't look at the genitals. Keep your eyes right toward the ceiling to avoid problems in that area who recommended having sex under a blanket. Oh, man! Can you both feel at the blanket? Oh, God. It's not entirely clear whether Dr. Khalil's considerably full implication of his edict. Doesn't the prospect of all those viral but tonne-wheeling Egyptian riot police, for example, doing it in their boots and black uniforms on just a little bit kinky, but we'll let that pass. Unlike Christianity, which tends to be squeamish about sex, Islam has a long tradition of talking about it openly. Up to a point, this is much more healthy. While Catholic priests are enjoying their main celibate, Muslim cleris are expected to marry and indulge health hardly with their wives and the pleasures of the flesh. And many parts of the Muslim world, especially where folks are poor and uneducated, the local Imam is the person many turned to for guidance, tomatoes relating to sex and marriage. At least that makes more sense than the Catholics, because they do it a lot. Over the last few years, hundreds of Islamic thought-law websites have also sprung up on which clerics, often with the uncertain qualifications, answer all manner of questions that have been sent to them by email, including questions about sex. Some of the rancids about what good Muslims should or shouldn't do and better are very explicit, so readers under 18 should stop here it says. While some of the advice is sensible, a lot of is completely dacked, so remaining readers over the age of 18 they wish to give a second opinion before putting it into practice. Actually, it had never occurred to me that Muslims might be required to keep their clothes on during their most intimate moments until a few months ago when I was browsing through Islam online, the website supervised by the prominent and controversial guitar-based cleric, Yusuf Al-Karadawi. Delivering a font-long oral sex, sitting down your doctor card, how we describe as a disgusting Western practice, resulting from Western-New-Shamber of stripping naked during sexual intercourse, but he continues, Muslim jurists are of the opinion that it's lawful for the husband of former Muslim, who is not his wife, are a wife to perform the similar act for a husband of a philacial, and there's no wrong in doing so, but if it leads to releasing semen, then it is blameworthy, but there is no divisive evidence, the sense of evidence too for a bit of it, especially if it's a wife agrees with it, or it seems organized and by practicing it. On the situ doctor card always views are more permissive than those of several other clerics on the internet, one states that oral sex is definitely forbidden, and verboten, adding that this hideous practice will draw the angel of the anger of Allah, another answer for oral sex is permitted replies, I don't know what it is or it says, please define it. Nasturbation is generally frowned upon by Islamic scholars, although they disagree about how sinful it is, the innerist-law website describes it as an indescent practice that is scripted to the youngsters of today. Nasturbation is become prevalent to websites since because of the modern tendency for young people to marry later, contrary to the advice of the prophet. As a result, the philaneathenful filled their cardal desires, but cannot do so in the normal way, i.e. sexual intercourse Islamic voice describes masturbation as an abondable and wicked act, which is forbidden in Islam. It harms our great, and it has a disastrous consequences as established by doctors, not to mention all that here that grows on a palm of your hands. I think I'm going to continue with this, where I left some of the fascinating. Is it really fascinating or is it not a perverted discussion? I thought they had to do all their work out under there. What about the Mormons? Don't they have to keep that magic under we're on and just do like a little hole in their side all the time? It has a philaneath, that's why they call it holy underwear. It has a philaneath. It has a flap or you don't like the regular fluid of the looms? I see, so in other words, if you have a spat, cloak in the flap. 1240, 20 till 16, W.C. with lightning quits speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust, and today you can get on board for only 9.95 months or 3 months. With it always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to 4 times faster than DSL 1.5, and up to 100 times faster than dial up. Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast Reliable Fast Connects, it means you'll be flying to the Internet without your magic carpet. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instant access to features like the fan, video email, Comcast Graph City Radio Plus, and up to 7 personal email accounts just in the infu. And on the way that, you also get macafee security tools included, so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So let's you be waiting for, start doing more fancy than ever before, sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month or 3 months, and you'll wonder how you ever live without it. In Dave Call 305 Comcast in Broward, 9.54 Comcast Call for details, certain restrictions apply. In In Dave's 305 Comcast in in Broward, 9.54 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. Oh honey. But she's north, the city of New Orleans. That's an evening. Yes, some of those people down there say he failed. Stubs the people in the astrid zone like cattle. I'll have the national guard once in Iraq. Call to the door door door. He could funding for their levies. Looters solving and are indeed in the room, but we made a bigger deal. In search for Natalie hallway, one white group, we trained a late, a neven as for help from the name he seems. George Bush, what vacation they need Crawford. I guess that's your deal. Be no Marty Grom. Girls on wild needs, the city of New Orleans. Although half Jesus and their film to the Florida. Oh my God. Jason, you're on 2 AM. You don't have any national guards in them because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard in Iraq. Not that there's no national guard at now. Of course not. 14.01. So far from me listening to the guards is a guilty pleasure because a number of people for 78, 60, 5, 1, 2, 3. But Cranky old fart 46, talk to you. Talk to you through your public and talk to me. Wow, that's shocking. I guess they try to monitor what the other side is saying. Shricken, talk to you. We're no doubt. Employment in another radio station 29, 20, 20, 8. Cat like 20. Let's move it up the radar screen. We're faster. While they do move fast. They're climbing the pool. Redneck 18. Right wing Christian 18. Fag hit her 17. Well probably most of those catlicks are like Julios. Clansman 10, Nazi civilized with 10, old green toothed human 9, speaking of Julios, Orthodox Jew 9, and Jamaican 8-mon only 8-maken so far. Of course, if you multiply these, all of these silly fractions like I have multiplied the 10,000, we got 8,000 to make ends. 75 million Cubans. Oh yeah. Anyway, getting back to this Muslim, I'm not going to read the whole thing. The whole article will be on our website tomorrow. If Fajrash gets around doing it. Well I don't want to get into the part about that f***ing accent. I'm not going to give that. The proven medical effects of masturbation, which of course, in food damage to the eyesight, according to the Muslims, were once listed by Abid, Allah's He's been Zahaz. It's been vahaz. The late-grandmusty of Saudi Arabia. Remember the grandmusty? Okay, and his list is reproduced. A numerous Islamic websites, according to Maz, masturbation causes disruptively digestive system, inflammation of the testicles, damage to the spine, the place for much firmer regiments, and trembling and instability in some parts of the body like the feet. In addition, as a weakening of these cerebral glands leading to the increased impact and even mental disorders and insanity, furthermore, due to constant ejaculation, the sperm no more remains thick and dense as it normally occurs in males. This results in sperm, which is not mighty enough to make a woman pregnant. Our produces children who are more pro-deceasing illness. That's what George was saying. I can tell him that. No, that's wrong. Other scholars argue that masturbation is basically forbidden, but maybe permitted if the person is unmarried or masturbation is under what a more serious sin such as adultery or the masturbation is to release sexual tension rather than to fulfill sexual desire. In a fat while for Islam online, she can most staff at Al-Zarka says, I conclude that the general principles of Sharia law go against this habit because it is not the normal way of fulfilling sexual desire. It is a deviation and that's enough to condemn it. Even though the sect is not fond of a category of absolute prohibition, and by the way, if you're ear-earned, it should not scratch that either. There are generally more consensus among scholars on the question of kissing. Males and females should not kiss unless they're related by blood or marriage. I got that. Okay. And I'll resist go for the good stuff. String, same sex kissing under the hand is allowed, as long as it's done without lust and avoids the person's mouth. Oh my God, can you imagine those Muslim cities on the lips? Good, we. Hands and cheeks are well. And holding hands is good. You notice all the Saudis have yet to come to our bush and they're always holding bushes hands right? I don't want to show it. I'm not sure they can keep it out of their pocket. Hands and cheeks are the verb place to kiss. Cheeks, breccombe. Before it is also good because the Prophet, before he once gave a man a snacker between the eyes. I see. I see. In this contact, the ethics of what I either talking about. In this contact, the ethics of kiss of life resuscitation are considered by Islam online. The Watchtack quote, Dr. Osmai Mohamed Kamma, Kena, whatever his name is, Kena, head of the infections diseases, Department of the Perm medical Care Administration, the Eastern Region of Saudi Arabia. The kiss of life is legally permissible because it is a means of resuscitation if all our wills. And it goes without saying it's impermeable unless absolutely necessary. So if it is certain the victim has already died, mouth of mouth resuscitation becomes impermeable for there's no need in such a case. But what's wrong with kissing a dead a stiff? Well, an instrument that kiss a life is like my mind. As a rescue, we should be careful to do it. It needs to be less to know what pleasure. No, it was not. Do it. But grimacellala. Oh, fat. What do they have for lunch? Fine, that's a lot more than I have to do with the f***, little sex, but I'm not going to. I'm not getting deeply in that. Probably, sweet. Yeah, that's it. There we go. Oh, much of stuff. And all these crazy religious man, what am I telling you? So, phony. And so, the year is 2006, 2006, and there's still a Hockenison, sanity, this madness. This is evil. This is forbidden. And this is a lustful. And this is a sick. And this is twisted. And you're going to go, I hear on a poms ear neck in the, oh, geez. Man. You know what? A sound that's vanned by the wind, Saudi Arabia. I love you a bushland of peck. That's a lot. The bushland part is okay. What you're is that? Before you were born. I'm sure. Ask a chicken I killed. It's actually snooky. Thanks a little singing for it. You're a hit for it next time. You know, this American Idol stuff. How do you know about you, but it's going to be really porked off. What is this going to stop already? Great. It's done. So, it runs. It's course. It's just, I mean, just demolishing everything in its weight. I mean, everybody in their brothers, all in a time. And Paul Abdul didn't show up. I was telling you, you know something good for who cares? Well, it's like all that who wants to be a millionaire. Right. Let's put it on 75 times a week. If it's a hit now, if it's time once a week is a hit, when you put it on 75, it's like WSWN. Oh, they like Neil's shoulders. Let's play it 10 times a day. If once is good, 10 times a day will be really great. Right. When it's out, let's burn it out. Let's not go back to the S.U.N thing. And I'll have to read blah, blah, blah, blah. Which I do every day by the way, religiously. Study or speaking of health. Locate, I mentioned this yesterday, but I never read a good into it. Okay. And this is, you know, there are those of you people out there that want to stay alive. And it's not easy to understand, believe me. Talk to the game like all of us do. But then stick into it for you to about it. Very difficult. Especially when you go into a story and you're not even looking for it. You see that banana, not ice cream stirring you in the face that are hanging out. Oh, geez. You know what I'm saying? What he said. And then like when John Girer sends you some stupid ass milk or candy in the mail. Really, you know, he can make a joke out of it all he wants. That's what he was a sincerely apologizing. No, he was an hourning. I'm telling you. Was he crying? He barely was. Was he like all read in the face? Of course, that's he's always read in the face. He was writing his hands. Are all Nazis all read in the face? Well, think about it. Hermann Girering, he was always read in the voice. And the fingernails. And rumskill. The same difference. A very, how come if people watched the Fahrenheit 911? We didn't have it like a revolution in this country. It was on again last night and every time it's on, I can't turn it off. Well, you don't have a long-drawn democratic leadership, we have. Does that what it is? I mean, how is that possible if people could watch that or not be forced to watch it? And just say, well, wait a minute. How can you be killing all these people? All this bloodshed and murder and mayhem. Air every single day. And everybody's been reduced to a number. Americans, Brits, Iraqis, anybody. Oh, 17, 35 today, 150 that one day. And it's just numbers on a page somewhere. What kind of a freaking world is it when nobody has any, when human life means nothing? Just like those punks and poor love-dale. But baseball bats in golf clubs, killing a crap out of and killing homeless people. Man. I'm telling you right out there to put it on a new news with Angela Ray. And she can laugh her ass off while they're getting another head chopped off. What do you say? All right. I'm not afraid just laugh her ass off. Go, go, go, go, go. We can be a silly person. You can't wait until it's 73. That's what Johnny Fleshman said. Johnny Fleshman, my ass boy. See, he has been around the market too long. I see, he knows all these old hangers on like Johnny Fleshman. Oh, God. You know what I'm talking about? All the old troll. And Jim is Sarny, old-tod. Sarny, by the way, must be more Howard David in the finale, I guess. I mean, he'll have to write until Friday when he writes about it. God forbid he's here right a second calm. They probably have to pay him for it. And Jika, God forbid he should write about local radio because he's often california getting wind and died and roasted and toasted. He boasted lightly. Yeah. What a jerk. Well, I didn't see him. And I want to talk about, see the new deal with our new general manager Joe Bellam. I know, I'm genuinely assuming this being a field of vibrations of it. And that's because a lot of people are scared. They're scared. They're no. As opposed to just having a whole bunch of people show up every day and I'm not talking about everybody. We have some folks who work hard to do their job. But there are a whole bunch of other people who have been like charity cases, just slowly doing their way through life, waiting for a twice a month to get a paycheck. And as opposed to that great weed mentality, very much just like faking their way through, actually now there's an attempt to try to like do something a little bit better. Like actually do a job. I know that's a frightening concept. Be afraid. And we sure as hell don't want to overdo it here. But some of you, lungheads back there in sales, your excuse is ain't going to be cutting it no more. You know what I'm saying? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm saying no, no, no, no. How can you miss that, Jim, and certainly you idiot. You silly old goofball. That's what he is a goofball. You know the definition of a goofball. Swallowers say that. You can't define it, but you know when you see one. I see. It's like that pornography thing with Warren Burger. I don't know how to define a goofball, but boy when I say, like last night, I'm Wheeler Fortune. There was a kid. Let's see. These were college students. I said, there was a kid from Iowa State. And he was a goofball. It looked too bad. Me didn't say, well, if he's nine grand, all of you lost to the dark and collected Oklahoma chick, who got the, she got the, I wanted, you know, the, you know, the end of the thing. Okay, whatever, you wanted, she won 25 grand at the end of the show. But he was a goofball. I can't tell you exactly what that means. But if you see a goofball, you'll know. Yeah. Let's see the leverage. I have some some goofball seminars pretty soon. 1256, my god, is it almost one o'clock already? I think I'm taking the one and two hour off. Don't do it. Taking a nap, it's like a, well, if mad dog can do like four to seven days, he's four to six thirty. And he's making big bucks and he works about seven days a year. Two to six, baby. Two to six starts tomorrow. If I'm Joe Bell, I go in here to Saf Dune. I tell the mad dog, listen, see you two tomorrow. We'll work, we'll negotiate the terms of the deal. You know, whatever you want. Right? You have to suck. That's right. I mean, you know, but I'll do it with Span. And then Curtis can do like six to eight or whatever. And of course, there's a lot of ball games in there. But, you know, he can't get a good scam goal with that. We have a good idea, right? It's a great idea. Mad dog. That's good. We need to stop right now. Good. And mad dog in the juice. Well, he got through a juice over there. And the other stage across the street, we didn't get our juice. And the toast. A dry concept is a device in the world when comes to making your carpets look just like a red noonematter or how hopeless they might look to you. I've used them over 20 years in my homes and believe me. They do a fantastic, unmancivil job every time. During this month, during January, dry concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract. Right concepts maintenance contract offers you savings and real peace of mind. Enjoy the benefits of their plant carpet dry cleaning service. Not only when you say 50% off their regular already low prices, but you'll enjoy the added benefit of knowing that dry concepts will be there any time you need them. Dry concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach instead of the common clean dirty carpet approach. Don't be fooled by those scamsers of 1995 specials that leave your carpet soaked for days on end without really treating the problems just making a mess. You made a big investment in those carpeting. You were a full-streamed, great for your silhouette. Dry concepts protect that investment. Their professional staff is fully certified in their service and standards is un-matched. They really know their crap. So take the work out of having your home sanitized all year long with dry concepts and maintenance program. Call them today and date round in the palm beaches tell them that old deal for you to call. It's 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Run the wicked web just go to www.dragconcepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. You're fair, man. It's 5-16-2-8-6. So this is an adituma. It's the one to two hour. You can't blame. Better have a good thing. You can't blame. You really know about me, man. You can't blame. You really know about me, man. You really know about me, man. You gave it a pound to pay for all your crime. And pay it soon you will be serving hard times. You can't blame. You food and run in the red. You can't blame. Do it a prison for a while. That's your favorite pain. And can you just inside? You can't blame. You still fail you from your employees. And now you're going to the Pan-Appensionary. And you can't blame. Stay in jail until you're dead. Yes, you're about all-fany-boy. One-two-five-six. You had one thing. This administration had a bunch of corruption liars and butchers and murderers. But they also hang around with a slimy, as sleazy as crowd. Just like Carrie said, oh, these people are the worst. But then of course, even I'd say it. Remember that? Take off my mic. This is the worst crowd. I'll come on, John. You waffer, you, uh, quizzing you. I think I do love it. Sand. And I see when it was on airhacking from it is really yesterday. Did you see that? Nope. He was going buttery, buttery, but it looked like that. How was it like the monsters though? A very low calorie diet can help the heart age more slowly according to researchers who released what they call the first ever human study on the subject. We've heard this before. And then of course there's some people who take it to a, you know, to a, the ultimate degree like eating water crisp every day and like a little bit of water. The findings confirmed earlier studies on mice and rats that demonstrate the cardiac benefits of a restricted calorie diet. Please pass on the Baba Genuch. The study looked at the heart function of 25 members of the caloric restrictions society. I bet you didn't even know there was a caloric restrictions to say. Wow. Ages 41 to 64 who consume four ohms still early under the radar on that. Who consumed 1400 to 2000 officially bound calories per day. They were compared to 25 people who ate typical Western diet consuming two to 3000 daily calories on average. The result? Those limiting caloric intake had her heart functions of much younger people, typically about 15 years younger than the rage. Ultra-sound exam showed group members that hearts that appeared more elastic than most people are aged, not spastic for the rest. Their hearts were also able to relax between beats in a way similar to hearts in younger people. You're relaxed between beats. This is the first day to demonstrate that long-term calorie restriction without the malnutrition as cardiac specific effects. And the delay or reverse age associated to clients in heart function said Luigi Fontana. Lead author and assistant professor at the of medicine at the Washington University in San Luis. Luigi Fontana. What if he's going to wait and find 10 of the mind vendors? And a group he kind of loved? The study will be published next to the individual of the American College of Cardiology. Fontana said, no, I guess it was published yesterday. The start of course from one of the number of boys. A couple days ago. Fontana said simply consuming this food is not the answer. Members of the study group eat food resembling a traditional Mediterranean diet, focusing on vegetables, olive oil, beans, whole grains, fish and fruit. Got it? Got it. We like vegetables? No, olive oil. Okay, but not like out of the bottle. Beans, fat, whole grains, all carbs, bad, fish, food and the fruit, fruit, all carbs. I must maybe like strawberries. Call up hungry bougars. You want me to get some of them strawberries? See, I kind of just strawberry before I went to that change. That was such a good movie. I guess you asked never saw a cameo in me, right? I have not known. No, he looked like that. I would like to see. Did you think he enjoyed that? I think he would. A little stain. Black and white and a hungry bougar and all that. No, no. No, it's all right. It's safe. No, no, I don't see what you've done. Not my chance of blankets. Nothing kind of moves a warm movie. I understand. I told George this, I agree. I would talk about that. It really needs to be extraordinary if it's a black and white film because it is. It is. Okay. What I recommend a black and white film before not extraordinary. No. What do you have about? Huh? I was not a white movie. I would recommend for the first place beside that one. I don't know. I don't know. That work was not in black and white. I know I did. I think cycle was black and white. Right? Yeah. I think I could have to be. But it was. But it was. No, let me ask you this question. Was cycle a bad movie? No. It was great. I like it. I like another black and white movie. I like the hustler. That was a good one. Yeah. Paul Newman. That's it. I thought. You said that before the day the earth stood still. That's the work out of that for it. That's it. Good movie. You like that. Yeah. But I'm done. I don't know. I'll say that again. Like what they have a taint about them. Anyway, this remembers this study group of what we're finding process. Food, soft, rings, desserts, whiteware, other sources of empty calories. For the general public, the researchers recommend a moderate reduction in calories. Combined with a moderate regular exercise. The exercise part is not going to happen. My exercise is walking. Okay. And on a day like yesterday, when it was raining all day, I didn't do a whole. I want you know something even with like a dripping and freezing rain part of the day yesterday. I still walked over to get my suits of the supermarket. I walked around went to the bank made a deposit. I went to the tour with made a deposit. I did more walking yesterday on a day of non much walking because of the marginal weather. Then I would do there in a year. How do people stay alive and Florida? I mean, that's why they go and back across that. That's where we go to die. That's it. Research on mice and rats indicate that lifespan can be stretched by about 30%. About 30 man. With stringent and consistent color work restriction that research also suggested. Restricting calories can not prevent cancer. How do you like that? Can be stretched by about 30%. About 30 man. With stringent consistent color restriction. Hard attacks and stroke. So probably send anybody any candy bar or kickers. There's a load of with empty calories with pure sugar. And especially when they taste like crap like a milk a bar. Man, even the Nazis wouldn't touch that with a stick. Hard attacks and stroke caused about 40% of deaths in Western countries. Research said cancer causes another 30. 30%. Fontana said those deaths are attributed to secondary aging from high cholesterol for that kind of Call before about Zokor. Diabetes, high blood pressure and other often preventable conditions. While it's long been known that a healthy diet in exercise can reduce risk. The study suggests that caloric restriction combined with optimal nutrition and more can do even more. You ready to reach for the yogurt now? With that thing in it of course. No sugar. Fontana said most participants in the study had immediate relatives who suffered heart attacks or strokes. So it was unlikely their genetic makeup was a contributing factor. They're unusually healthy hearts. We don't know how long each individual will end up living. But they certainly have a longer life expectancy than average because they're most likely not going to die from a heart attack. Dorker.bb said professor John Holsey who worked on the study. And if in fact their hearts are aging more slowly, it's conceivable they're live for a very, very long time. Jolenee Fleischman can put it in the heralds. Me, she pivoted over there who's on a 800 calorie of day-dye. Just turned 172. And I'm sure she will put that in. It's just to be a bitch. Jolenee Fleischman, my ass. 570, 560. Somebody old hacks in that time. My God. It's just embarrassing to me. No wonder I got out. Are we going to make a 800 votes on a poll today? If you push, we didn't push yesterday. We could easily made the 1,000 today. And what do you want to know why? Why? Because most of the people don't fall in these categories. They're not going to waste their time voting. And then the above, you know, that's just a, which is not for them. So I think that if we get over 800, that's a feather in your crack camp. They took it. And I said that the cane mutiny was in technicolor. Who says chicken neck? It was in color. What I said, that said it was. I don't recall. Yeah, and I was something it was. Because Robert Francis was in it. And he had nice rosy cheeks. Blackcomb and they died. Jeez, how come all they really are looking guys die? Everybody does. Well, I'm saying Robert Francis, my God. He was even better looking in our lean Francis. And Francis for a cop out. And then who is the other one from all fall down? Brandon Duelva. There you go. That was my hero. And now my new hero. I probably shouldn't say it because then what's his name is going to die, too. See how it's soon. You'll get there. No, her. She emailed her. Okay. Sunny her. You know who email? You know, were you panning them? Will be the the mug one boy, whatever. First boy, no, I told you I failed out the middle of it when it started to get a little bit gay. You know, so I take a little bit gay. Oh, when the guys were in a dressing, the other guys chasing them around. Oh, that was the movie. He was wearing the dress right there. That was a movie. That was a good movie. That was a good movie. At this point, I'm in dating at all. And I'm in a different angle. And of course, in the end. Well, I hope that everything came out all right for this. That's a good boy. Well, as the Muslims would say, That's a great boy. Did I, and I go to I'm not going to do it right now. That was the tell what I've super nice pool. Paul Craig Roberts writes. Now who the hell is that? Paul Craig Roberts is a former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. And a former assistant secretary of the US Treasury. He's co-author of the tyranny of good intentions. I think I went through the break first. Okay. This isn't like we are long, but it's very, it's pretty wild. Mocha has crossed the rubicon about dictators of various stripes and shapes and sizes all these things. Paul would be strange. It's 11 after one. Don't forget the legendary Curtis Davidson into the Amosio. Don't do it. No, no, no, no, no. You don't have to get used to that. I think that we got so much of this most stuff now. The ambiance appeals like he never left you know. It's like more without the aggravation. More without the hostility. Don't you understand? That's good. Yeah. Of course, I'm loaded up the pizza crust too. Hey, happy new year from the fine folks that Armstrong Ford Homestead, 2005 was a sensational year. And thousands of new customers took advantage of the deal. And butter and new forward at Armstrong Ford, the smart crowd. Why do people shop there? It's easy because Armstrong Ford guarantees you a great unbeatable price. Fantastic service after the sale and the personal touch that comes from dealing with the local family on the dealership. Pick up the whole right now. Call general manager David Richardson, 305, 247, 5112. And don't forget when you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford homestead, you'll get that amazing that exclusive tires and batteries for live program. That's right. You get free tires and batteries for the life of your car at Armstrong Ford. Which could save you right there extra thousands of bucks. David Rich and the staff guarantee you won't find a better price any place. And with Armstrong Ford, locally owned an operating, you know they're going to treat you great because they want to see you again and again. No maintenance, which no 40 sales was dropped a new year off with a great new Ford from our good friend David Richardson. And staff at Armstrong Ford homestead, you'll find the material 725, South-Dixie Highway 20, easy minutes out of the 836. We'll punch in the right direction. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars.com and then drive a few miles extra to save yourself. Tonic cash, thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead. This is new Rogers. This is five to four times a day. They're also at risk for other grown-up ailments. That's why your young one needs veier children's arthritis formula. Oh, and my hip hurts so much. A lot of your children's arthritis formula goes to work fast to relieve the pain that comes with young age. But now I can crank up in the trough and dance to Jitterbug. Veier children's arthritis formula delivers relief to where kids need it most. Our tradisely, my hand so stiff, I could barely sit on the downport and play my new fangle video game. But thanks to their children's arthritis formula, I can play supermire speakers until the cows come home. Sonning Bayer children's arthritis formula. It'll make your kids feel like a kid again. It's a real going on, man. From the make it to team depends. It will make you want to ploth. One, sixteen, if I'm what was all the good bits of last two weeks for my these people. Both of you, I don't know what was going on. I must see, I'm leaving for the new year. I guess by the middle of March, I don't want to. Don't forget to know as ratings day. I'd be like that. I'm going to be like that. You hit me with a whammy on that. Well, they hit me with it. No, this is not good. Nice, good. Of course, you're not what else going to be. The rock part of it is, and this is an excuse already. I always did to make your excuses upfront. And that is that November was the, it was the will in the month. I don't understand why they didn't just spit can at month and just toss it out. How many diaries could they get back from the whole market? No, but not third man. People were like trying to swim back to their house and put their lives back together. Again, we're going to get to tree off the roof and all of these things. They'll put a diary out. They can't charge you, right? Or ratings? Follow up, and they just kind of eliminated that one month. They don't charge you by the trend. They charge you to subscribe for the books. Well, that's a good point. Yeah. So let's just subtract November unless of course the member was better than December. And then we'll do us subtract December like a, we have. Anyway, it's all great. Anyway, it's all great. Robert says, Bush is crossed the Rubicon on his website, anti-war.com. The dictatorship seldom appear full fledged but emerged peace meal. When Julia sees her cross the Rubicon with one Roman legend, he wrote an edition that protected a civilian government from victorious generals and lost the transformation of the Roman Republican to the Roman Empire, the Roman Empire, fearing that season would become a king and the Senate assassinated him. From the civil wars that followed season's grand nephew Octavian emerges the first Roman Emperor sees the Raghastas. Two thousand years later in Germany, eight off Hitler's rise to dictator from his apartment as Chancellor Rapid. Hitler used the Raghastag fire to create an atmosphere of crisis. Both the judicial and legislative branches of government collapsed and Hitler decreased became law. Ah, the decree for the protection of the people on state deliver suspended guarantees of personal liberty and permitted arrest and incarceration without trial. The enabling act transferred legislative power to Hitler, providing him to decree laws, laws moreover that may deviate from the constitution. Speaking of deviates, the dictatorship of the Roman Emperor was not based on ideology. The Nazis had maybe Al Jusd's source, but Hitler's dictatorship was largely personalized in the base. He had an agenda. Oh, it sounds like John Jerson in the room. The dictatorship that emerged from the Bolshevik resolution was based in ideology. It led in declared that the Communist Party's dictatorship over the Russian people, which directly on force, not limited by anything that restricted by any laws, or any absolute rules. Stalin's dictatorship over the Communist Party was based on coercion alone, unrestrained by any limitations or innovations. In this first decade of the 21st century, the United States regards itself as a landed democracy in civil liberty, but in fact as an insimpy dictatorship. Any ideology plays only a limited role in the emerging dictatorship that amised of American democracy as largely the result of historical developments. Lincoln was the first American tyrant, Lincoln justified his tyranny and labor for serving the union. His extra legal extraconstitutional methods were tolerated nor to suppress northern opposition to Lincoln's war against the Southern Session. The first major lasting assault on the US Constitution separation of repowers, which is the basis for our political system, came to the responsibility of Roosevelt's administration to the crisis of the Great Depression. The New Deal resulted in Congress delegating the obligatory power to the executive branch. Today, when Congress passes a statute, it's little more than an authorization for the executive agency to make law by writing the regulations that implemented. Prior to the New Deal, legislation was tightly written to minimize any executive branch interpretation, only in this way can law be accountable for the people. If the executive branch that enforces law also rights the law, all legislative powers are no longer vested in elected representatives in Congress, the Constitution is violated and the first to powers is breached. The principle that power delegated to Congress by the people cannot be delegated to Congress by the executive branch is the mainstay of our political system. Until President Roosevelt overturned this principle by threading the practice of Supreme Court, the executive branch had no warland interpreting the law. It's just as John Marshall Harlan wrote that Congress cannot delegate legislative power to the person is a principle universally recognized as vitally integrity and maintenance of the system of government or deemed by the Constitution. Oh, what's right? It's a piece of paper, you know? Despite seven decades of an imperial presidency that's written from the New Deal's breach of the separation of powers, Republican attorneys who constitute the membership of the court of Central Federal Society, they candidate group for Republican nominees, the federal judges, right? Tracks about the imperial Congress in the imperial judiciary that are brief for concentrating more power and executive. Federalists society members pretend that Congress in the judiciary have stolen all the power and run away with it. The Republican interest in strengthening executive power has its origin and gender frustration from the constraints placed on Republican administrations by democratic Congresses. It's rushed to enlarge the president's power, predates the Bush administration, but is being furthered by dangerous eccentric in the extended Bush's second term. The confirmation of Bush's nominee Samuel Alito, I remember the Federalist Society to the Supreme Court, will provide five votes in favor of enlarged presidential powers. President Bush has used signing statements hundreds of times to initiate the meaning of Stancewood's passed by Congress, and if Bush is vetoing the bills he signs in law by asserting unilateral authorities to manage or enchief, the bypass or central side to laws he signs. For example, Bush is asserted that he's got the power to ignore the McCain amendment against torture to ignore the law that requires a warrant to spy on Americans to ignore the prohibition against indefinite detention with our charges or trial, and to ignore the Geneva conventions to wish the U.S. as a signature. In effect, Bush is asserting the powers that occured to Hitler in 1933. It's federalist society apologists and the Department of Justice appointees claim that President Bush has the same power to interpret the Constitution as a Supreme Court, and Alito court is likely to agree with his false claim. Bush justice to the Department of Official and Berkeley Law Professor John U. argues that no law can restrict the President's role as Commander in Chief. Thus, once the President is at war, even if they go up and ended war on terror, Bush has justice to the Department says the President is free to undertake any action for suit of war, including the torture of children on the indefinite detention of American citizens. The Commander in Chief role is probably sufficiently elastic to expand any crisis, whether real or fabricated, thus has the U.S. arrived at the verge of dictatorship. This development has little to do with Bush who is unlikely to be aware that the Constitution is experiencing its final running on his watch. America's decended dictatorship as the result of historical developments and role of political battles, dating back to Nixon being driven from office by democratic Congress. There is today no constitutional party. Both political parties, most constitutional lawyers and the Bar Association, are willing to set aside the Constitution whenever it interferes with their agenda. There are agenda. Americans have forgotten the prerequisites for freedom, and those pursuing power for government, what it means when a falls into other hands. Americans are very close to losing their constitutional system and civil liberties. It is paradoxical that American democracies, the likely casually way, war on terror that's being justified in the name of the expansion of democracy. How do you like that? I have absolutely correct. Yeah. Got it somewhere on it, baby. What's the constitution? It's just a piece of paper anyway. It's a war man. It's a war time president. He's always thinking about war. Like a war in the brain. Yeah. Oh, a speaker of the monoclonitics. Iran, Baris, CNN, over translation remarks. I'm not talking about Iran. I'm talking about CNN. Oh, you go Iran. About the first good thing they've done. And let me say it again. If he is really in the air, if they want to kill each other, why do you have to go? Fine. Just leave the rest of us out of it, please. Please. Have a good time. Kill each other lightly. But just leave us out. Or darkly for all we can. What do we like? With great venom. You know, Benton. Iran, Baris, CNN. Now you know something if the USA would just do that. And all the Western world we've been CNN, we'd be way away. There's that bitch, Kira Phillips on her again. But is that any? Oh, boy. She really needs, she needs that book like broken. Let's give those kids from Fort Lodderdale to work on her ass. Man, she is just evil. Although not nearly in the category of wolf ghost creep. And you want her to like, because she's just a bubble head. But there actually are like 40 or 50 people that take wolf ghost creeps. Seriously. But he really belongs on the ear. With his pedantic, West Virginia, oh, geez. Just a goose step or just a Nazi. Kill man. His hoods must come up to the top of his back home to the top of each cheek. You know, he'll be the least of all the way to the hip. That's why they call him hip, booze man. They really hip. There she is. Why? Their hipsters, that he'll. I see. Iran banned. Oh, we lost it. Eran, bansian. Iran bansian. And for working in the country, do its mis translation of comments made by President I have no idea how you say his name. And a recent news conference. I'll be the way that throwing his name around. Sure, I'll be a good person. President, Makhmud, Ahmad Danej, whatever's name is. Crazy bastard. The indefinite ban in Osma, they in the state run television highlighted the continuing tension between Iran and the West over to Iran's nuclear program. Where's that nuclear? In a Marsener day, the President, blah, has defended Iran's rights to continue nuclear research. State media have complaints since the news conference that CNN translated his words as nuclear weapons instead of nuclear technology or nuclear energy. Due to mis translation of the words of the President, Makhmud, during his press conference, activities in American CNN and Tehran are banned until further notice. So the culture in Islamic guidance, Venezuela and Tehran TV. CNN acknowledged the mistake by the way that it's UN Broadcast. It's US Broadcast. How do you like that? It's a sad day when these many action CNN are, uh, outtruth by an Iranian lunatic by a maniac. CNN correspondent Christian Amman Pourn has been reporting from Iran for the last week. They said she was scheduled leave yesterday before the ban was announced. They see an inscription that didn't immediately be turned to call to the North Atlantic headquarters seeking comment from the Uxshis-Ludavs with a big fat face, screaming about illegal aliens and all these terrible things in the course-looking bush's touchy. Or, just unbelievable. Anybody have any idea what I'm talking about? Oh, good. That's why I like it. Keep it that way. Keep them guessing, man. That's what your bell told me when our phone conversations are keeping guessing. I said, well, you're talking about. I don't know. And he's a good guy. We love your bell, and we also, well, then there's Maddie Bell. See, isn't that the Yen in the Yang? To the Chinese call it? Well, the Yang anyway. There's the good bell, and there's the bell from hell. 26 past one at five, 62, 72, and hit their shoe stores from hell too. Don't go there and get those off-brand shoes that will really be bad for your feed-your-hold-body, and get your all out of whack. Get yourself a brandy shoe, so the most comfortable fit at the right price in your favorite style of shoes. Brandy's carries all the top names, which have been telling you for about 100 years now. That's what Johnny Fleshman said. Neil Rogers just turned 127 happy birthday. Neil Fleshman, you old bitch. Brandy's carries rock-port floor shine, echoing the fist, OSAS new balance, all the top names in the shoe business. This asks for any one you would have Brandy's so make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price every time. Brandy's even specialize in one of the best of your sportswear. Brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere in South order because it's an unbeatable combination. Comfort, style, fit, bed, and when solution. What's not to like? Brandy's shoes are a 12-90 North Federal Highway in Pompatore Beach, Open Daily, Monday through Saturday, 29, every Sunday, till five. And it's another special value like every week this week at Brandy's. This week, take 20% off all men's floor shine shoes. Let me say it again. 20% off all current men's styles of the same store shine shoes only this week and only at Brandy's shoes in Pompatore Beach. This is New Rogers. This is 516AZ. The first time I've seen this show, I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. Hey, it's Alex. Alex David. Welcome back to the Mohalathema show where we're beautiful as any but good clean family one. I'm here in your day. I've been tight up phase. You know that pipe smoking thing's rapist funny. Is that funny? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What's it you require of me? I require you drop your veins. I'll see you in the right now. I don't know if I can just do it. Drop it all around the dirty. You like it? Get your hands up. Get out of there. Get out of there. That's right. Don't touch my belly. Kids are tender. I can't believe anybody want to rape me. Like the sweet thing is watch that slide. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Don't put it there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get your hands out of there. See if I can wash these empty pots off my hands. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. What are you some kind of fairy? What do you know about being queer and you're more on? I've been raped enough to know the difference. Which of those are before can I last for a tear? This is what's free to over here. We love men. I've just point on it. I don't care. Forget to pay my good fortune. I'm going to make some notice. Grape paper. You understand? You'll then maybe let our poor little links also get us out of my pants. Okay. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of here. You've got to come to pieces. No, it keeps getting raped. I have no money. No, it sometimes falls. The washing iswalking. Who the hell do you see what I'm here? But keep reading, get rid of that. J-lookers do it right away. Thanks a lot to some of dying. Somebody will not drop your pant, either. I'll die if you feel godlike. There isn't a mole, you will just definitely do it. Someone will be leaving. I like this. SAAAAAAAARGH! It's annoying to me. It's annoying to me. Oh shit! And I look where you made me so tiny. Yeah, pants on, I'm gonna ride. What? Do you want to work like soap? You do as you told. I'm gonna make it. Man, that's right. Now, come in. I'm gonna open it. Come in. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm up. I'm down. I'm gonna eat. Oh, the pizza. No. I didn't let still both eat this gold. The pizza. Yeah. Now, see here. I ain't no bite. Very good. I did not see the gold. I only had one slice. Put it in the course of the glass. See if anybody's inside. No. Close. Close. I'm a little close. I can't like that. I'm gonna slice that. Please. Oh, the boy. Oh, you're a touch guy. I'm why I order. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. You're passing here. Oh, the boy. You're in the door. I'm right there. I'm right there. I'm a shit step aside. I'm a little hope. See. I stand before you now. And let me bless you, my son. I'm a little boy. I'm a little boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Well, perhaps you'll find your daughter, my tutelage. I don't like those of her at tutelage. You know, I don't want you to literally show them it. You're the son. I'm going to the toilet. I don't want you to literally show them it. You're the son. You're the boy. Of course it's important that I help them you. Why I don't have enough. I'm going to go home now or short. Watch out for this little whiffle. We need to go to the toilet. We need to go to the toilet. Oh, that's great. Go in. Good boy. Look at her toilet. Oh, the toilet's a little bit too bad. Look at her toilet. Look at her toilet. That's what I say. But kiss my ass. 135. Look at that number on poison other radio station. Who are listening time like clients. That was just it says. Stop turning me. You like that. Wow. Anyway, somebody you're not impressed. I'm sorry. Somebody fast is the information about the do not call registry. Right. Now is this. I didn't have any. Yeah. This is just another fact that came through. So take it for a face value. The national do not call registry gives you a choice about whether we see the time marketing calls in home. Most time a market is shared about this. This is the old one. This isn't about your cell phone. Is it? Or it doesn't make a difference. This doesn't look any newer. Yeah. This looks ancient. In fact, Joni Fleshman said this is about 24 years old. Well, she's the age specialist now. You know what about it? It's about eight years. But this one is, she definitely felt the fact that she's an old bag was been there for 70 years. Happy 90th birthday, Joni Fleshman, the hero of the old bag. Why am I meaning to a gift inside of my palm? This is good that I can finally. Oh, New Jersey strippers protest into a smoking van. They're smoking it. With curious office workers gawking and stripped bar standards playing in the background, several hundred people joined a handful of exotic dancers in front of the state house on Thursday and Trenton, or you could smell it. Tervale against New Jersey's new indoor smoking van. About 20 of the women who to the discipline of some of the crowd didn't reveal anything more risque than their midwaves said the battle result in lost clients and lost money. It's going to murder our business as a nominee for Nanda's 24 who dances at a lounge in Florence. New Jersey, not Italy. A lot of people want to get off from work, have a drink and smoke and watch some pretty girls there's nothing wrong with that at all. Apparently not judging by the looks Hernandez and tight jeans and revealing black t-shirt received from the officers, the gawkers. I'm just passing by the way the office was refrain from many men and some women in the crowd. Ride. You're fairie. But many said they came to protest a smoking van saying it was a violation of their rights. What rights did he hear us to write his culture weed man? It's a fascist state man. Yeah. The dictator ship. Even the vice president's name is Dick. But many said they came to protest a smoking van. I've been a smoker since I was 13, which really against our rights to Alan Broffey, 24 of you now. I wonder if he's related to Mike Broffey from the hockey news. Pretty soon they're going to be out long in our houses. Broffey did admit that words of strippers at the rally had peeked his interest. The fact that the were strippers there, otherwise they probably wouldn't have made it there. The rally trumpeted by two radio shock talks. Oh, don't you love that term. Featured signs that read the fine anti smoking Nazis and tobacco controlled is out of control. In the background, a lot of speaker Blair typical strip bartone said, Just lick it, you can leave your head on and girls girls girls. We're standing up for the average jersey citizen who, on their own, would never be heard. Said Craig Carton, one of the radio host of New Jersey 101.5. Craig Carton, he's smoking about the tank. The ban which affects the bars and restaurants, but not gambling areas of casino is necessary to be sent in law this Sunday by Governor Richard J. Cody. His matter of fact, this is from the past Sunday, two late. The strippers near support is said, they oppose the ban which is designed to protect employees and customers from second-hand smoke. Cousin little hurt business. Alan Blum, you know something? Now in a place like that, I think it's ridiculous. But like in the casino, the one knock I'll give you, and Niagara Falls is supposed to like woodbound. You can't smoke a woodbound. I have like you go smoking areas. But not in the casino itself. All right. And that's about the only good thing I can say about the ambiance. But Niagara Falls is beautiful as it is. Beautiful people and the religious police will kind of replace. They let smoke and go on in there. And after you've been away from people blowing smoke in your face for a long time, then a little Sunday starting to, oh man, even if you got a good machine, you want to get up and run mind because it's just a. And of course, they can't just exhale, they've got to like blow the smoke right in your face. Or they're going to stick it. They've got to stick in the ash tree. Just at the right angle, to make sure all the lights are burning. Like right in your post, you know? All smoke follows beauty in it. Yeah. Right. They tell you. I see. Well in case my life ought to be smoke free. Oh, I guess what? Well get to that in a minute. So I guess we gave away the, all of them. Yes. Yes. It's good. It's not like I threw you's going with cold. They're going to smell for this kind of a near-the-man's view. The world up. It's all the door door. All right. Don't go mad at the door. We're running away. And I have to wait for that little thing toexist. This is my glorious life. If you can't say it Who smells it, yeah? I don't waste my time Who would you start a girl that's kept this a fire? I blame others, but it's free that's a fire Nobody's coming from my back I listen to my father My ass cheeks, fair and too Listen to my father The sweet smell of my food You don't love what you're telling But it's free to me Listen to my father And he was And everything Boy, give him a show about that It's 146-4 Hortes keep till 2 Don't forget mad dogs, who the 6-2-3 are We just made that up, but we're hoping And then Curtis 16 We're not getting ready So we're gonna make this We have a panther game, but it's panthers at Phoenix tomorrow So that can be started to light down a clock So like I said, Curtis 163 That sounds fantastic Boothabank Although Jesse I remember might have some to say about that He might be upset Who? Whoever he is I don't know, some of my friend is Curtis of the Josh's What are you talking about? This Josh? Yeah, I said this is good guy He's good on the air, right? Right? I'm not not getting him, he can do the weekend Seeking to work Curtis was doing before He can do all the slots on letting Martin's Was penciled in Wait till Joe Bell here's letting Martin's I might change his schedule a little bit Anyway, 830, I'm gonna say call That's what I'm saying 838 for me, let's see if the Elijah Show is a Yothi pleasure because I'm Well, let's see, none of you above 66.5% 5.57 None of these Cranky old for our 50 Talkish Republican 33 Employed by another radio station About 30 minutes Wow And then we're like triple tomorrow Well, we had the book come out 1130 Don't hug her 29, well guess what? 1140 Catholic 28 Right when Christian's 20 Fag hit a 18 Redneck 18, well what's the difference? Not to see 17, that's 14 Clans been 13 You know, some of those last several like all All right, most of them They love all blinded in the old green tooth Cuban 10 Jamaican nine, mine and Orthodox Jew So let me take no airway, only nine 838 Well, we could have, you know, we could have made 900 If Joshua were to really push it But he didn't Well, no, they don't like this pool because Most of our left out, I mean, the none of the above He's like, and you never put on a right hit this pool That's what that's what did it I suck What is wrong with you man? What is wrong? Or speaking bad, you know how the Chinese We produce like rabbits, yes they do Well, that's only, that's only a part of this story If the experts are right, sometimes this month Perhaps somewhere in this suburban south Or west, a couple most likely white Anglo-Saxon Protestants or his spanic We'll conceive a baby who went bored on October Become the 300-minute American Isn't that great? All right, producing like cockroaches As of Friday, the census bureau Officially, probably resident population of the USA But at closing in, I'm 297,000 297 million and a hundred thousand The bureau estimates that a baby is being born every eight seconds Someone dies every 12 seconds And the nation gains an immigrant every 31 seconds on average Mostly illegal, of course The population is growing by one person every 14 seconds So that's like four minutes Well, they're just head to Canada Yeah At that rate, the total is expected at top 300 million laid this year But with those projections adjusted, monthly in the number Births typically peaking during the summer The benchmark is likely to be reached about nine months from now You end up with the number of October So it could be in a wangry to demographer and keeper of the Census Bureau's official population clock Getting about a specific responsible This foreign advance in the field to subject the field Certainly the chronic cludging and revising In other words, they make up numbers The clock is itself a contrabmonence of course But no more so than other pre-takes for a wintertime Secial encounter Rest assured that hospital publicists Canyopset traditions at entrepreneurial chambers of commerce Maybe food manufacturers Public officials and countless others pursuing Some political or social or personal agenda Abetted by the media are already Our guest to meeting the growth rate to an end Number of unsuspecting newborns is the Mythical American who pushed the nation's population To 300 million, they're pushing it And that generally is what causes it, they're pushing it In 1967, when the population reached 200 million Life magazine dispatched 23 photographers to locate the baby And to vote on a five-page spread to its search Instead of deciding on a statistically valid symbol The American newborn, the magazine chose the one born At precisely the appointed time Life immortalized Robert can rule Junior Reliance, he was the attorney's director Okay Who's parents a computer program, a programmer And a chemical engineer had immigrated 70 years earlier from China Mr. Wu graduated Magnificum, loudly from a Harvard tank God and is a litigator Now 30, 80 still isn't invited with his wife Angie Who's also learned their three daughters He did so elaboration to do well Mr. Wu said, but I think he would have done well with your list Yeah, what have been really bad if the 200 million The Americans are not that deadbeat Like some kind of an ass murderer or something like that What have you asked, hasn't? Huh? I would have been bad Come any QAM, hello I'll go to the L.O.R. Yes, sir, okay All right, you're a world travel young man, have you ever been to Ireland before? No, no thanks, lady No, no interest No, okay, I'll be back Please have me Irish people, man, there's pasty Irish I can see it on an embossed and my tip on you Yeah, I hear you live there My binary, you go in there, what's the story? No, no, I was curious to go there, looks like a beautiful country I like to try it out Don't do it Okay, now I won't do it Can't talk I'm camping all of my reservations Can't say it right now Listen, I have a question for you Who are you instead? Germany Germany, trust me Germany And now I have my land, Kallan, that's it All right, can you get Kallan at Kallan? I don't know the French can see they make a lot of it They can't see do a biannye Maybe it takes to a Spencer for those very thrifty French It's just all that's for it It's frifty is the Scottish, almost as far as he is the Dutch boy Those Dutchmen man, they make a French conignes look like benevolent Oh, what could I just do there? What did you just do? Well, I'm not going to tell you Because that way you'll never know This is real rubbish This is by 16th June and Oh Thank you Hey Hey Hey, you're always a boy Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey Hey Dabbump Hey Hey Hey Don't Hey Hey Hey Oh, what can get the rest? I can get a little piece of weight. Why are you all over? I don't want to hear that. When I wait to leave here, I do that over and dress up like Koni, Steven. That's for you. You're awesome, Nina. Hey, you're so fun and nice. How are you, Mark? You are. I'm sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, sorry. I'm sorry, just take me as my father. Tom, come on! Tom, come on! i, don't know about it, don't know about it, Tom. Tom, him, Bob! HE WHAND pay back to the city'sech George David, because it was a vdeo, a Live Reevel, right? to have watched it to hate it. Oh, I see. Yeah, I guess. I'll see. Make arrangements now. I've got to let you watch it this week. Was the same as all the other ones, the cats, the guy at the end. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The cats, the guy in the end. OK, here's the full 851. We could have done it in the easy 900 if we'd opposed it. But we don't want to put a lot of pressure on you in the middle of the week. For me, listening to the arises, they give me pleasure because none of the above 564. 66%. Two thirds of the audience is like a general whatever. General, a patent. Thank you all for speaking to him 50. Talk to you through Republican 33, employed by another radio station. About 30 minutes. Gone, hugger. About 30 minutes. Catholic 29. Sag heater 20, right way in Christian 20, Redneck 19. Nazi sympathize with 14, Clansman 13, Old Green 2th, Cubano. Oh, great. 10. Jamaica 9, Mont, Orthodox Jew 9, and I hate this pool. See, I hate this pool, but I put this over the top. So I've already got a whole, you know. So I've already got one, Silamente Uno. Sorry, responsible. Okay, courtesy, this is coming along. Thanks for auditioning. I mean, the film is for where more you stood. No, no, no, no. 24. And then Mad Dog with the room around town is the Mad Dog 2 to 6 tomorrow. Bye, bye, bye.