I'm getting old man. I'll tell you that. I finally figured out how you tell when you get old. I got a lot to waste. No, I got one way to best. Yeah. I experienced yesterday. It was freezing rain yesterday. I said it was one of the few nasty days we've had here in a long time. It's all gone today. But freezing rain. So, oh, I don't know about 430. I decided to go to the drugstore. I think I have a few things. How come I'm here in that echo in a bag? Echo. But anyway, so I go across the street and realize that these are really slippery. In every step you take your like something's side a little bit. Plus it's windy. So you're like ice skating with no skates. So I go and I get my stuff. And I got about five six items in a bag. And I come out of there. And while I was in there for five minutes, I guess the temperature must have dropped like about, you know, a little bit to the point where everything was just frozen solid. Like a sheet of ice. So I come out and I get almost to the curb and all of a sudden I realize I'm like ice skating. I'm moving the wind is blowing me around and. So my made a bad mistake. Instead of just getting my bearings, I grabbed onto a pole. There was a pole or like a bus to bus done. I grabbed a pole and the pole was like a sheet of ice too. So that caused me to slip a little bit and do my go down on my knee. You know, I'm not like a bad fall. I go down. So about three four items out of my bag go flying on a sidewalk. Well, I stood up and then I realized to try to bend down to pick up the items. The wind is blowing me and I'm thinking if I actually reached down to pick those up, I'm going to go flop on my face again. So here comes a guy with say about 70 very nice man. Tatyn guy looking guy. And he he comes by and he picks up the items in his hands and we open the bay and I said, you think for a much and he he reaches out. This is it. He reaches out his hand for me to grab on to. I'm already standing up. Keep in mind. I'm looking for him to help me across his three. That's all. That's okay. Thanks very much. And I thought to myself, wouldn't that be something to be helped across the street by a 70 year old man? Yeah, and I thought to myself, man am I older or what? That's not just an age thing. I was never good at nice and slow. When you know that another and see the thing that didn't make me feel so bad is as I'm standing there and he's picking up the items. There's two kids, two teenagers. And they're about a half a block away and they're like, oh, and he heard all the noise and you're looking one of them when slipping on his ass. And the other one was like sliding, you know, slightly was on skates, but he wasn't. I mean, it was I never experienced anything like that. That's why I always hated that weather up. When you had ice and snow, and you're out there trying to negotiate that walk. Always good for a flop, you know. Always. I remember one time, only once in my life I think I ever did that on the ice and I was walking down the front steps of my house to go to high school or walk for school in my arms. Full of my books and zip there. I went down the stairs. There's a book when flying all the directions. There's a long time ago about a hundred years ago. That's the only other time I remember slipping on the ice. But this was impossible. I mean, watching the people out there, everybody's like, skidding and I had good walking shoes. You know, new balance, good shoes, but I don't know. But it's all gone now. So there was a real lesson in life for it. You don't want to be. You don't want to be hooked across this street. I am old guys older than you are. Yeah. Well, it's a very nice man. But it's easy. I was just thinking if we had ice and stuff for it, I can imagine that happening there. How about people driving? Somebody would probably come by and pick up the items and ran like, Yeah. Yeah, driving is no fun in that evening. Yeah. Icey road. Yeah. Well, that's true. In fact, they have what they call, what you probably remember black ice. Yeah. You know, when you can't see it, you don't know that it's there. But especially on the bridges, you know, you can't see it. It's just a right temperature when it's raining. When it's like right between raining snow. And you can't do anything about it either. And I remember one time when we were driving back from some ski place up in Vermont, going back in the city when I lived in New York and there were four of us in the car. And we hit that black ice patch. Yeah. And we started to skid in the guy driving and said, well, here comes the accident. And we just were going to have an accident. There was no way to stop it. Yeah. And we did. We wound up bumping into a part of a tunnel. Skid it right into it. I'm going to another brief grade story. And some miracle. I'm still alive. This is many speaking of the race track. Many, many years ago, it Detroit. I'm working in Kalamazoo, which is 150 miles from Detroit. But what's that when you go into the track? And ice do you go like five, six nights a week? Sure. So 300 miles around trip. But in those days, the speed limit was 70 or 75. You go 90 easy. So I'm driving on the road. I'm driving on the interstate 94 from Kalamazoo Detroit. I'm about two thirds of the way there. And it starts raining like hell. And I'm going pretty damn fast too, because you got a hot day that he's all parked to plunge my guts out. And all of a sudden, I get a blow out. I get a flat tire right there in the highway. Well, you're going at fast in the rain. You did. And so now I basically I gave up because now I totally lose control of the car. And this is like about, oh, I don't know, six o'clock in the afternoon. It's like, what's going to be rush hour? So I actually let go of the string wheel, because I couldn't steer the car anymore. And I went across the highway to my left. And then back across to the right without hitting anybody, a miracle. And then off the shoulder of the road, there was like, one of those middle, I don't know what to do. We call those things. We didn't the things at the side of the road. Like a guardrail? Yeah, I'm very good. Like a guardrail. Excellent. What a moron eye. Well, I had that old age episode. And the guardrail, I'll stand boom. I just stopped right there. So somebody told up and stopped. Some goods and Mary said, well, what should you could have seen that? You was a scariest thing ever saw in my life. I was in the car, so I kind of relate to it. Were you driving a sports car in there? No, I was driving a white cutlass, not a sports car. Yeah. I'd like to make a long story short. I still got it. I got it towed to a nearby Gorgiarai. And I called and got a red car. And I, well, wasn't that far from airport? You know, you'd be pretty much a red car. I got a red car and I made it to the track for post time. Let's hear it. That's the real degenerate. Okay, man, since you brought it up, I think I'll go gamble today. Oh, no charges against Wayne in his wife. Yeah, so no charges against Wayne in Mrs. Wayne. Well, isn't that sweet? I still say that the gambler brains out and probably illegal, too. I've nothing wrong with gambling as you know. I don't hold a grudge against people at plunge or guts out. But nevertheless, it's just, you know, it's all full of crap. I guess the gambling is not illegal. It's taking the bet that is. I see the book making for it is illegal. But you can't prosecute the betters. The betters are called as witnesses. And I'm going to call up on Moji Solomon. He's going dead for a long time. But check them out. I'll see the problem with him was he was a good guy. And he'd give people credit. You know, he's just a little softy, you know, and get the wind up getting holding the bag. As they say. Kind of like, you know, somebody else we need to go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. Just to hold the bag. Release the clip on the side of the chair. Somebody was telling a story about how they were in, Omaha for the College World Series. And sunny, as soon as you want to go, the races. It wasn't an ex-sarban. It was someplace else. Or no, it was to a casino. Really? And want to go play a few hands of blackjack. He says it's not too far from here. Who was 200. Of course. They get driving a driver. Where is he? He's a play. No problem. Sure. For a few hands of blackjack. Yeah, no problem. That's a real degenerate for him. That was something. Well, see, in Calamazoo, the great thing that we had going is that was like midway between Detroit and Chicago. So once in a while, if I was in a right mood instead of going to Detroit, I had a couple of friends used to go with me. When, instead of going east, we'd go west and we'd go to sportsman's park or, um, Washington Park or Washington Park in Chicago. Yeah. And stop in Grand Rapids. They had, uh, windshielders restaurant. They were selling my favorites. Stop for dinner and then go to the track in Chicago. And did pretty well on those days, too. But why I tell you, you know, everybody, about not everybody, but most people in life who are gamblers, they have a period of time when they just everything goes right. You can't do anything wrong. I remember one time at 24 consecutive winning nights at Northfield Downs. I've been on both sides of those things. Oh, oh, yeah. There's no question about it. They make up for it. So it's like it would buy into the same thing. You have a couple of good days and then they get it back real fast. But nothing, the gamblers are the most unbounded species. That's correct. You're right about that. That's the real, the correct. We don't keep coming back. They'll drive through a blizzard to get to a track. Can't gamblers are a lot like cats. You can pick it up and throw it against the wall and it comes back for more. I just don't know what you think. No, we'll take no for an answer. Well, so no lose too much this weekend. Kind of like, you know, I'm plunging my guts up. I'm what? I haven't made a bet in a week. I'm ready. That's right. You got to hurricanes and Florida baseball game tomorrow. That should be a good idea. I won't be betting on that. No, that would be a real sick. If you told me you were betting on that, I'd have you G8. I'm not dragging your ass away. No, I bet on sprint training baseball. No, good. I knew a guy used to call me to ask me if I knew what the pitching rotation was going to be for the Orioles. I'm a particular day because he was betting exhibition baseball. Well, he needs a little action. That's all the day. Is everybody could use the little action? Yep. Have a great weekend. Yeah, you too. I'll see if Tuesday. I'm taking Monday off. Don't take any wooden nickels. Okay. Are we going to do it? Be well. Why, day, you first. That's a little bit more. Oh, what's the problem, officer? The boy from the rear. What? What? If you're God driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorist acts such as mouth noise. Perfect. And fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. The law. You said it. I love that story. I mean, I wasn't a great experience. It's kind of a help for stealing. Trying to like eat your bearings on a sheet of ice and you can't take a step. But spit it all around. Getting an old man holding his hand, offering me the give me assistance to cross the street. Oh, I can't rob it. Wow. That was really a wake-up car. And I know a lot of people are saying, well, you always used to make fun of the old people down here. What are you saying now on how they earn old code? I got news for it. It's not for it. I'm still like a teenager. No question. Didn't you get to be about 90 just about everybody's, I had a lot of older new are. You're going to walk or yet, so. Not yet, Sunny. No, especially the, well, I like the ones with little wheels on. Oh, those are the best. Well, what are those? I don't understand what that is. I guess, I guess that's for people who don't have the strength to like, um, pick them up pick it up like, hey, go. So, is that what you did? That's right. You just scooted along. Oh, and I forgot to mention, oh, geez, what the hell is wrong? We got all whipped up and I think about the gambling and old people. The Marlins, I want to talk to the Humper about that. Continuing to explore relocation and held discussions with the top official from Oklahoma City. But haven't decided what to make or visit there. What's kind of hard to like make and move unless you're going to talk to some folks, you know? Oklahoma would tend to cover a very foul and city yesterday. She's spoken four times to Marlins Vice Chairman Joel Mail about the team relocating and the Senate information about the market's demographics economic development. She initiated the conversations by writing letter to Marlins President David Samson last November. Falun said the Marlins requested information about a stadium financing plan, potential stadium sites, Oklahoma City's AAA baseball team, their red hoax and the city's climate. I've asked them several times to visit and they said after they received the packet of information, it'll be considered Falun said. There's no planning placed out fund stadium, but she and the governor are willing to consider it. Right. And the sky. What does this casino they keep showing on the certainly Nazi news network? Where is that? Is that in the blocksie? Oh, Harris? You're in forever. Take an again ball on the return of gambling in the big easy. Oh, it's in an Orleans. I didn't realize they didn't have that because you know, did you know that? No, I didn't know. Well, how come I wouldn't talk to the Harper about that? I thought it was in the blocksie they were showing us. They got heres into Orleans. Well, maybe there might be a reason to go there. I'll tell you one thing. Well, it won't be a lot of competition for the machines. Mine, you get a good machine. The other thing is they probably got them all set to pay out about 3% because they're not handling a lot of money at this time. At 2.25 yesterday morning, bowling green police responded to a loud party at the Alpha Gamma Roe House at 1436 Chestnut. I got to figure out where the hell this is. This Orlando. During the investigation, oh, this must be an out of nowhere the hell this is. During the investigation of the agriculture fraternity, police discovered a goat in the basement. It had no photo water was standing in its own urine in feces. They took the goat for the human society and charged W.K.U. Freshman, 19 year old Trenton Dakota Jackson of Henderson with secondary cruelty animals. First Henderson is in an unalight. I don't know. Throughout this. From W.K.B. from W.B.K.O.13, I can't figure out on this word. Hell, what's state or what the place is then? Very unusual. Anyway, Brian Payton is the president of Western's Alpha Gamma Roe chapter. He says the goat was brought in on a whim as a prank to make some pledges think they would have to have sex with it. But Payton says it wasn't hazing related. No one was ever going to have sex with the goat. Right. Yeah. W.K.U. is director of media relations at the university. He's notified the H.E.R. National Office and suspended their check activities while they investigate. See there you go again. But the return to craft we're talking about. Your state's almost is not having sex with the goat. It's almost as exhilarating as running naked on the beach with your friend for our bodies. But not the monkey. Why? Because what I'm not a mirror. What's that? What's that? W.K.U. Well, somebody is a question-contecuous university. Is that sound logical? Okay. I'll be honest. I can just go to shot. What are you saying? Fumant of Sanctuary 10. Let's take a look at that award-winning schedule. They got guilty into. Wow. That is a good way to squeak your way into the weekend. We got mad, mad dog and gas-bees and baby at four. Curtis Stevenson at seven, who is absolutely rock solid and then any kids in a clock tonight. Fumant of Sanctuary 10. You can't assume we got yesterday's full 75. Oh, and you know what I left off yesterday. I wanted to apologize for all of the bad. obvious ones. Well, there are a lot of somebody cartoons. Blonde and Dagwood. Oh, yeah. Isn't that bad? That'd be bad. And Andy Cat. Right. I think we'll... What's an Andy Cat mentioned? Or did I bring that? No, you was handy cat. I see. But not Andy Cat. My favorite drunk and wife feeder. Right. There you go. Well, you're going to start with those drunk and Irishman comments again. We'll move along. I think he was British. Andy Cat? Yeah. No. Yeah. I think he was Irish. Well, it comes to mattresses. They're a lot of gimmicks out there. The latest are so-called sleep numbers. Otherwise, no one is air mattresses. The other call them hotter mattresses. Because they're only warranted in full for two years. They squeak like hell. They pop just like that. They can lose their setting to the right. And they cost you an arm in a leg. If you really want a high quality bread and a mattress. It'll give you a great night sleeping. We're last for years and years. They call our good friends at dial a mattress. Like I've been doing for a very long time now. Just call 1-800 mattress. Because when you make that college, you'll get no run around. No showrooms, shenanigans. Just factory-direct prices and the best brands. You know trust and love. When you call 1-800 mattress, you're some sort of largest inventory of the top names in the mattress. Business, sir. Still silly. A silly silly. A Simmons Kingcrawl type of beating. And silly students in foster you. And already for same day, liver, prices lower than so-called big name chains doors. Even during your so-called big sales. So call 1-800 mattress. Just sit there on your fat ass and make that call. You can have the video on delivered at the date and time you're looking for. And in two hours, liver, when it's convenient for you. Just pick the window and they'll hop right through it between noon to two, 1-3, 2-4, 145 and 3-45, etc. I've been a, I'll satisfy the bottom after a customer for years. Most of the QA members of Violet Codont do. And I guarantee you will be too. I'll bet you the water not see's life on it. Call today 1-800 mattress or log out of their website, mattress.com. That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. We've got the last SBKS because it stands for savings and of course. This is a meal Roger's. This is 5-16-2-8. I've got it that thing, will you? No. We'll the same day and we'll be the same as the baby. No way, no, I wonder if the breath will be for me. Lucky little baby boy knows all the gas to their flesh. And in my old white eyes come here to bend your dish. The world is making such a major fall. Over and generally, it must be done. When you have this daddy's after my wish, please. When he makes baby dozens, when two big prouds in the lift. When the kid is born, a baby wins and no bell-fry. Even though he does nothing, it can't open his eyes. The world is making such a major fall. Over and generally, you know, it's better. What if you live too? Go to heaven and chew. You'll be wishing for it. If there will be fire. The world is making such a major fall. And you'll both are angelic years, Peter. You can see the pot must be burnt. There's a lot of English lay about. There you go. And Northern English to see. Heart, heartle, heartle pool. Whatever the hell that is. It's all the same craft. Just a matter of degree of who drinks the most. The Irish of the Germans. What? The Germans? Yeah. Not even close. They drink beer for breakfast. I think the Russians would take it. I know. The Irish would put butter on the table. You ever, well, I've never been Ireland. And I've never been to Russia. I don't know some Irish. But I haven't been to Germany a lot. And I'll also answer that. And they start drinking about 9 in the morning. But then again, those are probably the bricks in the Germans. Oh, no. The Dutch hate the Germans. With such a passion. It's just, it's really astonishing. The greatest, I've told you this before. The greatest insult because the language is somewhere similar to the very gutter. The greatest insult you can give to a Dutch minister to think that he's German. Who give you a dick change? I don't know. I don't know. People are having a blast with that dick. So to speak with that dick, Cheney. I've got a ton of science now. I'm picking them off one by one every time. So go on our website, go on your rages.com and keep yourself off the streets and use them Have a great time. Little bird chute. And speaking of that, Lafayette Colorado. Our is after laughing about Vice President Cheney's hunting miss hat. Josh Kaiser, was himself shot by a friend during a hunting expedition. That'll teach him to laugh at our vice president, won't it? The funny one you were laughing at, man, was taking the hospital Monday night after his girlfriend accidentally shot him while they were trailing a raccoon that had been preying on chickens on his family's property. They were cool and hunt. I read that thing about the vice president said to myself, how can you shoot your friend with your gun? And look what happened that he said on Tuesday. Kaiser was crouched down, look under her shed where he thought a wounded raccoon was hiding. And a 17 year old girlfriend accidentally shot him with a 22 caliber rifle. Police seven identified her ass yet. I like that. First, we just knacked in and she came right up behind him and shot him and wrecked him. Just knacked in. WDQAM hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing there? Okay. The one I tried to get to yesterday but I couldn't make it. The parked in the house thinking up was a Muhammad cartoon. There you go, that's good. Yeah. Now let's see if we can't get some, I got a great story about that too. Good segue. Iranians loved English pastries but when they look for the psyche deserved it to make we they now have to ask for roses of the prophet Muhammad. This makes that whole thing about freedom, fries, pailman, what's the difference? Those ragged heads man, they got a sense of humor or what? Just amazing. In other words, they're pissed off but not pissed off enough to give up their Danish pastries. So instead of, if we're going them, they're going to call them something different. Roses of the prophet Muhammad. Baked we's across the capital, we're covering up their ass. We'll be great if we had that song air, but things come up. Roses who did that Steve Lawrence's Eighty Gorm. Was it? Me. I think so. Baked we're across the capital, we're covering up their ass. Now you're not going to have that in there. It's we know whatever you got. For Danish pastries, they're after the confectioners union ordered the name change in retaliation for those caricatures of the Muslim prophet published in a Danish newspaper. Given the insults by Danish newspapers against the prophet, as of now the name of Danish pastries will give way to rose of Muhammad pastries union incidents order. God, how stupid. This is a punishment for those who started misusing freedom or expression to insult the sanctities of Islam said Ahmad Mahung, Imam Ubi, Imam Ubi, a cake shot order in Northern Terran. One of Terran's most popular bakeries, Danish pastries, covered up the word Danish. That's the name of the place. Covered up the word Danish on its sign with a black banner and blazing old Hussein. A reference to a martyred saint of Shiite Islam, the vaners' traditional sign of mourning. The shop owner declined to comment. Ons are tossed sweet and central Terran, cake shop owner must be fedari didn't cover up the word Danish pastries on his menu, but put the new name next to it. I did so just to inform my customers that rose of Muhammad is the new name for Danish pastries. Some customers took immediately the new name, but others were less enthusiastic about the protest. I just want to sweet pastries. I have nothing to do with the name. Homemaker Zoroch Masumi told the sales clerk, taking order. Just give me the Danish's and shut the crap. They like him, they want him, and they don't give a crap. So, in other words, they're pissed off, but not that pissed off. So, they should not make it in Danish land, are they? I would doubt it. Sorry, well, that doesn't matter what they come up. Oh, look at this, this is shocking. Yeah, welcome back. Join George tomorrow afternoon from 1 to 3 p.m. at Bass Pro shops off 9.95 and Griffin Road in Dania. Stop by the spin the Qm Ville. Your chance to win free prizes, spin that Ville, maybe it'll be the Ville of meat. Yeah, 1 to 3 advanced pro shops, tomorrow with George, his first appearance in a very... Ever so long, yeah. Very long time. He needs the cash real bad. So, a lot of people show up, please, maybe we could another one. But that would be better. Okay, best cartoon character of all time is... How many votes have we got on this? A 1572 because I chopped it off around 9.06 or 7 last night to put the new one on? Best cartoon character of all time, bugs bunny 2709. Do I really want to read all of these? There's 4,000 names on it. Oh, oh. 2709 for bugs he affixed ass. Homer Simpson won 77. Cartman from South Park 159 who should have been the winner. While he caught in Road Runner 91, Rocky and Bullman Cole 71. Glad to see they made a move. Beaver's in Vuehead 66, Charlie Brown 60, Superman 59, Tom and Jerry 49. Mickey Mouse had 43. Probably a little better because we played that reminder. Yeah, little... Yeah, that's it. Batman 43. Fred Flintstone and Varney Rubble had 36. SpongeBob Squarepants 35. Snoopy 27. Kathy Duck 24 Speed Ratio 20 Ren Stimpy 20. Donald Duck 19. Underdog 19. Scooby-Doo 19. Boris Baddoth and Natasha Fathal 18. Mr. McGoose 17. Papa 16. Nobody got care for Oliver Augusta. Only Oliver. Get finally. Mighty Mouse 15. Peter from... Now you got to admit even though that movie was really embarrassing me bad. There were some memorable scenes of it. Many of most of them because the acting was so bad. Like when it was eating the canole. Even when he was gagging and choking on the poison canole, Eli Wallace acting was horrendous. You remember the scene? He's like... His jaw was like flopping. Longest, most annoying death ever. Just croak already. That's what Connie was. Who else say nothing to theatre too? I've gotten just here. Hi! You're so skinny and she like just gummed a little bit off the rim of that thing. Peter from Family Guy 14. Foghorn Leghorn 10. Felix the Cat 10. Betty Boop 10. What do you would pick her in Hekel and Jackal A9? Top Cat 9. A for yogi bar and booboo Barton Lisa Simpson. What kind of a show is this talking about yogi bar and booboo? Pink Panther 7 Bobby Hill from King of the Hill and Darria, Darria, Thirria and T.D.A. Twidian Silverster head 7. I'm not gonna read all the rest of these. Thad Albert only had four porcupig head only four almer. Elmer flood five Alfred Newman five Alfred E. Decrecies six. Speaking of Zales only, I'd do right only had two. That's bad. Joe Pelucco only two. Winnie the pool only one. The Lord for the Lord for the Lord for the Lord for the Nancy. Michigan J. Frog Peabody and Sherman. Oh man. Joseph in the pussycats Pikachu and Captain Marvel still had. Even after I made an impassioned plea for Porsche's A. Em, Oasis named Billy Batson. What else? Right. What on the memory man? I got batsons in my belfry. It's Bill Frey. 27 after 10 at 5.60. WCM. You got food coming today, boys. We did a John Baker coming with a fantastic sloppy sausage. And I'm sure maybe 20 or 30 of those delicious bits in the world. South Florida pizzas. World famous garlic rolls as big as Kimbubbobb. Bo campers hit. They got all kinds of your 10 in favorites man. Down home Italian goodies like Lezani. Chicken Parmesan, Veal and Peppers, Can't see it again. Can't see it. Can't see it. Can't see it. I can't see it. I've got a little bit of a size hot and cold. Some of all different shapes, flavors and varieties. John the Baker's been around a time for a long time over 30. I'm 30 years in a few different locations. I've got two great locations for you. John the Baker's in temperate pines at 125 92 pines Boulevard. He's also in the Cooper City at the corner sterling in pine. I'll leave it 885 sterling road. For take out in tempered pines called 9504-431-43515. And in Cooper City called 950-2509-1. The food is fresh delicious. They give you gigantic portions. And of course the prices are teeny and tiny. So you can pick a whole family in time and time again. For truly great attending goodies and fantastic some of the best pizza you've ever had. It's John the Baker in tempered pines and prestigious Cooper City. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-2-1-8-6. Okay, f***ing bowl. Absolutely. You will know I'm as dead as there can be. I'm glad that my life may not get moving. No number made sure for best pictures, friends. I'm glad I'm in. I'm longer than. Good podium, broke back last winter game. Cowboys never did that back in my day. You found good night and good luck was a total for. Munich was long. It raised me snore. This winter spoon in play my June Carter can't. Better than zillion or chie-doll in crannies. Which I had a chance with recent sacs because once you don't like you don't go back. I'll be looking down from heaven at night. Watchin' me over some of my satellites. If we still win well then we'll heavily quire. We'll help me bring the ring of fire. Hello. You're the kid. Bye, Giants. Maybe that's why they call them man and black. I never really thought of that no more. That makes sense. Be full. Anyway, here's the today's pool. What movie had the worst ending of all time? I'm sure George Vota for Magnolia? I was going to die. I added the blur which all that's right. George Vota. I don't know if it's not. I don't know if it's not. It's not my bad. Well that's because I haven't seen. I would say the overwhelming majority of these. I think you're probably just as well. You are a lucky man that way. Yes I am. We got 686 of old semis. We're going to go over a thousand during the show again today. I just mentioned that in passing for those who keep track of these things. It's a very important for the record book for the Aneals of American History. And the human race. Worst ending to Blair Witch Project wasn't even on there and you added on about. I don't know. 830. 830 clock. 745. Okay. And it's gone from nowhere to number one. 7th. Hands down. Well I may not have been a good ending but at least it was consistent all the way through from what I hear. Easy writer. 66. I did see that but so long. Go. I forgot what about it. War the world. 59. Unacceptable. Contact. 54. AI artificial intelligence. 48. Vanilla Sky. 42. Apocalypse. Not that far. And every guy close to the end of that. 10 to the eighths 29. Is that the part where writing McDowell comes out. Yay. They might be talking about the the most recent version. Yeah. I'm sure they are. Which is horrible. I understand. But that would have had nothing to do with writing McDowell. 7. Private Ryan 28. To village 25. Magnolia. Oh my god. You people's man. Magnolia. 22. The Abyss 17. Jacob's. See. A lot of people don't like Magnolia. For getting about the ending. It's a lot of story that starts here. And then it's got a middle. And there's like some tension. I've said in the drama. Correct. And then in here. And everybody's got a big smile on their face. I like at the ending of improbable in heroes. You know, I'm actually in a hero. Right. We see. You know, it's a great movie. But the ending is a little. Yeah. A little. But it's fine. It has a conclusion. No. No. No. No. I got no complaints about. Right. But that's not how all good movies are. Or even most good movies are like that. The ending. But man. But it's, you know, it's real crap. The Abyss 17. Jacob's latter 13. I did see that a very long time ago. I tried twice to watch that. But it's so long way for get about the bad ending. The birds 12. Yeah. The birds. Well, see now that movie is camp because the scratcher will affect their so bad. You know, I could draw. I could draw little pitches of birds of beer. And I'd dig 10 years shot. At least shot at. But they're looking birds and those. Didn't always hit him. But. And then the ending where they just kind of drive off. And here the birds are working. Oh, you know, it does leave it to your imagination. You wonder what what they'll happen after that, you know. Maybe maybe that was like the beginning of the bird flu. You think that could be never thought about it. Flight 12 12. Darny Darko 12. Good movie with a horrible ending. I'm acceptable ending. Now, did you get through watching it or did you not waste your time? Don't watch it. You watch the whole thing. I thought you said you didn't watch the end. Oh, you know, you did watch the end. Mm-hmm. Not good. Mulholl and drive 11. Talk about bizarre. Now, there's a movie that's all over the place. Interesting, but strange. The natural Tim cold mountain 9 Chinatown 9. Looking for Mr. Good Bar 9. But that's a bad candy bar. You ever have a Mr. Good Bar? Mmm. I love Mr. Good Bar. Look at the one with a peer out in here. You're a taste is your touch, Mr. I can't believe it. They started a good candy bar. Toffee, what are you called he's bar? No. Ha. And even those Hershey bars with Toffee. Hmm. The eating walking all the stuff. Stop, please. The natural 10. Cold mind just got through. We know. Fish called Wanda 9. The game eight. And then the game. That was the one with Michael Douglas, right? I don't know. Yeah, that was very good. It's bad. No, it's not. The ending is unacceptable. To movies not bad. Ah. Get out of here. Why, you go eat your Mr. Good Bar. Minority report eight. Clue is eight. Superman 2, 7. The color of money. 6. LA confidential 6. LA story 6. Boy. I'm not bad endings in LA. Believe me. Blade runner 5. Clue for Poutoon 4. The contender for 40 days and 49's 4. That's what your chart said. The end end. Toon was great. What are they talking about? The ending may end like. Yeah. No. I got most of. I got a lot of these off list of bad endings on the internet. And all of them had explanations of why they hated. But I wasn't going to go through all of that. I'm going to ask you the same question where some of these don't make sense to me. Well, I mean, I can't speak for other people's taste and a lot of movies that they're pissed off about. I didn't see any way. So it's just on the list. And there's no one with some of the people agree. So they're getting votes. The contender for 40 days and 49's 4. Just grab it. Already Josh. Not you. But Josh Harden is just grabbing you. The big LeBouncy 4 is good as it gets 3. Armour of Darkness 3. Start us memories 3. Fushing 10. 2. What the hell is that? Pushing 10. It's a air traffic controller movie. I think it goes cage isn't it? Oh, you can't cagey. God. And it sounds like something that Jackie Bales were just said, pushing 10 in Bosnia. The heart rate kid, too. Poor Jackie Bales. I wonder what ever happened to her. Murdered by death, too. 12 Angry Men 1 and Red River don't have any other 733 vote. It was on somebody's list though, Red River. 12 Angry Men was a great movie. But the ending they said they didn't like for whatever reason. Again, I'm not going to go back to the hole. Ever heard that stuff to find out. What? Why, you know, who, uh, what? What? I'm kill some good time. No. Absolutely. The huge pile here today, movie, I could be got a big fat pile. WQAM, hello. QAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. New Roger. Steve. Yes. New Roger. Steve. Yes. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. Yeah. I've seen that. If you like Layla, I mean, that's outstanding when the guy goes through Layla to show how he produced it. Yeah. That's, I know. Layla. There are, you know, they're in fat stominal. There's, uh, cold, the criminal with a guy that looks like he more, either hot thing or whatever that guy's name is. Looks just like him, but it's not him. Yeah. And I'm seeing, which is the same movie in French. What is it? Nine. Nine. Nine. I know a nine queen. Yeah. Yeah. This is about Victor. Well, he saw a type of script in five and he's new at me and she grew up in a barrel. Once I've noticed that, all of theseBill and horses got them. The bull. Yeah. No. Or if you're having any cameraman, thats ill. Everybody's done, girl. Okay. And are you telling the story of her on the show? You wanna come out? I just never say that We got over his podcast on the studio. Except, yeah. I, if you want to appear on the show, i'll show you what you're doing. Yeah. They're in God and thanks again to such for the 4,000 times, but this is just it's like a part of my life It's more than just a movie. It's a part of my life in Remy because it's Motown and of course have a lived in Detroit Anyway, go out and get it. I might just play the whole Jonas one thing I was mean to a sweat when I was in that thing I just can envision her singing it in a movie and go get a towel and all those clips of course I guess are from that concert that they had and I still don't understand what they don't call out touring They don't make a movie. They just not necessarily with Joan Osborne and then just the band But I don't know who they're using his vocal. Yeah, but I don't think take those vocalists that they had in there They're also great except the course for a Kakakon except for her well because they're big names and have career And then what's the other the other chick that was in her whose name I can't She got all all a constant in her name. Yeah, she needs a vol movement Michelle You sell the one that they just can't head right Michelle and DG and Jelico or something like that Is that how you say or to Pelligo? It's still in the OCELO MX LZ That's right. He's fine tobacco Michelle mixle clicks it LSMFT and a lucky strike means find a back home Let's start doing some cigarettes initiation Spride You I can't. Yes. How be is there, Jack Day? A delightful mixture of humorous, termads and music. Yeah, can ask the finalists a line-up for the Doudi D'Oreation competition when they get some voice and watch his hands and wins a map. Pretty exciting stuff over here. The Reno hat. Oh, I have once had a Ford Torino. Yeah, I can't get it all done. That's it. Fourthly fellow is out already. Yes. I stand before you now and give that guy a number two. Or is it that you should down for number one? I could have a ribbon top. Now we go from the loop to the loop. Yeah, how you get it, deep loop. So what we have here, from the left to the right of your video screen, the bunch of men this, like not the snow on top of each other. Yeah, that's how unexciting this is to watch, not like my show. Oh, what do you mean? This is, I'm really excited. Oh, that's my number check for this. As I said, this is so exciting. I think we should join it. We should join the door. Amen. 1048 12 at us before 11 o'clock at 5. 6. WQM happy Friday to you. Joe Bell, interceded on my behalf yesterday with Todd Dreck. I forgot to mention that tank too. He should still be on with us. I'll go ahead. No, that's okay. But, seriously, should have mentioned that too. We finally got Todd Dreck. He grabbed him by the neck and just spun his head around like a cradle and it will plug a charm. Thanks, Joe. Worst ending to a movie, million dollar baby says DP. We're not forced as in bad but just unacceptable tragic. Really? There was a movie I watched a few weeks ago and I remember coming on here and screaming and yelling about it. I watched the whole thing for two hours for that and I came over which one of was. No, I know what you're talking about. That was one of you. I hadn't seen that I was thinking for saving me the turn. Watch the whole damn thing and then I thought, this is what the big deal was. It was crap and whatever it was. I've seen so many in the last year we've been so movie intensive. I'm a cheerleader. Four years ago, Joseph Cordell wasn't looking to lose weight at 5 feet 965 pounds in exercising regular. The then 43-year-old divorce lawyer was in pretty good shape. But, he didn't have anything against that in three years to his life and so in 2002 he overhauled his diet. He cut his daily caloric intake from about 3,000 to 1900. He turned away diet which if you want to live for a long, long time and I get sick. Of course, I weigh 190 pounds. I'm still fat as a slob. And certainly you don't stay on the straight narrow path as often as I should. And I don't ever get sick any more. I probably shouldn't say that. I probably want to put pneumonia tomorrow. But I just don't get sick. You know, you move to a stress-free place, right? Well, that's part of it. He turned to a diet rich in walnuts, berries, apple peels, broccoli, mountains of salad and lean protein. He says, you now weighs 129 pounds and almost never gets sick anymore. He's five nine. That's how tall I am. He weighs 129. Can you see me weighing 129 pounds? I look like carrying carpenter after six years of Auschwitz. I mean, you get serious. I did the loose skin. Oh, yeah, but I love loosely. His heart appears as reaping the benefit last month. Wait until you hear this, though. Last month, science has said to Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, published a study showing that the hearts of Cordellan 24 other people. Also have been practicing caloric restrictions for more youthful looking when viewed by ultrasound and the hearts of people on regular American diets as an oil clog. The 25 subjects who had consumed about a third-less calories that most people would normally eat for an average of six and a half years had heart walls that were more elastic with ventricles that were less and more readily to fill with blood. The hearts looked 10 to 15 years younger, said, Dr. Louis G. Fontana, hey, Louis G. Remember that show life with the way you're crucial. Would the J. Carol Nash, about your chicken act, does Louis G. Fontana and assistant professor want to piece kind of way and find ten of the mind vendors. Remember that groovy kind of love? Worst ending somebody says, Matrix Resolved Revolution destroyed the entire trilogy. Okay, Matrix Revolution's got it. We got it. The scientists now plan to study what restricting calories does to other parts of the body such as arteries, lungs, and kidneys. The findings published in the journal, the American College of Cardiology, I'll use a promising sign that a science rooted in animal data might help humans extend their lifespan. Researchers have found that mice and rats fit 30 percent. About 30 men. Two were calories from an early age lived 30 percent longer. About 30 men. And those give a regular amounts of chow. Oh, man, I can't wait to give my rat chow for lunch. You've heard of puppy chow? I got my rat chow. I got my rat chow. Such animal findings have inspired a cadre of caloric restriction enthusiast, cordial among them, and a, oh, wait to near this, a calorie restriction society which has several thousand members. Don't you want to be remembered of the calorie restriction society? I guess any one was your good bars. And I would have joined PETA too. And when John Baker shows up today, won't be able to have any of those good sloppy sausage subs. Probably that pizza pizza all for you. It says it's not a period where the calorie restriction can also extend maximum lifespan in humans, but scientists are continuing to investigate the idea of the idea. And then if there's a lot of the little bit of a warning so that people would say, well, you told us not to eat anything. Dressively reducing calorie and take his known to prolong life in animals and have health effects in humans, but it's not for everyone. They even be dangerous for some. It requires meticulously monitoring caloric intake while making sure you get the full range of nutrients. Some who practice caloric restriction say they're often cold because they're much less body fat and they slower metabolism. Some have reduced libido, oh, oh, Lord bone density is also a concern, but it's not necessary to dress you. We do caloric intake to reduce risk for diseases such as stroke, type two diabetes, hypertension and maybe sometimes of cancers and Dr. Luigi Fontan. You just need to switch your food choices from junk foods, virgin empty calories to nutrient foods like Mr. Goodbars. A Mediterranean dad of whole grains, beans, new vegetables, fruits, nuts and fish is a good first step. I might just go in and then I'll give my planers a cash use. All right, if you want to hear, make me so damn happy of you. Oh, yeah. We'll break all records today for insanity. Come in to QA and hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes. What's up? Hey, brother George. Can you spark it up man? Spark me up one. Sweet. Amen. I can you. I can you. A plate plate at Bocambre, oh, H560. Not Bocambre. What is wrong with you man? No, he not. Bocambre says that also. He does. Yeah. He's copy the code. It's croak and per man. It's croak and per. 567. Oh, eight, five, six. So Boca, I told you he was a dollar. And now you won't believe me. It's a good guy. But he's a dollar. He's a dollar. He actually. Whenever I argue with you. Wow. I mean, he's a boy. We like him a lot. I just want to put you guys lives in jeopardy because he might give. He might pick up that cow. Just like the chief and the cook who's never picked up that sink. He don't switch to the window. He might pick up the cow and come blast it right through the QM door there. 567, oh, H560. Come on. 567, oh, H560. Oh my god. He's serious? No. He's not. What would he be by that? He's a joke and see how you're laughing. That's why it's funny. Oh, I see. I was trying to do. He bowl wants to be the crow. He's doing a crow in a case and then I said, yes, really. A panic to bed. That's probably the sprain. 567, oh, H560. And pound five 60 and he'd rise. I mean, I just. You know, this the last two weeks. They've been doing the wheel of fortune. Tape again for a lot of deal. I wonder if any of those people in that audience are my listeners. I sure hope not. I've seen some really strange people. There was a, I don't know, a very strange looking dark eye on it. Who wanted to think last night at 117 grand. And then he missed the the the the the prize deal at the end of the puzzle. Okay. Which nobody would have gotten. It was juice box. I had the juice. No problem. I'll look a couple of words. But juice box, you know, who would have got that? And they would pat open the thing was 100 grand. Which, you know, if I was to go to just pick up patent and kill them. But anyway, one of the, one of the puzzles that he didn't get was Royal roasted. Uh, something, something. Something. Now, you know, I can't remember what it was. But his doesn't answer was just so, uh, ethnic, like short ribs or something like that. Oh, no. I thought it was broad roasted prime rib. Okay. And he said, broad roasted color rib. All right. Now that had like an ethnic overtones who it or my just imagining. They get you. No, I think to anybody. I don't, uh, dark folks eat a lot of spare ribs. Yeah. And maybe not somewhere at the time. But how could it was blank are blank? Oh, what are how could blank are some be spare ribs? No, I'm saying. Oh, yeah. And then the chick on her, she had the $10,000 thing sitting there and it was the, you want the easy. I mean, almost all the letters are filled and she still didn't get it. People are stupid in case you'd know. Where did they find somebody stupid people? And you're always coming over. That's such an easy show. Yeah. Okay. I agree with you. And I usually after the first people, that is I got the puzzle down. No problem. And these people am screaming at the screen. What is wrong with you? Guess some blonde Vimbo man. She keep blew a shit about 17 grand sitting there on the table and couldn't $10,000 deal, you know? And she'd choose a little right down the old toilet. You still ain't. Of course they're from Fort Lauderdale, so they're probably listening right now. Like I said, it was a swell crowd. This is Neil Ragnaric and Lava and my sister. I think I have a guy. Five, sixteen, eight, eight. This is the Neil Roger show. Do do do do do do do do do do. This is your brain. Who's your third to go? Any questions? I'll try. Anybody here? See Jack Gabriel Mom. Here is our adventure suit and for tomorrow. He's screwed out of people but he's somehow... I got him alive. I'm not a fool. I'm not a fool. I'm not a fool. I'm not a fool. I'm not a fool. I'm not a fool. I'm not a fool. I got him alive in Neil Farrow. Anybody here? See Jack Gabriel Mom. You people around their town. He's got to pick it up and go to the party's da-ha. Take me to show him with his son. They've been to the eyes of what the wild houses do for them. Or in this prison to throw what's there for you and me. He's a long past. He's working so hard. Another word to me is he but we're here. We say stop to make me. Or this prison has to hold. He's got a star. I've been long and can't pay why. He's from all south to south. And whatever man has governor. He's crazy. You're tragic. You can see that again. Look how red in the face he's getting. He's getting blown up like somebody put a bicycle pump up over there. You can change it back. He can't stand rush. Wow. There's a lot of things to get to get to the hole in. Look how red face he is. I think he's about 600 pound right now. I've got a lot of stress. You know he's got the dysfunctional family. Even though he and his whole family are so much better than the rest of us. That's right. Anyway, here's the facts from somebody. Love the show. Thank you so much. Looking at today's full of worst ending of all time as to be thumbnail. Louise. With a two dummies fly off the edge of the grand canyon. They're convertible like evil. And then I don't understand this because it's system by while a Cody when my favorite cartoon characters I think was left off list along with a road runner and while a Cody were both on there. Yes, they were together. What does that mean? Other vegetable worst movie ending that champ. I'm not talking about the champs. I don't know what's the champ. You want to put on there? Sure. And it says, ves cartoon characters. You're not the best but you're a bit on their stewy stewy from the family guy. Oh, I don't know from family guy. I don't know from that. I tell you, say family guys on the street talking to morning or something. No, no, that's a aquatine hunger force that is. Oh, god. Family guy is great. Right up there. We got it. I feel so old now that I don't know family guy and the guy that tried to resume. Help me across the street. I would like to. I would like to. If you could have seen how I recolored when he held his. He loved his on. And he held his on. And he held his on. Here grab my hand. I'm going to help you up in the help of you stagger. Get in the way. Take it and help in hand. There pops. No, sorry. No, before we get that. A little more self respect than that. Even my work on this radio station. Just a little tiny bit of self respect. I'm going to get you a walker with no tires on it. And when I'm seeing these tunks out there, slip it and slide and do it in a cartwheels on the ice. It made me think, well, if they can do it, then I don't feel so bad. In addition, which it wasn't a bad fall, so I couldn't let call in sick or nothing like that. Oh, by the way, speaking about that clerk, restriction story, just very briefly. And I never really thought about the irony of it, because I tried not to watch him anytime. Look at Susan candy, yaddy. Somebody hit her with the ancient stick. Look at that. I pray Susan. I think that according to the medical exam. She don't look at day over 100. Just what we spoke with. Wow, that's about that boot camster. What a kid died. Look at to it. What Susan, what we like Susan, like, Jesus sweetheart, but she, Yeah. In fact, she's sitting from that phony skyline of Miami. You see that behind her. It changed it. Why do you keep doing that? Because there is something we can live on. Because the important come on there. Lady Impotent, like your fan as governor. President Bush talked about good health and his plan to help America pay for it for an hour on Wednesday and double an Ohio. He's double in his pleasure at the home of at the home office of the nation's third largest perveyor of hamburgers and french fries Wendy's. And when he's in a national, he was given lecture about good health. Oh man, I wonder if Dave Thomas had a chocolate or two. But he heard that as he was trying to unclog his arteries. We love Wendy's by the way. We love them like crazy, but it's the bread and a fries. It's the month and a half with a meat and a cheese and all of them veggies they put on a slice of tomato. Maybe a little onion. But it's the ketchup that soda would sugar in a course of the buns and the fries. And you continue insisting on a fries. What time is that food to tell you? I ordered a slice. What time is the food to tell you? I don't know, not soon enough. I think it's probably going to be slobbing both of the mics eating the little coffee. So soft. Sounds awful good to me. WKOM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Mr. Hey, Dylan. Good. I'm wondering if you've had a chance to check out Mr. Lanceters blog in the last week. I just, you must be second because I just exchanged emails with him in last day yesterday and then I got a response today. He's not doing well with him very sad to see. Very sad. And it also, you know, I can't put myself in his position but he sounds like he's quite down and it's unfortunate. All right. But I think when he's on the other side, I can understand why he's quite down. But he'll, you know, he can reassess whether he wants to do the dialysis or whatever and you know, it's up to him. Absolutely. Well, I was very sad to see it. And I'm kind of glad that you guys had a chat on the air a few weeks ago with a nice day here, but I do wish it well. He's good guy. I agree. Okay. Thanks, Paul. He, I just got a nice response to, I mean email them last night and then I got a response this morning, which is nice when people respond to your emails. You know, there. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, and again, and like I admitted to him in my email last night. You know, when I first remember, first thought out that he had all the health problems from the diabetes. You know, he get on the air and you talk like, we talked. Anybody can talk, but it would, but everybody talks. Anybody can talk to a good game. It's another thing to practice what you preach. And it's another thing to break life long, bad eating habits or smoking habits or drinking habits or gambling habits or all of these things. So I told him, I said, you know, I've been doing the best I can. It loses a couple of pounds, but every now and then I still, you know, because I don't care what anybody says. You know, are you all you want to me, sugar, and you find carbohydrates are just as addictive as any drug ever known to a man and woman and child. No question. I mean, it's just addictive. And then, the proof is in those pungle spots. You can't eat only one. And that's the idea because they're loaded with chemicals and with stuff that do a tap that, a Todd direct tap that send your taste buds to make you want to eat more. So you took it. If you only any year okay, well, once you get the first one, you're screwed, you're going to need to hold box. By the way, ladies, what? You can't eat only one. I thought it was pungle. Next, ladies. Well, it's pretty good. Once you pop, you can't stop. Yeah. Well, yeah, but that's a sexual fact. And just to prove them wrong, the last time I encountered a bag of lays potato chips. And I haven't won. And I haven't had enough. I haven't even liked lays potato chips. And in fact, unlike potatoes chips in the first place, but in spite of that, if I got one of those two two, yeah, a pringles, I would eat probably the whole thing. Well, and you can't say you don't like them. Pringles, I said, yeah, I like pringles. No, you don't understand. And I don't mean I don't like potatoes chips, but it's not something I would never go out and buy them. No, that's what I mean. In other words, it's not like bread. I don't really care that much for bread. If I never had it again, it would be okay. But if I go into a good restaurant, like it Ruth Chris or one of those places, they bring you a bunch of warm bread with garlic butter. I'm going to have the bread, you know? Yeah. Right. Here you go. I love all of my good garlic balls like John and Papers bringing you guys a little while. For your father, for your father, no for me. Thanks, but no thanks. That's Chicago's answer to invitation to submit a bid to host the 2000-Averte Public National Convention. They already had that problem not season Illinois in the Chicago server was Skokie. Remember that a few years ago? Hmm. So they said, well, we had enough Nazis in Illinois already go someplace else. The Republican National Committee said yesterday Chicago went 30 other cities. Not 30 men. We're selected as a mid-Vids explaining why they'd be a good choice to host the 2008 Convention. But a spokesman from Mayor Dick Daily said, City Hall ain't interested. Jackie heard said City officials are more focused rather than pursue a campaign host the 2016 Summer Old Embers. Chicago hosted the Democratic National Convention, 96. There you go. No thanks to the Republicans. The American Nazi Party formerly known as the Republican Party. 560, 560, 560, Verizon, and Singular Wireless Line. The worst movie ending you've ever seen. You know that, and to me, it's just it's deflating. You spend an hour and a half, two hours, maybe even two and a half or more hours of your time. Especially when you say, if you actually bought a ticket, you know, and drove all the way out there. That's even worse than that. If you went out and you spent like a 20-30 bucks for the DVD, you know, that American history ext. That was in the $2 for $30 a bit to get lost. Yeah, unbelievable. Oh yeah. We got these HMV. I don't think that's in the State City. HMV record source. Oh, man. What a great place. Every DVD that's ever been invented. Every TV show that was over on the year. You want to pay God it. Well, I want it. But they got it. Oh, I still got to get you a lot of casher fall. Oh, you know what that was on the other day, but it was the wrong version. Oh, the new one. That was rather than winning. It was going to be shot for the, I'm not going to move it. That did not need to be remade. It's somebody ought to be murdered for doing that. The original, you dig a lot of laughs out of it. Trust me when I tell you. I'm scared to be seen where he's dressing up like, like mommy. Oh, and the more he's eating, where the, I can't go in it. They're eating the soup and it's got the pictures of the young boys Frallicking, as he said, the young children Frallicking. No girls, but in the soupals, you know, those queens. Yeah, very artsy, artsy. Right. Twelve minutes past eleven at five, sixty wqa, and with lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast High Speed, the internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for 49.95 a month for two months, with an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL-15, and up to a hundred times faster than dial-up. Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Rapsity, radio plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. And you get macrophysicurity tools, including to be sure that you're in another experience as always safe and secure. So what do you wait and for, start doing more fast than ever sign up for Comcast, High Speed Internet today for just nine ninety five a month for too much. You'll want to hire you ever to get along without it. And Dave Call 3-05 Comcast and in Broward. Nine five four Comcast. This is New Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Purchase, fasty ball. Oh, the monster is swear by King in the end. That's horrible, all by the way. Bring me a hit to the door for three and school. Who had a slam dunk by the way? Twenty-nine. The King's take on that two boo devils from Cameron and Doris Stadium. Right here, it's for you life sixty for what's solid. All right guys, big ball. We've got a good... And there's nothing like that that's what I have as a great average man. We're like your family, yeah. You know what? There he goes. You know how to handle that thing. Of course. And that man. And I tell you what, yeah. Lesslie, nothing. And you won't that way. And I can't, well, surrounded by the west of the west of the west. It's all in the air. And if you see that thing, we've got the inside. We're doing a good job. Three of birds. Nine, three, one, one, one. And where? Oh, five. Five. Five. Five. Eight. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. And of course, they didn't even ask to take brutalize their test. Because what would have been applied like the next morning, right? Oh, you're gone, KG. Huh? Right? Well, what have been applied? Couple of all geases go bird hunting in the shooting station in Brazil with a couple of chicks that aren't their wives. And, you know, had a little bit snuckered in the afternoon. And in fact, the only thing that would have been considered is that there was no drinking during the hunting. Well, what about before the hunting? What's about in the car on the way up to there you go. That's exactly correct. So they got a little sloshed and were like staggering around there. And by the bang, yeah. Can you saw something move? And I was that. And it and we'll never get to real story. And the sheriff said, OK, that's the end of the case. Case closed. And that's it. You're like the Wayne Gretzky in his wife for that whole business. 792 votes on the pool. What movie had the worst ending? The Blair Witch Project 79. Easy riders 74. War the world 71. Unacceptable outrageous. Contact 54. A1 on a digital intelligence 53. Movie about Kimbo, Kampere and the Crow. Bow and Crow. Analyst guy in 47. Apocalypse now 35. You'll never get that far. 10 or the age 32. The village 31. Saving Ryan's private 31. Magnolia 26. Shame on you people. Just a second up to George. The Abyss 20. Jacob's ladder 16. The birds 15. Fight Club 15. Mulholl and Drive 13. Very. I think you have to be straight as an arrow when you watch that movie. You have to be very alert. No drugs because, or maybe just the opposite. Maybe you have to be on a lot of drugs because it's very hard to follow. $0.12. That is a dark O12. Outstanding movie. The very unacceptable ending. He dies. A fish called Wanda 12. Chinatown 10. Looking for Mr. Good Bar 10. Bad candy bar. Of the natural 10. Some other, you know, I don't like her. We just paint a butter cuffs because I don't like peanut butter. Man, you just, right? Well, I just want to have that taste. Yeah, and candy. I mean, that's those are my two, uh, ah, that's because you like peanut butter. Mushy. I don't like mushy man. I don't like peanut butter. Yeah. I like peanut butter by itself, but not in candy bars. It's like I like mushrooms but not in pizza. So I like peanut butter. I like the love of somebody who has chocolate all over it. I love the mushrooms but not in pizza. I'm sorry. There you go. Yeah, I have fantastic candy bar right. I'll stick with my score and heap bar crunch. Okay. Thank you. Cold Mountain 9. The game 9. Minority report 9. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the game. The color of money is 6 L.A. Storage 6, 40 days, 49, 5. Even with Joshua Hartnett and not doing it, I don't want to see anything. He does do it. I don't want to see it. The matrix revolution for clue 4, Platoon 4, the contender 4, as good as it gets 3. Army of Madden, a darkness 3, murdered by death 3, Start us mammaries 3, pushing 10, 2. The heartbreak kid 2, 12 angry men 1. And red river finally got one. Let's hear it for red river. Another song by CCR. John and Ford L.A. John and Ford L.A. John and Ford L.A. It was about air traffic controllers, but I can't tell you about the ending. I never made it halfway through. That's good. I did such a snatch slice down on charges in my son's recommendation. It was pretty good. I was glad I watched it till the end. Did I watch it? I know I got it. In the other room. Did I watch it? You didn't. You were to set up. You didn't even have to do it. I'm going to do it. The combination of oceans and love and pup friction, Hannibal, with a touch of fight club. That's a good thing. It's a good work. I keep the spirit of mobile live. Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom. It's a very good story. It's a story. It's a story. It's a story. It's a story. It's a story. Did everybody hold me that he bought that? Did I bring you a shirt? Snatching it until you bought that? I got it. I've had it for a long time. Really? A long time. I've got a few movies in there. I bought a lot. What's about time you gave it to try? In fact, let me go. I'm going to grab a movie right now. Play a little thing. Because I wanted to tell you. It looked. I was in buying stuff the other day. And I don't know about you. Interesting to me. I'll just grab that and put it in my pile. I'll buy that too. It must be nice. So it's a play a little bit. Did he or something? I'll get tired of this. I had to do it. Did he? Did he? Did he? Nothing. Imagine it. Did he? Got you. Got you. Get you. I'll get you out. It's called saying nothing. Okay. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. I'll just grab that. And then just grab that. I'll just grab that. Then just grab that. I'll do that. It's a joke. I'll just grab that. Never get a score. That's. So what would you say. There's a potential. This is just a winning one. I can't wait for her. Those things will be fine. I'll go back. Take your regards. Take six. Six dollars. Domino. Nin't. Yes. Good. with you probably never seen it for the Richard years in it. Oh my god, thank god, I didn't see that. The guy in lane is in it and it's the most unsatisfying ending ever. Okay. You know, it can be riveting at some Georgia-Jeversea that movie? I don't know. Oh, okay. You know, we're different year and so it's unlikely. Yeah, probably not. Yeah, I think you're only followed the primal fear with him, but I've never seen that one. Okay. Thanks. Have a great weekend. Okay. You see that in the sea saying nothing or she would have said something. I'm actually nobody seen it. So I guess I'll just one of these very, it says being faithful can be unfaithful, can be deadly or whatever it says. It probably sucks. I know, it just looked interesting. You know, I just got to talk about it. I mean, we need to blurb on it and so when involved was in that thought, I was probably pretty interesting. I never know until you watch it. That's for sure. And it was why we those reviews and pay attention. Just like City and God, I enjoyed it very much. I'm glad I finally did watch it. I give it like a good seven and a half star. I'm going to have up. I give it to some and a half right. Well, that Roger Ebert, he's always took an estimate somewhere. I'm usually so. I'm usually so. I'm just a freak out of that show. Oh, God. Yeah, sure, Mr. Jean. I close to show you there's no God. What was the guy's name? Jean Syskel. Yes. He's dead. And he had Roger. He was an enemy of the guy. And Roger Ebert, I'm just like, well, when the last of these and other mincing queen movie critical, okay, give me a break. And then remember who married that black chick for about ten minutes for tax purposes. So you can't wrap like that. That's scam he had going. Hey, Roger, you ain't cool nobody. In fact, I would be surprised if he's in there with Tom and the John Revolta. This is Neil Roger. You fell. This is five, sixteen, two, eight. I'll put it stuck in theaters now when it's true. Two calls. Hello. Hi, this is Paul from the Pride's place. We have great deals for you regarding the concept. You must be Jail. We were so thrilled to find a baby that are at the last minute. Two. How does it work with an uncolyngly, the guy in the edge of the movie? I found that you had to tell that. Keep him going. You're safe inside the house. Why are you doing this? Why are you working? Why? Why? Unfortunately, I have time again, but we have the solution. Stop calling me. You know, it's the police. We traced the call. It's coming from inside the house. Here we go. You're coming from inside the house. You're going to the house. You guys eventually wanted to do one of our top four major prizes. You're going to do it. Woo. Ha ha ha. Oh. Yeah, the problem with the show when I've called. It's coming from inside the house. So like, father goes to you. Yeah, every tip you have to hold story. Plus, did we make his really bad idea here? You want to see if there will be go get the original one. When a stranger calls with Charles turning, you'll love it. It's very good. Give it like eight stars. Right. It's bad news for me on say nothing with William Baldwin because I just looked at the first the first review here on IMDB from people addict from the USA to out of ten stars. He's a he guides. He guides. I used to think he and a Reeves was the worst actor in Hollywood. I'm not so sure anymore. Will it give us key and some stiff competition with his on made of plaster performance in this movie? Combined that with effect that his almost no plot and on a single likeable character. And it's pretty hard to recommend this turkey. Natasha, he writes, not Nastasia. He writes Natasha. Same old people. It's a treasure vest. But even to your robbers couldn't say this book from obscurity. Avoid unless it's really late and there's nothing else on. Oh, heck. In that case, just read a book. Wow. I can't be more condemning in damning that. And here I got it. I spent 15 bucks maybe maybe more than that. But to me. For this piece of garbage and say nothing. I guess. Well, put it in your survival kit and use it to signal you know planes. There you go. You can spend it on a night. Just throw that across the ice yesterday before melting. To enjoy George's draft and known for one or three PM at Bass Pro shops off I-95 and River Road in Daniel. One or three tomorrow afternoon and George is so anxious to see everybody so it gets some more of these deals. But he's even welcoming the guy with a funny guy with a funny guy with a guy with a eyes. Jack with a hands that guy with a goofy hand. I'll be here. I'm going to wear juggling chainsaws. Stop by this. Okay. Chants to win some really crappy free prizes. The ones that didn't get auctioned off on eBay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60 in the Verizon and singular wireless line. You're got quiet on it. You know, all the way to the cinemas will over here. That's quite a bit. 8224. We're going to make it to a thousand-dollar nut. Not spectacular. They're probably because I need to take a lot more calls. Get more movies on it. Well, I got too much stuff here right now. Law enforcement officers harvest today. Do be as record last year enough marijuana plants to rank the league of weed. As Washington states number eight agriculture commodity. Edging out sweet cherries and value. The 135,000 plus marijuana plant season 2005. Worst of me that it would be worked to it in 70 million bucks. A record amount that places the crop among the states top ten agriculture from out of these. Based on the most recent statistics available. And I'm sure that the chief timone son is very proud too. We're struck by the amount of work they put into it. Said rich Wiley. I wonder if he's kind of Wiley County. Who is the Washington state patrol in our college program. He's an arc. Just like they kid in a imaginary hero is an arc. It's a arc. That scene was great once you were a whole. But he's. So growing you evening is the best. It's very labor intensive. They offer money individual driplines to each plant. They're out there fertilizing them. There you go. Single tank produces much as a pound of processed marijuana. Or the estimated two grand he'd be seen. So watch the Washington state. And then you can go up to you go right up to her. She highway to Vancouver into in the BC and smoke it there. Right out in public. Doug Thompson your buddy if they ran. At the or capital hill blue says those bagpipe year playing in the background provide a much needed funeral Dirage for freedom which died this week. At the hands of the United States Congress freedom has been on its death bed for about five years now. More than we wouldn't in post 9.11 in a frenzy that put political or speedy and see above the constitution and gave paranoia supremacy over what used to be guarantees of individual rights for all Americans. Freedom went on the endangered species list in the are following the 9.11 of tax when president bush turned to attorney general askcroft and said, John take whatever steps you feel unnecessary to make sure something like this never ever happens again. Turning his outlet like ashcroft loose on the constitution is like giving Bill Clinton a key to a sorority house. Someone is going to get screwed big time in this case it was collectively the whole concept of freedom and individual rights in this country. Askcroft crafted his personal vision of a new America one world by a police state reporting weights or tellin terry and government and called it the USA Patriot Act. It sales were a shell shot Congress like a fraternity on a paddy raid and gave bush his gang of thugs all he need to create a new American Gustavo Detaining this nation citizens without due course spy on Americans without warrants and sitting in the country on a headlong rush to ruin. The abuses of the Patriot Act proved so on a risk that even far brain conservatives like Bob Barr join forces with the Uber liberals like ACIU to a fight it. Late last year is spurred by anger or bushes admission that he authorized the warless spy on Americans by the NSA. The Patriot Act appeared to face serious opposition when it came up for renewal. Congress twice read it temporary extensions and promised to write new language to protect the civil liberties of Americans. But as happens all too often in Washington these promises vanished in the thin air as the Patriot Act this week. Clear it hurt a laughter hurt a little hits for permanent renewal when the goons of column sells are elected representatives return from the president's day resets. In the end, the White House negotiated a set of meaningless changes with a handful of Republicans in the so called compromise sale to the cent Thursday at about a 96 to 3. Even worse, the Republican control said in toughens committee successfully blocked the fence to open an inquiry and the Bush is used to the NSA to spy on all Americans. Not that Democrats did that much to stop it. Even though to spoke out about Bush's spy on Americans said they supported the concept that only opposed how the president went about it. As long as you got warrants, they said they didn't really care who the NSA snook on. And a bunch of Democrats remember Republicans yesterday to keep right-sharving USA paint-picked act a law of the land, which means virtually no one. Democratic or Republican conservative or liberal left or right can claim the high rule when it comes to destroying freedom in the USA. Only Senator West find gold, Democratic Wisconsin seems to realize the dangers of the act continuing to fight and say the law even as amended. A lot of the government fishing expeditions have been out and a lot of the government fishing expeditions have been out right-of-salt on the Constitution. For the most part, the rest of Congress sold out the people elected into office. All Americans who depend on Congress to serve as a check-in balance on the excess of the White House and the Constitution of the USA. The SPD did buy this week and just about every one of the bitches and bastards of the serving Congress should take a long hard look at the blood on their hands. They stand guilty of high crimes and treason against the USA. Their traders should be treated as such. Let's say tomorrow that our boo-guarable paper is banking anyway. I'll drive the bus. Got those pictures on our website if you want to really get grossed out, you want to see a bunch of naked and bloody up by your rackies. And then you want to see the guy with that 3rd foot. That's kind of cute. I think most of the week can you be spending time going duck hunting with a vice president. Going after shooting a little bird in the brush. Can't stop that. Once you get on that thing, man, you just can't stop because you can keep picking them off one by one. That's a beautiful thing. 560560 pound 560 leave a rise in singular wireless line. Go to the tuba staff to know and wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. What can you say about that? My dog is gasped these in daily. Cry to 7-10, 80k. Turn a clock to light. Better on it. WCWM, hello. WM. Something going to be a very short call. Something which one? Yeah. It does. Sounds like Paul Winshalwipers. Look at that full man. Dead is a door nail. Not a single call in there. It says I've been dumped up by anyone. I still got to do a lot more. Bump up up all day. Got a lot of bump up up all day to do day. Man on the mission like Howard Beale. Him saying. Man on the mission. So let's go fishing. Alright. WCWM, hello. Hey Neil. I was listening the other day you had a Yiddish lesson on about the roots of the word Fagelot. That was 15. His body were hunting. Fagelot. Wow. Look. I'll put that in my pocket to love you. Okay. Well, let's get Charlie Co. He's even going to decode that one. This is Neil Roger. Oh, this is by 1628. Why do you bestude? And now, another verse of celebrity poetry. He is a tale of lunacy backed by Scientology. No brain cells left in Tom Cruise cupboard for they were stolen by Elran Hubbard. When Tom speaks his mouthed phones affirming his love for Katie Holmes, up on the couch he jumps with the he thinks he's saying remarkably. His mind looks like a red-war mural prohibiting Katie in Fadirl. He says others don't use their brain when it's Tom himself who is insane. He calls Matt Lawyer cold and clear when it's he who needs a dribble bib. His lady friend smiles her coolest smile she's no smarter than bathroom tile. The eyes to close the teeth as you perhaps she has the avian flu. Feel free if you must disagree with the teachings of Scientology, but on this my friend we can find Common ground their level of brain damage is prof-file. The facts are strange to future shady. Poor crazy Tom and Fiyan say Katie. This says be another verse of celebrity poetry. I don't know if you saw yesterday but both CNN and headline news they're appendage. They both had a story about that right magazine story the Tom and Katie of splitter. Yeah about the vehement to now and guess what clip they showed on that story from South Park. Oh, did they? Oh, yes. The end of closet clip or the end is correct. And I just peed my pants I left so hard. It was great. Yeah, even the certainly nasty news news news. And they said, oh, Tom's having some tough times these days. Because everybody knows you're fairery. You're in a closet Tom. Come on, please. Joe Bell puts out a couple of members first of all office hours. Or that 80 to five 30 starting Tuesday the 20th. That's good. Get some people in there and this, you know, more slack. I know you like this. Black and Crab that goes on there. And number two, Ray Perry has rejoined WQM as sports sales manager. Got a 35. 85 years with QM before leaving it years in before getting screwed over. We'll be working with Chris Jones to assure we achieved WQM revenue goals. In his position, we'll be our primary contact with the sports teams. He'll be in charge of our never-sendition. Supervised in the sports numbers will be selling Kia Council himself. Ray and his wife Rose and their 70 year old son, Dan, you're residing, cleared to plantation. Welcome them back to the QM family. Well, that's so easy good guy. Ray Perry and really no he does anything. He weighs a good guy or he will be now. But it's got a 70 year old son that kind of takes me on. I know it's very fashionable now for old cochers to be having babies like Larry King. And like 20 Randall did before he finally went to his dirt nap. Ray Perry just earned 85 and he's got a 70 year old son. Let's have for Ray. So it's got a lot of paper. We like Ray a lot. He's a good guy. And make sure I get those pants or tickets or whatever it is. Yeah, they're already asking for money by the way. The pants. Do you know that? No, I didn't. I've been able to notice for 2000 and six and seven for next season in the mail. Oh, yeah, send us a money. We'll give it like 7,500 free tickets and we'll give it like a whole carton of condoms in the bunch of two pays and body wash. Oh, I got myself two new flavors yesterday. Three really. Well, that's remember I told him I story. Go to the drugstore and my sack fell when I stopped on the night. And I got let's see. Zest has got a new one. It's called Tangerine or Tangor or some crap like that is really neat stuff. All the one I opened it to smelling it the roll off it. I was in the jar and I farted real bad and so I was like, I messed everything up, you know. So I had to close the container real fast because I want to miss anything good. And then the other two are ax. Let me ask you if you checked those out. Yeah, I've seen the axes. I've used them. Yeah, but these are new ones. These aren't in that black container. These are green one and there's a blue one. Yax. And other ones are their transparent bottles. Then other ones probably the ones you use is in that black bottle. Yeah. These ones were the nozzle. They're kind of angled like, I've seen a few angled mazels. Yeah. So I'm taking it. Yeah, they are. They're probably. They're angled mazels. They're probably. They're probably. Anyway, ax. And they're pretty good. I kind of sniffed them both. Jason Lee, a pulled right. Two-thouard dot org. Gonzalez withholding plain emails. Why I got so much stuff that I feel very compelled. Not as entertaining as that last caller but pretty good. Sources coast the investigation. Relic and covert CIA agent Valerie time Wilson revealed this week that attorney general Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez has been turned over. Has not turned over emails to the special prosecutors' orifice. They may incriminate vice president Dick Cheney's aides. Another one has officials who allegedly played an active role in on masking claims. Wilson identity to reporters. Plain Wilson. Moreover, these sources said that nearly 2004, Cheney was interviewed by federal prosecutor v. Investigative in the plain Wilson League and testified that neither he nor any of us senior age involved in a masking. He or under cover CIA status to reporters. And that no one in the vice president's office had attempted to discredit her husband of local critic of the administration's people were Iraq intelligence. In other words, smear and smear. Cheney did not testify under oath under penalty of surgery when he was interviewed by federal prosecutors. The emails Gonzalez has sent to me withholding contained references to Valerie Plym Wilson's identity and CIA status and developments related to the inability to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Moreover, high ever according to sources, the emails contain suggestions by the officials and how the White House should respond to what it believed were increasingly destructive comments that Joseph Wilson had been making about the administration's pre-war Iraq intelligence. smear and smear. Why do they have to have all these committees? Anybody with an IQ over four can see what that was going on? Yeah. Or the committee. The national security or the safety of the CIA people are in this other crack. It's all smear and smear, man. Just like Nixon would be enemies with the same crack. We're going to smear and smear them. And if we have to out her and the means have that to be worth it. The score. You know, that would be. Got some bad news for you. XM people out there. Looks like Stern, maybe I'll put serious in an XM may just vanish. And all of the talking would be a game. But they got Oprah. No, that's just serious guys. XM the kind of, yeah. Well, that's right. Maybe that's why they're losing their ass. Proposed to the solid. The truck rubber said, fat. Doing part to increase quarter four ads spending to counter just Stern's January debut on the last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. The last year. And the letter said to us and Chairman Jerry Parsons. Pure. Jay. Jack Roberts, resigned as opposed to next-ends. Borrte did a concerns that his words about the company spending are going unheard. Given current course in speed. There was, in my view, a significant chance of a crisis on the horizon Robert said to ZXM. Even absentee of crisis, I believe the next thing will inevitably serve a chairholder's poorly without major changes now. I've been trouble about the current director of the company. Don't believe that it's in the best interest to the company as shareholders. company shareholders. I've made my an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an probation after prison five years. That would require flanagan 51 to adhere to a curfew, submit to warless searches, and for better for being with an 1,000 feet of a school daycare center or anywhere the children are in the congregate. She would also be a registered sex offender. The plea offer received a blessing of the alleged victim in his family million said, if convicted as charged with capital sexual battery, planning in faces a mandatory life sentence for attorney Ken Ronin can be reached by phone for comments as this comes several. Flanagan's accused of carrying on a 19-month sexual relationship with a former student beginning when the war was a fifth grader. The son settled is not identified, which victims of sex abuse it says here. The boy in his siblings often spent the night of flanagan's vulca home where much of a sex-turb-flicing-writer court documents. 11 years old. It comes out of the state at the middle school at least. The vatial to testify that sexual encounters occurred in flanagan's classroom, a lantern apart, an Orlando hotel room, and in the teachers vandalist civil air patrol parking lot. The board told authorities that he and flanagan kissed in her office and a storage room at the Bointen Beach School. He also claimed that flanagan's husband Douglas Depue, witnessed the alleged sex, including sharing a bed with a two-edum bed ignored it. Depue is denied having any knowledge of his wife's purport involvement with the boy. Last summer Depue's insurance company state farm settled a one and a half million dollar claim brought by the child and his father. It was also admitted having a sexual relationship with flanagan. Huh? With the federal flanagan, this is the last summer Depue's insurance company state farm settled a one point five million dollar claim brought by the child and his father, who is also admitted in having a sexual relationship with Carol Flanagan. I see. Lawsuits against the Palm Beach County School Board and the Civil Air Patrol are pending. The plea offer according to the prosecutor was extended and effort to protect the victim as much as possible. Her gender makes absolutely no difference whatsoever, millions said. I like that. A lot of us a lot of stuff going on here. I guess they're all just one big happy family. A lay is anyway. So it says, how's that pull come we're going to make 2000 there we're going to like slack off on Friday. 862. Oh yeah we were in are we? Ain't we in? Oh yeah for the 1000. Well probably we're not getting the humongous response because a lot of people's movies aren't on here. How about none of the above? None of the above and I hate this. Oh yeah, that should do set up there pretty good. We hate everybody in you especially in hell. Okay good. What movie had the worst end of the Blur Witch Project 87? Easy writer 77. War the world 70. Yeah six contact 60. A. I artificial intelligence 57. I'm only going to have 30 or more. And I want to read this whole long pond restless vanilla sky 50. Apocalypse now 39 the village 34 saving Ryan's private 30. 3 10 to the age 33. I'm Magnolia 20. I make one of such a magnolia 28 to make George real happy. This is New Rogers. This is 562. Yeah. This is Pope John Paul Lint. And if he asked me, they only think more fun than playing Radass with the Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Oh morning Americans it's Paul Harvey's stand by for news. It was this little girls first day of school and the teacher asked her what her main was. The little girl replied happy but the teacher said honey I don't think that's your name. You need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out. So the little girl went to the principal's office and he asked what your name and the little girl said happy but the principal called the mother to get this straightened out once and for all. After getting off the phone he looked at the little girl and said honey your name is glad it is not happy but then the girl exclaim gladass happy but what's the difference Paul Harvey? I know good day good morning Americans it's Paul Harvey stand by for news. Bill and his wife Buffy were sitting in church. Bill sleeping Buffy knitting. The priest asked who created the earth and man. A Buffy poked Bill with her knitting needle and Bill screams God. The priest looked at him and said that's right. Then he asked who is God's son. One smor Buffy poked her husband Bill with her needle. He screamed Jesus again the priest said correct. Finally the priest asked what did he say to Adam when she didn't want any more children. Well Buffy poked her husband Bill again but this time he screamed Pope me with that thing one more time and I'm going to rip it off the priest said that's right Paul Harvey. Good day good day. See I thought there were a two for there. I'm a little bargain do I'm frowning little side by each call her reaction. No problem. Lisa Marie personally married good Tarris. Have you seen the picture of this nude? No. Oh man Michael Lockwood. Music producer Michael Lockwood wait to take a puke in him he makes he makes a lot I love it look like a Brad Pitt. What is it? What in God's name is it? Don't tell me that Scientology things got a finger in her again. I mean Lisa Marie personally daughter of Rocket World King Elvis Precious Mary Gitaris and music producer Michael Lockwood and a ceremony in Kyoto Japan her publics and said yesterday and it's got a picture of the gruesome couple right there. It's on our website you got to click on and see the picture. If you go if you click the link you'll see the picture of the two hand in hand and he's wearing a real neat hat and a sports jacket and it's about six sizes too big for a 60-pound guy. Can we see the yeah? We're getting there. Pressly 38 in Lockwood has changed Valle State for the digital Japanese ceremony January 22nd spokesman Paul Blockson is Pressley's fourth marriage she was previously married to Nicholas Cage Michael Jackson and any Kyoto who's the father for two childrens. The Brise mother actress Precious Presley walked her daughter down the aisle and gave her away. daughter Raleigh Kio was made of honor and son Benjamin Kio was a groomsman the best man with Precious first husband Danny Kio also attended the wedding where Lockwood's parents Vivian and William Lockwood. Lockwood is Precious musical director and solicited his executive producer under 2005 album now what? Precious and LA area but Blockson didn't know where the couple planned to live. You still got this picture? Yeah I had the Google images for it because I couldn't find the store on the site but now I got it. Yeah. What a weiner. Man. What is it? Look at that sports jacket he's wearing. Kind of looks Elvisish. No. This thing Elvis was never anorexic in fact quite the opposite. He approached up real bad as you recall. This guy is just the opposite. What a sneeze. Okay. That's probably an orange. Okay. Five six seven. Anybody see that movie? Say no. Say nothing. They don't take it. I want to find out of him by seeing it so I can waste my time so I want to have probably a swirl. I mean when a guy writes a skating review like that not too optimistic. Nobody QAM. Hello. Yes sir. What's the crack of action? What do you got? Hey, I haven't come on on any of the media and I know that the matter nobody cares anymore but you know that Iran will probably start trading in euros and March. Yeah nobody cares. They were heard of it. We're going to end up bombing them. Yeah. Okay. Just follow that you know. Nobody cares man. Okay. Five six seven. Five sixty. Tom five sixty leave a rise and sing it. They're going to start using euros. Why not with that thing? They like the exchange rate. I don't know. I don't get it. They want to be able to do business. But like I said nobody cares. So I got a QAM. Hello. Speaking. Can I put you in a good way for an answer? Go ahead. Okay. Ninety eighty two. That's it. That's it. That's it. The remake. That's it. No. Okay. And get a new phone. Yeah. That is just a bad phone technique. Something like he was chewing. The thing was just fine. But we're putting it on there anyway. The remake was good. Yeah. He said he had a softened movie. The ending was perfect. Well, okay. Put it on there. We're going to be on a boat. So they'll at least give this guy a chance. Sure. No phone. No phone. No phone. No. Put it on there for him. Make it a bad phone. He suffers from it. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rise and sing it a rise of the line. The worst movie ending ever is was will be. And what about that? See nothing. You're not going to get a fact on it or recall on nothing. Right. They're going to say the watch. And I'll say, oh, why did I waste now and have it? I'll be right like that. I'll do my best air commutation. Do I have any Q a M? Hello. Do I have any Q a M? Hello. And the idea you're doing. Okay. Did I get one for your poll? Yes. Have a board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. These people got bad phone today, man. I have a board to tell them any of that. Okay. Thanks. I think I seen that. Isn't that the one the political one where he, uh, yeah. Yes. We're a big one. Yeah. I remember that. Doesn't he wrap in that? He does. Okay. That's all little of it. There's much like it's staying. The whole thing was staged. It was fake. Yeah. He's a fake dimp. Uh huh. And it gets to simply the people in the audience. I don't want to spoil it for you. But believe me. I want to see it. I see that. Not that long. No either. Sock. Yeah. Was it? Yeah. Do any Q a M? Hello. Hey, Neil. Uh, yeah. We're for the poll. Okay. 11 9 L a. Okay. So, uh, movie. Think. Well, he has to see it. But it's, uh, like the edited terribly. Is it a rubber dining union that movie? No. I'm thinking something. The Michael man movie. I'm not mistaken. Okay. I'll take your word for it. Thanks. All the L a. movies are LA confidential. LA, uh, was the other one. Uh, story and live in Dion LA. I take it one thing of all the places that I might think about visiting some day. That's the last one I ever want to go back to. Really? It is really all man. You talk about going, well, you might relate to it because it's a place where nobody speaks English. Yeah. That's why I look right out of it. How do we now in all the signs are in Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, uh, no speaking English. I can, uh, I say it's just anything like what it used to be. I mean, not even close. What it used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. It used to be. Okay. It was founded by Mexicans at that time. I'm not talking about Mexican so much. I'm talking about oriental man orientals. Yeah. We like that. All the store signs are like in, uh, when I'm funky letters they got you know and, uh, and in Japanese or whatever it will those are not good. How many kill I am? Hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Yeah, one for the bowl. Okay. I'm a stud. The good chip. I'm a stud. I got to play that. Okay. Thanks. Got it. You see them moving? No, I didn't. I saw like five minutes of it. It's beautiful. There are more tension in the Haitian elections if you'd have rock's good chip. I'm a stud man. Well, it doesn't matter who they are. I like to always have clues anyway. Kukufu and it's so sure. So I'm baseball's really, really tight these days. So we get a lot of home runs. Now that they're like cracking down and them steroids a little bit. Better make those baseballs as tight as golf balls. You know. 32 a.m. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Good. So there was a movie back in the 70s. I wonder George thought for the poll called the Danishing Point. I'm about about that. We talked about it in about the remake of Sock. Yes. No. The call was the energy. He's talking about the Vanishing Point. There's a point that the ice is racing around on the corner, chasing him at the very end. It goes through a checkpoint in a disappears. One of the stupidest movies I ever saw. I know. I talked about a wasted time. I remember that. Well, one two things real quick. First of all, please tell me, Papai was on the poll yesterday and honor of nothing. He was not. Get out. Yes. He won. I get away. Papai was on there. George, don't listen to George. You're just an Ojo on Provocator. He actually was. I even made the comment this morning that he got 16 votes in Alibuild and given it. 16. Really? It's actually really George. Papai. I think that's stupid. I even like my spinachi. Yes, sir. One of my things. I'm a long time listener, but I hear a lot about this guy with the eyes. Could you tell us what the deal is with that guy? I guess he shows up to your appearances. I'm very, very simply. Think of David Cassidy. No soap. No body wash. No shower. Looks like David Cassidy. Think of her man's teeth. And yeah. Well, as far as what he looks like, I think a Herman Monster on a bed. Yeah. And also, I have no lot. That spells it out for you. Okay. Have a great time. See. The guy with the eyes can know. Scary. Help me there. Have you there to see George tomorrow? I hope a lot of other people are too crazy money really bad. I'm not miss when I juggle those chainsaws. I piece of that. Join George tomorrow. One to three at the best pro shops off I. 95 River Road in Danya stopped by the spin the QMVL and your chance to win some really chancy and embarrassing prizes because they're good ones all got auctioned off on eBay. 5. 6.705. 60. How many votes we got on that pool now? Nobody has seen saying nothing. Well, I can understand because maybe they got better taste them than I do for buying that. 8.99. And it's just fine. You know, it's not it's not like a 12.1300. We had, you know, but it's Friday, right? Right? In this to which you're going to really tear these movie pools. It was George's idea. Sorry. No, it's mindy. And now the dancing wrong one is full. In fact, I can't even I only remember what inspired me to do it. What sounds far we were talking about something that came up. I see it popped right up. 12 minutes past new in a QMVL. I'll tell you what a pop up. Probably your belt will be in this loosening a couple of knots when you go to the airport. We need a little extra room in there because man, they got a C. A. Montagna of fantastic list of fresh goodies at the airport. It's Florida's number one Asian-Gormade buffet is rated by the get restaurant review. And now if you weekend like right now if you're Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermator style. And every night at the airport, coast is crab fest with laskins, snow crab, light's dungeon, is crab and Jonah stone crabs. I guarantee you walk out of there with crabs all over the place. The many are still in Fluxfresh oysters on a half-salm of sushi bar with over 30. Not turned man. Even at them. The animal coast also serves juicy delicious succulent New York steaks. Cook just the way you like them. Hand carved crime rib. And on the weekends for dessert, be sure and check out M.O. Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain. It'll leave you gasping for oxygen. You can hand if your own strawberry is marshmallows, other deck and treats. And while you're at the animal, coast be sure and check out their new audience can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tataki over 2 different types of sushi rolls and lots more of it can straight back at you. The animal coast has got three congliel location to serve you there in sunrise sunny hours beach and pepper pines. Reservations are just called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. If we're you going at 50 calorie a day diet. Make this, you know, just splurged one last time. Do it this weekend for a fantastic feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-15. Yes, all right. Well, he's out of the room to food show. Is that everyone around the room? He lets a break run out and he ran on the room. Let me do this. Everyone at 2-1 will come to school. He wants to be great playing all the way around. So, the way I want to come in here tonight. So, wait. All of these went down to hold the starters and jump in power. Floridian's dumb as durs. Up the blue ship on the stud, it's a strange ship and it's very hot when you walk over there. Up the blue ship on the back with change. It's a wooden ship and it smells like an arse. It's all about the excitement you die of disease. It's all about the invisible ship. Well, you know, hold on, go in it for your 10-long-ish outline and if you can play the old, no, right there will be too much to take a shower. It's a shame that it'll serve no food when you get cheese. They do it in fact. Do you like this very part? On the good ship on the star. Here's a full looking adieu in the ear of Saint each other. Croco 17 and 5, 6-in-gettin. It's so tired of that whole thing. And it's just leave a shadow. Okay, let them do it out and tell with it. Let them throw a falahal balls in these radius controls still, months of balls, and hell with it. So nobody saw us saying nothing. I'm sure we're getting no response and that's okay. I guess the public out there must be a very alert. Maybe they'll have a list of movies you must absolutely not watch. Like broke ass mountain for example. And speaking of that, yeah, little of this harmony going on there. Does that see? I want to preface this by saying all this and I, right, that only watched half the movie. But all this big, similar about Heath Ledger and his great acting. Let me tell you this. He made me a great actor, but it sure wasn't because of anything he did in that movie. Because he was as wooden as a totem pole. I mean, he was just down and expressionally. Was it into the role? Is that you're right? It was a little bit, you know, and he didn't do anything. But he sure opened up a big mouth. Let's see, what does this say? The red violin, the red violin? Yeah, I've heard of it, but I don't know what it's about. Sitting at the doctor's office this morning, 285-year-old cochers are sitting in the armeach of the armeach of the armeach of the armeach of the armeach of the armeach of the idea that CNN is evil. They called me a moron and said, why would you listen to that, and the old people hate you? Well, I'm delighted to hear that I'm at least stimulating their juices to flow a little bit in their bag. Ledger says, cloning, not killing him, how deserves the Oscar. Oh my god. How do you like that? For what? For that movie? Turn that movie, that is correct. Sir, I'm absolutely correct. Heath Ledger surprised the pack for the film festival. You're food from John the Baker all ready. I do. I'm like to make it. Yeah, Zidi. Oh, man. Josh copied me. Did you really? The good part is? Yes. No ricotta cheese and it just mozzarella, the sauce and the sauce. Oh, sloppy. Something. Stock and sausage? Well, I mean, I want to be able to keep my hands clean. That was a little bit daunting. I see. I mean, you get it all over you, man. And what about the pizza? You know, you know, how it is when you sang with sausage? Heath Ledger surprised the pack for the film festival news conference. Wednesday night when he remarked that he believes George Clooney, there's always a best supporting actor Oscar this year for his performance in Sirriana. I'll get back to you, Sirriana. Jake Hill and all who have heard in Proc-Pack Mountain would like you who himself was nominated for Best Actor Oscar is also one of the best supporting actor nominees. Ledger's a marketing actor reported noted that Clooney had told an earlier news conference at the festival that he didn't expect to win any of the three categories for which he'd been nominated. He's also nominated for director and screenplay categories for good night and good luck. Adding, there's been a lot of, uh, broke back mountain stuff. Whatever that means. Ledger appearing at the festival of road as latest film, the Australian produced candy. Express to life that he'd been able to make five films back to back over the past year and credited director Terri Kilium for showcasing his talents in the brother grim. There by opening up more interesting choices for him. He said he found that working on Australia on candy incredibly liberated was incredibly liberating. And the sense of is the first to have done these in my own accent about eight years. He said, when we were in reporter asked what the difference was for him to be making loved or woman in one film and will man in another he replied, the stubble. Which we were thought I would say. Yeah, the stubble. You didn't say where the stubble was. I said, not the first thing. How do you like that? So he's given a little stuck there to Jake Gillinoff. I guess he's probably peowed, you know. And I really don't know which one killed which one, him, the movie, so maybe that has something to do with it. One of them killed the other one. Right. And if you think I'm ever going to watch the end of that movie, man, it would take a lot of cash. I'd rather watch say nothing. Even if it owes two stars. I think that's the only way we're going to find out what all of that. Oh, you know, because you listen to other people. What do you know? Dominic, you are in. Hello. You're a self-hating cue. Remember that. Dominic, you are in. Hello. Hello. I'm a fool man. So I'm in and out of my truck. So I apologize to get this on your floor. It's not the war of the world. It's not the only on the rules. Number three with a bullet. Oh, it is. Dick Taney decided. Okay. Five six seven. Oh, five six. Here on the self-hating cue show. Pomp five six. Can be Verizon singular. Wireless line. Come to QAM. Hello. Hello. Good night, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I want to reach out. I want to wish you a happy anniversary. Okay. They don't get on it. We got to turn the man. Thank you. You deserve it. I'm saying to also, I got something to do today. But you know, we missed one yesterday. You was on there. Yes, he was. The roadrunner was on it. The roadrunner was on it. I was a high-o-d in the road. Anyone vote. No, it was while we code without the roadrunner. All right. Because while I have to write my hand here, while he coyote in the roadrunner, 91 votes. Sorry. I haven't my hand in the upholed two. I'm sorry. Today is with the war of the world with the. Tom Cruise. You're fair. Right. That was a horrible thing. Five six seven or a number three with 78 votes. We keep repeating that over over. And no keep piling on for Tommy. Okay. He's got issues. He's got those issues. But Mr. Spock. He's got his fingers apart. He got that big smile because he took the relief. If I have to see that spot one more one more time. And then I'm talking about, no, with Leonard dimmo on there, we can't go on because you got our real right us and he can't. It hurts when he tries to do the thing with the fingers. You know, I keep trying to do that. Yeah, I got it. You know, he does the two fingers. Whatever that Mr. Spock thing is he's always silly as trekkies out there. He already is all dressed up like a bunch of overgrown children. What's your 45 year old children? Jonathan and plantation says the movie with the worst ending of the last American virgin. The main character ends up driving away crying missing a stereo that he hiked to by an expensive ring for a virtual life in hard broken. He didn't say that one to kill somebody. He didn't huck a stereo to get her a ring. He got the stereo to get her an abortion. He got pregnant. Haven't sex with his friend. And he went back to what back to the friday. Jonathan needs you to drama diaphragm. Telling you, or maybe she needed one. You know what, but he says the main character ends up driving away crying missing a stereo that he hiked to by an expensive ring for a bitch who left him hard for a woman. She needed a board. He hiked the stereo to buy to pay for an abortion. Yeah, because she got pregnant having sex with his friend. And if you all do this, you got rid of the baby. She went back to the friend. What's horrible about that movie is that it's true to life. That's exactly what the bitch will do to him. The miserable, hastal big guy stabbing a back. That was just stabbing in the end. Back to whatever. Let's put it on her anyway to make good Johnson. Oh, no, we already put it on there. He's absolutely right. Even though he's run. Oh, hey, we're not he interpreted wrong, but he's right. The ending sucks. Oh, yeah. WKOM, hello QAM. Hello new. Yes, sir. Hey, I want it. Okay. One for your pullmen. Afterweight. Can't stay away. Afterweight. And I was. Can't stay away. Well, 125th in this game. Remember that? I was into it. The whole movie. And I was off. The end it was still. You didn't see say no say nothing to you. No, no, no, no, no. But my mix up for okay. Thanks. Nobody saw it. No, William Baldwin and Nastasia. Kinski. Nastasia. No, isn't Nastasia? Expistasia. Thanks. When I heard that I thought, get out here. That's not how you say it. And then apparently. Yeah, yeah. I know my whiskey baby, and I don't think it's, well, whatever it is. WQAM, hello. Hey, the officer. I need that. George. Does the ant has the way get to make it in that That's what I'm told. Talk about the way. Top of us. All right. Go on. Get all right. Go get it. 567. 0560. Pomp 560 in the right. I'm thinking about violence lines. You'll be a two may go from gaspison baby baby baby before Curtis is 70 kids. 10. What a lineup. And we got Ray Perry back. And we got the office opens at the four in the morning. Starting on Tuesday. The more screw on around man Joe Bell finally is laying down the law. He says, Greg, get out of my office. Let me get in there and just get all your crap out of there. We're going to auction it off on eBay. Just get out of the building already. And let me do my thing. I especially like when you picked Todd, wreck up and just spun around like given that airplane's been yesterday after the show. I was going to do it. Come in QA and hello. And there you go. You got the kick in the most out today. Yeah. Thank you. That's a good. Give me help and hand man. Help up an old man. Can you have an old man? I'm an altar boy. 560, 560, Tom 560. Hi, I've actually got with a fany patch. Here's up two tomorrow. All your old friends are ready to show like you're standing in his wife. Maybe they're with his boy green teeth. Maybe vine like some of your bring him. Maybe in fact maybe blind like and drive your over to see that would be special. WQAM, hello. If it's good enough for Al Pacino, why can't blind Mike do it? QAM. Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. When is Todd? Hey, I was wondering if you knew whatever happened with Ben Yahweh. What do you mean whatever happened with him? But I'm that guy. You know, the Yahweh is not a whole killer. There is Stangia going on. Yeah. Over here. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. He's in P.A. Oh. He's cool in his heels, baby. Yeah. You know, they usually work from person who knows. Yeah. Okay. Peace out. He's going. He's a great. Oh man. I'm going to take about 4,000. I'm just whole off my pole. All the way. I got a really good article by Eric Alterman called the gas bag. Gap. Oh, it's good. No sound effects either. Document your Maryland to held election in primary on. I'm certified a legal dive-old voting machines. I just I got so much good stuff. But you're right. The calls are really that's the meat and potatoes man that bread and butter. That's the head cheese. It's Neil Roger. He's not this. He's five six. Oh my. He's five. Why do you breast it? And now, the show that's the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government. It's the West Texas win. My fellow Americans, I come before you tonight to explain what. It's okay for me to easy drop on your telephone conversations. You see, I only listen to the calls of suspected Al-Kater terrorists. I'd never listen to the calls of good honest Godfair and patriotic Americans. Oh, oh, by the way, if Betty do walk from Pueblo, Colorado is watching tonight. Your husband's cheating on you with your sister. And that nice guy who gets moved in across the street. He ain't divorced. He's got it. But there's nothing wrong with that. You know, unless he's a cowboy. Come back next time for a fair enough balance. Come pass those. You can serve the view of our government in action. Only on the West Texas win. 23 27 to 1 a QA. I'm your sister. George Marcia Cook refuses to sit bomb today. A bond today for accused terrorists Jose Padilla who used to be Jose Padilla. But now he's Jose Padilla. Padilla's lawyers had challenges free trial detention and requested that the alleged delcut operator to be allowed to stay at his mother's Rower County condo. Oh, I'm your 24-hour house arrest. Pueblo defender Michael Carrusar give that Padilla never trained in any terrorist training camp as the government has alleged and he's not a danger to community. More over Padilla's defense lawyer said the federal magistrate ordered pre-trial detention should have considered Padilla's three and a half year detention military custody is an enemy combatant. But it would be pretty good to boot but above. Trial of the scheduled begin early September 4, Padilla who has charged along with four other men as being a dirty bomb, uh, slimble. I'm going to say, Debag. Can't say Debag. It's Indy Bag. We can't say Debag. That's what most of the Eric Alterman writes the gas bag gap and then we're going to like take 7,000 calls till 2 o'clock. What do you say? Do it. Do it. That I am a psych man to do that. Eric Alterman writes, mainstream reporters tend to see both liberal and right wing critics as a bunch of whiners who just don't give it. And in many cases they're right. But being mainstream reporters dependably, they know that they're always right. In fact journalism is just about the only field whose practitioners routinely justify themselves on the basis of the fact that we see criticism from both sides. The possibility that it might be screwing up in two or more ways simultaneously appears to be beyond the imaginative capabilities. During the past generation, these same mainstream journalists have lurched to the right, thanks in large measured when extremely well funded, well organized and well disciplined, conservative political assault compromising essentially two tactics. A willingness and ability to make life miserable for those who don't go along and a determination to shape these zeitgeist in such a way that those who do go along may not even know that they're doing it. In other words, what Tony Sipano cannot accomplish leave to Antonio Gramsie. My most fair minded of his or her result of agree with the above, especially in a lot of the rise of the far right media empire of Rupert, Rush, O'Reilly, talk radio, etc. It's still pretty difficult to prove. Most academic studies of media content are compromised because even with the best intentions it's impossible or controlled for independent political variables. As for the decades old studies performing the show that reporters vote Democratic, when not vice in the first place they tell us nothing about the content of the news. A number of Rupert Murdoch's top of the tenets claimed to be liberal Democrats, a lot that matters and remember this study does not include Fox. Perfect. All this is reason to welcome the new study by David Brock's media matters for America. Hey David, do Ferry titled if it's Sunday it's conservative. MMA conducted a content analysis of ABC's this week with George Stefan Topovis, CBS's face donation with Oki Dokey and NBC's eat the press with that red face to goofball Tim Russell. Ticepying each one of the nearly 7,000 guests from Bill Clinton's second term, George W. Bush's first term, and 2005 is even Democrat Republican conservative for aggressive or neutral. It's key finding. The balance between Democrats' slash progressives and Republican's slash conservatives was roughly equal during Clinton's second term with a slight edge toward Republican's slash conservatives. 52% of the ideological identifiable guests were from the right 48% from the left. But in Bush's first term, Republican's slash conservative is how they dramatic advantage outnumbering Democrat's slash progressives 58 to 42% and 2005 the figures when identical 58 to 42% for the Nazis. In addition, more panels tilted right, a number of Republican, a greater number of Republican conservatives than Democrat progressive than tilted left for air-based single year of the study. In some years, the gap was as high as 4 to 1. More over congressional opponents of the Rock War were all but banished from the Sunday shows, especially in the period just before it was launched. When most people for the show's were contacted, it explained this disparity, they claimed that they go where the action is, and today the action is Republican-sized conservative. There should be no to the face the nation was considerably further than meet the press or this week. But of course, we're that too, then the Clinton years would have been just until then favored Democrat progressives as the Bushers have been toward Republican conservatives, but of course they're not even close. Think about it. These show is still empowered to engage in a genocending discussion with the panel of mostly right-wing politicians, followed by a journalist panel which conservatives are paired almost exclusively with down the middle reporters, rather than a writer or a thinker who might credibly represent the liberal side. Every week, a politically neutered, short-step on top of a cease-to-wistom of the deeply right-wing George Will, and the neutral, though personally conservative, forbids the carrier with no balance whatsoever. Sand Donaldson, a liberal who previously was accepted in this rule, though no liberal I know would have picked him to represent our side. The guest list for the far more influential meet-the-press tells a similar story. Why ask the MAA studies author Paul Walvin, with the producers of the show's belief that a William Saffar 56 appearances since 1997, or Bob Novak 37 appearances, is somehow balanced by when I feel with 27 or Dan Balswood 22. What's more, despite having been produced by a liberal think tank, the studies grading of the guests, where the rubber hits the road, is extremely generous to the right-wing side, and therefore precludes any credible complaints that it's a product of liberal bias. For instance, Little Hater Joe Klein, together with a war supporters Peter Beiner and George Packer, a coded progressive, and Toki Robertson David Broder, who openly detests both Clinton and Gore, while frequently apologizing for Bush, together with former GE Chairman Jack Welch, and Mrs. Allen Green's fan and the original, were classified as neutral. Remember how quickly Mitchell was during the 2004 debate, so accused Kerry of Demogagree, for during the criticizer husband, Allen Green's fan? Indeed, as far as critical commentary goes, the occasional acceptance of E.J. Deon, there's not a single on-a-polled, yet a liberal on any of these shows, save perhaps an annual appearance as a kind of anthropological curiosity. Tune in to every show every week or a year, and you're unlike the D.C. Frank Ridgefall, Kremlin, which Rick Hertzberg, Harold Meyerson, or anyone associated with the nation, the American prospect of Washington Monthly, New York review a book salon in these times, mother-jones, or even the liberal remnant inside the new Republic. When you think about it, it's a tribute to the American people that the remaining receptive, liberal arguments as they do, given how and frequently they hear any of them. How do you like that? That's what Eric Alderman says. He's good. You don't go here. This is E.D. that I'm almost done with. Really? A song that's a good thing may better. I just have not somebody who had you in Eric Alderman to column, like you're eating a big drink or without a drink. Trying to make her feel a father for your father. Wasn't he in the godfather for your father? Right. And so the big, I mean, John the Baker. Right. Enzo. Yeah, we've always been in and out there with his hand and his coat. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six here. We're going to take calls today or what? I mean, once we come back after this break, we're going to take calls up the old, uh, nose. The worst movie ending of all time, getting soaked up about it. 944. Oh, we got that thousand easy. The Blair Witch Pro. I'm only going to read like half a dozen. Blair Witch Project 89. Easy right away. Two because there's a battle going on here. We got a real battle. Easy right way to. World of Worlds 81. Those look like the three contenders. Contact 65. I think Josh picked that. Yes, he did. And I agree, but I chose Blair Witch. You know, A1 artificial intelligence system. Why see not there? Now is he out eating or is he out to? No, I'm right here. Oh, I thought maybe we were out over the, uh, acing, docing and tracing. No, I, yeah. Okay. Any minute, other? Any second. Well, after the first 15 slices, it starts to try to work its way back to you or out of you. 20 to one at five, 60 WQM, a plethora of call coming up soon. Trust me. Oh, no, Neil Rogers. One or two minutes. He's five, 16, two, eight. Who smells it? Yeah, I don't wait for my child. That's the moon. Who was your saddle girl? That's yes, it's for God. I'm waiting for this body to leave that sofa. Another one's coming from my bed. I just want you my thoughts. My as she's ready to listen to my thoughts. Those sweet smell of my food. You don't love what you're telling. How do you feel, baby? This is too far. Any words and everything. Oh, speaking of that last week I'm sitting at Woodbinder. There was a young lady who sat down next to me. I swear to you, I don't know where she's from. You choice me not some Asian bitch. She sat down next to me and I swear to you, far will be an understanding. I think I've never been a lot more serious than that. And I sat there. I thought for sure I was going to swim. I mean, it's just getting more and more intense. And yeah, usually if you just hold your bread then I put your head off to the side. It'll dissipate after a few seconds and you all thank God. But that's just kept getting more and more intense, which indicates to me that it may have been a little more serious than just a little gang. Maybe in the watching to you. Perhaps a little Hershey kiss back there. Maybe it rose bud. And this guy likes to miss your good bar. Okay. I think you want to see Mr. Good range. Anyway, Tracy and Kendall says this is a sad fact. One question about the pull is the worst ending the same as the saddest. No, not really. Because if we would have said the saddest in American history, I would have been on there. Right? That was depressing. That's a good question. I have a couple of nominations along lines of many dollars. Baby, which I won't see because you were Georgia reveal the ending. You must have enjoyed that and see it. My nominations are the House of Sand and Fog. Right. Very much along those lines. Along with sad or bad sad and pointless. Like, why are you getting me involved with all these characters like just to rip my guts? Or the sunk is inadvertently shot by the police, the parents kill themselves and yet her colleague goes to jail and for rent with its ending full of addiction and death from AIDS. Both of me literally depressed for hours afterward. Rent is it? Everybody has AIDS? Yeah. Yeah. Tracy said. Not to get sad pieces, but I'm lonely. You must do things you and Georgia are the greatest. I appreciate how you keep me informed and retain. Last week, it was time to put my 15 and a half year old golden retriever, Hobbes to sleep and listening to you, help keep my spirits up and even life on such a well-cali day. Thanks. For a sorry, Tracy, because there ain't nothing like a golden retriever. They're better than most human beings I've met my life. You're a pruss me. Some sort of about that, but the thing that was gotten you and you and you and right away. I'm not there, Greg. If I could have, uh, I wouldn't want it. It's too much responsibility, especially for an old man like me that creeps falling down, you know. But if you talk to an app, it's here. I'd probably give me a dog. I'll hurt a dog. I like another menpin like tiny. Like if I wanted to get yourself a dog sled and you wanted to worry about falling down. That's a good idea. You know, seriously, that's the first time in my life. I'm 100 years old. That's the first time I've ever been outdoors where you couldn't walk. I mean, I'm not joking. I was like, like, slick or it's not. Yeah, exactly. Look at that snod. You know, it's not a sidewap, but it's not. Frequently, yeah. Good. God. It was banned. And the old man or Stins is saying, I'm going to take my hand. Oh, no. I don't want to take your hand, pal. They're like, but it's not typical of these people. It's just being a nice guy. Picks up the items. I fell out of my bag. I told him to sack. He put him back in the very, and I was wondering to myself, how come this old guy is standing? How come he's moving around? He's not flopping down. Maybe he had goolashes on or something. I probably have some grippy shoes. There you go. WQAM, how are maybe teeth? QAM, hello. Hello. How are you? Good. You're doing a good job today, pal. I'm always doing a good job, sir. I screw him. Just saying something. The biggest heartbreaker, the ending of the movie, the terminal. I just thought that he was going to get the woman and I just thought it was going to be beautiful. But did we have one? Yeah. You know Tom Hanks? No, I wouldn't see a Tom Hanks movie if you think. I heard a tragic beginning when I started and I saw that was Tom Hanks. Oh, yeah. That always is for me. And then for all of you football fans, Friday night light, just a terrible ending. Okay. Or just all right, herbal. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thanks, pal. Thanks, pal. What do you mean just terrible? You saw football movie? I saw a football movie. Oh, no. And it's a why? It was on. I mean, you're a guy that won't watch a football game. Why would you watch a football game? I don't want to know people's play games, but I will watch movies. You see the lot of people playing games. That's the fourth part of the long time. I'm going to take off. Maybe you watch golf on TV now. You're finally in mid-Losio out of the closet. No, no, no. No. It's a movie. It's a movie. I'm going to start a little part of the movie. Jack Nickford's story. You're going to see that. Yeah. I'm going to get a movie about golf. I'm going to camp out to get the tickets for it. Right. I'm going to tell you no story. You're going to see that. What about the any koalarch story? By the way, the movie Friday night. My goal Maristory was about to go see the Bobbo Maristory. Bobbo Mar was a driver at the TV, down's in Buffalo, Raceway. Dick Finder will tell you all about Bobbo Mar. You don't have enough about 15 like leaving the back stretch in the in the stretch. They'd have to bring out a tank of oxygen for the horse and the driver. That's called Pookie in the stretch. What is that that you're playing? It sounds like once a common time in America. Close. It's Indian pipe music. But that's that's made by it. That's what that Indian pipe is. I've heard the scene. Yes. Yes. It was an opium. You just wasted four and a half hours if you watched the Unice Brigaded Birds in the whole, I'm once upon a time in America. It's a great movie though. Noodles. It's a great movie. I think every time I think of noodles. It's a long movie. You know, I thought it was adequate, but it's still going to help. Oh my god. Addiquit my ass. Not what I heard. No, you're confusing it with that long-window. But you know, dog day of nowhere is adequate. He's saying, wait when I'm in anacchi adequate. Everyone, it took me three tries to get through the long version of it. And I say, I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. So that's what I went. That's what I had to endure is because of that. And there's you didn't like when James Woods got grown up in the garbage truck at the end. There were a lot of things I liked about the movie all the way through. But as a whole, I didn't like the thing where he calls him, you know, he missed her. Oh, whatever. Because he's a big politician now. He'd like to pretend he didn't want to reach out there or what? What's that? What is that? There were a lot of good things about the movie, but overall it was overblown. In addition, in which when you told me that James Woods was Jewish after his poor performance in her, but that poxian took us, well, what kind of a juice is poxian took us? I don't know, maybe he says really. Well, that explains it. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Do you think anyone told you about fading thing yet? No, please do. What do you want to know? How well, how is it? You saw saying nothing? Oh, yeah, see anything. That's what? Well, what do you want to know about it? It does have a sad ending. No, I'm not talking about that terms. I just bought the movie because it looked good. I was in the video, is it the story, you know? I bought it. And then I read the reviews. And we've used all absolutely, he said, sucks. So I'm just curious as it was watching or not. Well, that depends on you. I mean, I mean, it's about a couple and stuff like that. I don't want to ruin it for you. I'm just going to scale up 10. How many stars would you give it? I would say probably a five or six, but most, I'll give it a shot. I think Katie was selling it to Sean. By the way, the last American version does have a very, very sad ending. Okay, but also has a lot of great music in the late 70s and 80s. And George was right. The guy did Hawk, the stereo, pick it the role in abortion and the girl. Yeah, I like George Boister in Texas. What's wrong with that? Okay, thanks a lot, Sally. Really, he's not the stereo, too. I don't know. He hocked the China. 567.0560, you self-hitting Jew. Oh, man, hot to lose. How many people really crack me up? I've got to show you when you eat too much your kosher, you know? Little kosher is okay. A little bit of deli's but good. But too much kosher will be doing oil clots over your life. Could be doing quite a couple bypass pretty soon. Especially on those cheese blunts is a man. I sure love those. Oh, God. You ever have cheese blunts? Of course. The great. What do you mean of course? Do you remember the Villa Deli used to bring our love on? Oh, I know. Well, every the same man. Since the Villa Deli closed life will never be the same. Oh, my God. They had a kishki that would just tear your kishki's out. It's the food there. Was it unbelievable? That German food shirt is good. I beg you, pardon? You know, blunts is, you know, 567.0560. We have rug a lost pound five six in the wife and singular wireless out of line. WQA and hello. I'm getting married. WQA and hello. Could only help. QAM. I know. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I was going to disappoint you. I said we're the character yesterday. Who's that? Well, Hamlet. Yeah, we already had that one. So we already tried that. 567.056. That's what we take a lot of calls. Maybe we'll get a good one between now and two o'clock. You press me on it. You said take 50 maybe 100,000 or maybe just not 10,000. I don't see a whole lot of them coming in. No, right now. I know that we're trying to like extend a hand of friendship to this stuff or a crowd. It's like that. Even on the Friday, man. Certainly shining here all that ice is melted away to. Now, not out of flake. I know it looks like the middle of summertime until you walk outside the court. What are what the temperature is right now? I'm sure that Castro Nova's taking notes on the Toronto weather. Let me take a few kids. Sonny, it's beautiful. It's minus five. What is that about 26? I would say, guy, that would be my guess. I'm not too bad at minus stuff. I know all the plus numbers. Yeah. You have to mine. It's only like 28. That's even like 24 or something like that. And windy. So it feels like 10 below zero. But other than that, what's really good? How many QAM? Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yep. He washtending ever the Truman Show. Okay. Ed Harris's character should have had the sap killed off. Okay, thanks. That sounds like a Jim Kerry movie to me. It is that it was heard. I know what it is. The same thing keeps happening over and over and over and over and I never saw it. You wanted to know why? Because just like we feel about Tom Hanks, I feel about some Kerry. Well, maybe not exactly the same. Because once upon a time I actually liked Jim Kerry a little bit. I used to like Tom Hanks. That was a long time ago. I liked him in the fish called Wanda. That wasn't a movie. It was in the whatever it was. The mermaid splash splash. That's pretty complicated. Splash. Who was in that who played the mermaid? Darrell Hanna. Where Darrell Hanna? There you go. Well, see from a hanna barbara? No. Anyway, she was pretty good. It was cute. It wasn't a good movie. It was cute. You know, and she was in there and I'm sure you liked that. But that was it. And after that, he shouldn't just gone away. You know, just like Greg Reid. Okay. He did your damage. Now pack up your buddies and go over the lead. That's it. He'll kneel Roger. Sir out there. This is 516. Harry, winning 10s there, man. There's a kick down for over 25 years. And have had some wonderful trips and did that. They prompted him. They prompted him up against the wall. And the last thing he said was, I'm dying over here. He doesn't know if he can't refuse. It's the mirror. He's just one to two little. He's again. Take the canole. Mr. Gonzalez is the true that you is White House Council wrote the memo which basically okay is the use of non-traditional interrogation of combatants, aka torture, to gather information. Mr. Gonzalez, what did you like a minute to think about that answer? No center right now. Okay. One more time, Mr. Gonzalez. I never did. Now before I release the dog, Mr. Gonzalez, may I suggest if you like your family jewels and one piece? Senator, I never broke your field field. Okay. Then what maddies did? No. Okay. Now let's move on to your stand on Roe V-Wigs. Could I have to jump a cable smooth to the lower please? Right now everybody is third foot. Two minutes after one, here's a fact that's just how about swelling green for your movie pool. What do you say? I've said a long time ago. I remember what they were doing. We'll put it on there just to edify them. I mean, just we call the way through, but whatever. I wasn't sure. I was in the letter, am I? No, no, no, no. Oh, my lord. I remember not there. Not no wonder it was the kind of week. You sounded the best. I spend my time by the way Chuck. White House ordered a really spy paper. See, I do want to take a lot of calls, but quite frankly, they're very weak anyway. Federal judge ordered the Bush administration yesterday. It really stocking into about its warrantless surveillance program or spell out what it is with holding. I set back to reference seats to program totally underbabs. At the same time, we were probably confirming that they sent in sub-susc committee city and worked out in the Greenwood of White House to consider legislation and provide more information to Congress on the EVE's dropping program. The panel's top Democrat, who has requested a full scale investigation immediately objected to what he called and abdicate to the committee's responsibilities. And by the beep, but the Raniacos on the mecos on them. Why we straighted boot camp ties from sickle, so did you see that? Panama City. Are you just talking about Panama City today and somebody got all bent out of shape about that? What was that all about? I forgot. Was that just a crank? Was that like a serious guy at or a hook on the turn of about Panama City? Well, those beautiful white beaches and all those bust loads of glam. A 14 year old boy who died while being restrained in a military style boot camp suffer from a sickle cell trait, natural complications of which caused the teens death according to the medical examiner's report released yesterday. However, the report was not enough to play kid. I wouldn't tell you if I have to seek care of folks ever get in my life. I'm a shoot somebody, you know. It may take her ass of bird hunting, which by the way, during every break, I just I just can't stop at a chain of your coil hunt. Oh, yeah, that's my favorite. Never miss. However, the report was not enough to play kid to boys, parents and local leaders in Panama City who requested that US deaths in Department of Investigative, whether Martin Lee Anderson Civil Rights were violated by the use of excessive force. US authorities office announced yesterday, it will grant the request for a federal inquiry. They county Florida Medical Examiner Charles Seabird said they report that Anderson died of internal bleeding, a complication of a sickle cell trait. He ended that he found no evidence of blunt force, trauma, or bruising that little of indicated the boy was handled with excessive force. Anderson collapsed and died January 6 after he complained of breathing to the gollies, while running on a track during the intake process of the wake County Sheriff's Office boot camp program. I've said you would blame for this is at Fitzsale, Jesse. I'll tell you that right now. All right. She's the one who wanted to put all of her American to some ass boot camp, you know. You're every day on the show. What kind of a show was that? And one of that bitches off the air. Teenage boot camp every single freaking day man boot camp. Yeah. Good idea. And then they gave her ass to boot. Oh, look at this. They're waiting to speak for your vice president. How do you like that? Oh, you can't take it. But it's a way to say, yeah, we don't care. We don't want to hear any more lies. We're tired of the lies already. We're tired of the BS just impeached the boat of my ready. Just six, seven, and just a cowardine in there already and cut the crap. 560, 560, palm five, 60, and they Verizon, sing it a little, write us down. We got our 1000 votes yet. What's we do that? I can like rest easy. We're likely accomplished something. 994, we need six mole. Piece of cake, right? Right. And then he said 997. And before before we even put you up, then I call before I do it. It'll be a thousand. Moving with the worst ending, Blair Witch Project 96, easy writer 87, war the world's 94. Contact 56, AI artificial intelligence 62, eh? But in all the sky 56 apocalypse now, 43, penalty apes 39. How about the great ape? The village 38, saving Ryan's private 34. I hate this pole 33. You see that? Mm-hmm. Beech out Magnode or that hurt 29. The abyss, 27. Million dollar baby, 22, Jacobs, lighter, 17. The birds 17, fight club 16, a fish called Wanda 14, Mahalandra 13, star range. Uh, minority report 13, the natural 13, Donny Darko 13, fabulous movie, crappy ending he dies. The matrix of our evolution 12, that was a jakele on halbe before he turned the gay. Looking for Mr. Goodmarch 12, all by the way, Josh is a marked it down in his counter. He's got to be sure, watch on two, they're super natural to see if there's still sleeping in the same hotel room. Yeah, I didn't salmon beam. Just living in the same bed. Yeah, full mountain alert. It's a single bed too. Chinatown 11, Superman 29, the game nine. That was pretty good movie, and then the ending did ruin it. You're right. With Michael Douglas. Remember that? Have you seen it? No. Haven't you seen the game? I don't think so. Get outta here. There's only gonna see it now. Blaine Runner, a close, a color of money 7, LA confidential 7, the big of a bow ski 7, the big Lewinsky. Platoon 6, LA story 6, 40 days and 49, five. None of the above four. Clue four. As good as it gets for the contender for army of darkness four, cast away three. The last American virgin three. Some and Louise three, murder by death three. I think the last American virgin is counterleaser. Start as memory. I got the champ. Trust me. She had ever been touched by no man. So what I said? I didn't hear what you said. I'm probably glad. Yeah, you ought to be glad. Murder by death three. Start as memory three. The champ two. Pushing tin two. Is that like trying to push a well, like a jet head? I'll set it in Bosnia. The heartbreak kid two. The Truman Show one bullworth one. Bad ending is right. That was kind of interesting. Moving the ending just absolutely sucked. Destroyed everything. The thing one. Unfaithful one. Twelve angry men one. Red River one. Zero for soren and green Friday night lights. The red violin. I thought the red violin already had one before. Now I think somebody took the vote away. I'm a stud. Good shit. I'm a stud. None. Living down LA has gotten up. A thousand six votes. Okay. Now. Now. I can breathe easy. Don't forget to join George tomorrow. Come by there and say, hey, little Georgie. Right. Between one or three advanced pro shops off I-95 River Road in Danya. Stop by the spin the QM wheels. The McGill got to be there with you. Not. I imagine. McGill got to be there too. You don't want to see George. You probably want to see McGill. Spin the wheel for your chance to win free prizes. McGill will tell you stories about the good prizes and how they all got auctioned off on eBay. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. One for the poll. Yes sir. Urban cowboy horrible. Okay. Don't you? Wow. That was an interesting way to call in. And I think I think somebody plucked that phone my right to the sand. I don't think it was him. It was an interesting sound. That makes when somebody somebody from the phone company intercedes. Urban cowboy. And I didn't I see that. Who the hell's it? No, I didn't know it was downretholder. Yeah. Oh, I would knock I said I wouldn't see that. I'm not in the theater. Like, you know what I mean? Jose. No thank you. WQAM. Hello. You know who I am? Yes sir. Hey, you know. I want to first thank you for recommending to not see broke back. I almost saw it. I don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. I'm not going to. I wanted to bring up. I'm sure you heard the hermaphrodite polar bears that are from the pollution. Have you heard about them? No. I think. Okay. Well, I think the polar bears have mutated in a lot of them become hermaphrodites because of the air pollution flying up there. Then falling in rainwater into the food source and the native. They become poor. And they become poor. And they're all murdering everything up in the Arctic. The grayers are melting at twice. Yeah. I'm not going to be in my town. There's a matter of fact, we went to Reglaces. I got to sit right on my fist. Yeah. And basically we're just showing the plan to find the one to be great. It would be selective in its retribution. Because you know we're getting killed by global warming and that cow and craze. Yeah. And all those bullcups wouldn't be great if it just unloaded on all the bastards that are actually doing the damage and the people on power. Well, and the reposted case. Okay. This is the case. This is the case. This is the case. Well, just one thing. Conservation.org. Conservation International. You could donate to that. I think they do good stuff at the environment. I'm pretty sure there's a lot of organization they work with big corporations to get them to do good stuff. And stuff screwing everything up. So you might want to link it on your website. I want to check it out. So I think it'd give you the heads up on that. Okay. Thanks. Okay. How good three for Jesus, baby, because they destroy an employment. Greenlands later, glaciers are dumping more than twice as much ice in the land. You see the store on the news on the slice, aye? No. Scary. They're dumping more than twice as much ice into the Atlantic now as 10 years ago. Because glaciers are sliding off the land more quickly. Researcher said yesterday, this could mean oceans will rise even faster than four cast. And rising surface air temperatures appear to be the blame. And the researchers report in today's issue of the journal science. Placias around the world are disappearing fast. Several researchers told a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Greenland is probably going to contribute more and faster to see level rise than predicted. Eric Rigno of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab at the California Technology Told News Conference. Between 96 and 2006, the amount of water lost in Greenland's ice sheet has more than doubled. From 90 cubic kilometers to 220 cubic kilometers a year. One cubic kilometers, the amount of water LA uses in the year. 200 cubic kilometers of water is a lot of fresh water, Rigno said. Other experts agreed this could mean that scientists have underestimated how much to see level rise in the future as the planet warms. At 1.7 million square kilometers, at 650,000 square miles, up to 3 kilometers, nearly two miles stick and little smaller than Mexico. The Greenland ice sheet would raise level level by about 22 feet if it melted completely. Twenty-two feet. In other words, 5 by floor, I don't forget about New Orleans. Viby Florida. And of course, 5 by Amsterdam and by a lot of places. Right in New York LA Seattle. There you go. The state of Venice, Florida, is causing the rising air temperatures in Greenland. But most scientists agree that human activity, notably the burning of fossil fuels, is playing an important role in global warming. Is it the way I doubt? Is it there has to be debate on this? They've calculated that Greenland contributes about 200 to an inch, that's half a millimeter, a solar little millimeter, to the annual long-tempted and entourage in global sea levels. Since 1996, southeast Greenland's outer outlet glaciers have been flowing more quickly, and since 2000 glaciers far north of also spread up. And then, of course, someday, somebody will write a story about how God got angry again, and we had the big flood, everybody drowned. I'll get the arc ready. Okay, maybe get a hammer in some nails, and start grabbing a pair of zebras and a pair of hip-a-potemy and a pair of this and a pair of that. And don't pick Tom Cruise on there, either if you want to like perpetuate the human rights. Right. Make sure you get a pair of Keats. Yeah. A pair of one? Oh, Keats. I'll tell you what, the tea. I'll say Keats with the tea. Yeah, I'll always have one of those on there too. Kind of like stimulative or re-production, something. Very, very sad. Nobody cares. They talk about yield gibbons and tree huggers and bark, bark, eaters and all the other. I see, I'll just like to say a chain guide. There is bark, as worse than his... It's fine. In contrast to all this old Harry still... I'm not gonna bump up by my head. Right, letting him in. Morton. That's fine. I should tell us how you guys are charged with a couple old babes and how you are a booze in the up. Okay, going out and having a great old time. Come on, Harry. Tell us the truth. I mean, there's about as much chance you get in the truth out of that story. Just like a yo Kennedy came back after Chep, a quid at the next day and decided to show up at the polling station and make up his own story. Well, that's what's going on here. No one will ever know the amount of curousing and boozing and the schmoozing and cruising and losing. This is what we're doing there. No sense to a grouse about it though. And when you're shopping for shoes, comfort value and fit is what all shoppers want and you'll get all these ingredients and much more. All of these things. All of these things. As Randy shoes and pompot of beach. Randy's carries an unbeatable selection of all the top brands like rock port, floor shim, echo, S.A.S., and a fisto, new balance, all the other top names in the shoe business and Brandy's professional shoe fighters will make damn sure that you get a customized video favorite comfort shoe. Ask for already. He'll take good care of you. The pros at Brandy's really do understand fit and comfort to even specialize in wide wits as well for those of you who really are playing with those big wide platypus type feet. Brandy's worth your trip from just about any place in town. So don't forget comfort style fit. Ready when slash. No all waiting for you all the time at Brandy's shoes 12 million or federal highway and poverty. Brandy's open every day for your shopping convenience Monday through Saturday. Tonight and every Sunday till 5 and this week again, it's a great time to buy S.A. shoes at Brandy's. Take 20 to 40 bucks off of retail price of all grade men's and women's S.A.S. styles this week at Brandy's shoes and pompot of beach. Or do your shoe shopping online at Brandy's Shoes.com. This is meal ruts. This is five 16, two. A. F***! I love the watch moves and butts and boi. kindergarten Of course, lack of proof back how long Had it hard to tell me how to view better Like a proof back how long There's a reason why Chats don't cover the theory I'm a home on the rain that's where Like a proof back how long Oh speaking that story about that kid that died in the Hathamaw City Authority's release the video tape today showing guards restraining a boy to juvenile detention boot camp just hours before he died The parents of 14 year old Martin Lee Anderson believed the footage from a boot camp security camera will show that guards beat their son to death They were viewing the one hours 20 minute tape that their lawyers office in Tallahassee is the FDLE made it to me. How do you like that? There's a love tape for it. I know you're a good chanies another very prominent girl God, oh, there we go again the shooting was the worst day of my life. They're quote I had a very long weekend Thankfully here is on the man they didn't catch us with the rods They didn't do the breathalizer because we made them out of the storm the middle of the next day Get out of here you lion sack of garbage you man Never forget as long as I lived today I wasted all that time before in the 2000 red pages and pages of that book about this guy A thousand times worse than bush. This is this is the evil do or ride here the other one's just he's just a knitwood. He's just long for the ride on his name There you go Hey, of course, you know what this is notes isn't shy in my own right that's in his hood. We're heel feel safe 560 pound five 60 in the Verizon and see like I got it said yesterday Those 39 percent of America who just refused don't confuse them with the truth, you know nasty bigoted right way not Bible fump and hypocritical closet queen bastards. Where would hell they are they all got their thing WCOM hello Yes, sir. How you doing great? I really appreciate the Eric Alterman article. That was terrific stuff was good I got to tell you in the next in the next six months with the 2006 election cover up that's ordering here all these stories about how China's building up their military and I ran building up their new I say that's bomb everybody Oh, you know, I got one question for you and I think even the talk about it He was with that change with this Oh, yeah, she looks like Harry Whittington. She looks just like the guy he's shot Yeah, I spent the state department in email on NASA, they could verify the whereabouts of one of their ambassadors I got a guy who would buy it. Yeah, I guess I'm going to be registered soon I got a call and it probably said listen it on this call right now I get so sick Don't answer the door I'm sorry to tell you I'd be packing a piece Piece of what I look at that bitch Kuro Phillips. Seriously her and Dana bash I don't know which one I like to bash their brains in if I could find them probably in there. I can't see it. Thank goodness Why don't you turn on the hand guy there I didn't get any on the other I got a garbage press. I got a little drop I got a little drop I got a little dog and pony show another photo off He showed that he's still alive and there's candy on the other side is they again try to do a little A little damage control here a lot of damage control and now we get where they're off the screen I mean, I look at this bitch. Oh, seriously, she is she makes a lot of brown look like a good somerra Phillips. Oh, I bridge painter Daniels from a the Jamie Bridgen San Luis Missouri just in the CNN and also another dog got lost really Oh my god, oh, here's a good news for the wife of dolphin's line and will not press charges and that domestic violence case got to get the correct update. Okay, okay Damian McIntosh. I'm sure he's one of Josh's favorite football players. Yeah, the dolphins offensive line Who was arrested at his debut home yesterday when's the charge of the domestic violence for allegedly knocking his wife to the floor was released from jail that Amazon for cognizance is there. That's today I mean yesterday McIntosh 28 told officers he and his wife are arguing and he pushed her to the floor According to a police report file after his arrest 1041 Wednesday morning McIntosh told police his wife hit her head pretty hard His wife precious totalis McIntosh was taken a Cleveland Clinic in Western release the same day precious totalis McIntosh I wonder she's in the fancy on passions precious fancy. I'm Thursday precious McIntosh said he wouldn't press no charges But it would be pretty good for myself and I do like to part about how when they got there after she called from the Batroom McIntosh led into the bathroom where his wife was unresponsibly faced down on the floor. So charges be a lead. Okay. WDQAM hello Yeah, hey, I just want to let you know give me a walk the Marcus Red in blue field township and maple and telegraph Yeah, and then last night I made a real accident Seven 90s a ticket. Yes, seven 90s a ticket was broadcasting in a stoventy U.S. versus Latia at 12 midnight last night. Wow, that's how you get good ratings I don't do every time man that U.S. life view game I would say if I don't know I stayed up all four workers run a bridge when a scaffold broke their in San Luis That's hop right on and everybody started running around in circle. Don't forget one in question or went out running circle screaming shot And you should know I said that one guy money don't please don't go see that broke ass mountain don't run it don't bite don't watch it is And it's guy really has nothing to do with that that part of it that that's the least of the problems The most of the problem is ponderous and it is slow and it don't go anywhere the acting is as dull as a 40 year old razor blade It is just bad. I mean, let's you know, we get excited about watching about your sheep run up and down among them the dog the sheep dog If that's her man, you'll love it. That's your company otherwise forget about it. I'm pretty killing him. Hello. I just got an update on Dick Chamey. Yeah. Yeah. He's up for some TCB. Yeah. The political cracker behind you. Okay, excellent. What do we hear that? Wow. You're the one man. I'm the whole said you're the one. You said take a zin in these calls. They're going to be fabulous and you're right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right okay right right right left right right right right just keep getting things really like right underneath it right right right right right right so right your right one. out here right right right and right top side there right right just right this right right and I mean remembering  right right so When they could shower, what a scourge! When I was told that you shall wear the sweat, and the sweat, and the cold, and the shower, I let the cold go shall wear! I used to drink a duffee, before I stopped the scourge. I did it off the wee wheels, with a pair of blue-crossed gloves. When they loved my cold, they said, it was always in the water. They did those things. When I came for something, I wanted you to ask, and I just started to wear the naked shower, and I said, I let the cold shower, and the sweat, and the sweat, and the sweat, and the cold shower, and the sweat, and the sweat, I don't want to say that these appearances, these speeches are contrived, but there was Chinese speaking in China, and my woman is over there, and look where your president is speaking right now, and Tampa, Florida, with a group of step-for-wise. And notice everything he says, they're all like nabin', just like the step-for-dwives and guys. To enable us, exactly, in Tampa, no less. You can be sure that they're all like Terry, picked and brought in by invitation only, and first, and whatever else. Okay, move it with the worst ending. Here's the top by handful. Do you want to smile handful? The Blairwood Project 99, that was George's pick, was nowhere this morning, and now it's on top. Easy writer 88, give it a little run there. War the world's 87, we got a good battle going on, man. Contact 71, AI, Artificial Intelligence 64, and vanilla sky, rhymes with AI 57. Apocalypse, now 43. I hate this pool 42. Hey, no, you're by the way, only has 31. Okay, so that's so where we are. Right now. I think it's a good pool. These are jaded and tax days. It is pool really surfs today, like yesterday. What was wrong with that cartoon pool today? Nothing at all. I mean, the only thing was wrong with it. It was, I take full responsibility. We left off Andy Camp, but especially, Blondie and Dagwood, my god. My whole childhood. From the time I was like, all of that to look at a funny paper, like in the godfather, two about 50, you know, when I was no longer a child. Every time you open a for the comic section, it's a bottom of the front page, would be, Blondie, right? Right? Right? Wasn't it always? Maybe not always. Not maybe not every newspaper editor, but sure, sure in the Rochester, Democrat and Chronicle, which we didn't get the time zoomed in, because that's a bunch of Republicans, okay? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Find a wheel. That's what that sound like. Oh, is that? But it's not, it's a laundry, baby. Oh, Blondie, oh, oh, oh, no. We brought it up. I wasn't picking up them. Okay, just, okay, that's not going to be laundry. I guess that, that's where that thing came from. The deadwood sandwich? Yes. Oh, I know that. I'm just saying, just don't know. I mean, he's reading it to sloppy sausage. No, I had all that good stuff from trying to bake her. I said, baked, he made it best. And Josh was eating the same, huh? Yes. I understand why you guys don't get different stuff. And like, mix and match, you know, I swear, it's the coffee, me, that's all. Oh, you just an imitating. It's want to be like George, man. Right? Boulding, yeah. Gray, not getting anything. I see. Well, I'm up into life part. And I can pay too much, right? All these things. I mean, I do a well of that. Somebody QAM, hello. I know. I want to give you the, I think, to broke back down. So you don't have to waste your time. Okay, please. Why would I want to watch you do you pay me by the second? Okay, but what's that in some of the other? Don't take you on all of the victim of a gay bitch. And he dies. Oh. And then the other guy, what's his end? The woman, the muggle? He goes to the parents house. He can spell Jake shirt. He's so stupid. Oh, God. He's stupid. He's shirt. Oh, my God. The bloody shirt they had to fight in. At least it is to his pantaloonies. His VVVVs anyway. But I think that. Thanks for the band. So he's the victim of gay bashing. Okay. Well, I see that's the interesting part of it is because they have both of them got married. You know. So it was like George is always saying that a guy who's straight. And then he can wander around on the side. Is that what you're always saying? Yeah, that's what I'm always saying. With the sheep. So he got killed and killed. Like what's that movie with Harvey Firestein and Matthew Bradwick? George Doncillot. George Doncillot. You know that, but you never saw the movie. No. You don't want to see the muggle. I just want to be loud this. I don't want to see that a billion times. It was okay. And bankrupt as much as I loved her. I mean, she overracting really bad in that movie. I mean, way over the top. Way. He's a little hard to take that Harvey. Harvey Firestein. Well, thank God that the movies don't story a type of minorities. That's one thing I'm always going to be proud of my whole life. Or you don't stereotype Latinos or black or AP or any kind of people. Yeah. Thank goodness for that. Lucy. WDQAM. Hello. I'll make sure made a lot of good money you're doing it. I'll take it then. Daisy. WDQAM. Hello. Those stereotypes. That was it. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. My cigarettes. Who did mole from two to four? That may be a little bit of that poll question. One of these days soon. Who did mole from two to four? Or maybe just who did mole? I don't want to hear about it. The thoughts, seconds meet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. In fact, I'll tell you I'm sick and the illness is as much as we have not for two. Yeah. I'd rather hear him say. I'll book our Ray Powsen Time. I hope when he's out of that picture, son. I wonder what he thought about that third foot in that one picture. That one. I wonder. Yeah. Yeah, in fact, I'll tell you one thing. I know what the Mrs. said, you know, Laura. You know what she said when she's on a picture? You call that a penis? That's what she said. 560, pound five, 60, and they've arrived and sing it a while. Let's line. Come at a QAM. Hello. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Somebody better be told that Damian Macintosh. She better not hurt. Press us. She puts the lotion in the basket. Ha ha ha. Oh, right. See, you're right to calls her fabulous today. What's not to like, man? And what? Well, I'm not going to say it. I'll say it. Why me to say what I was going to say it about 15 minutes? You know what? I'm going to say. No, I don't know. About to call, Stony. I don't. You're not very observant, aren't you? I'm actually Josh knows. Yeah, I know. It's already 20 till two. I don't want to, like, you remember that show press your luck? I don't want to do it. Uh huh. I mean, there was one little very short, uh, you know, very brief. But other than that, maybe they're busy. They like, uh, pluck and chickens or something. So speaking of that, where's that story? Europe puts poultry indoors. Everybody listen, bring your bird inside, okay? Europe puts poultry indoors as bird flu cases multiply. You know, this really cracks me up the way that they're getting us, just everybody hysterical about this. I guess they want to sell a lot of that time off the world or something, even though it doesn't work. Right. Europe threw up protective zones to keep the ever expanding bird flu from spreading the humans and devastating the continents poultry industry. Even as researchers warn, a future pandemic could kill 142 million people worldwide, a future pandemic could kill or not. Romania was deemed especially at risk of human infection in the WHO announced today. With verbally reported at 31 separate sites, Romania runs the risk of human contamination in any moment. A WHO expert, Guinaal Rodier said at the end of a 40 inspection tour. But even though it says runs the risk of human contamination, that still doesn't say or even imply human to human contamination. Follow that? Okay. And I mean, they're not even putting that in the stories anymore. Are we right about one person yet? One who's contacted, contracted it from another person? One talked it, contacted, contracted, contracted, contracted. Just don't be getting too close with no chicken. No, be kissing no chickens. Okay. Kiss and choke and whatever. Don't know. Don't know. Santa, we have this weekend. Don't be nail on no chicken. I don't even know where this weekend. Okay. Put them as is up there just for a time being. Don't bother for this. They can't really roll. Roger. And then for this is over 16. Two, eight. Eight. A heart or a liver? A heart. A heart. There's here my caring rum school man. Been sweet. My name is Fabry. The tone rear was fading. Until that special afternoon's recording, some old folkie tunes I never dreamed that. Any of this crap would sell it all when I was done. But I did shoot it number one. Can't keep it stocked on shelves. So it's just pouring it out. That damn thing is selling like my soul. I don't find it says to them, making jokes from home. We're not in Grandpa. We're not in Grandpa. My bank of campsit gets Montana. Two, eight. Oh, and in jokes from grandma and grandpa. They sound a crappy, but I keep from asking, making jokes from. That white hair crowd. We got the clean sweep first we had the beep. And we had the beep. And now we got the airmongering rum spell talking about damn trash stuff like that. See this is the way they do it. I just felt the airwaves with nothing but nonstop propaganda man. Hitler ran Joseph Gervels and Hermongering and Rudolph Hess. And it'll be proud. A media blince. And Dr. Mangala, he could have the doctor show on. And he could replace Sergei Gupta, whatever his name is. Sergei. Sergei. Sergei. Or Sergei. Is he got a son? Sergei. Sergei, he'll be on a wrong. Let me do this first. And by the way, we'll say to you what I was saying before Josh or Codon. I guess you probably have no clue. We got through the whole four hours today with a minimal of our friends. We had the one. I'm getting what I thought you were talking about. We had the one for about a tenth of a second before we dumped that. And then that was the end of that today. What a bachaya. That is to you. It must have been your psychic powers. Because that's the end for the calls. In fact, I'm shut this baby. I just said to monitor on. And that will you not tempt it. You know, that's right. Good player. No, seriously, that's already 147. We got the yelding stand. And I will save all the good calls for guilty. There you go. You can call guilty and guard over him all you want. He'll heal the him. That's it. The Maryland State Board of Elections allow valuable. Elections systems to operate its touchscreen voting machines. During the state's 2002 Governor to our election. And the 2004 presidential primary is before. The state is the actually certified the controversial machines. According to recently disclosed documents and come to find out. They worked good machines. That is a violation of state law according to Linda Shady. I wonder if she's kind of slum shady. Except it would write for a true vote MD dot or an election integrity group. Oh, let's take with you. Isn't that like an oxy moron? On his barb of star. She's a guy. One quote that say it's a guy. She did a shit. Whatever name is discovered that I can be among thousands of other. She recently acquired through a lawsuit filed against the Maryland State Board of Elections in 2004. After almost two years of public records request and attorney wrangling. She received four boxes filled with email conversations, faxes and contracts between the elections officials and Diable, the anxious Diable. Why gotta play that? So far we've only gone through one box and have just started the second box. She said Wednesday we expect to find much more. Meanwhile Republican Governor of Maryland Robert early June. New Delivered a scathing letter to the State Board of Elections Wednesday. Lashing out of the agency for intending to use Diable. Systems for the upcoming 2006 election. While California in Pennsylvania of either de-certified or refused to certify the voting systems, which recent study show can easily be hacked to manipulate votes. Then I know I have confidence that the state will have election. They conduct fair and accurate elections in 2006. You would public and governor stated in a four page letter. How do you like that? If you're a Republican governor of Maryland, no longer has confidence in Diable because the fix is in. I know the Diable Court, you know. But it's a rule. We know the Diable Court, you know. We know the Diable Court, you know. We know the Diable Court, you know. We know the Diable Court, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. We know, we've got rid of theelis of all the citizens of the space in the home in Accessor. All. We know the State of Maryland, you know. You know you know that State of Houston, you know your State of Arizona, you recognize. We know the State of Minnesota, you recognize that you know. We know the State of Maryland, you know. You know we know the State of ney, you know. And we know our State of Adams, okay. Two fixed presidential elections in the world confidence is low for the outcome of the midterm elections this fall In fact, I got news for it because of these special powers that your president and vice president keep Asserting that they've got I think they might just decide to call them off altogether wouldn't surprise We've got important fish to fry. We got to win attack Iran and China and Syria Canada Jesse Jackson condo laser rice get the top support among black sass den indonesians most important black leader According to an AP aOL black voices pool next come roll in cool and sell out Powell and Barack Obama Many black question whether any one person can wear the leadership mantle for such a large endeavor screw of a people even Mickey Manl couldn't wear that's why will he may as had a come along at the same time two thirds of the poll set leaders in their communities were effective representatives of their interests When blacks were asked to come up with the one person they considered the most important black leader 15% chose Jesse Jackson nobody pick red you Jackson or Michael Jackson who did ball a Civil rights activist to rent for president the eighties Jackson well, it like we need to find out who wrote this AP you idiot While 11% picked Condolizer 8% colon rule and sell out Powell with his vile comments and 6% in Barack Obama freshman Democrat Senator from Illinois about a third decline of all to her name like we don't know Less than one and five of those totally 18% said the current black leadership doing a very effective job Represented the black community. They are absolutely correct. I'm kind of dissolution said retalially John Manning Who says the leadership is somewhat effective somewhat the number kind of report Charlotte Florida added They seem to be going in different directions. They're doesn't seem to be a cohesiveness and that's because they're all busy grand standing way to you who well-scots some posts you're gonna pin your pants You're gonna have a wet spot on that chair where Randy left that same Nation of Islam and Mr. Louis Ferrican got four percent touch our hope Oprah win free got three percent King who was killed Martin Luther King, Jr. in 68 got three percent. I don't understand. He's dead. I still dead and former Democratic presidential candidate Al Sharf in got two percent 14 percent picked somebody else 3% said Oprah win free is the most important black leader in America today I can't do what they probably all read that book Neil God Oh Don't lie all the heart pointing A Steve Reummertime muscle K kicks inicie diet There's not a lot of charm Se handsome with President Get close to your dad He's got his phone And get to win We go home to home to home If you want this Don't know, don't know, if you're a stupid Don't know, don't know, if you're a stupid Don't know, don't be stupid Don't know, if you're a stupid Please, present in trouble You don't care what it is You got a man by her third call You're a Christian All it's all about you and I But you don't know, if you're a traitor We're got a great leader Who's president of the shit? Abu-Gar, you're a friend Abu-Gar, you're a friend Bye, bye, bye