Oh, blows, as soda, the boo! Oh! It's an illegal hiking, it's not real. Remember to kill him after all. Well, if you sell roger's take your body, can you imagine that CFF now? Yes, you've got to be honest. Even though CFF ratings are all the greatest famous users in this town. Yeah, it's a mess. They're like a question where, but we have to make one thing perfect, please clear. Can you make her? I'm so kind, I just want to make it 50 million. All the fluggers on the matter go and crazy at their little computer. Yeah, they're right behind the left. They're like a bunch of broken sailors out of leave and hanging in the food. Well, it's all done to handle well. So far she's left her, we can sit in Brian Williams' way back in thought, we're here. Okay, we can get five seconds of the million. Well, she's at the four of America's help to come up with a set aside hall. Yeah, she needs a sign on that, but don't worry, the other one, her company on your baby Lee Raw. Yeah, everybody's on. She's been beaten up so bad that the four of the million he might be fucking at the end. Yeah, baby, girl. It's so close, it's just making 50 million. Well, the million buzzers, everyone is with nothing to bother. Yeah, it's a system and the only one that's happy is that crazy narcissistic man rather. He's got to think of you, man. All the amazing things that I'd like to make on your mortal breakdown, shut up, tear. Hey, man, tell her to stay in that pool. Hey, man, tell her to, if I'm 60, I'm going to kill him. She's small potatoes when you got a little arasca, right? Right, looks like she's got big potatoes. Yes, I don't get it, I look at those pictures. I mean, she just doesn't photograph very well. That's her. But if she doesn't photograph very well, how could she be so sexy on TV? Well, anyway, WSVN channel 7's Elita Larresca has won the title America's sexiest newscast during an online vote by readers of F.H.M. Magazine. She's picked up the October issue and rather revealing a tire. Are they all going to go out there and racing out to buy F.H.M.? Well, what does that mean? What does F.H.M.? F. Her man. For him magazine. What does that what it is? Yes. And, Elita's the more than Ace Ventura detects out for the magazine, quips. And she's done it with a better figure than Al Roker. Well, let's say in quite a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh, I say, oh, stop running that promo where he's like high step in, you know, and he's, oh, it just makes you honor vomit. Larresca 29, born in the Philippines is a former orbit writer for all the Philippines. There it is. That's it. Oh, Filipino. Oh, brother. Yeah. How come she's not here then? Because all of the Philippines, it's not in the Philippines, is in Toronto. Believe me. Larresca 29, born in the Philippines, mine is former orbit writer for the Orange County Register of Hemses, among her quotes, people in Miami embraced curves. Here I can wear a cute sweater and still be professional. Right. She also talks about getting hired at Channel 7. When I auditioned, they wanted to know if I could deal with anything thrown my way. Then we had hurricanes every week for my first six weeks. I repeated stuff I heard the night before on the Weather Channel. I've mentioned Northeast quadrant because it sounded smart. I didn't went to the bookstore and got a copy of the complete idiots guy to weather. And that great? Oh, she's, she's the weatherer. Oh, she a new person or weather lady. Weather girl. Weather girl. Oh, so in over it, she's not a meteorologist then. I don't know. I don't think so. Well, no, she wouldn't have had to go to, she wouldn't have had to be watching the Weather Channel to get pointers on what, she's not like, she's just a phony weatherer. Weather girl. Like Jackie's Johnson. There's another one that everybody. All the guys have been all whipped up. Oh, my god. Jackie. Yeah. And she was a donkey face. I don't care what anybody says. He was marginal and this brought us got a big round face. And you're talking about like Eskimo and stuff like that. You issued him. I'm going to say him. I guess, anyway. No, there are very beautiful Filipino people. Sure. She ain't one of them. She's not even close. But that's all right. She's no, what's it Brian Northwest? She's no one will come off. Although perhaps just a little bit more feminine. This guy from Lantana. This is, this takes the kick off the call. Oh, this is good. Only in Lantana folks. A father broke his leg trying to cure his daughter's fear of heights. Try steward. What was his name again? Draw a steward. No relation to dance to her. All we're fine. And his 10 year old daughter, Megan, were on their daily bike ride Monday evening when steward suggested they jump off a 15 foot bridge as a way of curing the girls' fear of heights. They could have come up here and they could have jumped off the Seagrum tower together. And she'd never fear heights again. Megan made the jump out of the intercostal waterways safely. But her 31 year old father ended up with a broken leg. Oh, right. We're a rocket scientist. Nice going Troy. At first he said, you want to do it or not. Megan said, I thought it's kind of high and then he's like trust me. Trust me, honey. Steward was able to get out of the water, waited nearby. And for Megan wrote her bike to have my home and ordered her mother, quote, all the thirties. In his mind he was playing said Mandy Potter through a potter 32 of her partner of 10 years, but I don't can tell him his child's play. He was playing. Steward was not charged with the crime since Megan jumped willingly. However, officials from the State Department of Children and Families planned to interview him. This is an example of what not to do as a parent place captain Andy Rundelsiff and let this be a good lesson to everybody. Somebody's tried it and it's not a good idea. I'll tell you Robby Benson tried it to tell her, how he breathed and worked out too well for him either. Remember that? Yeah, how do you, how do you, how do you, Robby? You're fairie. No, no, not fairie. Man. Well, he did stuff and that's him. And he did. You got a little tense about it. Got some very bad news on the death scene. Maybe we're the only ones to care about this, except for the people that we didn't know who she was. And Richard's is dead. I loved Anne Richard's. Did you like her lot? She was great. She's what the Democratic Party ought to be, man. She had a big mouth and she let people have it. And she, uh, she was great. Anne Richard's is the silver head Texas activist who galvanized the 88 Democratic National Convention with her Tart Keynote speech. It was the states 45th Governor until upset 1994 by an underwester made a challenge. Her name George W. Bush died yesterday at her home in Austin. She was 73. And his Richard died surrounded by her four kids of complications from his soft and zeal cancer. You think I all heard booze and had to do with that? Probably booze. He was a lot generally smoke a lot. Okay. I'll think we're like, Hannah. Yes, generally. But generally. Well, we'll find out. Ms. Richards was the most recent one of the most effective and a long line of loan star state progressives who vied for control of Texas. In the days when it was largely a one party Democratic on-clay, a champion of civil rights gay rights and feminism. Her defeat by the future president was one of the chief markers of the end of generations of democratic dominance in Texas. And the beginning of the end for the human race. So estimated was her celebrity on the national stage high over that she appeared in national advertising campaigns, including one for snack chips. And was the lawyer on lobbyist for public strategies and Werner look for it for an hard McSerson hand. Poor George, he can't help it. Ms. Richards said that the Democratic Commission 88, speaking about the current president's father, former president of George Herbert Walker Bush, he was born with a silver footnism. As he said, her acidic, why didn't she was Jewish? Her acidic, tight spoken keynote address was one of the years political highlights in catapult of the one term Texas governor into a national figure. And she was on Larry Kinga Lot. All right. We're going to tell how the cow ate the cabbage. She said bringing the great tradition of her active or seven-oratory to the national political stage in a way that transformed the mother of a revered icon of feminist activism. This is the same or here about why she had the, you know, because that's what we want to know. Oh yeah, she began to drink heavily going into rehab, move that she later couldn't do with saving her life under political career after her divorce. She got divorced. Why do you know those marriages, man? In 1992, she was chairwoman, they've convention at first nominated Bill Clinton, two years later, she underestimate her younger public and founder for West Texas. Going so far as to refer to George W. Bush as some jerk, a comment that two considerable criticism, but of course now we know she was, that was a compliment. Later she announced that the younger candidate had been much more effective at staying on message and made none of the states that her campaign strategist have expected. She was beaten 53. She announced that the younger candidate had been much more effective at staying on message and made none of the states that her campaign strategist have expected. She was beaten 53 to 46%. She wrote, so wrote several books. On her 60th birthday, she got a first motorcycle license, but she didn't jump off any bridges or whatever. There you go, nothing more about her as a top in the year, but I think a lot of booze and of course a lot of smoking, it goes along with it. So Anne Riches is dead next bed news she was 73, which ain't really that old. Not when you're 64. When you're 25, 73 sounds like, oh my god, one of those old parts, like we see Oliver sounds Florida. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. When you're 91, like my mother was, I mean 73 is like a child, right? Everything in it, you know, it all depends on your perspective, depends on your switchful thinking. Here's the poll from yesterday, 1500 AD votes. Well, I'll tell you the votes are pouring in on these polls if you notice. Oh yeah. Look at how we got 747 right now. It's a beauty. It's a KLM 747. Kevin Kruehl, take her seat. Oh, you just got to love those ducks. Yeah. What person sums up what America is today? Parasillton, man, they hate her like poison and deservedly so as a matter of fact, guess who's reading today's poll by a mile? I give up Parasillton. Oh, how about that? Look at that right now. Wouldn't it be something that I don't think if we ever had anybody when a poll two days in a row? Only give me a good. We don't do that if I put in, you know, like who do you hate the most and you know, bush shirt could win every day. What would be the point in that? We all we know what he is. Parasillton 513, George W413, a very respectable, but nevertheless somewhat distant second. She would be about 100 votes. I think like that. Parasillton, she is the epitome of what America has become. The celebration of mediocrity and the celebration of no talent, celebration of garbage, crap. Like any curve, for example, that bitch. No talent. I'm not going to say she's got, I'm not going to mince my word. She has no talent. Okay. She looks like hell on wheels. She's going to very weak to live. But other matches are great talent. 15 freaking million a year to go on there and come in number three. They're already with number three. They were probably playing Bob Shee for what about 75 bucks an hour a week. I bet you Josh Cortis is making more money than Bob Shee for what's make. Oh yeah. And across a lot of those depends though. I hate this pool 136. They didn't like that pool. Well, they liked it. Let's see. They hate this pool. It's got only 2.7%. Why do I care about what percentage is it? Say, like when I think that I really care about what that percentage is a lot more than vote for that club. That's right. I don't really don't care what you vote for. T.O. Terrellones 103 is T.O. like Stanford, Toronto or like Terrellones 103. Katie Kurok 100. Yeah. And I think I voted for a pair of silt and but I think Katie Kurok is the right answer with her. I turned it on for about three seconds last night just to take a look at whether she still have the heavy duty mask error in the black eye. And she does. Donald Trump 72 who shout who barks at the microphone. He's barking on those PSA's. He does that NBC. Uh, blah, blah, blah, blah. He isn't idiot. Nice hairdo though. Ted Robertson 68. Flip. Drilling. Nuck case. A real Getsky. Tom Cruise 49. You're fairy. P. Diddy. Better known as also better known as you're fairy. Uh, 40. How caught. Now, how come nobody ever talks about him being in it? We're John Revolta and our Kelly. Huh? I don't know. He was married to J. Lowe. That's right. Well, that's all you need to know. Jerry Falwell 35. Read a cause B 31. I wonder if I still have any of that stuff on here. Do you think? I don't think it's all you better. You're thinking about that. You really got something happened to him mentally or maybe some anti-intel, you know, depressed of drugs that he was taking. I still say it's not possible to believe that she could be on here. It's just, although they did have a woman on this morning on a M.S. NBC on the same network that gives you a cause B who sounded like she was gardening with razor blades and was talking underwater. Am I right? Right. It's not like a malfunction at the junction, but that was the moment where he's helped. She was just talking here just to guess, but at least she went on a payroll. And Sha came in dead last only 20. Well, I don't think most Americans have a head that big. So that's our pull from yesterday. Line up today. What day is it? Thursday. We got mad dog 2 to 4. Well, you know, the afternoon line of thank God. I'm so glad they finally listened to me. The power hour with Hank and the mad dog between four and five together again, which is maybe the most expensive hour in history. Hank Goldberg solo, two hours today. Oh, it's a Marlins lost again. Last night, dang it. What was it? 11 innings? Yeah. Most had seven to four. Yeah. I think I was four four and then I think the mess must have scored three in the top of the 11 because that's They did, yeah. I know. Hurricane Hotline, a game works in the Shafted Sunset place at seven and nine and then the beast also in the same joint from nine to ten with more of that. The first game crack, hurricane droppings and then 80K 10 tonight. And I'm feasting so best talent for the beast is real Roger. There's also a four-shritty of 560, you A-M. No, real Roger. But Trisha McGill Academy is a real guy co-customer, not a paid celebrity. So to help tell her story, we hired an actual celebrity. Mr. Mel Gibson. I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family when I accidentally hit a cow. I ordered a real stain cow. Hey, a real stain sounds Jewish. I called Guy Co. expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me. You know, something Jewish cows cause most of the accidents in the world. Guy Co got my claim in the works right away and I was actually able to enjoy dinner. And the main course was ham. Blowster ham baby. You know, my father always told me not to trust anyone. It doesn't need ham. Guy Co. Real service, real savings, really sane celebrities. 10, 19 and 560, WDQ. I mean, see, that's the sad part. Is that everybody talks crap, you know, in public. Behind the scenes, most people are big of this hell. You know, they hate flags and Jews and whatever. Go ahead. But in public, it's like, oh, well, we have to be very politically correct. And, no, everybody loves each other. Well, if everybody loves each other, it will be a wonderful place. Wouldn't it, what a wonderful world it would be. Says Art Car Funkle and Sam Cook. Wasn't an Art Car Funkle who, uh, looks like that's not, I mean, brought that back. I think he would be pleased it. Huh? I'll find out. I mean, the old man, no, it was Art Car Funkle. Trust me. Whatever have an Art Car Funkle. Oh, it kind of vanished. Paul Simon went on solo and made a big big ass career, which maybe that means Paul Simon has had a lot more town than Art Car Funkle. Paul was one of the, uh, wrote all the tunes, right? So he was able to keep going. Art Car Funkle. Are you a Frankie, Albert? Man, everybody, pisses me off. You're all bitching about my bad taste and music. That's just, well, I'm consumable. What? Well, what? It's a great album. Okay. When I get that, which are you're sending it to me. I don't want to go out and buy it again. I don't know. Maybe today or tomorrow, or no, no, no. Well, good. And I'm going to actually play some at tomorrow that written on the subway Walters like a little, I don't know why they do that. Why? I guess these recording stairs they drop it on each other's recording sessions. You know, or maybe they happen to be like, they're both for Columbia. Am I right? I guess once upon a time, no, I don't think the answer I'm calling me anymore. Well, whatever the hell it is. And so he does like a little, maybe like 10 words on that written on the subway He does like twinkle twinkle little star. What is that? What a wonderful world. I don't want to hear Louis Armstrong. Oh, come on. Take the hanky and wipe that off. And the song too. This is going to get some people really whipped up into a frenzy. Now, who do we believe? Think progress.org reports that aeromarica radio will announce a major, major restructuring tomorrow, which is expected to include a bank of C filing. Oh, my God. Three independent sources of told thing progress. Although they say, oh, no, no, no. Every time this comes out, they say, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Of course, it hasn't happened yet. What did I tell you about, Air America? They got two chances, none and much less than none in spite of her brilliance. Air America could remain on the air out of the deal, but significant personnel changes are already in the worst sources. Say five, air American employees were laid off yesterday, and we're told there would be no 7 without capital infusion or bankruptcy. The retool there would be no 7 without capital infusion or bankruptcy. Also, air America's ended its relationship with host Jerry Springer. That worked out really well. Again, in case, see, this is another one of these people. It's like any Murphy, you know. He was very funny, but he couldn't sing for crap, you know. Right. Mono, that's true. All these people who want to be everything to everybody, like Regis, although he seems to get away with it. I don't know why. I don't either. Deal with. Devil. Well, basically, because everything he does is pretty much the same. He just kind of like a bland host on some stupid eye show, whether it's America's Got Talent or Regis in the Kelly, whatever it is, you know. I mean, I like Regis, other than these big noted, although I love note of name, man. See, that's the kind of fact that I am, you know. All my life, because I went to Michigan State, I hated Michigan like poison. That's the number one rivalry, man. Michigan, Michigan State. Then when I saw Tom Brady playing for Michigan, I became a big Michigan fan. All my life, I've hated note of name. Just a whole touchdown Jesus. And that whole, oh, man, they added to that letter to the department there. If you lose one game, they're going to like crucify you. And then here came Brady Quinn, and all of a sudden I'm rooting for note of name. Does that make me a real screamer? FIRE ME! Okay, just checking. So anyway, Jerry Springer is going by by in here America. No loss. I've said he made almost as much of an impact on radio in this market as Bill O'Ridehands with his point. Oh, that's a station that Moe is going to be on. He's got to go, go, go, go, go. He's 50 FTL Junior. It says the right wing is sure to see that in here America's financial loaves is a sign that, and see, here's part of the problem right here. Progressive talk radio is unpopular. Progressive. Not liberal. See, this is another example of how the Democrats have such a bunch of whims. Let's look at it. There's the right and the left, politically, right? Okay. There's conservative and liberal. Not progressive. Nobody says, oh, I'm afraid of progressive. But they made liberal such a dirty word that they won't use that anymore. It's a stop-used letter. Yeah. So the Democrats again get suckered into the BS. It says, in fact, there America succeeded in creating something that didn't exist. The progressive talk radio format. What? That format is now established in strong and will continue with it without America. And indeed, many of the countries most successful and widely syndicated progressive talk goes, Ed Schultz and Stephanie Miller, for example, aren't even associated with their America. Ed Schultz. Didn't you tell me he's really weak? Yes. He was. He sounded like the sheek. Oh, no. The sheek of earlier, just the sheek of Rmau, IOD. Not that she. That will go. Oh, no. The sheek. He was near without the drops. And then when that's what Steve Nicholson said. I knew him to bear that. He's that little like a pro-zac rhyme when he can write down it with. They mentioned it. Yeah. Radio giant clear channel is so committed to progressive talk radio that this week it will announce a partnership with the Center for American Progress and MSS Inc. To connect the nationwide search for the next progressive talk radio star. Oh, boy. Now, our America responded to this thing from King Progress.org. They said, if error America had filed for bankruptcy, every time someone rumored it would be doing so, we would have ceased to exist a long time ago. It may be frustrating to some of this hasn't happened. This hasn't been taken to make any filing of any kind. We're not sure whether the source of these rumors in frankly cannot respond to every rumor in the marketplace. That was their response. Well, we'll find out tomorrow because this is they're going to announce a major. We start to in the course that they did let a bunch of five employees off yesterday. That certainly doesn't vote well for their future doesn't. You know, error America. And we'll see what they put online for. How about another sports? How about another go out with Fox 940? Whatever that was a great idea. Yeah. We've got only helpless thing across the street. He can go back to 940 and Joe Rose can go over there and what's the name? Zach Cranst. Would that fan asked in his pants and all the other former our QA numbers? Because that plays across the street. I'm here a lot of things about them. Fact Joshua just told me this morning, not more rumors. Here's our poll for today, by the way. Ha ha ha. Don't say this, don't say that and don't play hard sounds and don't do this. Yeah. Don't help us out with a show by the way, Joe don't, you know, get on top of those things that we need for the show, but don't, you know, 800 or four hosts on the pool. That is just the same, but you're right. I don't care. But this gets it checked there a couple of days already. I don't care. I can see her and play weed across the table. All the time. Oh, no, I want her. Actually, she's who is that? She was pretty good whoever that was. I'm CNN. Somebody whom. Here's the joy of this moment and the turns to the other. What are the things that were poured out there? Oh, yeah. It's a question. Do we know anything about that story? Yeah, that story is getting freaky. You're not that we really should care about that because number one, we don't care about Anne Nicole Smith unless you want an idiot. And even with all the way to you, she still account and real slun. Other than that, I mean, this sad, it's a horrible story. The kid was 20 years old and quite frankly, I'll be, look all that bad. Once upon a time before I got real schmussy, right? She'd like her to say to yesterday, is somebody looks good. We care about them. If they're ugly, and who cares? No loss, you know, but it is a mystery. I mean, like when, like when soupy sales dies, anybody could care about that except for Doke and Eck, of course not. I would also start with who would soupy sales for Hibbo. If you knew soupy, like I knew, 800, 7 votes, something or someone I don't want to hear about, no mole. Paris, Milton, she's got it. Look, two days in a row, 225, nobody's going to touch her eyes. The war on terror, 100. The war on terror. See, they make up these stupid expressions and buzzwords in the media like her, like Operation Iraqi Freed, emanate. The war on terror. Time crews 93. Let's have a war on time. Baby, Surrey 86, right under time. George W. Bush 82. Why do you even hear a lot more? Unfortunately. John Mark, car 70, and you're a sweet don't hear anymore about him. Thank God. 9, 11, 56. I don't want to say they over did the anniversary just a little bit, but actually it wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. I thought it was going to be like, Walder Wall. It was just kind of like Walder the middle of the room. Very bonds 28. A lot of drugs, man. Air every home running hits is another in FOMnia. Another insult to the human race. I hate this full 22, 2.7% that's more like it, but they'll boost that up to piss us off. Israel 19, only in 19. We've got a lot of farbizs out there. All the Zionists all the time. I'm not sure if they're not here anymore about Israel because well, you know why? Because I don't, I don't read the right stories. Mohour David at only 17. They want to hear a lot more about Mohour. George W. Bush. George W. Bush. I believe me. Brad Pitt 5. He got my vote. I'm just tired of him. I'm tired of everything about him. He's a mediocre actor. He used to look at a long time 20 years ago. He's got 80 tons of pancake makeup on to cover up his bits. His horrible, he makes James Woods look good. That's how bad his complexion is. That's a shot. Now I'm just telling you, what's the big sentence with him? All we hear about his Brad this. In fact, you know where Brad is right now? I give up. Guess where he is. What's city? Toronto. Film festival. That's right. I could probably go out in the street right now for a bread. Oh, God, are you gross? And he's probably seen the same to me. Eddie Rack only for. They went here a lot more about Iraq and the great job that the US is doing there. Oh, don't bother that. I got a spot to do there. That was bad. Wouldn't that bad? Yeah. I caught it pretty quick. Are the first ones. What? What? What? I didn't like that idea. We did it at the top of the R&D. That no idea. Right. If I'm isn't that the thing that's the weather 80's on, that's a Filipino chick with a big round head. 29 past 10 a QA. If it's time for the a mattress to be replaced, do what I've been doing for about 100 years. Do something smart for once in your life. Instead of wasting time and money and gash, something all over town. Here's the deals. This sit there on your big fat ugly ass and make one easy call to mattress. That's all it takes. You'll get yourself factory drag prices lower than the chain stores even during their so-called big sales plus. Donald mattress is got 12 month financing too. Call 1-800 mattress. You'll get the lowest prices on the best brands in the world including, of course, silly, sirter, King Quirl Simmons, temper-peat of Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Donald mattress continues to be ranked number one of the world of Christom of San Section because their prices are unbeatable. The selection is the best in the world and they offer you a 99.7% on-time delivery rate with the deal that's on her dog. If you're a victim of the day-to-day and time or two-hour window is convenient for you and that's when they show up. Any day, seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. even the same day that you call. So if you're calling right now, you can be sleeping like a baby in real comfort as soon as tonight. Caller might now. You'll be glad you did it. Dallemathras, toll-free. It's 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. Leave off the last S-B-Couset stands for Stu Pandissering. The feast name. So this is our solid system. We'll rock your sports radio 560. You ain't in. Our beloved boy is here. Again, this is the abologite. The great boy boys come and run, run, run, run, run. Run nagai, run nagai. Nine boys, whenELLE prac центants said yes there is a kei thay we don't wed맨 You can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power you can put on your power, you can placing your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, you can put on your power, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no And as what Moe once told me, too many doys in the world are as I glues, one of the other. 1035ers and Richard Zoner, look at that, she was great. What was the gift? Well, I think part of the guidance was her father. She talked about being a young girl. Oh, that's okay. That's what we're going to hear her, but of course, they're bump-up-up. I like that. When you're rather here, right now, her speech is in here these evvius. Oh, okay, maybe. Anyway, the annual call story, even though we're not really supposed to care about that very much, but that's trying to be a little bit bizarre. I don't, I don't know, that's why we care. Because it's a story. Because it's a mystery. You know. That's why we care. That's why we care. Because it's a mystery. Yeah. That's why we care. That's why we care. Because it's a story. Nobody's termed a death suspicious, and said criminal charges could be filed. Daniel Smith died suddenly while visiting his mother in a hospital, reality TV star and former playboy playmate slut in her hospital room three days after she gave birth to a baby girl. The devastation grief over Daniel said in death couple of the sedations been so extreme that and in the cool experience, memory loss of the event attorney Michael Scansett. By the way, I'm really worried about our poll guy Sean. You know, it's even we've prodded him a couple of times, and we never got no pull. I've maybe died. Maybe he died. Maybe he loved. Maybe he got smart and got out of town. Or maybe he got blown away in a hurricane. The chief inspector of Bahamas Corners office on Wednesday called the death of the 20 year old Smith's suspicious and a formal inquiry that could lead to criminal charges was scheduled for next month. Police also revealed that a third person was in the hospital room at the time of the death. But Scott said that the third person was another one of Anna Nicole's attorneys, Howard K. Stern. All Howard Stern was in the room. No wonder he heard of their suspicious stuff going on. He said Anna Nicole Smith and Stern continued efforts to revive Smith even after he'd been proclaimed dead by the staff at Dr. Sospra and Nasa. Anna Nicole was so distraught for Los Adangles. She refused to leave his side. It was necessary to sedate her in order to check her out of the hospital's car read from her prepared statement. He said she suffered memory loss and there was necessary for Howard to tell Anna again that Daniel had died. Authorities said they believe they know what killed Smith, but we're waiting for a toxic ecology report to confirm the findings. That's tomorrow. But there's a lot of heavy duty stuff coming up tomorrow. Showed up. Right? And including that thing about the, um, got it. Things he wanted to court of rare. We'll get to that in a minute. Oh, no. He said she suffered from memory loss. It was necessary. I just read that. Authorities said they believe they know what killed Smith. And in the course, Smith went to the Western Pim Court to sue to sue for that inheritance was in seclusion into Bahamas with family for bad things happened to Bahamas man. Look at that Natalie Holloway. She floated away. Maybe this isn't the vermuted triangle. The identity of the newborn girls fathered by the way hasn't been publicly disclosed. Maybe she just doesn't know who it is. Do you expect any parent who's sustained this kind of loss to seek seclusion? Scott said a jury in question, which will be offered to the public as scheduled to start October 23rd and end the call be required to attend. Whenever there's a suspicious death, we would have an inquest to determine how the person died, Bradley Neely, chief inspector of the corners office told the A&P. Your autopsy and toxicology reports. Oh, I see. We'll not be made until the inquest is held because they don't want to prejudice the jury. So in other words, we're thinking tomorrow. And there are, yes, again, so they can milk this another month. Your ass will meet in a courtroom inside a weathered pink pastel's initial building and they see some capital of Nassau. A real toilet, see side capital of my ass. What a toilet that is. You ever been in the Bahamas, Mom? No, I haven't. I haven't. Oh, you didn't. That's one place you do not want to go. I could see it from here. It's all right. Oh, I had a good time because I've gone with Hank four times and everything was free. Everything was free and all you did was spend your time in a casino plunging your guts out or he did anyway. And drinking. Any? Right. He's drinking and he's drinking for a night. Dining and dancing. Right. Dining and dancing with what's his name, Joey Carr, Dining and Dancing is he dead yet or what for? All the good people like Andrew to die and Joey Carr is probably still alive. Dining and dancing, we're going to clown here. No, his brother's name is Steve Cohen and his name is Joe Carr. Joey Carr can't stand his show business people with fake names. Really? Virgil said there was no sign of physical injury to Smith who was seen helping make his 38-year-old mother comfortably for he died. See, and then this makes it even worse. He was making her comfortable. Oh, maybe he didn't have a bad heart. Maybe he had some kind of a congenital heart defect. Who knows? Scott dismissed, maybe reports that her son anti-depressants, whether drugs in the system, it's spirit, spirits, speculation, irresponsible may I point out he told reporters. No drug paraphernalia or trace of illegal drugs were found on him in the hospital room or near the room. illegal drugs. Huh? illegal drugs. How about legal drugs? I'm going to see there you go again. There you go. You're just tick on this kid because he's her son. And of course, if you were her son, you'd probably be doing a lot of drugs too. Even more than you're doing that. Well, dad was son of an animal and Bill Smith. Oh, I think he used to work at KAT Bill Smith and also I would say with Sandy Payton, lovely lady. Who married now a different Bill Smith married 85 to worse two years later. The son had small roles in a movie skyscraper and to the limit. He also appeared on the EMEODI series, the end of the culture, which you said you watched and was really bad. Was it as bad as growing up gone through? I only saw two episodes of it. Was it as bad as throwing up gotty? Nothing was worse. It would be worse throwing up gotty. Nothing. I mean, you talk about a Guito show man. I think the attendee information that you got a protest that was ever on here. And that also was an A and E thing. A and E is just totally thrown in the towel because they know that there are seven intellectual people in America, or even suit them in legules. And everybody else is a dumb sloth. So that's why we got dog to bounty 185 times. And we got that goofball. I can't, I just can't remember his name. I've got a brain fart on it. It does all the magic, the, uh, what was he saying? Chris, Angel, the, what are they calling? The Nuchia. So, but just for that or no. No, no, he, they've got a name. The, the mine freak, the, yeah, the, my, my, no, seriously. They got a kind of a, you don't know what it is. My brain fart is actually all the time. I can say that. Oh, yeah. It's my, that's really what it is. Well, I said that already. The man, I know. Well, what kind of a thing is that for A and E? Free mine freak. All he got is a bunch of idiotic shows on there. And you know, you're for a bunch of dumb punks, dumb punks, a Werner pants down with their ankles. 848 votes, you know, something we're doing so good now. We don't even have to discuss the, I would have thousands like fall enough a lot when you say her. No, seriously, with that, that's how popular I would like to have like five thousand votes on every day, which would mean it. I still think it would be a good idea for you to spend a money and the USA today to promote our website, just new rangers.com, you know, I'm, I'm not how you go about it or what we would say. But yeah, and then, and so we get hits and then of course more people will be listening online. Then we could be almost a little bit dangerous. What is he so thin down? It's the basis wheel rotors for trivial five 60s. May your decision for Christ. I've been to Iraq nine times in the last three years. I've seen bombs and blood. I've seen death and democracy. I've seen a lot. But what if I heard that's easy? Lied a Ricky. Will my friends that Thomas come? Raise the roof, blow up someone. You don't need to shoot any gun. Get up there and plant bombs. Have the mines out there in the street. They pass you out with their clothes, they're sleeping. We go on to to party, boy we think, and have those specials. Listen to those lying little tune. Oh my god, all mine. I'm blue and I'm home. All mine, all mine, all mine. All mine, all mine. I'm blue and I'm home. All mine, all mine. I'm blue and I'm home. I'm going to land on the wall of A. I'm going to land on the wall of A. I'm going to land on the wall of A. I'm going to land on the wall of A. I'm going to land on the wall of A. The one thing that we've seen in Shia is a complete and utter devotion to Lionel Witchy. They are a united region for Lionel. I wonder if he's given a great track driver a track, reverberating. Or Fat Richie. I like the Kamadoras a lot. I thought Lionel Witchy was in the Kamadoras. Maybe I don't like him quite so much. He gives me, oh, I don't like him. Bill, that's it. Speaking of that, I'm going to come to Turl Mountain. He's Jim Davis named former State Senator Gerald Jones. This is running late today. And of course, everybody saw a whip-tep about candidates running mates. Right. For Lieutenant Governor. But this is a choice that could lead to the first black lieutenant Governor in Florida history. I don't like that. Davis made the official announcement at the Howard County Library joined by the House State Democratic Leader Chris Smith before. And in coming House Democratic Leader Dan Gilbert of Miami Beach, both considered as possible Davis running mates. The first black lieutenant Governor in Florida history. Flag in home, you got to make your progress very slowly. One teeny step at a time. And that's the way it works. Yes, I've got to know your place. Just like that school bus driver, remember that put the black students on the back of the bus? Company on the back door. Company on the back door. Pretty sad. But that's America for you, baby. 865 votes on the pool. I'm out ready to maybe like once an hour. Because there's no race here. I mean, per whistle, and she's off to the races again. Just can't stand that slun. 567.05. 60. Let's get some heavy duty call action here today. I'm sure a lot of our people have theories about how and then cool some died sitting in a chair in a hospital room. I like that. What were we talking about this morning? What was that? She shared some of her legal. And then she now George is saying that she gave them she drugged them up. The theory she gave them something or he took it. You know, like right there off the night. She said, mom the drug sure. Yeah. Who hasn't done that? Well, what do you mean who hasn't done that? Who hasn't taken some of mom's drugs? Yeah. Now you're thinking about imaginary heroes again. Okay. Where everybody in a whole household is gone about 80% of the day in the bathroom, rightfully through the medicine cabinet. All they got were methane. It had some pretty creative hiding places. Remember, and it was in the, it was in the room. We were all on the other one thing. And she pulled off the bottom of the thing. That's great. The bottom of the cube. And there was a little bag, little bag and goodies in there. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Uh-huh. By the way, who was it that you were talking about this morning? What's your name? Allison. Had another conversation with John. What's this morning? Well, it's WQAM. How I started. Neil. Yes, sir. I think you're right about them guys in the morning. I really hear a few of the great talk about her rent. Oh, my voice isn't great. I'm going to be so glad to hear that again. Okay. I like I said, I was going to take a lot of calls today, but if it's going to be the same six or seven jackasses, I don't, I just don't have time to waste with that. You know, just not, not in my plans for the future. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know. Okay. Have you seen the gentleman channel? I wrote a sign about what would have been down about $15 from itself on high. Yeah, what does shame? And of course, what is surprised to that, you know, as we get close to the election, all of a sudden, oh, gas prices are going to be so much lower and it's going to be so good for the Republicans, isn't that it's just a coincidence, I'm sure. I sure is they're saying a bunch of hedge funds are gone under because they're along the market of oil. Well, screw them. Yep. Well, that's about it. Neil. And I got them for a gender-to-speak. So we hear them at that. Okay. Now, I certainly, but we can use a governor though. Jesus Christ or whatever is naming. Isn't that his running for the Republicans? Jesus Christ? Jesus Christ. Jesus is on their side. They know that. Kods on their side, Jesus. How many QAM who? QAM? Hey. Here at the deal with an in the call in her son. copy. There the reason they're not letting you know who it was because it's in folks awesome evolution. In the son. and the subscription medication and OD. That's the deal. There you go. Who the hell needs Charlotte Coles and Coles? Well, we got that guy. Wow. What the hell was that? I think it was coming to drugs. I think there was a drug right there. He got into her drugs. Man, most of the audience would love to have to supply to these colors. Who will leave you me? I will just a little taste. WKOM Hello. 2 am. The first solution, audit. WKOM Hello. Yes, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Wanted to touch on the death issue and the hospital. According to the reports from the nurse's station. He was a Strangolandoil, foil, but I just... I'm sorry. At least I was cute. Oh, Koyata. No. No, Koyata. No. No, the chicken is strangled too hard, Ed. No payoff of Jackpot dispute. We thought today was going to be day for that but I guess they're psyched tomorrow. A casino player will learn tomorrow if it's Swipe and Win if the Seminal Hard Rock is confirmed as a Swipe and Luz or if they come up cough up some money. Freddie Howard and this is from the Harold by the way. It's a major story. Freddie Howard had a high hopes that his Tuesday meeting with officials of the Seminal Hard Rock or Tom Casino would result in a big jackpot. It didn't. Instead, CEO Jim Allen told Howard and his attorney that the casino and Howard and independent outside agency to examine Howard's claim that he won the early 260 grand and a Swipe and Win progressive Jackpot computer system August 29th. They were handed up to offer me nothing. Howard said after the 40 minute meeting with Allen. We cannot pay jackpot until unless we have proper verification said Allen would move the casino employees did not follow standard procedure to verify by the computer system that Howard won a prize. When you win, when you lose, you lose, Allen said an afternoon press conference. If the independent computer analysis decides that he didn't need win, Allen said he would sign the check for 259,000 years, and the only thing he would sign was the $259,945. The analysis is expected to be completed tomorrow, and that's when Howard will learn whether he's a winner or a loser. Neither side disputes the following series of events that took place. Do we have to go through that whole routine again? Well, I think we should. After a Swipe and his players club card on the Swipe and Win chaos, Howard saw words on the screen indicating he was a winner. He approached casino employees who congratulated him, had him sign promotional forms and photographed him holding a giant cardboard check with the amount of 259 you would have was. But 15 hours later, casino officials told Howard was all in mistake that was a computer glitch. At the spoon, what really was displayed on the computer screen after Howard swept his card in the chaos, Howard said he and casino staff saw these words. Congratulations, you just won forgressive winner. But casino officials say there was an all-important digitity in the message that everyone missed. Congratulations, you just won forgressive winner, $0. Well, what does that mean? That gave Howard his attorney a copy of what they said was clashed on the screen. They gave him a copy. Howard's attorney Keith Herbert scoffed the idea the screen placed his zero at the end of the message of big, oh, what machine congratulate you for being a loser Herbert asked for winning nothing. Alan had no explanation by the Swipe and Win Kias with his play winning message with his zero according to spokesman Gary Bittner and no one offered the explanation of where casino employees got the 259-7575 figure. The top prize given on the Swipe and Win Kias was for that amount. The seminal travel gaming commission has hired gaming laboratories internationally respected from that specializes in examining computer systems associated with gaming to examine the computer system. Alan could also not explain why casino employees didn't follow standard procedure in verifying a win as they've done numerous times since the casino opened in 2004. Verification includes checking the logically promotional computers forgressive system and then getting approval from top to see a casino executives. Because casino employees became caught up in the assembly of NL explained how it's an all-in-made no promises other than vague suggestions that if he came back to gamble they'd make him feel right at home. What does that mean? All there was you find angry and disheckled? How are you said if his meeting was out? Herbert said that if his client is not told he's not getting any money that he may resort to his original idea. Pick it the casino with a copy of the large check for 259 grand plus that he was given with a world scroll give me a real check. You can't sue the seminals for getting your hopes up ring-eamed down to Tampa, Tony Jack Gordon who has sued the seminal's numerous times throughout the year. And of course so I'm well, like we said, the courts, well whatever. So if he's soon several times how do you do that? If the US courts have no jurisdiction. Huh? I don't know, engine court. You really are a magnobus in the state. You're a judge. You are. Anyway, we'll, I guess tomorrow we'll be debaib. We'll find out what they're going to call up some cash for this guy right now. It's certainly from a public relations standpoint. We'll be real good idea. At least you're a couple of dinners or, you know, couple of coupons for the little red caboos or something like that. Pack the smokes. That way we could. Without worms in him. 896 votes on the poll not bad. The biggest thing. So best talent citizens will be your rotors for 20.560. You a M. This is the Neil Roger show. Watch it all, I'd bring. Watch it all, I'd bring. Watch it all, I'd bring. Any questions? Welcome aboard and welcome on London. I don't find free, keep your hands in sight of car and your head in sight of broadcasts. And your dinners. 944 votes on the poll on the soil 1102 man. What's not to like right? Got that. Guys and we'll have that by 1102 man. I'd say, I know, by noon. A Princeton University computer science professor added new fuel yesterday to claims that electronic voting machines use across much of the country are vulnerable to hacking. It could alter voters or disable machines. They're bad machines. And there's nothing worse than getting a bad machine. Take it from somebody who knows. All I asked it had a good machine. Finally. In a paper posted on the University's website Edward Seltman to graduate students described how they attempted a divulged ACU vote T.S. machine they obtained. Found ways to quickly have loaded malicious programs and even they'll take computer virus. able to spread such programs between machines. The marketing director for the machines maker and the valuable links enabled election systems of all and Texas blasted the report saying felt ignored new or software and security measures that prevents attacking. Are you cracking those knuckles again? My god. Right. Take knuckles. They are. I'm concerned by the fact that we were a world man and we were all the things. Take knuckles. I don't know about the pigs ears that I told you I said I eat Madrid. Yeah, I don't know. Fry Diason. Yes. I give it a shot. Yeah. A lot of those Europeans men are into that deep fried craft. They're in the same place. Oh, and when you look in the oil that their fried those french fries in over and they reframe, you know, like an Amsterdam and in France they reframe and Belgium. I'm concerned by the fact that we weren't contacted and these people are our current technology stands mark. Right. He also questioned my felt and had submitted his paper for peer review as his commonly done before publishing scientific research. Felt and said he is colleagues. Felt and said he is called an essay in a public and papers quickly as possible because of the possible implications for the November midterm elections. About 80% of American voters expected to use some form of electronic voting in the upcoming election and wish to make up a few as possible. The Saturday as well as 33 Senate seats and 36 Governor's ships including gay Governor in Florida. The acu vote T s is commonly used across the country along with the newer model the acu vote T s s s s while Felt and wasn't able to test a new machine. He said he thought much of what he found with still apply. The machine felt and tested obtained in May from an underscore source was the same type used across Maryland in its primary election Tuesday, according to Russ Goldstein, a deputy administrator with the state support of elections. Goldstein said he couldn't come in on the report until he read it, but he did say that's a different Goldstein. Diabled another machine manufacturers including California basic way of voting systems ink and the brass based election systems in South or ink of in the subject of lavish of subject of laws and things of machines are available to hacking and breakdowns that can assign votes to the wrong candidate as you can see the right margin is chopped off again. I know why does he use a fire fire? What up? Yeah, you're right. You're right. I explore and another splurers evil at the anti-fredevil. Election officials and some states have also complained. Previous studies have claimed hacking vulnerabilities with the machines but Felt and claims that this studies the first time and independent research group has obtained an actual machine and tested extensively. Felt and graduate students aerial Feldman and Alice Halderman found that malicious programs could be placed on the Diabled by an accessing the memory card slot and power button both behind a locked door on the side of the machine mine. One member of the group was able to pick a lock in 10 seconds and software can be installed unless then a minute. The research has said that the design software capable of modifying all records, audit logs and counters kept by the voting machine ensuring that a careful forensic examination would find nothing wrong. The program is able to modify votos across machines to break down. Modify votos, something that could alter the course of election of machines were located in crucial polling sections. Stations that was also possible to compute our virus, spread malicious programs to multiple machines by piggybacking on a new software download or download or an election information file being transferred from machine to machine. I think there are many people on here who have the technical ability to carry out sort of a tax-we-discrably. Felt and said hacking vendors could be mitigated with better software, more restrictions on access to machines and memory cards, and paper receipts verified by the voter. Paper receipts God forbid, let's burn them. Radkey said Diabled is already implemented many of these things. All of these are not all these, just many of these things. And of course even the same way that they were implemented in 2004 or in 2000 and God forbid, you know? I'm sure the answer would have been now. Here's a facts from Tom who says Colette Perinoid that have you noticed of Gassen's dropping office? What did I just tell you? Here's a good buffer stick of the time. So it's a Jesus saved me from your followers. Amen. We have that on our locker over here. Yeah, Tom, it's just a coincidence that Gassen's dropping like a rock. That's just before the elections now. Oh, we're going to smash potatoes, gravy, cranberry sauce. Woo! This is a little Richard. And then it says did you happen to watch Keith Oberman last night as to Bush eating a celebrity translate? No, I did not see that from May have to go online and check out that on cute. Which he will read. You won't watch him. You just got heart asked. I watch Keith over the right. We see Colette on 8 to 9 every night. It's a hoot. And he's also got some funny crap in there. And then of course his worst person in the world thing are level which is usually bill or rally. But not always. So anyway, that not job in Montreal. Yeah. Guess what his favorite internet game was? The seven is out of the column by. Huh. When did you see the way he was dressed? No, I didn't. Oh, a man with a nice haircut, by the way. A man with a black trench coat who's shooting rampage in Montreal at a Montreal college killed one person in the world in the 19 others before he was slain by police at an obligant his name that he liked to play a role playing internet game about the column by insuiting. The gunman who opened a fire at Dossham College yesterday and was Kim Virgil 25 of La Val, New Montreal. Six victims of main in critical condition two in extremely critical and vision condition. The official said police to search skills home in posting center website called Vampire Freaks dot com. Blogs in deals name show more than 50 photos depicting the our main and various poses holding a rifle and black trench coat and Tom Badbouz. Remember the trench coat mafia? Right. All that crap? Yes. One photo. See crazy people is bad enough for crazy people with guns. Not a good idea. One photo has a tombstone with his name printed on it, below with the phrase, live fast died young, left a mangled corpse. Uh-huh. The last six year length were yesterday was posted at 1041 a.m. about two hours before he was shot to death at Dossham. He said on the site that he was drinking whiskey in the morning and described his mood the night before as crazy and postal. I'll just see the people are working in the post office. They can very upset about that. Yeah, too bad going postal. Why are you picking on a post p. Postal people now? Why not? Good. He said on the site that I wonder what ever happened to Ted Grossman. Who? Postman? No Ted Grossman was in the postman as brother. I can keep him straight. I need to good day. He said on the site that he liked to play super collab by a master and internet based computer game that simulates the April 20, 1999 shootings at the Colorado High School by two of the students of the 13 people did. His name is Trinch. You will come to the page of the video. He wrote on his van par free stock com profile. He's not a people person. He wrote that he hates Jax. Trepees. Country music and hip hop. I think I could really. I don't hate all Jax. I don't hate all Jax. I don't know if they look good. Although I don't sit around sniffing in my parents does. Work sucks. School sucks. Life sucks. What else can I say? Life is a video game. You've got to die sometime. He said, well, they're all a picture of you're aiming the barrel of a gun at the camera. The inscription. I think I have an obsession with guns and then it said after that. Yeah. Yeah. How else you had financed it? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's not the one. Yeah. Okay. Anger and hatred simmers within me said another caption below a picture of him grimmishing. He wrote that he was six one, boarded Montreal's of Indian heritage. He said his weakness is laziness and that he feared nothing. He's finally the question of how do you want to die? He replied like Romeo and Juliet or in a hallowed gunfire. Romeo and Juliet by and I who did that song? Just like Romeo and Juliet. Who did that? By the way, the Marquis that last night I can't stop humming that and I'm not that big on instrumental. Usually. That's some of them were good. That was a great one. Last last door in last night by the Marquis and if you're not old fart like me or chicken, I can't because he he's got in a time warp. Is that Romeo and Juliet? That's a version of it. No, come on. That's not Romeo and Juliet. Oh, that's it. There is Pumped up from tall to render your life and let's have a smoke out. That reallyrates. George Black trench coat.�. There's that marijuana medicine. It can heroine God of me never trusted guy named Marilyn or Allison or Annabelle 12 of us passed 11 and a bell. I what is his real name or what? I'm I should make you sick as any of the day van boring all pissed off again And you never know they might want to bring you back No, I'll pick up why not probably because you're under show and they're pissed off about the fact that I talk about how they've Outband boring Davis that is nothing to do with them, but yeah, well, what does it? What do you mean by that? That's to do with me. I have new responsibilities. What are those the QAM website? Oh That thing. She's I wouldn't I wouldn't say that I love again. Hey, it's great Is it well, certainly got to be better than it was before now? We're gonna get a cross dress on that thing ever again or now. I'm hoping I have any naked blisters I'm absolutely fine. Yeah, that's that to me that business sums up our relationship with this radio station better than anything else at all Well, I think it's gonna go back to normal the fact that they wouldn't cross promote our website on a QAM Because of the fact that we had like naked pictures on the back of we had to be decirting before we had to stop that because we didn't want to go to jail Now I'm credible no, it wasn't crossed for our website This is the kind of promotion. It's not bad enough. They don't promote outside, but even on the website even a little internal and sister was so Promotion there can't do that and by the way, what's your name there? That you tell me is the new PD assistant whatever she is? Allison Allison. How come a job Allison? She just got the memo on there. I mean, something with what? I don't even know what you expect She fired off the appropriate email to George and he's firing off the appropriate door nothing bell Corso George is the account court. Oh, who manages the account? George was in the Happiness he had to be okay. I'm not taking anymore calls. All right. 11 13 at five 60 W if you have let me tell you right, let's see March 21 1906 Not 2006 1906 you know Seriously, you remember that yeah, I was that was my first week on the year 1906 We just have to turn the century wouldn't be something like be around for the turn of all these different senses Remember that Y2K craft. Oh, that was fun all the powers gonna go out and the water's gonna stop flowing and people are gonna not be able to take no showers No more those of us who do oh, that was bad Let me tell you about a great place to take your feet brand these shoes and pump it'll be for they carry all the top names in the shoe business They give you unbeatable prices and friendly personal service to make damn sure you get a perfect fit every time I guarantee a Brian Schwoetzlobsum Brandy's has got like floor shine echo muffisto rockport hush puppy who balance tons of other name brand Shoes and all sizes for man and women and they even create wide widths and hard to find sizes to Brandy's in fact is the largest independent true retailer in all South Florida and if you'd ever been in the store Shame on you because when you go in there for the first time and you seem to value in selection You get and the great personal services well believe you meet you'll never want a shot for shoes Anyplace else go see our good buddy Arnie how make sure you get to ride pretty shoes at the right price every single time You'll find Brandy's at 1290 the earth federal highway and pump it'll reach between Atlantic and Coppans on the East side Cannot miss it open every Monday through Saturday till nine and every Sunday till five and this week It's a store-wide sales event this week at Brandy's like always they say we extra money every week This week take 20% off the first pair 25% off the second pair and 30% After third pair including sale items too, so save a ton of cash by getting your answer to Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online on their website Brandy's shoes.com On Taking off we're going to keep the open and flavor flavor left off. It's VH1's newest reality show stranger love with George W Bush and John Kim Hey John You're very handsome tonight. Why thank you George and you look absolutely wins them well you win some and you lose some I love a man with a sense of humor. What do you say we've been the lights and play a little Love O'Grame I get late It's all the next episode of VH1's Stranger world. I think you need an album grab, but who knows when you deal with them? 119 and five 60 W to have mad dog at two the mad dog with a hump or between four and five and that power hour go take a shower And then we got to Hank solo two hours tonight for the hump or you thinking, man look Five or seven and then we got to that hurricane because there's no ball game We'd rather have a ball game any day and I'll see we know what the attendance was last night or not did we look? No, we did not well. That's what I'm gonna look right now. I mean not that it makes a big deal It did look like there were a little bit more people there. I will say that now over the given away like hundred dollars Everybody who showed up. Let's see sports I want to hear our websites and this one should go a little faster in the Sun sent a lot of explore Sun sent a Hates Explorer and vice versa and now the now and hates the hero too because it won't come up on the sports page Well, what is this all of a sudden huh? And I'm gonna tell you something between a hero to the Sun sent me you can't complain about the Quality of your websites because you don't have any the quality sucks I'm gonna teach a QM website now that Josh is on it is just clean and pristine Todd fire Fantastic and there will be a new site version. Oh, how come I can't get the all right Let me try to Sun sent line. Oh, this isn't gonna work Jesus God, do I like have to switch over to a fire fox for everything? Yes, no, I don't I don't want fire fox. I want my Alex demand if I didn't have my Lexi I wouldn't waste my time sending Josh all those 85 stories of it Which means so probably find a way to interfere with my look at my Explore let's see Matt Marla's magic carpet ride starts its descent. Oh, that's that's a pretty Sour headline isn't it yes, screw that guy. Oh, who the hell wrote that in the Sun sent a Mollon's magic carpet ride starts in descent so there's two out of three the first place met for our helmet team and about 80 games And everybody other only like the best team and baseball. Yeah, right. What how do you want start a slide typical South Florida negativity man even I've been that's jumping on a bandwagon, but try to whip it up a little bit and Embers people and maybe going to a gamer too How you're into you if I was there I'd be going to a gamer too not but nevertheless with those I mean, what do I got to do with it? Hopefully me for it. Okay. Let me see if I can get a mom I want to redo well fire fox you think that'll help get hurt Well, at least it's a little more Sun sent little friendly or the other way around let's see sports Florida Marlins There it is Fanger carpet ride the starts it to send now. Let's see if I can open up that sir the Sun sent a website It's just evil. It's easy and it won't open up the story Well, it won't open up. I'm better off to see one of the major league baseball thing I'll get the attendance right away right? No, instead of local papers I'm telling you man the Sun sent little sucks. It's a piece of garbage. It's crap I have I have no problem with any other website You're how many websites I go through every day to put all his 80-butter stories on there and gather all this great a great Z material for the show And who didn't know as Dillian whatever that is Well, what's the you have I've been to look for it? Probably just as well because then I would go on about well Or we leave anybody thousand people there 3000 more met fans and the other people were like vendors in the hot dog as sellers. What if you know we know the deal It's not gonna change and now and of course I think San Diego one last night. I think they had like a 10-thin or something Yeah, so they crushed whoever the hell they played who would they play by the way? Giants I don't know oh but anyway San Diego one so that means the Marlins are now what three games out of the wild card There's only like 16 games to go. I believe. Yeah, it's not looking good, but we're not out of it Yeah, but that headline I thought was uh, yeah How the hell do they know? Maybe they're gonna win the next 10-thin or oh? They don't know negative negative negative They play at Atlanta this weekend in the next series and they own the Braves basically right for for years now They wipe the floor with it. They might pop up with the braves. Don't they? No, I don't know where he came up with that, but let's hope. No, they did for a long time Can I out of here? What are you talking about? I'm talking about One of the four men they had maybe was last year. They had a spectacular record against the Braves and maybe one year, but I'm talking maybe the fillies you're thinking about they know I'm feeling about the braves not the fillies the braves They owned them baby. They had them on their limp wrist You know what you're talking about and you're in you worked with a team when this was going on just because you're sitting up there Getting stoned and dropping a press box with those guys and eating pizza that our people are bringing by Never happened to what's his name Troy? He's a good man. He you know is a good dude He's too much Bob again, and Troy's draft for just about put him out of business But nevertheless how's Troy's draft for doing? But we see him around on seeing him on a schedule anymore for on the air. He said he was going to pursue his on air is he gone? Is he gone? Yeah, he's gone. Oh, yes. Yeah. Well, why didn't he tell me that? He said it was going to be in sales anymore, but he was going to pursue his on air thing I thought that I thought that meant he was going to be back to like doing some weekends for us on the air Yeah, I thought that there doing some work for your occurrence. I guess that made somewhere else Oh no, he's a good guy Troy. I mean, it wasn't worth a crap in sales, but he was a good guy Right, yeah, that was an old smoothy sure if you realized him we let your rub his vault spot which is his whole head did it all the time It's who ended it she rubbed it Robert public and Senator Conrad burns clue first class his wife was stuck in coach a Salivating democratic informant told told roll call all the guys. She's a cow to boy Sure, I wasn't one of those where they have like three and three in three in a three-year-old haven coach three seats It's a crowd. Oh, yeah, I've been stuck in the middle. Oh my god stuck in the middle with you now who the hell did that stuck in the wheel? Who's the real? That's right. I just said that. Well, I think in it the reflections in just like Romeo Yeah, that's that's not good Rick Shaw's pretty peeled with me right now. He's probably not too happy. I don't know sorry Ricky Little typical cap to Rick to Shaw the informant sent the information with the company nasty at a trail note That's it. Guess women really are second classed him rule calls heard on a hill reports last October Tune Northwest Airlines flight attendant secuse burns of sexism after he told one of the women she could stay at home and be a mother if she lost her job The outsourcing rule call reports at burns the nine sexes and in both cases and so guess that the senator wasn't playing the big man Car taking the first class seat while making his little woman ride in the stuffy coachy little woman my ass She's bigger than Elsie the board and cow Yard Cole says that for once you had the roomiest coach see available the exit row Burn spokesman James Petalvin's whereas the senator shiver mr. Yawfer to take that seat and you've fill us the only first class See they can get what you wouldn't hear us out nonsense She declined she felt there was more room for him to work with his laptop at seven first class On Monday both he and Mrs. Burns had purchased coach tickets and at the time they upgraded But there was a room for both of them to go first class So we put the call in the back and he went in front because he's a big shot. I mean he's a senator, you know Right right put the put the slot in the back that's all she's a cow And he probably don't want to be seen with her anyway who would it's tough to hit on the store to says with your wife said right next to you Right Steve facts is and says if the government wants to monitor the internet Why don't they catch these crazy banschids claim these online death games if a guy shooting a gun isn't a terrorist and who is this Dude, well, I don't think the internet is what they need to worry about maybe it's the guns. Oh, we don't want to do that. No, don't say that. That's very bad. You can't say that America You come a pinko-fag at you. What do you got part of that right? I mean what what is that? With the obsession with gun and of course you'll notice that the benevolence of the human race All throughout history what does man continue working fever state of wind bend Bigger and better and more effective weapons to each other way. That's right. That's right. That's right Through history in fact you go to all these hysterical historical museums and you see all the hatchets and as you hold wonder busts and all all Air we generation had in red bunch of weapons, you know just like our new generation of nuclear weapons now Which I think we ought to drop on Nancy Grace don't you that's a little bit boy that bitch. I always thought she was killing me But haven't they more worse than me We're trying to do a force radio prime 60 Pretty short radio I've heard in my life with a WRP. Hey guys, is your life falling apart because you have a little Do the girls laugh at you And sports fans do the boys laugh at you too For your friendly giant pharmaceutical corporation So care deeply for your good health through extortion have good news Sexual enhancement drugs are now available over the counter our biggest customers at the FCC Now prohibit us from saying exactly what they are so let's just say it helps your love flow with better blood flow But we can no longer describe how you must call us first for us to explain What we can tell you is that we have warehouses full of this stuff and it's cheaper to make than anything important You know like cancer's age You care about that look We have tons of this grass like this one little model cost 10 is to make and we charge you 10 bucks a pill We all gotta go sometime pal. I just will get some boy and go like Use as direct as we are going sometimes The two men survey their target a voice as the V of your two are a matter tape There isn't edit in the tape now the suicide bomber is driving on the road is white car clearly visible The video is shot from existence while the bomber talks to the cameraman on a walking talking A lot of current This Americans in front of me and he's gonna blow himself up right on the menusels Chairman heavy breathing there it is man, big ball of fire. The US military says it has no record of such an attack. Well, I just probably made it up. Anyway, here's a letter to comedy central from a website called deercomedycentral.infogame.com. You know, I was just thinking to be far again of this. Because I'm looking at these suicide bomber guys, and you know, we're wanting to have in common. What they're really doing. They have different kind of head gear and different gallons that they were in different schmothes, but they all have a beard. Right? I'm thinking that if you see a guy with a beard, probably can't be a bad idea. They did a tableicon, right? They shoot him. They did beard. We're gonna say there's this guy, a guy that got on a scene right now. Didn't have a big beard, but he's got like a little schmothes. In fact, not a scene of the second-person. You're going to beard with it was growing in the beard too. Let's look for a trouble, Josh. Growing longer every day. Are you guys are sporting beard now? Yeah, right now. I'm in a little trouble here. Yeah, my Zan. I'm feeling lazy. Put your truck in. All the guides are in the building here. Well. Wouldn't be a bad idea. Went in, Dr. Clean, that place out. Anyway, it's just a thought. You know, if you see somebody with a long black beard, that's probably a... Of course, it could be less than an orthodox, someone in Barbista, you know. Well, that's a... Awesome. Dear Comedy Central Executives, the free-stored and cold bear movement is the... the screw, whatever that is. Do you know there was such a movement? No. There's a ball movement. The time is coming. It says, actually, the long time since came. But a lot of folks in the entertainment industry just never were for yet. Anyways, here we are in fighting you to a John Stuart and Stephen Colbert to be amongst the first to bring television. Well, and fully interviewee new millennium. The Starlight 99 stuff on iTunes has got to stop. Put both shows on the internet every day for free. It said, and it's got for free and big black letters. Black. No were series. It's their stop laughing. The internet wants to watch. Actually, the internet is already watching, as you probably already noticed, the funny or bits of daily show in the Colbert report rapidly make it to YouTube. You care for your... You're a video where they get hundreds of thousands of hits. Yes. We're watching you and we think you're funny. Also, we've checked your credit record, hacked into your bank accounts, emailing and children's school grade. So listen up. It might be worth explaining who we are. We're computer geeks. All like that, they need Montreal. No, not to lose it and fix your PC advice by. It says, where the pimply face news in the basement of the computer center that's been our evenings in college playing. Neethack? Never heard of it. Neeth answering. Neethack. What a jerk. Neethack. Wow, that's what it looks like. So, on Neethack in print before, okay? I caught it pretty quick. Neethack? No, a bedment to bed we go. Neethack. Learning lists and C++ and reading game theory books. Some of us have been around forever and some of us are new, but we're out there and we want to be customers. Neethack, Neethack. Have we been name on it? Now what news would it name for Neethack? We write the software that shares the illicit music and video around the globe. We write the web servers that keep the internet trucking. We hack the elixir kernel. We code, we write, we watch, we're the Uber geeks. And we think your shows are funny. So Robert, we agree for Muskie part of this group. Are you kidding? We're board-geek. Now we know what you're thinking. These guys are making bank, why can't they watch us on cable like the rest of the unwashed? Of course, a lot of us do have digital cable with 42 which I def LCDs and TBO bus is running hack versions of Linux kernel, but there are a bunch of us who don't have anything, but a Netflix subscription and a cute pack full of kung fu flicks and the occasional Matthew Browderer film for all time sake out. Sounds to me like a gay thing. Doesn't it? We're talking about Ferris Pulaske. They offer us a great movie. They don't have to be gay. Oh, our bunch and the occasional Matthew Browderer film was a one-y made with Marlon Brando. The freshman. That's it. That was really pretty bad. The only reason anyway of us watches his Marlon Brando was doing his doing the don't call the only voice again. It was pretty funny. Oh, sorry. The rest of the movie sucked. And what was that big lizard that kept sloughing around? This food was dinner. It's not because we don't want high death movies of a surround sound, we'll make your ears bleed and send your beta-wares, trollicking, and you actually need to act. We don't want it. Well, you try. We didn't summon his crap on a year once, Mr. I don't. It just looks funny and print. It does. Strange. It looks like Nefak, schmuck, Nefak, Misha. Oops. We don't want it. It says we can all afford it. We have good jobs. We probably make more than you guys do. But we don't subscribe to Cableder's satellite. We don't want it too because we're angry. Angry and bored. Angry bored and ruthlessly efficient. Angry bored, ruthlessly efficient. I would say fanatical, the voice of the internet. Oh boy. And it goes down about rucker, how are this? But it would be a good problem. And if the violence was so believable, real, and Hillary Clinton and SuperGore would find a commit, would found a commission to investigate it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It goes on and on about the internet. It says we think that John Stewart is really funny and that Cullberg guys and Betty, then we think they might actually fit in a big way here. And it goes on to offer, we'll watch your show every day, if you put it online at a reasonable price, as an M-PEG video that we can save and watch later in the case run vacation. Not some Microsoft or Apple proprietary crap. If you do that, we're just going to have to hack it up and turn it in at M-PEG anyways, which means we'll have to distribute it on our own side without the commercials. And it goes on and on. Well, that was like it. So as we know that you're part of the huge violence come, Empire, blah, blah, whatever. We're willing to pay something, but something reasonable, like two or three bucks a month for all the episodes. True, that's more than you're getting from the cable companies. I mean, if you get 300 channels from the cable, it goes on. 23 cents per subscriber from cable. Says any how think about it, we'll be here hanging out wishing you were here. Computer gig, Uber gig, computer gigs, Uber gigs. Netfacters. Neese, need slackers and need facters. I got to get one of those big screen power crap. You know, this has been like, like anybody with a brain can't watch this stuff on the queue. First of all, it's not on a previous channel, such as basic cable and you got it. Right. You don't have to pay any extra to watch if you have basic cable. If you don't have basic cable, you don't have good time in your log cabin. Right. And of course, if you're hanging out in a log cabin, you probably have a beer. So the best talent in this is the Rogers Force Radio 560. You, A, L. Let's up you some more prisoners. Baby, let's scream nice and loud. Get me some water and a fac, shrewt pack. I don't care if they hate from my wretched people. I'll give you through the torture cause they're just laying their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying. They thought he was just a legend. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm giant with incredible strength and power with colossal arms, monster of legs, and an enormous ego. He's not just a legend, but he is a giant, a San Francisco giant. I'll introduce from now GoFent. And a 10 months. Four-0, is this Rogers Force Radio 770? Oh my god, he's eating the reporters now! Oh, see, very much in the movies, or chemically great is to play. Oh, we're going to have to have a word. Should we make a stage? Coming soon, maybe to a ballpark near you, can you fall? How is it 12-0 so already? And you know, baby, I know. It's time we're talking about it, more is it? What? It's so automatic. Yes. Finally, you'll be pleased to know I reached over about five minutes ago and shut off the monitor for that and it's very good. Reach over and shut it off. I think we took more than our quarter day. We took quite a few there in the beginning. Yes, we did. And most of them said stuff like that. Two and a half minutes. You know what I mean? You're right though. I don't care. I'm going to do my show. I'm going to do the way I want to. All these people who think that they're experts who know something. They know nothing about radio. Nothing about talk radio. Nothing about this show. Nothing except a bunch of ball games and guys taking showers together and dropping the soap. That's all they know. You'll add 10 years to your life. That's right. I just don't care. I don't care about what I believe and that's it. All these experts will make me a screen to crawl. I don't know what you become so enchanted so easily and then down the road. Every single time you always say, you know, oh gee, you're talking about what what nice thing that's about right. Whether that's about right where you're eating. I was yesterday about what a tremendous improvement they are. Yeah. Man, you're dreaming. All right. Maybe to sell now where you met sales guy this more son of like kind of human. That's Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel. It looked a little bit like they were talking about him which I think that means gay. Something like that. Gary Bruce had a younger brother. What do look like him? Oh, guy. That's not that's not the don't get him started on the wrong foot comparing him to Gary Bruce. I just said I'm just trying to, you know, describe it. Oh, I've had an extra and they got a picture of a guy with a schmoth on his head in the beard. Oh, I'll have to. He had a beard in the terrorist terrorist, feed or a kill. Terrorists think that somebody else with a beard. Somebody in a family, somebody famous. Will for Brimley will for Brimley. You don't have a beard or no. Get out of here. Santa Claus Santa Claus. Hey, on your kids out there when your parents take it to them all this. So you see Santa's got a beard. You ain't got a first to make sure if it isn't real if it's real. Food him. All right. Right. Castro. Because he must be a terrorist. God only knows what he's going to put in your sack. In fact, it'll probably squeeze your sack. That's Santa. Pervert. Two weeks after telling police that her son of in Sanctuary was created. Melinda Duckin. Oh, God. I wonder if he was going to Kirby. Bar, can you believe that he's dead? Who? Think of all the people who are dead. That's just you just can't believe it. You're like, I just got through seeing what's in name and Richard's on King a few weeks ago. You know, I'm King. Huh? Who? Larry, your buddy. She just done a few weeks ago and Richard. She looked alive to me and now she's dead. And just when you do this talk about those catacombs and Paris and you see all those skulls and bones, then that's what's that, baby. You better enjoy your life now because once it's over, that's it. Just like that raghead that was under with the bombs in a car, the two of them and they're going to do the suicide bombing. I hope all our favors, yeah, all on my ass. Okay, you're dead idiots. But then again, you see, I think they've got a legitimate excuse because boy, you talk about effective brainwashing even the catacombs. See, the catharture doesn't have a different way. They basically make it off for that you can't refuse. They brainwashing and teaching to hate everybody else. And then that's the way they work. But these people from the time they're old enough to like sit on the floor and start domining and they're rocking back and forth with a books and a caran and I, it was guy, I'm in as you as you know, crazy. And so by the time they get old enough to be really dangerous, you know what they become? What? Dangerous? Two weeks after telling police that are set up in snatch from his crib, Melinda Duckett found herself reeling in interview with TV's famously prosecutorial Nancy Grace. She doesn't have a beer, but you know what? I like to shoot her ass and believe me, talk about a big target. If you feel what was over, Grace was touting her desk and loudly demanding to know, where were you? Why are you telling us where you were that day? Friend? A day after the taping duckett 21 shot herself today. He couldn't in the mystery of what happened to the boy. Police refused to say whether she left a suicide note and said nothing they have found so far in their investigation of her death. They shed any light on the wear votes of her two-year-old son Trenton. Maybe ran away because he's named him Trenton. Maybe he's in Jersey. This is in Leesburg, Florida, by the way. How come all the crack is in Florida? Most of it. You know what I'm going to say? I have noticed that. This skirt we had about to got to jump off the bridge with his daughter. For the hell's her Leesburg? You want to know where Leesburg is. So if you're in a West Coast baby, Leesburg never heard it. Get out of here. Look at a Google it. Leesburg with two ease. Leesburg. You're full of it. I don't think you ever lived in Brandon. I think you're full of crap. You know what I'm saying? You want to think Brandon's got as a bunch of fast food joints. And a mall. They do have a mall? Are you? You're kidding, right? It's like the third biggest mall in the world. She was me. Well, it's all its entire list. You never heard of Leesburg and you've given me crack cause I never saw her went to the Brandon mall. What's that one I go to Brandon for? Nobody's heard of Leesburg. It was var still. Wasn't it where they had the first to make believe her rena? Yes. The plastic arena that they are lightning. I want to have a couple of games. They're at least just pounded lightning back then. Lightning were really bad. I want to have a couple of games, actually. And Joe Belses, are you a hockey fan? No, I'm just making it up. Police refuse to say whether she left the suicide note. This is Melinda Duckett and said nothing they found. I just read that. Investigators have stopped short of calling her a suspect, but a folks that increasing attention on her movement just before the boy vanished and the notes computer camera and other items seized it in from her house. Duckett's family members disputed any suggestion since he heard her son. They said the strain of her son's disappearance pushed her to the brink. And the media said her over the edge. Nancy Grace put that bitch on trial. Why were you pounding on that desk? You bitch you. You. How? I mean, slow. God. She is. Oh, my God. Just that that whole funny act of hers man. Now hold raw. She put that. Hey man. And you were supposed to put around a poll today. Didn't do it. Yeah, Josh. Why didn't you do that? No, not Josh. You. Before Josh ever even drank his ass in there. Well, I thought about it. Please. Pretty pleased. You wouldn't do it because your heartless bastard. That's cut I love her. Nancy Grace, the others, they just bashed her to the end. Duckett's grandfather built you banks into it. What if he's kind of bobby banks to one of these stiff neck? She wasn't and I was at a priest. I never saw anybody wearing a collar like that bobby banks on the annulay went Game, remember him? Right. God, I hated him. I can't stand him because of his big milled head. No, I had nothing to do with that. I just didn't like the way he always looked like his neck was in. What do they call this like a neck brace? Yeah. He wasn't anyone ever would have thought to do something like this. He and that baby do his lovely set of couldn't get away from each other. She wouldn't hurt a bug. Genene Iamuno, a spokesman for Grace and an email that duckett's death was an extremely set of album, but the program would continue covering the case. No rock, honest baby. No regrets. We feel a responsibility to bring attention to this case and hopes of finding Trenton duckett who remains missing Iamuno said. A relentless bitch that Nancy Grace. Let's hot her ass down. Let's tie her up by her toenails. All right. Let's get the shy of her hand. Let's bring him back to life and get this so if I can pull out her nails. Ooh. That's polished or not. Now let's polish her fingernails and then pull them all out with a thing. Blars with her body. Good thing. Some needle nose pliers. Duckett in fact, she's got kind of a needle nose inchy. Yes, she did. She's. Oh, just dripping and draw. Draw an endriffin. Sounds like some kind of sexually transmitted disease. Duckett had told police that after she finished watching a movie August 27. She went to check on Trenton in his bedroom and all she found was an empty crib and a 10 inch cut in the window screen above it. But it sounds like John but I all over again. That's why Nancy Grace is all over this like Stinkon Joe. At the time she was living her son waiting through a messy divorce with a bodice voice father trying to get her life back on track after getting laid off from her job with long-care company. The voice disappearance in this time of 19,000. Who will leave her? Huh? About 45 miles north west of Orlando. Okay. See, I hadn't said it because he's too lazy to Google it. He's working on a QM website. Stretch the 75 member police force to its limits. See, if I would have lived in Brandon, I'd sure know where Lee'sburg is. So where is it? 45 miles north west of Orlando. Why's not far from Tampa St. Peter? If it's 45 miles north west? Right. Right there, man. It's right like probably between Tampa and Lakeland. Oh, Lakeland. Have you ever been there? Can't say that I have probably. You know what? What a bunch of yihaz, Yahoo's, oh man. Unbelievable. In fact, they picked their nose so deep that if they had brains they'd be able to feel him. Flyers were posted on gas station doors around town asking for information from anyone who might have seen the boy. Have brown hair, youngster wearing denim shorts and a diaper. Trent and father, 21 year old Josh, duck it. Ever seen Josh duck it? All that's hard. Just as bored it. Only when does comes in. Was closely questioned after the boy disappeared. Newspapers reported that his wife had taken out a temporary restraining order again. But Josh duck had took a polygraph test answered all police questions satisfactorily. Captain Jenny Paget said on September 7, The duck had gave a telephone interview to see him and headline news his grace. A former prosecutor known for her practically cross examining her guests for her militant Aggressive obnoxious style. Duck had stumbled over such questions as whether she had taken a polygraph. She said she refused on the advice of her divorce lawyer and where exactly she was shopping with the boy before his disappearance. I was before the interview aired duck and shot herself right away with a grandfather's gun at a grandparents house. And up the road from where she was living. Up the road a piece. Probably in Brandon at them all. You heard that Brandon has a huge malls. What I heard. By the way, Lee'sburg is past Tampa in between like Tampa and Jacksonville. It's 45 miles north west of Orlando. So if you drew a line from Tampa up towards Jacksonville, which would have to be kind of a, you know, it would be on that path. Yes. I didn't say it's like a Tampa suburb. Well, you're telling me, oh, you're from Brandon. You should know. You hear a two egg? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. There's like six people in there. It's a stop life. There's not even a place. I don't know because I lived in Brandon. I should know Lee'sburg for you. Sure, Tim. Why are you so easy? Why won't you just relax? Let's always give you a little therapy session during the break. Just forget about don't care. Do like I don't give a crap. Let's book and talk. That's right. Smoke a big fat one and just forget about it. Or even a slim one. I was before the interview aired duck and shot herself with a grandfather's gun. Investigator is doing trying to piece together a timeline of where she and Trent were. 24 hours before she reported him missing. On Tuesday, they released the making model of her car or 2000 Mitsubishi eclipse. And asked anyone who might have seen it during that period to call them. Also on Tuesday, this paper reported she bought a shotgun from a pawn shop two days before Trent and vanished. Paget said, police couldn't confirm that. See, here we go again. People would gun. They easily use them. On Monday, agents used dogs and digging equipment to search an outline area that somebody called above or found nothing. Investigator continued to field tips. We're following up, page. It said, hopefully they'll bring in something to help us firm up the timeline. Sounds very mysterious to me. And by the way, speaking of mysterious things, I am not slow. Trust me when I test. I just want to say, let me just tell you one thing. There are very few Julios in Toronto. All right. Just remember I said that. I'm not going to give you a bite. I'm just going to dangle it out to you. All right. Dangle it in front of you. You're wondering what to do. Some day, maybe you'll find out. Maybe you won't. All right. Excuse me. This is a challenge. And it's going to come on the wrist. More sweaty over the wrist. I'm going to play in the right hand. Yeah. This is at home, my insecurity top range. Advising you to put duct tape on your radio. When I raise the morning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm dying out of here. 10, 10 years too late. Yeah, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. When things were great, when things were present. Oh, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Oh, 10, 10, 10, 10. When we still see friends, 10, 10, 10, 10. When we still see friends, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10 10, 10, get this fast full, already die 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 15 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, almost 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10 to the side, let's go let's start with cooking chopping up meat, grind it down to one side like internship. We still had some teasers, but off-dose there was we still and we had so deep Being hogged and she was the first of it I wonder if she survived that 19 19 1995 All three at five sixty wf happy Thursday to September 14 a day that'll live in infamy I don't know why yeah, but we'll find out How do I speak in all Iers? Remember I was supposed to get a new piece of copy for It's gonna be a good thing It's gonna be a good thing Maybe didn't mean this Thursday Maybe he went to That's right, so guess it until you watch Thursday did that. He's just another B.S. artist man All the same and you know what I don't care good. I'm gonna get that I don't I don't care I've said that before but finally this time you pulled me over the force me over the I just like I don't think I can do this little girl to me Is that a delucid? I don't know I forget what I love us I You know, he was a crack baby red neck He plays that's Florida, you know And there's a bunch of Julios that floated up from south and a bunch of Jews that came down from the north and then that's Florida You know and he came to the south Florida and then a bunch of Midwesterners on a west coast who came there and wondered what what what is this all about and then everybody else is like a red neck Bible something red neck like your find us governor for example with his Fantastic family here's a facts from FM event room javin heard from f.in. While he says good morning Sir thought about you as I was reading an article in the LA times It's a book review of the greatest story ever told that the client and fall of truth from man and I love it a Katrina by Frank Rich. We love Frank Rich. Read his articles all the time. Put him on our website from New York Times, right? Right. Like him, almost as much as fat Rich. And it says, here's the blur by the book. This is one of those occasions Frank Rich is that man and his new book, the Great History of our soul, the time and fall of truth and man, love and two Katrina will be a particular value, though still struggling to bring this historical moment into focus. He also has a genuine relish for pop culture, and has almost single-handedly made the word truthiness, first coined by a comedy-central Stephen Colbert, and indispensable political term of art. As Rich defines it, truthiness describes the situation in which it doesn't matter whether or something is true, but matters most as whether a story can be sold as true, preferably on television, on television, dummy, forced to represent a guy against his will. That describes precisely the story's George W. Bush and his circuits sold the American people to induce them to support the war in Iraq, and Rich lays out these evasions exaggeration now where I lies in the greatest story ever, so I'm going out and getting it two days. I've got these other four books. I'm halfway through one of them, but I'm going to go out and put it in my pile today. I'm going to start feeding my brain. I mean, I might actually, why do I just read the whole book on here? Really like that. I'll teach him a thing or two. Excellent. Instead of that stupid hurley-cain program we got in the night, I'll come out again at night and read the book. Neals book reviews. Some people are like that. Take that over. If I can't wait to take it over, I'll just leave the mic open here 24-7. All right. And every time I get all whipped up and pissed off about something I remember. I'm like that. What do you say? You could make a podcast. Yeah. We're just a potty mouth. I've shut the phone off for today. You know, they're there in Lala land. It's always been this way from day one and it's this way even worse with this crowd. Because if you thought that the other people weren't broadcasts, I don't know what that they were broadcasts. There were broadcasts. These people out on a work they're just. I think these people are chasing their tail. They sure as hell did for about eight months. I'm going to be fat of a book, but I'm not. Why don't we sure can't do any worse than mow than a, I was surprised. Remember that? Uh-huh. In the two to four hours, can't do well worse than a one. Guess what? Wrong again. So you're telling me the Troy is out. I'm going to say that. That's what Josh thought or not to use out. Right. A whole bunch of people out. Manny Bella still there though. Yes, he is. And what's his name is still there? Right. Right. He was out for the now he's back in. That's right. Just when he thought he was out, they pulled him back in. Right. He's a sales. How bad is your, yeah, his hip tight guy. We security scare about a disruptive passion. You're pumped into 30s to evacuate 44 passengers off an American Eagle flight just after land yesterday at Miami International Airport. Oh my god. American Eagle flight 4262 departed from Nashville. A real rednecky Yahoo plays with a bunch of real farbiz in a glam. And what's scheduled to take off from Miami for Charlotte North Carolina police. What's scheduled? Well, I'm sure I already did by now. Police earlier reported that a man had been running up and down the aisle and making wild hand gestures while the plane. This is, this is not the other one we were talking about. This is a different one. Remember the one with a guy was like took his belt right and wrapped it around his hand just like this is another one. Sort of confused. You like running out running. It was running up and down the aisle and making wild hand gestures while the plane was preparing to take off for Charlotte. Those were rumors. They played spokesperson Roy Rottlen said. to call the manufacturer passenger. Yeah, and come to it. And that was the guy yesterday. Don't confuse that with this. This is another story about another crazy guy. Police received a call by the truck. The fact that the plane was still on the air. But the nature of the disruption was not known. Passed it was questioned by police and released. All 44 passengers and three crew members were evacuated off the plane. Police dogs checked the plane for explosives. American Airlines spokeswoman said the flight to North Carolina was cancelled. And we threw a cross for further information. But I probably cancel because the only hit 44 people on it. It was an American Eagle. It was at the puddle jumpers, right? Right. There was a number like 42 62. It's a puddle jumper. And when they closed their, a lot of your feet were closing the door now. Never been on one of those? No, I can't say that I know. No. Just keep in the way. If anybody's just you, like you want to go to Orlando, Well, why don't you fly up a lot of puddles. Just in Lexington. Yeah. Just think about that airport. A little puddle jumper in those 49 dead people. Other way. I got a little news bulletin for you. Ooh, our boy. Troy. He's got 790 as a sales hole. And a surprise. And on Saturday from 1 to 3. More power to you, Troy. We like you. We don't care if you're across the street with those losers. We still like you. No way. I like them. I always like to raise a good job. I mean, he was sometimes frustrating because he's not not the brightest bulb in the pack. But nevertheless. He's a dark and bald sales department. Huh? He was the darkest bulb. Yeah. So if he asked him a question, he probably couldn't shed too much light on her. I'm so sorry I said. Yeah. No, I'm changing the whole show. I was the brightest today. Have you noticed? No, I'm just going to go nuts for every day. They can take this phone. They can take this box out of here, man. They can take it out. I've been, it's such as those five idiot. The colors for years of beginning worse. See things change. And one of the reasons I'm still around. A lot of others have come and gone and fumbled their way through life. And the reason I'm still here is because, you know, you have to, you have to go with a flow. Did you know that? That's the thing is changed. That's right. And you get to feeling that, no, just saying like what it used to be. You know, what's it on the time? You could sit down and the phones are being ringing off the hook. You need to talk all these friendly, interesting, funny people. And that's ancient history, man. Got a good memory. Yeah. That's 100 years ago. Forget about that. That's crap. Well, let's talk to Mike and Margain. I screw that. You know, it's so cheap. I wouldn't listen that either. But these people now, they didn't understand. You think that carrots and everything, he's got any concept of talk. Where do you want to release all about? Yeah. And it is it. It's so funny. You could just laugh your ass off. And your kiss piece could play on life and so hard. Like he knows something about a talk show. Yeah. Now there's a guy. Let's put him back on. That's the show. We can't lose the license because we don't have one. That's right. Where we got to lose. Right. Like Bobby McGee. Well, what's the reason he saved life is a piece of crap. What he did? There's another word. That's a lot of the left. I love to lose. Except your voice. And I guess he did, huh? Well, he could see. Oh, wow. She was really, well, I'm trying to share it when he drew a lot of drugs. Or then again, when you worked for Fox, then you go over to MSNBC. We're going to return to the other. What are the things? There were poured out there that maybe he was dealing with the fresh sirs. You cannot. You cannot honestly say to yourself that this is this is really happening. There are just few things in the history of mankind like 9-11. We just had the anniversary on Monday. And people were watching those videos over a million times. Again, the buildings are burning and they're crumbling and pancake and people are running like crazy. And you see the planes crashing through the buildings. You think this can't possibly be happening. Right. And then you turn on your TV. If you're unlucky enough to turn on MSNBC when she happens to be on, all too often now. Because then Abrams is a moron. And there she is. And you're thinking, they can't really be serious about putting this person on your TV. Like a journalist person. Like a journalist person. Like, you know, then you flip over to see in headline news news, news news, Nancy Grace Fran. And like you can do that anytime of day and she's on there. I wouldn't be surprised. She's on there right now. Let me turn over to headline news. There for the nationally common market. Oh, no. We're going to be talking about job as home runs by the robot. I don't come in another one. Oh, we're close. Right. Please. But me. Or the other. I'm getting in right. But that my friends is ruled a ground will double. Bottom of the night falls at the fish now. This time. There's no netting where this thing goes. There's a group in Bound. 24th of a year. 732nd of his career. 236. Of Aaron for the all time. 732nd. 7302nd. 7302nd. And seven hundred and more because he's on Royce. Because he's smearing that cream. I don't want to get shot. Shut up. You know, it's true. Now you're just, you know, hardheaded. I'm just honest. That's all. He's a philic rap. It's an insult to the babe. I'm a big fat turt. I'm a turt. But that's only because he ate all my hot dogs. Break all that beer. Very past the bay, buddy. And you're going to tell me if you're going to start with the Henry Aaron stuff. Man, it's going to be a racist thing. Okay. Who's darker? Barry Bonser. Henry Aaron. Work on Edwin. While we're old. On the cover of Time magazine. You know, that would be a good pull. Who's the darkest of them. I say Sydney, but you know, he's going to. Pretty dark. Pretty dark. I'm a crazy and fool me. No, no, Wesley slides. Wesley snipe. Darkest human being whoever. Darkness. Yeah. Who's the lightest of them all? Brian. I would say. I'd say Malcolm. Yeah, Brian Kubbles pretty light. Like Colin Powell. I'd say Malcolm. What does his name? Schema. More. Vita. Vita. I know my name is Schema. More. You like him more. A lot. More than you do. 1214 at 5.60 WQA. I'm a list of were right in the peak in the middle of the hurricane season. I was just reading about that this morning. Isn't it time to took the stress and worry out of lastman hurricane preparations. Don't kid caught with your shotters down. Hurricane shut-about led manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now they provide expert installation too. Call them at 9.54. 237. 7. 8.3. Be prepared for the worst. They feature rolled-ons accordions in panels. Just like the hurricane shut-about. Look, custom maker even installed the shutters for you. Call them right now. 9.54. 237. 7.0.83. You get on your way to top-notch protection. The hurricane shut-about led family owned enough right in there. License and shirt and they'd route and pumbi's counties approved. They stuck all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels. Cut to your specifications and ready for you to pick up or deliver them right to you. And like I said, now even install them for you if you need. The public and all contractors will come major credit cards accepted. And when you call these folks your staff five be sure and time that Neil censure and get yourself $100 savings, $100 off on a minimum order of 355 square feet. Their hurricane shut-about led. Be prepared. Believe you me. Call 9.54. 237.70. 237. You're on the wicked web just log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com. The biggest thing is to best tell our audiences this wheel rotters for video 560. You ain't been. The next one is the The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one is the next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. That was funny. Up the bite. The bite by the bite. Mozing? Do that again. Correct him. Gaby. Gaby. Talking on a more show. Try and do the macho. Your voice sounds just like a standing here old term. I don't know sports ocean. Watch out. Are you there? There are four girls in the house. Dancing! Talking like a baby. You need a little driving. My cat will understand. You don't sound like a man. We fool the rubber sounds. That joke. Your smoke come. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Your lovely management don't care. Because you leave. You don't belong there on the air. And you leave. Actors, courts and wait to your voice crack. All cinnamon won't move sounds like that. You're signed another job. That's the least. That's the least. You should only take you back when both your baby's dropped. That's the best. You're a silly, silly girl. When you're gonna grow up. You make that you want to grow up. You silly, sweet people. Don't you broadcast things to your friends. You're pretty, you're better, sis. Boy, it's me, you. Sounds like a... You're a... You're a... You're a... You're a... Okay, you asked for it and believe you made it out. Listen very carefully. Okay. Do this again. All right. Sounds like a little bit of a... One moment please. Up the bike. By the bike. How are you doing that? What? How are you doing that? How am I doing that? On the work machine, are you playing that for me? Which machine? Yeah. Because I could do a whole bunch of them here. Up the bike. Up the bike. Up the bike. See because the trip queue is like... You know, like... So it's tripping in before you finish your salmon. You follow me saying... The bike... The bike... There you go. Well, no, no, no. Mucky, see Mucky, dude. I'll be doing it now just because I don't it. Mucky, dude. And Mucky. And that's what it smells like. That's what Kelly sounds like. Anyway, this is a horrible story. Port Richie. Now you know where that is, Josh. What I mean, it's nowhere near a least bird. Is it anywhere near your new port rich? New port richie. Well, there's new port richie. There's just port richie. I guess. I don't know. There's lots of red nicks, man. Any one of these towns is red nicks. Although I hear they have a fantastic mall in Brandon. The mother... Yeah, like I'm supposed to know that. And he gets all indignant about it. So third biggest mall in the country, a hook here is, you know. Life is more than a stupid shopping mall. Like, like, they gotta call me a few months ago. This doesn't have anything else. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. Right. God calls me a few months ago. He says, oh, when I was talking about the downtown Miami and nobody wants to go. There was a still don't. And he's given me the sign of an answer. But remember he sent me the facts first. And then he's given me a lecture about, oh, there's going to... No, it was on a facts. It was going to be a big shopping, a huge mall down there bigger than the Eden Center Toronto. Like, I'm supposed to be impressed by the size of the mall. Well, what was that cut to do with it? I'm sure that Westland and Detroit is bigger than the Eden Center, too. Does that make the Detroit a desirable place to live? No. First not. You know, life based on shopping, well, like people say, well, you know, is there any good talk radio there in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, come on. Get a life when you're pleased. I have no life. I have no life. Jesus. I mean, if this is the barometer that your life is based on, I would have ended now. It makes him room for somebody else. Speaking of that, the mother of a newborn baby girl found dead in the trash can, turned herself into the day to face charges of sick and ugly murder. Christine Michelle James in 29 of Hudson. I never heard of that. Worse than the target in Fort Richie, we're employees found the body, uh, Monday in a clear plastic trash bag in an employee restroom trash can. Oh, my goodness. You're supposed to use it opaque bag for disposing of baby. And that's always a better idea. A clear plastic trash bag. The cause of death hasn't been determined, but detectives believe the baby was alive when it was born. According to Sheriff's spokesman Kevin Dahl, the medical examiner, determined and had Erin Aslons doll said, target manager sent it. Techive to James and who had been sent home because she looked sick. She didn't have a baby while a target the rest of you for it said. She agreed to go to a local hospital for treatment. The home phone number listed on her restaurant port was disconnected. I'm sure she had a lawyer yet. The baby was at least the third newborn to be found in a abandoned, found abandoned dead in the 10th of area this year. Right. But actually the other two were in Brandon. Now probably one was in Loots. Yeah. And the other one was probably like in, uh, The water or some other red red. Branding could be Bart Barto. Mm-hmm. Don't eat it. Now Bart's dough is in California. Bart's dough is in Florida. Right. See how you learn some crap already here? Yeah. That's that. And this is the thing that's going to get you very unhappy. All right. Well, let me ask you first. What do you think of Google? I, I'm so I like it. I guess. I love it. I love it. I love it. Google is researching. But that's all. Google is eager to work with a Republican party. And as boosted as presence in Washington, D.C. According to a role called by way of raw story. Google won the fastest foreign companies in Silicon Valley is ramping up its political cloud in D.C. While taking a series of steps to court Republicans reports. The Korean new mayor and Paul Tane for rule call. The company is filing paperwork today to open its first-ever political action committee. And later this month it will make an endangered GOP incumbent. The beneficiary of its first-ever Washington fundraiser. A search engine giant this month also deepened its size to Republicans by anking a deal with former GOP senators Dan Kotsa, the DNR Real Jackass, and even a worst Jackass, Connie Maca Florida, to lobby on its behalf. I got news for Connie Mac. If his daddy wasn't his grand daddy wasn't Connie Mac the baseball aginius. And if anybody went over it, he would have gotten four votes, even with fixed machines. Connie Mac my ass. The buddy, who? They're Macaron Jesus now. On Wednesday the company with tech net will co-host his first-ever Washington fundraiser on behalf of representative Heather Wilson, New Mexico, one of the most endangered GOP in comments. And a supporter of Google's position on net neutrality. The key internet regulatory issue, the Google entangled with the phone and cable companies. eBay, the online auction company is also co-host. I do like that. Not that there's any, you know, cronyism involved there, but like any, you know, got my hand and was scrubbing your hand. The company's pack officially known as Google Net Pack is filing its paperwork of the FEC today. And another side of an effort to corporate political balance. Google Pack, Google Net Pack is retained Ben Ginsburg. Now there is one of those not just people on the face of the earth. Have you ever seen him? Yeah. Oh, God. Hey, John, you look at him when his red face and his beard. Oh, he's got a beard. Just on dummy. Google Net is retained Ben Ginsburg. The top political lawyer at Patten Boggs. And one time counsel both Bush, Bush, which he needs 2000 and Bush, he needs 2000 to four. Ginsburg is serving as an outside adviser to the pack. Inturing that it here is to campaign finance laws. He's a self-hating right winged Jew. Is what he has been Ginsburg. God. Adviser to the company say the pack likely will become a key to funding money and GOP lawmakers. Given the democratic leanies of its donor employees. And enough to make you want to get on your hands and ease and just vomit and put your grudge out. Yeah. Let it die. Puked out, baby. Puked out. Puked out. Puked out. Puked out. What? You know something? I'm still going to be Googling it. Yeah. 1148 votes. We got 1200 votes. In fact, about a post did we could have made 1300 again. But I don't want to do that. You know, you push it too much. You can wear it out. In fact, that's the next story here about that former teacher, which you didn't even know about. And you guess where that was, too, about the sex with the kid? Florida. That, that, that. Tampa. And Florida, baby. Tampa. There you go. The biggest thing. Right now, Kevin. Now, I see the faces. We'll rock for a sports video 560. You, baby. Oh. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. The world. You pulled continuar a zumberfolik fornameately. Oh, love me. EOS DB. Yep. Fire cogonly.��'m. Flock or Former teacher sex with people really bad choice. She says, Tampa. Really bad choice. Yeah. How would he thought? A former middle school teacher serving house arrest for having sex with a 14 year old pupil. Sitting in the television interview that she was deeply troubled at the time and crossed the line that you'd never been crossed. Devil a fave 25. Blonde she looks like one's bad picture. I guess she looks not bad, but just old. Okay. 50. She's been through a lot, you know. That's right. I'll suit her pain. Devil a fave 25. You've seen her. I guess. Yeah. A lot. She's no well-weltian in the weather lady on channel seven that the Filipino lady, but she's hot. Exactly. I don't know what that's all about. It's just bad eyesight. I guess. I mean, she just knows. Take a booties. She got big boobs. Yes. Now this big is Miss Kamalo. Devil a fave 25 became a template since, since, after her arrest in 2004, also acknowledges that her victim might have a hard time trusting women one day. I'm sure he has to be living with the guilt of quote unquote. Rating me out. According to transcripts of the interview with Matt Law, released by NBC this week, the interview was to air today on the TV shows, I guess we missed it. And I think line NBC so that'll be on the night. Oh, I got to see that. Not. Got to see that. You'll be watching it. Because then you'll be on there. Devil a fave. Yeah. You'll be watching. Whatever. She's a apologized and said by Paul and disorder contributed to her state of mind at the time. He's by too. All right. A major war, right? He never thought she was really committing rape when she had sex with the teen. But now realizes she made a really, really, really bad choice. There's three release in there. That's right. Almost as many as those guilty murder that had been having sex with me. She acknowledges that the case got so much attention from similar cases to the liver or none, because she's attractive. Sex sells, she said. Very profound sweetheart. Very profound. Lafave said she has a difficult time thinking of herself as a sexual predator, as she is now classified under Florida law. She's 25, the kid was 14. I was kindhearted person who loved children would never, you know, do anything to break the law. She said I was a good person and now everything is just changed. So it's just really hard for me to accept that. For it is, even though it is a bad choice, but, you know, you got caught with his panties down. I guess I'm like that. Not good. Not good sweetheart. Oh, President Bush meant today with a software and president. So that our professionals will feel comfortable about going forward with the program. There you go. But a beat by the group. And the best part of it is the software and president who speaks knowing this is both better English than your president. 1163 on a vote meter. By the way, the valuable people are working on the vote tally, at the end of the show there will be 10,000. Gatorsburg, Maryland. Well, thank God we got a story from someplace besides Florida. But we've been Florida tentatively. How do you like that? Fits that takes her, she has a baby in target. And she puts it in a clear plastic bag and sort it in the trash. I thought I was a Walmart. Target. Okay. When you stop, I'm still going to shop. You are relentless man. You like target. You hate Walmart. It's a right away. You're placing this vision on this broad. Whatever she is. Just those kinds of things usually happen to you. She was at target. There's plenty of red necks that go to target. Okay. There are plenty of trailer trash. Sloppy. Whatever. That go to, I don't know what she looks like. They can't swing target. She has she did it in the target. All right. And she put the, she put the baby in a plastic bag. Well, at least she put it in a clear plastic bags or somebody could see it. Yeah. That's a good plan. Yeah. I guess they didn't see it in time. A Merle and substitute teacher was arrested after an alleged anti-Islamic tirade in front of high school students. You see that? Don't be doing such crap. Okay. Carol Joan McVay. I wonder if she was kind to Howard McVay. The driver, the, uh, he's all park. And he had a daughter who was a driver too. I figured what her and a geomic vay. Well, what a, what a memory. She uses for stuff that nobody has any idea what it is. I don't care. Carol Joan McVay 49 was charged with resisting arrest trespassing to sort of the conduct and disturbing the peace. Police said McVay became upset when she heard some students that gave us very high school who were being assisted by another teacher, practicing a speech and using some Arabic words. Uh oh. Not a good sign. The Washington Post that she reacted after her overheating the group uttering Islamic reading of peace. Now what is it that they say? What the Arabs? Yeah. I'll sell on the lake. That's it. Okay. Do you know it? Shout out. Shout out. I don't know that from Arabs though. I know that from the brothers, you know. Yo, yo, yo. When I say that to us, because they're all Muslims now so they can put on the day and day and day and day. They just like to say that. It's like an infony. That's a lick of saloon. Charging documents, an infony, alleged McVay's shot, a shouted, his line doesn't mean peace. It means kill killing everyone for peace. And because of you, our families died in New York. I see. It's not known if anyone who heard the alleged remarks is Muslim. Authorities said McVay went to the school to the orphan. So, a specialist pleasure about the speech in the assisting teacher and was told by the principal that her services were no longer needed at the school. How do you like that? Of course, he was a substitute teacher. Don't make waves on it. One thing in a school is baby, do not make any waves. Just mind your own business. Keep your nose clean. Pick it a lot. Right. Police said she refused to leave with a school from the school by the Education Facilities Officer. Robbing the school from the building. She allegedly yelled at a Hispanic teacher about the inappropriate and speaking of students in languages other than English. How do you like that? Oh boy, she said something like a class of voice. Once the substitute teacher was outside police said she tried to re-enter the school and the school's educational facilities officer attended a place to enter a rest. But she resisted and an additional officer was called into assist to access to her ass. Police said McVay was released on her own recognition. How do you like that? And alleged anti-Islamic tirade in front of her high school students. Charging documents to the list, she shouted, islam doesn't mean peace. It means killing everyone for peace. And because of you, our families died in New York. Well, I would have fried her ass for that. Kind of a bitch's ass. You know? Supposedly, supposedly, we're supposed to sympathize with her. Crazy bitch. Mm-hmm. These are the kind of people that are polluting your kids' minds, baby. Bring out all these people off the streets, all these lunatics. For parasolton man, she she takes so much crap from you. People in there is certainly so by the way, she's a nasty thing. Yes, she is. Why? Oh, skanky. And colder is skanky. Parasolton is way beyond that. Something or someone, I don't want to hear any more about. Parasolton 325. How about ant colder? She didn't go down this pole. Please. Actually, gave her a little bit of hand to crap. I put around her right now ant colder. You'll see she'll go zooming up there. You'll see. Don't believe me, do you? Lovely. Parasolton 325. The war on terror 151. What's bad? What is it start by the way? When do we start with the war on terror? After what you're invading all these killing all these innocent people who had nothing to do with it? Tom Cruise 143. They'd be Surrey 117. George W. Bush 114. Oh, I see. It does make sense though if you're going to invade Iraq and it weren't like a lot of terrorist groups in it. Make sure that you wind up a lot of them in their afterward. So then you can say, see, it's a bastion of terrorism. They're in Iraq. And al-Qaeda's in their and all these other terrorist groups. They weren't there before, but we've paid the way. George W. Bush being that 115. Enough with him. John Mark Har 105. 91179. Barry Banzolny 41. They love Barry. We love you. Barry. You smear that ass. You know, he smear in it. How are you? Did it? Who used to pick? Well, 31. Dingleberries. There are some people they picked strawberries in the fields. Right? Like we got strawberry fields for him. Yes, he does. People picked good dingleberries. I hate this totally 27.2% israel 22.0. Oh, I know. Enough with that already. Okay. And quit. They were the cluster bombs. Iraq 7. Nancy Gray 6 and Brad Pitt only 6. He's on the bottom with Nancy Gray. They're bottom feeding. See, we could have made the 13th hundred. They if we'd have really pushed it. But they all had 12 something. You know, comfortably comfortable 1200 is fine with me. When you say, right, no, especially on a Thursday, and in tomorrow, we're going to like push heavy duty. One, 10,000 votes. Doug Thompson writes, do I do I do I want to do the break first? I guess I better do the break. But there's a little tease for you. It's the system stupid. He's doing a call every day. Not Doug Thompson on capitalillboo.com. And he don't pull any punches, man. He like the last couple of minutes. This was okay. Not as busy as the other ones. It's a little bit too cerebral. But the last two were he just ripped a bush and rum sold an ass. I mean, just ripped and tore and shredded. It was sweet. It was beautiful. When you say, I would say, I say Doug Thompson for Emperor. Although I'd rather say, have you looked at that picture that Josh Corset said it? Of one of one of our favorite people. One moment, please. It's in hot memory. That's right. I like what we do this live on the air. Good one. When you see a funny picture for the first time, then we get the tapioca. Yeah, I also funny picture. I thought I'm going to be like a naked picture of some, uh, you know, sometimes those can be funny too. Okay, loading. Here we go. Two of my students is the only one. He's just like 100 million dollars. I don't have it. Uh oh, there you go. We got Compain.com. I got Phil's voice newsletter. I have nothing from a Josh. Hmm. Maybe I should resend it. Sam, I'm having these problems. Like Joe Bell alleges that he's 71 of the day, which I never showed up and now Josh is 71 and it's still in there. How long good did you send it? Like half hour? That's not there. I think he must have sent it to Yahoo. Now I'm looking at it. I sent it there. You're looking at it? Yep. I'm very sorry. Sorry. Huh? Are you saying anything? Recent of during the break. Hey, like you said, don't let's see what I'm here because it kills him good times. The biggest name. So the best challenge for the biggest system when you're Roger. Force Radio 560. I don't know if you said that. On 18 at 560 WQA and happy Thursday September 14. If you're waiting for phone calls, you won't hear my new show. Not my mom. If I've ever done more reason, they can salivate waiting for you. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Since then, that's summer time. Let's let's speed a clock up. Yeah. Let's give the calendar move along and make it like the end of May. Let's just pretend we did all these months. President Bush made a rare visit to Capitol Hill today as key Republican senators who oppose the administration's military tribunal plan for suspected terrorist gain to a powerful ally. Guess what was you mentioned before, like completed Colin Powell. That's it. The president's former secretary state and led it to one of the major opponents of Bush's plan Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona. Former secretary state role in colon policy opposed the part of the proposal that would amend the interpretation of article three of these Geneva conventions. The White House and the Senate GOP leadership are at odds with the candidate's Lindsey Graham and South Carolina in John Warner of Virginia. Chairman of the Armed Services Committee over the administration's Tribunal plan. Powell said the world is beginning to doubt the moral basis of our fight against terrorism. He wrote in the letter, uh, the president of McCain, who is the member last year opposed the use of torture. To redefine common article three would add to those doubts further more, it would put our own troops at risk he said. And the Swedish part of this, I'll all of this is Powell's letter surface while Bush was having a morning meeting with the Republican lawmakers. For lobby for the Tribunal plan. So maybe Cole has described like a, uh, re-build a little bit of credibility after selling the world out, holding up the vial if you went and reading that speech that he said first he wasn't going to read about Sodom and those weapons and mass destruction and Yadi Yadi and leading all these people to their ultimate death. You know, how does that feel? And so it's a squishy. Love it. I read 94 votes. We got a chance in 1250. What do you say? We can do it. In fact, when we looked up to the GVA, I think on the fact was 1250, 1260, 1240 on the top next Geneva. Is that what they'd draft into Geneva convention? Do you know even New York baby, WGVA? What a place. It's the system's stupid right, Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill Blue on Comrade George's very favorite website. That's right. What? Next to Neil Rogers.com. Oh, next to WQM.com, which Josh court is trying to rehabilitate. It's fantastic. Doug Thompson says America's in free fall and failed nation led by failed leaders with failed ideas serving a living like populist and views failure as an acceptable alternative. Today's America's flawed in so many ways that analysis of the complex events that led us to the precipice is difficult at best. How did we get here? Can we save once what was once a great country built upon noble notions of freedom is redemption possible or even desirable? It's easy to point play with George's WB. She's a monumental failure as a president. A serial liar who led this nation into war that cannot be won. He and those who both serve and advise him systematically dismantle the Constitution trapled the freedoms upon which that hollow document is based and destroyed a democratic republic that has stood the test of time, bad leaders in the South for more than two centuries. Bush, however, capitalized on the system, a government that's been failing for decades, seizing opportunity made possible by never increasing federal bureaucracy, rampaging government waste and corruption and constant, unrelenting assault upon our individual freedoms and rights by playing farts sounds. Republicans to cover control of Congress in the 1994 midterm elections by nationalizing the debate over abusive federal authority and promising through a propaganda milestone called the contract with America to reduce the size and rule of government, read the system of corporate old politics and do away with self-saving political interest that controlled Washington, whereas Chris Matthews would say, politics. Instead, the power-sizing cost of government has grown has never been formally Republican leadership of Congress and along with the power of special interest groups who pay the bills for multi-million dollar-rushing campaigns. Over the last 12 years that GOP led Congress passed budget-fusting budget bills laden with pork and subservient to the power-broke who's through prowl-halls of government like mafia bag men passing our favors to those who deliver the goods. How much of all gifts and slay did loaded up with pork? Republicans sold America to the special interest to intern poor money in the campaign coffers that have, in effect, allowed a GOP to buy elections by overwhelming opponents with far less financing. We saw the power of money this week in Rhode Island where a multi-million dollar GOP voter turnout effort turned the time for sender Lincoln Shafi or Chris Matthews would say, link. I thought link was on the mod squad. Still is. Such success has its cost and the bill for this comes from a devil called corruption. Republicans sold their sources that have a long time ago and a bid to take and then keep control of Congress. The scandals that brought them Republican power lobbyists, Jack Abramoff, and class GOP officers like Tom Daly and Duke hunting hand their jobs is part of a much larger scandal of how money and power corrupt politics for the government of the United States. The administration has sold the justice of the government controlled by the Bush administration and the promise of real campaign reform lies very under a mountain of broken promises on Capitol Hill. While the Republicans turned corruption into an art form they didn't invent it. Congress was a corrupt old boy network before the GOP march in the leadership offices after the 94 elections. Democrats played favors and owed their souls to the power broker's organized labor and other special interest groups. Saudi political operatives of Congress, Mintoni, Kualo talk Democrats, how to sell votes to big business and exchange for fat contributions from political action committees. Kualo quick Congress and questions about his own financial dealings and later resigned is the Chairman of Algorithm Presidential Campaign because of adjusted to private investigation and to even more shady deals. Republicans have Duke hunting hand Democrats to avoid him Jefferson. When the Democrats control Congress, ways and means Chairman Dan Ruston Kowski went to deal for him as using his congressional office funds. He thought of a long line of democratic chairman to fall from grace. Remember Wayne Hayes or Wilbur Mills of Arkansas? Political corruption goes back to the beginning of the Republic. George Washington faced charges selling favors of the special interest of his day. The term lobby is coming from the favor seekers used to have in the lobby the Wilbur hotel in Washington and wait for a drug in prison at U.S. grant to emerge from the bars so they could bribe him into the same things their way. Remember U.S. grant? He was the probably the worst American president ever up until the present. There is no doubt that the current president of the U.S. and the leadership of Congress must go to have individually and collectively abused the public trust and abandoned the Constitution they swore to uphold. The very survival of the Republic made a pin on what voters do in the November midterm elections and again in 2008. Yet I'm not convinced that replacing one set of policies in the other can fix the problems that face America. All we need to is kick out one group of button-sold political hacks and put another set in their place. Nancy Pelosi is a politician for sale just like any hashtor who butcher the national anthem the other day. She has she just has different owners. No they corrupt votes for sale on the highest bid or elected officials believe they owe anything to average Americans. George W. Bush's fail war in Iraq may be the central issue of this election, but the problems that infect our body policy go much much deeper. The core of the argument is rotting and corrupt and may take more drastic action than just angry voters at the ballot box to rid the system of a cancer that threatens this country. Bill Clinton served terms in office because he beat the current president's dad a failed president and the rest of the Republicans could must have against him in 1996 gone for bid was Bob Dole. Clinton was hardly a shining example of political or moral leadership. He abused the powers of his office and doubted with an inter when he should have been attending the business. Several members of his administration went to jail and he lost his law license for long under oath. Bush too gets two terms because the best that anocrats could come up with were Al Gore and John Kerry. The final chapter of Bush's presidency is not yet written, but it won't be pretty or complimentary. His many failures will serve future courses of political science on the cost of failed leadership. Would Gore have been any better? We'll never know but given his life faster political career today then his own ethical problems with fundraising as Senator Anbiased President I doubted. When you look at the choices we faced on the presidential ballots a modern times, you have to question a political system and a lot of such people to rise to the top. When failed flawed candidates are the only choices on you get as a failed flawed president. For 2008 the picture doesn't look much better. Our choices may be between Hillary Clinton and John McCain. There's a signpost up ahead and it says next stop the Twilight Zone says our Thompson. But I know if I would have been on the ball, I could have read that and then the one like that. Like that, but not on the ball. Not as sharp as a mustable. And I'm just evolving into this. And this whole new deal of my life started like so after said, you know like corrupt friends and I'm going to do it my way man. Screw all those other crap. All the chazarai screw him. You know what I'm saying? No, I don't. 510 votes 1210 that's WCAU and Philadelphia baby. One of America's stations. Now what's other I used to listen to on that? They have hockey games under a Synthener basketball game. All the day man, WCKY, Louisville Kentucky, I was thinking a little bit of going to kick their hurricanes ass this week. What day is that game Saturday? Yes Saturday, 330. 330. Well what does it say? What does it tell the it starts tomorrow? I think it starts tomorrow. On 945 we love their hurricanes. They really suck. I think it starts 955 tomorrow morning. Hurricane Toggae party. That's a good idea. Well look how well it worked out the first time. It lost the FS and you and it will Bobby Bob speaking to Rednex. Now then I can go. Am I cursed down here man? Down there? Yeah. Hurricane Zuzer season opened an FSU to the much hated and dreaded FSU. And again they had like offense from a hell. Couldn't complain about the offense in that game because it wasn't any. And then the dolphins of all things just went to look like they might actually have a shot in there. Two bad intersections there in the fourth quarter by Danny's calls peppers. And what's what's going to happen when he goes down? You know, because he's always injured. He's one of those guys that's perpetual injured if it's not the need. It's the uh... Black dough lumped and else, especially with this offensive line. Oh yeah, with this offensive line man, it's going to be pretty offensive. And so what's going to happen when Joey Harrington, Joey Hezardton goes in there. Well I've said two of their sections it'll be faux. Yeah and instead of having like a uh a picture named Annabelle we're going to have like Joey Hezardton a quarter by. The biggest name. So, this challenge with this is the rock rock ball, which video 560 is you a M. The uh, doctor that performed the surgery on um Jc Lusdom. Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.A. Um, the doctor who performed the surgery, what's the thing about that? What's his name? Klein. Do you feel the doctor? Yeah. I don't know where he was. He used George Callow. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where he went. I'm not sure where he went. Did he go to Holy Cross? I don't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is that the doctors can't tell all those days. No, you're not sure. Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. Wally in the world with your QM. It's right there. Oh, no. That's I do not recognize. He's right here. Look at that. I did. Oh my face. Oh, what's this? Is that lady in the water? What? What? I don't know lady in the water. That's right. I can see he is doing the blind. Oh, you know I didn't get it. There's no checkers said it's best. No, we're not a month. That has dropped his stuff on. For that time, no longer. Go to record if you die. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a pretty old life. That's so sorry. They're in four hours. What's that? You said a bad thing. I should've gone. For the door. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I dropped here one of the top of the end. It's a time by Danielle. Really good. Good job. Go. We realize. I'm almost into a boss. You went up. Boy, I'm a lot. Oh, I knew I had no problem. Did you know we don't have a lot of work? Yeah. That was nice. This is real life. You know. Come on. We're 22 boats. One, two, two two, man. There's nothing I have a nice two, two. This is a good story from San Jose and NBC 11 viewers submitted photos of a shrimp. He said as the face of Jesus on it. Oh, my God. Right. And can't look at that. Looks like Jesus to me. Jesus Christ. Steve Fauston. El de Raro Hill said he discovered the face of few weeks ago. What had that thing with the hairpiece? That's just a beauty. And I haven't played that often enough. I forgot how funny that was. The long pause, you know, county one, two, hit the blade. Oh, yeah. Didn't work. Faust brought the shrimp at the very seafood counter to Sacramento Area Winco grocery store. He cooked the shrimp on the barbies. He steered along with the tried to him. After he, what is a try to? I can only assume it to four quid three prongs. Yeah. I'm done. Oh, after he pulled the meat from the shrimp. Oh, I see. Like a skewer. You know, he put like onion and pepper and meat in the shrimp. Like a shake. After he pulled the meat from the shrimp, he loved his charging. He tossed the tail onto a plate and didn't think much of it. Then he looked again and saw what he says is the face of Jesus Christ. He's been at back at him. It was just a really gone back into it. Fauston's going to win actually divorced and I can't even begin with an asian why said that when he saw the face, he felt relieved from all the stress. There was a sense of calm that I've never experienced before. I'm afraid. Oh, my God, he's making on Jesus again. I've heard about people receiving signs, but have never known that they would have experienced it myself until now. He said, whether believe it or not Fauston just helps the shrimp tail brings a sense of hope and smile everyone's face. Fauston has the so-called holy shrimp. He put them to the freezer and decided what he's going to do with it. But I bet you don't have to know how to use them. So I think that's what you're going to do with it. But I bet you don't have to do with it. If there's more on the listen, would you like to have a shrimp with Jesus on it? Sure. Who would that's got a listening here of other Jesus image settings? Jesus rocked for us hundreds of pilgrims. Seller C. Jesus in sheet metal, couples says fish bones, bear Jesus image, pictures of shower Jesus, sister image of Jesus in pain on the wall, pilgrims see Jesus face in an apartment window, and some see Jesus in a dental x-ray. Jesus in your teeth, baby, and you're too on it. You know, I'm going to have, I'm going to make me some of that pasta. Okay, good. Some of that look hard pasta drink. That's a blessed day. Have you had a set? Really? Yeah. Have it like, I've got a personal thing to try and eat. I bought so much of it. How about you? Good stuff. And I like to do with my slice up. I got this um, not too boss of it. Like some kind of sausage slice it up. Yeah. Put it in the sauce. Mm. And anyway, for more IDFs, they're so difficult. Sacrifice for spin. This isn't your favorite Israeli newspaper. Ha ha. Alright. Yes. Right. Former chief of staff, Moshe Yalone, Moishi, believes the Prime Minister and Chief of Staff of Israel should resign and the Defense Minister should be replaced for mismatter than the war on Lebanon. He says soldiers were sacrificed for spin. Speaking of exclusive interview with our rest, which would be post in tomorrow's magazine, Yalone condemned the decision to launch the ground operation at the end of the war, in which 33 soldiers died. That was a spin move Yalone said, and had no substantive security political goal, only a spin goal. It was meant to supply the missing victory picture. You don't do that. You don't send soldiers out to carry out a few-old mission after the political outcome has already been said. I consider that corrupt. He said. He said the chief of staff failed in the management of the war. He gave the political echelon the feeling he had the capability which in practice he did not have to bring about a political achievement by means of an extremely aggressive military operation. He entered the war without defining it as a war and maybe without understanding that it was a war, he didn't understand the implications of the measures he himself adopted. He didn't mobilize the reserves in time. He didn't open the emergency depots in time. Didn't activate the Hikaman base. He managed the war from his office. He imposed missions such as Benchibel without any discussion and without consulting with the command about the consequences and implications. He created lack of clarity that rattled the forces in the field caused a loss of trust and generated chaos. He didn't give the command as a north backing. He didn't build a structure that would help him overcome his weakness in the land sphere. He managed the campaign arrogantly and shallowly and should have resigned immediately after the conclusion of the campaign. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a great country. The United States is a Great country.見て...ju...my queen...God... Oh our home and meeting higher為 Oh- dei-uisin strong I restan no fight Were take joys of these And were taking joys of them I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little bit scared of the voice. I'm a little scared of the voice. I'm like a little bit scared of the voice in my heart, I'm like a little bit scared of the voice. But anyway, John, and Eli, thank you, Jon, faxess, and said, and see this is great. Now we could get it all in for. On the fax my sheen man, I like fax is much better in court or email. I'll put it up in central because with the fax says, I mean, you look at it, and it's either worse a little bit of a cause to go through a 200 to get one for me. It's not worth the effort. You know, waste too much time. I put that bit, it'll call right If a little bit we had that. Yeah, right. John and Eli says a trytip and you are really boy who were right on the you were only about four million miles away a try tip or try and go to visit special cut of beef which is popular for barbecue and here in Southern California who's John and I like thank you John enjoy your meat. That's something we learned and look look at the stuff we learned on his show man it's education let's just about a bunch of stupid ball games and sweaty guys who take showers together and then check how they tell their privates I mean what that was that it sounds awfully yeah to me what would I know about that exactly nothing nothing something or someone you don't ever want to hear any more about you just can't handle it no more you reach a saturation point with parasolton man she's killing the competition 238 the war on terror 156 when how does it start already Tom Cruise 149 you know if that's like it's like a war on happiness right it's like I like a war on anger oh what's the war on violence oh we don't want to do that I would want to change the ultra the world we use violence may get rid of the violence George W. Bush 120 don't be anti-American again now you anti-Somantic give you baby Siri 120 John Mark car 110 not for them fruit cake 9 1184 very boss see the big drop off after 9 11 very button that means that the rest of these they can't get off about very bonds 43 okay we will place more very bonds bits pistachio more Howard David 34 last time been uping the mobots today and also had it the bald spot call it that was great I mean talk of dumb I hate this pool 31 only 2.4 percent thank God we finally pleased them a little bit you know there's so to Israel 26 so they want to hear lot more about Israel and I'm certainly gonna I'll be more in heaven like the thing they were about mochi puppet whatever is they want in her are and your are and quote 9 she's not to an early as well as I thought she would Nancy Grace 7 hmm you're saying so in other words the people on the bottom I see this is backwards oh speaking her Nancy Grace I check that email oh don't tell me she's on I oh no let's see if you do an email Nancy Grace 7 or I 7 and Brad Prince 7 email let me see if the Josh's email ever came through with a picture because I start once it oh okay say it's loading it's loading it's cooking it's thinking about it she I do the windows live mail now it's so that I'm just a couple of seconds but it there's nothing there oh no you got the source but no it must be on your way and I get all my look at all the other ones I got Tom to paint that convillage voice newsletter inside radio it's the most of that move on dot org and I'm Ruben Ruben Ruben I've been thinking that your emails are really sticking I mean what's the story man I don't I'm not getting stuff maybe maybe hotmail blows is that possible it's possible I've never used it so why don't you try sending it to me on the Yahoo one okay I mean if it first that you don't succeed just get up and walk out public school students don't need to go to church on Sunday for a strong dose of religion says this article in some cases according to a new study they just have to show up for class a year long investigation by the Austin based Texas Freedom Network found that the majority of Bible courses offered as electives in the state's high schools our devotional and sectarian nature and not academic is required by a host of rulings from the west of cream court on down with a few notable exceptions the public school courses currently taught in Texas often fail to meet minimal academic standards for teacher qualifications corrective an academic rigor promote one faith perspective over all others and push an ideological agenda that is hostile religious freedom science and public education states this study which is being made public today what a surprise the 76 page reports had a reading writing and religion teaching the Bible in Texas public schools is one of the most ambitious looks so far Bible courses that have sprouted in the nation public high schools next thing it ought to be bringing in Jesus the shrimp for Jesus on a Jesus Christ on shrimp shrimp boats the report was enjoyed ever by Mark Chancier biblical studies professor at SMU and the education fundamentally Texas Freedom Network a group that works to counter the religious right the report was endorsed by at least eight mostly religion scholars from around the country what are how father drylands doing she still lie I just haven't my show all the time Robert dryland he was great was it from Boston a liberal Catholic pre-remember father dryland though oh man he used to just rip the church and ask the public horse you know the slab on a slime yeah the findings are sure to be a night debate on church state boundaries as officials of some districts vibe is thick with their Bible courses as is regardless of outside criticism of love reduction if you use them with the facts and certainly don't confuse them with the law when you stop asking the same question said Mike at Kinspurson for the actor independent school district which includes a city of Odessa which is your end of the Bible elected based on the must dispute a national council and Bible curriculum and public schools work comfortable with a curriculum you said I've ordered first years of our de-arguments in other words we don't care screw you guys we're good religious folks so screw you and of course if you read the Bible it looks like that's what they spent most of their time to the biggest day so this talent for this system we will Rogers for Shwitio 560 it's day by and each of five six oh I'm gonna at least is at a level not seen there in decades is real is bowing to crush the militia called has balah they have bombed the home and headquarters of the leader of has balah sai and has saunas rolla says his group is ready for open war with his lead that's all is a war is which that's out for the one fat down in the middle for a big episode while artillery intensive one Greetings to all the We're terrified she says we're suffering we're now is to change and believe in news. Police, the Lebanese army agreed to police the border. It didn't. This baller moved in without the 13,000 rockets aimed at Israel. Bye bye bye!