Fly the free fairfield, alright! I'm dreaming of a white neighbor Just like the ones I used to know Where the longs were trimmed And cars had rims, and it seemed so very long ago I'm dreaming of a white neighbor With every force inside I'm right May your days be merry and bright And may all we own new neighbors Be white That's probably what my creatures think it's too, and it's so great I'm not worried about it And why not? I'm going to send out two, and I'm very Christmas happy new year Let's get it over with already Wow We've got a lot of stuff today, I don't know what we've got left over after yesterday How many bits we've got left that we can still play I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit We'll interject a couple of them We only need three more friends in my space to get to 900 We'll have a question We'll happen today during the show Better because I know George isn't going to mess with it much next week Unless they're going to roll up a big fat one for George He don't want to even know from them 897 friends we got on my space I don't think anybody could have ever dreamed And they're wildest imagination That I'm sure like this on a funny dirty old fart show See that's what they're always saying across the street While those guys have an air, it's the old station They're all 100 years old We've got numbers over here and we're making a lot of money We're not spending millions to put the freaking dolphins on here With the Jimmy Siffles, I mean just terminal comb and do some cramp But nevertheless, nice job said He'll be back in the arc in no time So anyway, if we got three people out there on my space Maybe just spread the word Here's our poll from yesterday How stressed out are you with this time of the year? 1482, well it was a fine year, 10 years before Columbus had sailed etc How stressed out are you with this time of year? This is again, I apologize for that poll, but I think we made up for today though Yeah, we did You're so excited about your way down there near the bottom of the poll Wow, you know, you're way down there man When you get down there with him man, and you really rock bottom How stressed out are you with this time of year? We asked yesterday not much, 287, somewhat 280 What me worry, 232, a lot, stressed out a lot, 225 Not at all 222, he's your fault, let's say Big time, that's so I'm having a nervous breakdown, 176 And I hate this poll, only 64% are a really garbage poll So maybe just starting to feel the generosity of the holidays You think that, do you think that could be it? No, not in South Florida, so that's what we had yesterday at a 1482 votes Don travel, it's time a little bit of a running Oh no, learn the spell, I'm learning the drink with Don Trail There's a good bit for you, Brian Well I see it didn't take too long for chicken, I could get that check, I said I'm in man Between you and chicken, that when you guys get a check for me man They're in the bank before the envelope is completely open Damn right Brother, well that's because their friend I'm gonna give my money all the way to like, strange stuff like that Florida Marlon's picture, Don Trail will us was arrested early the day on suspicion of drug and driving Police said, officer started to start to get out of his black Bentley Around 430 this morning and you were in eight in the street Police folks been Bobby Hernandez said He did a little pee in the street The officer is then approached in other signs of intoxication arrested And this said, we'll us 24 refusive threats at the police station has been transported to the county jail Marlon's officials did not immediately return and message to the newspapers Well, and goes on about his record last year, he was 12 and 12 He was the working in the year in 2003, but it would be pretty moving That's it, very short and sweet right at the board, learn to drink the drink right now Well, he's no Peter Warwell, I'll tell you that Well next time you just don't pee in the street, you know Yeah, don't pee in the street, that's a good idea All you people are going to be drunk do not pee in the street and don't keep running away and change your dresser If I want to see there if you have a DUI, it's not that big of a damn thing I don't respect that, I don't like people drinking drive And I'll threat to all the rest of our safety, that's another reason I love being here I don't have a car here, I don't keep my cars, you know Well, you don't do drank and either, and I don't drink, I can't drink And even if I even have a worn diabetic, I've not drink her anyway I mean, you know, my college days, well, I could put it away, no problem at all I could drink you out of the table, even though you don't believe that There's big half gallons of mice to brown, wow We used to just, that's all I think we did it, Michigan State was drink I drank, oh, guys do another thing, but I, you know, if I had to do it over again Like I said, yeah, we're not talking the other day about all the other guys in my dorm I think I was, I think they put me in the ugly dorm, maybe that was a safer thing Probably a good idea Here's today's pool I was going to tell you, see your sleepin, you know, you know, no, I listen, don't even start I got, I got big goal right in front of me, man Oh, dude, I didn't say no, you're going Now you're not, you do know where I'm going with this? I don't, but I know that you were going to say, well, why didn't you remind me so Yeah, and what do you think it is? I'm going to go with it, something to do with my space Well, only indirectly Oh, no, it's gotten up to do with her I mean, I don't, I'll never know if that's real or imaginary It's a fine fantasy, okay, and you people with a my space thing, there are a lot of fine fantasies I'm not that an old fart like me, I'm just getting my toes wet with that whole my space thing, just my toes Right, and the potential I see on there, when that guy said the crack cocaine of the internet That's not even close to describing what a potential he can be I mean, who the hell though is, you know, you're looking at something and who knows if it's really that person or if it's so, you know, it's just amazing But anyway No, do I dare tell you what it is because you'll laugh your ass off and then I'll have to be in embarrassment the whole of time on vacation Like I said, I'm ready Well, you were close, my goal, I mean, it's not like a life goal like to make $50 million or something like that Or to meet the rich and famous or whatever your goal is But I just just called Tommy Stubbins, in fact, the two S is stupid and stubborn, okay, they go hand in hand And I and this is probably as long of a shot, I don't think it's gonna happen But just out of stubbornness after all that crap, I went through, you know, for those couple of weeks and I getting a little long down by the nose And I still don't know why I don't know why I get a lot of myself to get so historical and emotional about somebody I barely even know My goal is that sometimes before I croak That I'm gonna get either an email I'm likely a phone call, it takes balls to make a phone call and email would be okay from that person from Jacob I know I realize it's just called being stubborn I don't know just either an apology or just to marry Christmas have a great life, get lost, you old queen or just anything Would pass to find me and of course I'm sure that we have people on a mice face thing since he's running the hiding on air He's got his pro-balset to private, I can't get through to him, which is fine I don't even say anymore apologetic or psychotic message I think this is a bad news for you buddy, what do you mean by that? I think this is a flashing sign of you haven't gotten over this thing No, no, no, no, no, no, that's not known that you're wrong about that No, I'm moving on to a bigger and better thing No, not that Seriously, you're wrong about that, but it is just stupid, it's just called stubbornness, that's all I mean, wouldn't you think just out of natural curiosity? You I mean, why would anybody go driving so deep in a hiding? Look at that friend request, we may be getting to our 900 before you know it And I'm going to play all bits today, let's see who's this group of Jim Let me take, you know what I do on these? Jim is 24 years old, he's in Crete, Illinois, he's not a Cretan, though I don't think he looks like a guy That's like kind of a human looking guy So I'm approving him, that means 898, this is great We can have 900 before and then I just get out of here Because I'm going to go to woodbind today, you know, it's going to be pretty, everybody's going to be shopping like crazy people today Not be a good day to be thinking about anything other than going to woodbind Now I don't think it'll be very busy there either because everybody's going to be off shopping And they don't want to plunge away their money Now who the hell did I get a message from about, oh my buddy up at FSU, what's up with his name? My buddy, and I thought my imaginary friend Mike You know, it's fun, it can be fun I don't mind, I mean, you know, this is the one thing I will say is that Over the years we never gave an email address because I don't want to be inundated And I don't know, answer emails for 80's and in people out there But so far we haven't been like inundated with messages And that's why I'm taking the time to like just a quick note back to whoever might be Right, you know, you get a little picture, you know, you get a little profile That's it, of course, I don't know if that's the real picture if they look like Robert Greeper and Gilbert, but nevertheless Of course, some people may be more than one message, but that's another story Okay, so here's our poll today, see you interrupted me So in other words, you think that I'm foolish, well forget about that, you think I'm foolish period and with good reason But what's your, what would you say the odds are that ever happening other any circumstances? Give, you know, given the circumstances of how this whole happened, I'd say they're not very good Yeah, I don't know, I don't mean like right now, now that all the hysteria is still I mean when all the smoke clears right We'll see, only time will tell I see, okay, and that's that's a good safe bed What do you don't gamble good thing you don't gamble away your money, man, and I'll be oh that's so I started to say My kid FSU who's a 20 year old guy after he's told me that the slots are I have crap See, listen, all you people and food in my friend Harry and Detroit, you do with your money whatever you want to do with it Okay, one thing about me, I don't tell people how to lift their lives That's not part of my DNA's philosophy, in other words, as long as you don't hurt anybody, just have a good time Enjoy life, whatever whatever it does it for you And I enjoy going and you know, and every now and then I get lucky and this business about all the probabilities See, I found out an interesting thing That time I still want to get a PO and I called that guy from the gaming commission whatever it is I remember and I had that long conversation, I was pretty, uh, PO about it And he's playing to me that that those percentages that's over the life of the program of the machine mine So if it says it pays on 97% or 90% that's over like could be year and a half So that might mean the machine like you'd hotter and hell for a couple of days and it might be colder for two, three weeks from month cold as ice But anyway, in addition to his three best friends should who should kneel and do his will Well, probably I'll put nobody on there, don't you think yes for the sun fair to my reading Close good the personal friends who are like you know great friends Uh, nobody is good to it anyway so far George is kicking ass By 24 and of course that's right. I'm gonna leave George a little something in there few bucks Or maybe more like he looks seriously I appreciate George very much, but again Keep it perspective and me me meaning whoever is doing the voting on it me leave me some money 273 no chance Send me a picture. I hate this pool 93 10 and a half percent. I don't understand that especially a couple days before Christmas and right in the middle of Chinooka man. That's bad I hate this pool stop when I hate you people and stop for a stop with a hate. I hate when I see that Aha has got 72. Huh, right. Oh, yeah Boca Brian 65 Brady quit look how many Brady's got He's gonna need my money. Okay. He's not gonna need no help for me that young man Josh court is you only got 19 and the only person you're beating out is Jacob was got two votes And I'm sure it's his two brothers probably voted for He wouldn't do it because then he turned around and say well, I already turned it on on that way. Whatever you want to say Wow, hiding man. He's in hiding. He's a hundred and seventy eight votes So you're not doing all that great so far damn now. Do you really think I'm gonna let the audience influence my opinion here? No hope You're hoping no he's got a fingers and eyes and legs cross Sports radio 560 But while Friday you best is You Trace my Life is in set because The empty holes walk around in way it can't undo it. In so long as it's empty, a little stress, Life's beginning, it holds me so tight, Like it comes at night, walking out and with it's underwear. In the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am a people I know. He's say, I'm ready, we'll say, Whoa, man, let's take a picture of the white, is out again. I'll make it run, if you want, we can trade it. Sight my daughter, put on some ice shake And join up our rain, walking out and with it's underwear. Thanks to fans, it's sad, it's sad. We're nation, we're everywhere close, still empty, cold. Walking out and with it's underwear. Walking out and with it's underwear. Walking out and with it's underwear. 10.25.60. W.2.A.M. What have we got in the agenda today? We got Geldey. Oh, my God, who doesn't pembrepine? So be speaking for two hours, it's afternoon 2 to 4 for the Ahmed dog. The humper is on the solo and I power our 4 to 5 because we got no mad dog. Then we got humper 5 to 7 and then the B7 to 10 followed by the last education. I guess it is the last. I'm going to never got any update on that. Huh? I guess it is. That quite a story last night. I think it was on brand Williams. NBC, I don't want to go into a whole song in the dance about it. Christian Gain leaves behind the pile of course corpses. Here's all story on this American champ. It'll be on, you'll put it on for tomorrow. Matt Taibi, who writes for Rolling Stone. It's much too long to read. I don't want to read a whole bunch of long stuff today because I promised it was going to play the whole rack all day and you know what I'm not doing that. That would be a cop out to do all four hours with that wouldn't it? Yes it would. I mean it would be smart and obviously as you've seen these last two weeks, I'm not always smart. 900 and six votes on the pull by the way and nobody in Jacob are tied with two votes a piece of lies placed. And you've got them beat out. You've got nobody in Jacob beat out. You've got 19. Hurray. But even Brady Quinn's got 32. He's way ahead of you. I don't know why he put him on there. I guess just as. Yeah. Just as kind of an emotional thing. Yeah, somebody we know you'd like to. You don't need my money man. He's going to make millions. No question about that. Right. He's not going to be that good of a player but yeah, he's going to make some money. What do you say that? I genuinely don't think he's going to be that good in the NFL. I'm sorry. Maybe I'm based on the deals that way. Face time what? I don't know. He's never really want a big game in college. I don't think he's that great. I think he's great. Yeah, I'm sure you do. Yeah. He's no. I don't think he's. Who is? Anyway, can I just give you a little bit on this? I don't want to read the whole thing. Eternal forces allows you to command the tribulation force. Uncover the truth about worldwide disappearances and save as many people as possible from the anti-Christ. Here's a new video game. Leave the tribulation force from the book series including Rayford, Chloe, Buck and Bruce against. Nikolai, Capacarpathy are the anti-Christ. The fan yourself from the forces of the anti-Christ engage in physical and spiritual warfare. Use prayer and special abilities to boost the spirit of your forces. Command over 30. But third man. Unit types two dozen missions that online play a reaction defend against the spiritual influences of physical warfare of the anti-Christ army through the power of prayer and worship. Left behind that's the eternal game forces game synopsis. So he writes it's been a long time coming but this week I finally received the Christmas gift that we're waiting for for what seems like ages. I left behind eternal forces video game. This is the first Christmas gift I've ever bought for myself. Normally I hate Christmas in fact I may get a point of nature to search out and print out all the news stories from around the world involving thefts from and desecrations of nativity scenes. But I'm finished. I've passed to my office area with all the photos of the glum-year-old tighter standing around the now headless Joseph Sinneries and I make this news mirror on my private sanctuary. The place I want to win the holidays and especially the holiday commercials get to me too much to take. And he goes on about the blind Jesus with his eyes poked out and in Montreal. The activity scene where he was boosted the baby Jesus and they never recovered the body and they had an anchor Jesus to his cradle this year. And this past weekend, bandits thought off legs of several of the wisemen at the knees now they're still wise but about 30% of the person said shorter. Lies of a shorter and some of the huge property West figures also had their eyes poked out. And he goes on a, and this is a new violent video game but it's so religious. That is too funny. Can you play as the anti-Christ army? You know you've been watching. You're not doing really well. I would get it if you better hope that I stick around long enough to reconsider all this to re-evaluate. I hope especially when you told me that that was an unrealistic goal. You know, maybe old Joe, you know, maybe Jake is actually neighbor. We'll get to him and say, you know why? Why not show a little bit of something, you know? Yeah. Well, some of the old men in the nice, nice, no, we're a hateful note. Something just to come around and pacify him and just, you know, as a closing chapter and every other we have to show that you did. But we'll see and maybe not. Because the one thing about the mice face thing and maybe I'm wrong about this is I get the feeling that, Well, I mean, you know, let's face it. Oh, and I didn't mention we got 89. There was another one during the break. Oh, really? Yeah, cute. What the heck was her name? Let's see. Let's see who it was. Cute, uh, chicken, a pepper pines. I think for what her name was. But she's already all right, editor. So we got 89. All we need is one mole. One mole, my space, friend of we got 900. Going into the, uh, my nice vacation come out. That would be a real feather in my cap wouldn't. Why don't I, what was stupid expression is feathering your cap? What does that mean? Huh? I don't know. I don't know. I can understand that with the Indians, you know, something like that. A feather in their headress. The only person I've ever met that says that. Get outta here. Oh, Google it. Just go with it. I'm not saying I haven't heard it before, but you're the only person that actually uses it. Why use it so, casterly? I know. Like everything else I say. I'm caster. I'm a caster gold bastard and I love it. And they might only get two freaking bad, but happy holidays to anyway. 923 votes. In addition to his best three friends, who should need a leave, uh, add to his will, who wants to owe that money? A little something something. George 342, me, meaning the person out there responding to 83. How cheap. Um, I hate this pool 98, 10.5% really wicked evil. Huh? He's a well. Uh, 75 real or imaginary. You know, let me ask you this. See, I'm putting you on the spot. And again, your opinions mean. Precipidians are like, ahols, everybody's got one, you know. Right. Uh, do you think you're going to heal me back? Who the, the hockey? Huh? Uh, think you'll be back? Uh, I don't know. I mean, you guys got a lot of messages out to you. Yeah. They're maybe he does. He has nothing else to say. No, no. I don't mean like right now. I'm not going to start getting push you again. I discovered what that does. People get all antsy. Okay. I answer your messages right away. I got, I got the new jobs to get new affo numbers to hook up. What do you think? Um, I'm going to go with yes. Okay. Well, that's good. And I see that now you moved up a notch or two of my opinion. Boca Brian 68. He'll, I'll even roll some and he'll catch it immediately. A Brady Quinn 32. I wish I shouldn't have put that on or it's just stupid. But I, it makes me happy. Josh has got 19. You only got 19. You're not going anywhere. Nobody for and Jacob is still in his two brothers. I guess only solamente dose. A real dose. I'm not surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I got a new job to go. I'm a senior broider and goal. It's your info. I wear it everywhere. I go round the other A.D. A. They don't know what to say. It's something to say. You're sure. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. I'm surprised by his two brothers. All the other boys are over time. Baby, all the best boys. This year, I saw all the religious trappings. Of course, none of the other, they're Hanukkah or Christmas. It's very much to do with religion and all anymore. We've got nine old one now on our ice-face page. I bet you never dreamed I could do this. If I would have f**ked, I can't stand people who would have said, who to f**ked? I hate that. What if most of the knowing of Christians? Crazy people say that. Who to f**ked? Nine hundred and one. If I were to push this about a month or two ago, we could have a thousand by the end of the year. I mean, I could have a thousand. Right. Let's George has a wild time next week. We're not going to get no thousand. No, I don't. We could have done it. Yeah, we could have f**ked. It's just that you and the Galer Sonegu, think in that this old fart. My space is a place where young living and breathing people are. Yeah, that's it. People are like, and like that. So we got John and Vegas, Will and Stemin. There's a Stemin. It's got an interesting picture. He's like naked on the beach from about 100 miles away. He's a 47-year-old guy. He's a covering his private with his hands. It's a music. Stemin. Of course, if you had a name like that, you'd be a little strange to Vegas. 901, huh? Of course, if you had a name like, huh? You'd be mysterious as well, I guess. In addition to his three best friends, who should Neil add to his will? 950 votes. We're going to have a thousand. Maybe I'll have the top of the hour. Pretty good on the 20-secondary December. WQA and hello. Hi, boys. Getting back to the appool. George has got 352, me, 291, meaning whoever you are out there who wants my money and you can't have it. I hate this full 101. Down to 10.5% making a little progress there, not much. Look who's got 77 votes. Huh? He's doing well. And rightfully so. Book of Brian 69. Brady Quinn 33. You're still only got 19, Josh. I'll be damned. Wow, nobody's moving up fast seven, which is a pretty good thinking. And Jake has still only got a small pair. Only two out of 953 votes. He's not doing well. Same. You noticed the one call we had there. I wasn't playing that taking any, but I did see that line flashing. You know, me being impulsive being a holiday's another well. Let's just give it a shot. You know, maybe it's something that somebody wants to hear, but I doubt it. And it wasn't. But nevertheless. Eight Marines were charged yesterday to killings at 24. Racky civilians last year, during a bloody door to door sweep in the town of Haditha. That came after one of their comrades was killed by Rootside Bomb. They were pissed off and fired up so they decided, kill some people and they did. In the biggest US criminal case involving civilian deaths to come out of the Iraq War so far for the Marines, all enlisted men, were charged with unpeamed and hated murder. The other four were officers who were not there during the killings, but were accused of figures investigating and reporting to this. The most serious charges were brought against that Sergeant Frank Woodreck, a 26 year old squad leader accused of murdering 12 civilians in order to murder his six more and set a house third by his squad. He was accused of telling his men, shoot first, ask questions later. That's not good to have you in morbid here on the Christmas weekend, right? Keep it right, real, keep it right. Okay, whatever you say, keep it right. Remember that guy, that guy is long since dead. Here it is. March 101 will be 31 years of it on the air, and I don't know if it's still around by then. And I just stop and think back to a lot of the really nasty, hateful people over the years. I'm not sure if it's still around by then. And I just stop and think back to a lot of the really nasty, hateful people over the years. I mean, I've been a lot of nice people too, but the ones that stand out in your mind are like, the hateful ones. Of course, the ones that wish that you would croak, that wish you all, you would fail and hate you like poison, because for whatever reason, you know, because they just probably hate everybody. And the interesting part of it is that most of those people are pushing up daisy now. KAT, very early on. I just started my show on this old, old, cog, of course, all of our listeners were, you know, death plus 100. That was our median demographic. And he calls up one day, isn't it? KAT, right, they all keep it right. I'm not sure he's lost that little. Yeah, just like that, real ancient. KAT, right. And of course, he was one of only 80's in and people over the years who've given me instructions of how to do the show, what to talk about, how to talk about it, and all of these, all of these things. And I joined a parents on Good Morning, a mayor for yesterday, former president Bush 41, joked to actor George Clooney about Britney Spears underwear problem. Oh my God. Bush, you're also said he was embarrassed about crying during his speech about his son, the geeter, fat as Jeff. And dismissed, first lady Laura Bush's skin cancer skiers only a little thing on her leg. KAT, got a great line for that. Wow. How did he QA in? Hello. How are you? How are you? How are you? Yeah. And I should leave Alice in my will. Yeah, I'll just rent her. Like we story. Or maybe he was just in for self-hating queens that pull her take a next week. Alice, how are you? Come on, QA, I'm hello. Okay. Now actually, that's the best of the three so far right there. No doubt about it. This one might be a real call of what I doubted. I made it. Wow. Whoa. Man. And if you had this, so W is not W, the George Herbert walked. They're all the same to me. All of them are thieves and dumbos and crooks, dangerous, dangerous. The dangerous Bush clan. And as far as all this Trump and Rosie stuff, I don't, you know, as they say in Norway, Hubsan Dred, you know, I don't care about either one of them. I can't stand either one of those people. He is right. I will say that. She's a pigface, you know. They said something like that. And he says, I'm worth billions dollars. I have to listen to this fat slob and he, if she walks in from being a moral authority, because of all those hankies, fanky and all his wife and after wives and extra kids, all those other crappies have been doing. And of course, the bad here, the comb over she called it. That purple wig man, it left me in a purple haze. I'm telling Jimmy Hendrix is well over his grave right now. See, again, it's worth billions of dollars with, you know, when you think that he goes, he took out the area, you know, something sensible. When you got that kind of money, he's like, I would put him in a category with mal. Oh, don't, don't, don't. He's a bad piece. Wow. First he had that orange that kind of cartoon character, orange color one. And now he's got the purple one. 1963 and a pool and yours still stuck on 19 and Jacob just moved up and off. He's up to three. So I guess we can assume he's voted now. The biggest name, so best challenge to the faces. We'll rock your sports video, 50. You'll find 60. You'll be there. New York. Yeah. I've got a good of direct administration. Join the investigation of the E.C.O.I. outbreak at Taco Bell. No, it was on the E.C.O.I. outbreak. The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell. Well, I drove down to get a big bull. I've been the reason. I've talked about what's calling now to me. Don't felt like I was shot with a toy for me. Don't. And then I got explosive number three. Oh, they're my thru-off. I love them all with all trees. And my thru-off. If I dream to my knees. I was a knee. Playing beside my toy. And my thru-off. I've got a good ball to go over. Oh, glad I'm so sick. You're not as sick as I am. My stick of the view. And why's the ball again? You may be down. Or look at me. You can see stuff. I was 12 pounds in three hours. Oh, that's bad. You know what, you can see my spawning. Oh, that's a lot of it's point. You go home. No, watch out. I get the maximum part. No, don't make me get out of the way. I'm so tired. You don't make me deserve my new show. I'm so proud. Three, four, one, go. I'm the cramps where all the world is. But my proud, my am so rich. I was weak. With case of the ugly girl. And on my tongue, my started growing. A long, long time ago. Oh, he was 1900. And Jesse Hems was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they party like it was 1890 nine. The war events that made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step. I can't remember each event. Or everything that man did invent. A century we will present. This is how it went. My, my how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they put in their blade into light. And the star of Brady, yo. Signed for it had his mother's name. And want to theory and max blank. And the Titanic, that story. We all know. Well, World War One, it soon began with shooting off. Two Francis Bird and then. Million side from the blue. And where's the kid was friend to? And then brought Shahaddish feather Lucien. Panama, connect it both of the oceans. And now for these we won't see again. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my eye. Have the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. And now for that his family to the team. They've mass produced a new model team. And the bird landed in Paris. Then some old deep red dead panda sail in Wall Street. And the great deep fashion that women would vote like you and me. And Germany's chancellor was sworn in. And World War Two it soon began. Major were sovereign land. The project minutes and the pollution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first look at TV. Then the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. And the day that lives in him for me. But I'm starting with the TV ins Jen. But I'm what in the hauwling call? In Russia no one did the cross. And Germany they find the loss. Discovered the horrors of the Holocropolis? Oh. That man little boy ignored the gate. She's our world on that very day. day. Me though had just begun. And trying to move by, not sing, turn. The first player in baseball that was black. Is we held up there, homeland back. Massachusetts, like the Jack, your home. Tridious, gone by. And we were singing in my mind. I have a time to defy since it started something for it. Many tears would defy. For the sense you'll read, it's time that we say goodbye and all happened in the blink of an eye. On hundred years have gone by. Separate, but eat, or make such a fuss. Of course, it's too tight when on the bus. Only your cured with the vaccine. Then my shots get us big time with spotting Nick. Our troops into the re-aquette discovered. The double, he looks skinny. Oh, jam, can't let us wait too soon. But promise to get us all to the moon. You're the first and space. Can't the pill we've did it race. And the ranchers have been climbed into the night. Cuba's missile gave us quite a fright. But selfish nature is on new fight. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my mind. I have a used-ed advice. Since it started something for the man he cheesey to cry. For the sense you'll read, it's time that we say goodbye and all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Neils giant step was the big news. Rovers sway gave women right to choose. Nixon resigns about water gates. All right. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostage taken by Iran. And a virus made us too scared to go deet. Access to babies held the loft. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin Wall gets broken. The US is our sad goodbye. Some students in China, they detry. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. What do they do? They do. They do. They do. Wow. I think I could play that three more times. I do like that. I don't have time to play it. How long was that? But I was just how long is it? I think it's a little personal. Eight nineteen even it's nineteen. Wow. It's one of those like MacArthur Park, like one, you know, when you got to go take a choice. You put that on. Nine, nine, eight and a pull. It would be really great. Nine, nine, nine, eight and a one more photo a thousand. Wow. Totally moly. I got an update on the downtracking a more lengthy story. Druck and drive in for down trail. Let's see. They saw him disembark a 2007 black suit or Bentley on the 1200 black Washington Avenue. He left the vehicle double parked and you were in it on the street before getting back behind the wheel. I had it take a little look and a leak. That's right. They said he was only able to produce vehicle registration when asked for his driving documents and then we forced it in order to hear appeared confused and disoriented and had bloodshot water where I slurred speech and a strong odor of booms, baby booze. He failed. This is how field sobriety test later refused to breath test. Ultimately, he rested and transported a date kind of jail where he's being $100,000 by. Marlon said no comment. But a beep by the boot put above. Two months ago, the human is wife, Natalie, the tag we onel purchased a $2.65 million water for residents and run by the beep by the way speaking of how he beats his a phony anonymous person. See, I don't put anonymous friends on there on our my space page. Do you think it's a good idea? Well, that'll get you $1,000 quicker. $1,000 was. $1,000 friends. I don't want anonymous. I won't put them on. I won't put miners on there with a one exception. He's getting close to a legal age. I'm not a bad guy. $1,000 votes on the pool. All right. And Jacob got four, which means he must be voting a lot. He's tapping it up. And $9,000 on our friends. No, you think I should put anonymous people on there on a my space? No. Get out of town Jose, man. Get cereal. The one that's coming along my accent went to the former S.U.M. So I'm going to check for a treat on my residence. Not the fact that she knew idiot. I'm seeding like a wise Christian. I'll pat the Jews and give home home. I'd love to very close rise to the very... You fair who don't know the Bible like I know. I'm seeding like a wise Christian. And how we almost think and act alike and act their faith whenever it's appropriate. The old women, they want their clothes. Everybody in the world was wise and Christian. And look at the same and said the same things. Boring, I don't think so. No. To me, that would be paradise and the Republican way. I'm seeding like a wise Christian. And how we almost think and act alike and act their faith. All the games black and give long must die. All the joy to everybody's Christian. And what? Oh, hold it right there, Mr. There's better crime. That's right. We're like Christmas bullies. And all, only dating, actually, but give a time. Haven't tried to change the subject, Bustin. There's been a series of breaking and entering. We want to find out what you know about it. Well, was the night before Christmas? No, through the town. Now that creature was stirring. Some bearded fat clown. Senaclaws? Also known as Nick the Saints? Also known as Chris the Kringle. Well, rather than. Sounds like some canis on that hippie. And I'll bet you, or one of us help or something. Okay, Joe, cup him. All right, you've got the right to have a Merry Christmas. And you've got the right to have a Merry Christmas. Have you stand and earn this until a pair of lips? Cam and will be held against you. What you've just heard is true. If you shouldn't count that anyone with visions of sugar plums dancing in their heads, report them immediately to the Christmas police. Let it away in at 5.6. You'd be a QM and by the way, Fat Boy or PD Lenny or whichever former QM sales hole is anonymous. They're on a mice base. So they're whipped up about the fact that the facts, the one that's sitting in there with you, that no, the facts isn't working which it hasn't for three days. Right? Right. As if we didn't know that? Well, I'm not getting anything either. No, because it doesn't work. It's messed up. Or maybe you want to reboot it, reset it, or maybe the line is dead. I already know. I mean, you did what? You rebooted it, rebooted it, and it's dead. Because mine here is working just fine. Like as usual, it's just stuff there that's all screwed up. Anyway, this particular person must be somebody who's, it's got to be. Because they also have the number here, because they were the ones that were trying to facts me something here. I'm a regular phone, which is not connected to a facts. I mean, you know who it is. You know who it is. Fat boy. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you really hear from me, you fat boy, okay? Go away, or it could be PD-Lenny, you never know. Or it could be a, some other, Schmindrich. Anyway, there's a thousand and twenty-one votes on a poll. Not to be a 920, friends and mice base. Wow. And that impressive? I'll say. Yeah, you will say, because you're not going anywhere on our poll. You have it. You haven't moved since I sat out this morning. You haven't moved one vote. Oh man. What am I doing wrong? You just, I don't know. They just not too crazy about you. An addition to his three best friends, who should kneel, add to his will. Who should kneel, leave his trillions of dollars to? George, free 72. Me, meaning the person casting the vote, free Britain 17. Now, Jack. I hate this pull 105. That would 10.2%. If we get an under 10% I'll feel like I'm going to have a happy holiday. Do you believe me? No. Huh? He's doing well. Huh? He's got 82. Oh, brother. See, the whole thing. I mean, I went through this couple of weeks with somebody. I actually know exist playing with my mind. Now, I've got somebody I don't even know is for real. I mean, the pictures of a real person, you know, but that is me and it. And that's playing a little with my mind. Although not much. Not the same category. You know, it's just a fun, right? Right. Just for fun. Anyway, whoever it is, I'd sure. I'd sure like to fight out. Anyway, Boca Brands got 71. Brady Quinn 37. He doesn't need my money or your money, anybody else's. And in spite of what Josh says, that's why they're not getting a lot of votes for you because you're so Negatory. I'm not, Negatory. Negative. Brady Quinn's not going to make it in the NFL. He's going to be big. Yeah. Brady Quinn 37. Josh, court is 19. You have it moved one vote. You're not making any progress. Nobody's got 15. And Jacob's all the way up to five. Wow. Not exciting. That was in 23 votes. Yeah, it's a much better poll than a piece of crap we had yesterday, which we have Paul and Josh profusely. And guess what? What? Your facts line ain't worth it. The biggest name. So, for us and now, in the midst of the old rotors, for Shridio 560, you ain't in. You bastard. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, it's a holiday. What do you expect? They don't like grading on. Oh, friends. You have it done as cold. Who think I thought to get real drunk? On the highway, she's worth two and four. While the silence grey on the day old. So, the justice thing I say in advance. You see a feeling run real fast. She goes to smoke up the gun, jump, get on the arrest up. And it goes in a long day you might. Do you mind? Do you mind? Do you mind? Do you mind? Do you mind? Do you mind? It goes to that could be. But again, I'll just give you a hand. Do you mind? She's got her bad friend, man. They'll wrap up the flower, do you mind? My life, she can't ride. See, man, now joins the run spell press conference in progress. While you're all carefully selected to be here today. So, hit me with the toughest questions you got. Mr. Rubbs, stay with you. What's your favorite color sunset? I have a follow-up. Well, I'll scolly wobbles. Who knows? There's yellows, reds and golds and what's your follow-up? Sir, do you collect bubbles? Well, by will it hurt you? Yes, yes, I do. Oh, so what they're full? I have a question. Yes, you. Mr. Rubbs, stay with you. Sir, do you play chicken in the window? Why? Honey, Patty, and by gum. Yes, sometimes I do. I have a question. Yes. When are you? Get that? How loud are you? Well, good going, God. You're going to leave already. Well, by diddley do. Just get out of here already. We've had enough with you. We've had enough of this. That's the thing. We belong. I got a friend in the garage. Don't care. I'll make you that man. I'll give you a warm permit. Or a special gift. That's the thing. Stored whole fairy came upon something great. Give them something true that they've all paid. Even while they were moved their pants, they put on the bear up to nowhere. Strap them said hay, boy. Take a ride on them and go inside. They said only boy takes the ride on them. And then they go inside, in the trainical place. Not enough? Not enough? Not enough? Not enough? Not enough? Not enough? Not enough? Not enough? Even too much joy will make you gay. You'll be watching both these progress play. So I will make you gay, then. A neocard, we have mechanical table. I have pick a ride on them and go inside. So it's our, it's our age here, right? Take a ride on them. So it's our, it's our training girl play. Just a lot. Just a lot. Just a lot. Just a lot. Just a lot. Just a lot. Do you want to go? Do you want to go? Do you? I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. Do you want to go? I will. I don't go in there. I hear my stomach's bubble. I'm your brother. I'm your brother. I'm your brother. I'm your brother. People hitting road from work. Laced one night when they saw the fire and the fast food line. They pulled in and gave their order to the girl. And the next thing you know, they started to... And not go about. This stomach started to blow. It got all help. Put burning inside their throat. And that's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. When the beanberry tone is lost to the curse, the case of the yard. It's causing all of this dire need. But long of the sick are going to die. They just have at least a cup of accommod. From not go down. Well, from it started to blow. It's not gone out. I'm burning in fire throat. That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. When the beanberry tone should have hit the Danchen Lupa. You might not have made that soup up. Next time you pass the fine say no. Even though it's grilled, so it's good to go. You're not the people got the sick and wish that they only done. So they could hunt down the people who think I was behind the bomb. The pain from the cramps they felt deep in their guts. So next time they'll just go to Feet Sahar. Not on go-bal. This is the mix started to blow from Shagal Health. The burning inside their throat. It had a smell. That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. When the beanberry tone is lost to the curse. When the beanberry tone is lost to the curse. When the beanberry tone is lost to the curse. It's not gone out. It's not gone out. No-no. AB-EN RATS Any sign of crap Any sign of tryna peace Has no black sentence People are black. Radness. Somebody. All have babyana. A babyana. I'm really wish you were payin' to stress us, so you don't know if I could try to stress my, I hope you're paying, we're paying to stress us when you're praying to get us out on! Wow, and the good news for you is you got another vote. Oh, well, I can see that. I got another friend, we got 903 at our my friend's base man, we are making serious inroads here. What do I tell you about a big comeback this time of year? You know, you go through a living hell and then all of a sudden come back, bounce right back. Guess the only thing to do would be to take that one call right there. Why did you just say that? I don't know. Okay, WQIM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I did want to say which we have a new year, and if you're playing this today, I was wondering if there's any way you would say Eisen. No problem. Thanks a lot, Neil. Have a happy. You too, Neil. See you, bye-bye. See you, that was good to think, and I told you I should take that call tonight. 147 votes on the full English New York Street Best Friends, who should Neil even as Andrew is Will, who wants that money? What a bunch of money, grab resume. God, by any way, that's human nature. Somebody wanted to leave a whole bunch of money, even if they didn't know me, and I said, how about me? And they said, oh sure, I'd say, okay. George, 379. A lot of people out there, and that's because these people are connected to the radio. So they think that George and I hang together, and we go out and have dinner and whatever. Like, you know, is that what people think? Yeah. I don't know what they said. And he's always said that over the years, people think that we hang out. Listen, one of the funniest things my dad ever said to me was, hey, when Neil comes down, what do you guys like, meet it a restaurant, and you know, go over the show prep and stuff like that, and I laughed so hard that I was holding my side and, oh, right. I mean, I thought it would mine scene you guys. You know what I think it's just more fun this way that you know, you'll never see me again. Kind of strange. Right. And we George 379, me, 326, meaning me, me, me, me, me, me, me, whoever the amount of grabbers are out there, or leave me some, give me a little something something Neil, and of course I'm flicking. Oh, oh, chance. I hate this full 107. Look who's got any three. Huh. Any three real or imaginary. I sure hope for real. Is real. Book of Brian 72, Brady Quinn 37 doesn't need my money, anybody else's. He's going to make million. Now you will admit that. Oh, yeah. Okay. And because of the fact that you're so accommodating in my buddy Brady Quinn, you got another vote. You got 20 now. That impressive? Not really. Nobody's got 18 and Jacob was going into deep hiding. I think he's the one is for protection program. I have to ask his attorney, Jerry, about that. Jacob's got five out of a thousand 47 votes. So anyway, that's where we stand on the day before. Well, it's not really the day before, but it's Christmas weekend, right? It's all starting a couple of days ago and I'll kind of like lumps in together. So when you fly over the Florida coast, you're flying south from here, for example. And when you get to the point, I don't really want to start to let me be viral beach or four pierce. And from that point on, it's just like one big strip of connected bedroom town. Yeah. Connected geographically, but unconnected in any other way. Just one big long strip of mong. The big fuck 12 Friday you best. The federal government just wanted to grab those people to play. And you're withering criticism of most parties, Brown, offering no apology. And mostly great others, withered about them, because hundreds of ones. My Brown, there's no one left to play my said brownie. Your little couple, mid-shay my said brownie. The short careers up in flames, there's no one. I know who's or whose favorite bush. We'd better make them shut up before he says. If we shoot a mess up, you can defend him. But I'm sure you won't find many things that he should do time. I was just tired of his sport. He's way too dumb to run the FPMA. So people died when he ran FPMA. Now that everyone knows that you're leadership old, you can go back to your horos shows. Today, for public and jam democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. He everybody half browned Brown. A countable for everybody Brown that threw out as a human being. I'm a biggest opponent that thought I got around nose. And I know's where to find it. There was no rush to get them saved. They don't worry public in any way. I did everything I possibly can. The show must have called for the club's plan. Oh, what a job I had as a vector of fever. When I'm a choice, then the weaver and the clueless of the fish. His his kids round nose and the fish. His kids give round nose and the fish. New Orleans is wiped out in gold. With double use and I did one heck of a job. And it took days off to be a crown in another white-based, Christian Fowning the national guard is down then down. With all of us just to get the press out a town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is Beijing over Hurricane gave us a baby seat for the opon social and to the area like the giant republic in Swingy. Who's Jesus for our Lord and King? Praise Jesus for our Lord and King. I don't worry, you can't imagine what we'll lack. It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend to Susei. It's a national disgrace that you'd never lack in the first place. This is no time to blame the blame game. Since we don't let the regains are called by Gagians. Who are not the right kind of homo? Fight scottie with land and carol, go where a chiming may America right wing dream. To big everybody, white-life bees. And an ignorant son of a big, rich, who gets his jobs. Brown, hoosen, who rich, poor, how I miss bedding by you. Baby and horses, I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on the negligent bird of her now. And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. I'll protect the jiff bird of her now. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. For a signal in the city of New Orleans. Yes, some of the people down there say he failed. Stuffed the people in the astrid dome like cattle. While half the national guard was in Iraq. He cut funding for their levies. Looters called Zing and Arquise. In a group of we made a bigger deal. Inserts were never leave all away. One white group we trained away. A meal in the ast, for help from the needy seals. George Bush was the case to name him Crawford. I guess next year, though, be no more needy ground. Girls gone wild needs to see all new Orleans. Or to have to send their film to the Florida. Talk about your death-long presidents. Whoa, you ain't kidding. Good bye, George. You gotta go, me, oh my old. You gotta go home, push right up and on the bio. But you sure flew quick when it came to sick. Terry Shawlo. Some of our Bush's are putting your toothbrush now saved the bio. I judge it while people drown. You played around the relaxing golf world. He was all bank-ish, RIO, and Teas, and not your couple. Key that's half a dendou. Oops, and no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario. You were the one busy half-in-furn in the ast and no no. He'll investigate and a major gate that's real bullshit. Zoning is such a way to warns that Dutch you can't lock-up, so it don't continue. But no one will get blamed like with Agent Plain, No Hedge will roll. A car famed as for this and the assnap on the wrist and no charges file. What a surprise. Because you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new mess. Nobody. A new death toll, a swift pin to pull. That's no problem, no fix it. Your spin, the she will deal with new world-leans. Because that's their job, and for usual. Son of a bush, she has a foot in your touch, your own and home. We just don't understand you got blood on your hands, but what no brain, no, I'm a problem, so I'm baited obvious that these can most of us, you have no shame, no shame. What's that? Hey, watch with that smurf, you stupid jerk, for people have died old. Son of a bitch, you should be a peep, stand ween mean, pronto. Now you're all a paper, get them. Now you're here, huh? Yeah, gas. Oh, right. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't don't don't don't. Every time I see. Don't don't don't don't, don't don't. Every time it's him which. Don't don't don't. All the time, you need to get them. He's president of the sh***. Repel against muscle being. And in our capabilities, I don't know why. Day, day, one, two, black, David on compartir First hopes of eight and four years With president sama's **** All right, can't quit And get to hurry up In youruras Don't go, don't hit the straw man, stupidity Don't go, don't go, don't hit the straw man, stupidity Don't go, don't hit the straw man, stupidity Love her then me, please present him some shit Yeah don't care what it's all, you gotta be in my hooker, call up the Christian All it knows what's less, you and I will help the fear We've got a great leader with friends and stuff What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? I swear, Mr. Mouse, what the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? We're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs, you are killing me But sir, what we've done with New York City Times Square, point out the street Hang on, run it, run it, run it, run it, run off the vacuum cleaner Rave us, get the blue burn on here Okay, boss, if you're not sure, look what we've done We've made down Manhattan 42nd Street is incredible I know what, publicly I support it that, but you took all the porn away, you killed me I'm going through Gavlsk on like pets We're just scouting areas calm down What's gonna be butt-munched, don't tell me to calm down We've got lucky with LeBlanc State, 128 million dollars No, you're trying to ruin the whole network We're kind of programming on you, running Hang on a minute, the three, two, three months Yeah, boss Move our crap all over your shoulder It's way yourself up for heaven's sake And hang off the module, play that Okay, boss, good, God, sir, the network is fine Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good, God, you're still running James Bond movie There's 60 years old, why don't you just put Stan Buck Really ought to be done with it? We sell it, make a couple of damn dollars Well, the movie division's fine You mentioned we were in fiction now, we have the new M.N.I.Chumman We'll be coming out later this summer Oh, you got signs, what the hell does that mean? Stop sign, you'll sign You're gonna start swinging somebody's title pass me Please Remus Remus Remus Here you go I know you can't hear me Remus, you're still running the parking plan Here's a lot more to run for the day Remus, take that blue chair for you Alright Yes sir I'd be very careful the next time I started my car Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you What? About done? Stop a hand of storm in your job You're terrible, sorry Maybe I'll put Remus in there I'd go like to be president of Disney Remus Oh man What a wonderful day Get out of here, you nut bag Okay, look at that We got a thousand 86 votes and you're starting to make a little progress Oh really? Not yet, you all got up to nobody And a dish new is three best friends Who should kneel at who is will? George 393 Me? Triven 35, meaning them Me, me, me, me, what's in it for me? Am I the way? Don't anybody keep coming on my, my space They're asking for money I actually had one That doesn't surprise you, was it? No, not at all I'm not giving no money to know But I don't know I hate this pull 100 nine Now to 10% Oh, make progress there too Look who's got any forebos Oh, come on 73, ready Quinn 39 Nobody 25 George, court is 23 You're moving up, you know Slowly Slowly and untruller I would say in J.F. Still sucking when their last place So a mental thinker The feasting So that's a clean play Only five three are more 20, 560 You can't grab I urge everyone to complain to this station I've heard a lot By the way, so I've been given it some score I see I've already figured it I know that me and you Get the rules Much better So with six to ten And not in five A Gentile in the cranky do I think we might be happy to get there I think you really got out of your mind You gotta have your way we bed Spass on to sight No chance I'll always show it to And I'd rather die We'd be happy together Why all have you No doubt on what things But be true From Brooklyn High I've been with you I have really body but shoes You're not high I mean Me and all And that would blow No way that if we had a fight That you'd survive Food won't adhere to a genocile And pushy blind That's crappy because it's a... Don't go towards or towards or towards or towards Don't go towards or towards Don't go towards or towards or towards Don't go towards or towards And so with you and me For me Is much better to sit and ten Not five It's only right That I should get more sleep tonight I think we might Be happy to get there We're blessed Happy to get there We're blessed Welcome to the Blue Planet You're opening my mouth Goodbye Goodbye Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, I'm gonna be full-globalist! Nobody talks when I rap! I raped the new talk! Look at me! I'm hit hit! I ain't those where! I'm a thing done, Betty, man! I'm really dead! I fire anyone I want! I don't care! Especially if they make me clip my wig made a smelly green hair! I get fired myself and even happens to the grapes! Westwoodwood said you'll get out of here, or else we break your legs! So now I sit by the pool, life since good is it get it! With my pallid and cartel, placing bets on the jets, and paradise! Paradise! I don't care if nobody's handsome, paradise! We'll go to the door! I'll be sure that not the screw kids won't get the chance, but the green is already with my line green pants! I won't just take! I'll be calling him plate! It was just a little fox! So what I love this day? I guess I think that's funny, I know what's funny! I can do what I want, but the man is with loves me! Get a tiger's hat and mouth! Something you ought to know, but I won't just die, but I want to do to be my own! You are my type-out, now answer me! What's up, girl? Who's your door? I won't take no for an answer, get out of here! What is that? Not you! Get me out of here! Get me! Get me! Get me the door! Get me the door! Get me the door! Get me the door! Get me the door! Get me the door! Get me the door! Get me the door! I'll wrap! Don't bow God that's your friend! Has nobody made a secret! Don't bow God that's your friend! Has nobody made a secret! Roll up the gun! Get like the other one! Has this thing to feel far from you, and I need another year! Don't bow God that's your friend! And all around! Don't bow God that's your friend! Has nobody made a secret! Roll up the gun! And just like in a moon! Just listen to your mouth, and see! I don't have another year! Don't bow God that's your friend! Has nobody made a secret! Don't bow God that's your friend! And then there's no love! Has nobody made a secret! Has nobody made a secret! Has nobody made a secret! Has nobody made a secret! Don't go big in the park! Stop breaking my goal! Stop breaking my goal! Stop breaking my goal! Stop breaking my goal! That's a hundred-to-one! I let one shi go! I see you move your flower! I lift it my leg! It's not like a day! You're too high! Those have a day! Try to hold in your thigh! I'll try with that child of all! Don't bow breaking my goal! And don't bow God! Don't bow breaking my goal! Don't bow breaking my goal! Stop breaking my goal! We were out on our first date! After eating at a Mexican cafe! Now we were driving at my car! I wouldn't go at all the tourists both away! I have to keep you in touch with cheese! And keep turning around! To look at me, get close, close, close! Girl, don't party! Get the penalty to girls, don't party! But I do! The owner heard me, hey! It's like closing in my hand! It's the way I go! We're in the dog, down, so I can't get somewhere! It's the way something died is there! Girl, don't party! Girl, don't party! She kept her penalty to girls, don't party! But I do! I heard another deadly swear! Then I held my nose and heard it with my shirt! I heard her round to get her back! We just met her a time! Before another attack! So I have to keep her okay! That you're the same thing! And all the other things was your own own part! Your own own part! You're the only one who can't get the girl! No more! But I do! Girl, don't party! Girl, don't party! Girl, don't party! But I do! But I do! But I do! Okay, a lot of flat-cell insinere for now eyes, but then looks to be expected! Right? 156 formats to load a QM we got the gildy! And who doesn't remember plans? And then the Humphor and the Beast and in the last 80K show, 10 o'clock tonight, all the best, Eddie! You're a helper guy, we all love you! And wish you the best! Don't we? Yes we do! Yes! What's not to like? 117 on the pool, in addition to his three best friends who should kneel and to his will, George 397! Up a little summon in the box, I mean in the envelope! What third man? Me 343, meaning some strangers out there, well good luck here! I hate this pool 10 down to 9.9%. That's good! Look who's got 85 votes! Huh? Already! Real or imaginary? Real or memory-x? Book of Brian 74, chicken-neck? Ready, Quinn 40? Nobody 28? Nobody's still got you beat out. Oh, you're making a little progress, not a lot! George Court is 25! I'm proud of you! I'm proud of you! I got Jacob beat, he's only got five! Which is probably the other five guys with the same name he's got! The biggest name, so best challenge to the Beast is when you're Rogers! Forrest Radio 560! You A! I'm a great equit! Whenever I shape up all, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour! This guy had a bomb! And took a hit then woody, yak like Keechoon Chom! And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hair! And woody share it with Jesus and the Saints! The Fives, Fives, Fives, and yeah! Yeah! Hardest place in yeah! Yeah! Hardest is good! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! What it got! No, it's can of us! No, it's not like one of us! Give me high on the back of the bike! Just give me roses, give me some! On the grand bus to Rome! To get some better, can of Rome! For the full time back to take home! For the full time back to take home! No fun in heaven, let's y'all! Yeah! Yeah! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on you're a son! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Come on, Keechoon! Hey, let me come on, Keechoon! Oh, hey, let me come on, Keechoon! We are ready for the next dinner tonight, we are ready for the first time tonight, we are ready to ride Never have those into your soul, James, come on, run in Illinois, Harry! We don't believe that you're a hippie band Now, sir, we're developing best electric rats In every belong to you, son! Actually, he'll hail, hey, oh, why? Harry! Harry! Harry! Harry! Who a presidential line? It's my thing fun! I need to give it up, try! Obama! Who you think the border is run? Are you the one? Will we vote for them? Black guys! Obama! Never stop where rock! Keep them tough! It may be the same, but it may be the same! So, my reason, I will die, my! I'm the one, I'm the one! Who you think the border is run? Are you the one? Will we vote for them? Black guys! Obama! Who you think the border is run? Are you the one? Will we vote for them? I'm the one! He's like a shadow coming to people! Harry! He's like a friend coming to people! That's you. Harry's a friend, then. Driving through brand-footed night with a glove in his bag! His other jumpsbag went to the grunko, open the window, to leave up and drop some before. A smart jommer dog, all the same hard friend, went in that blood-comphrine, All the sermons were burned He chopped the bloody blood Simpson and came to back from a burger in fries and rest who wrote near a noise in the rear O'Jay is nothing Dropping your socks near the bed but there's so many there Clanging some hair All the sermons were burned Where did the blood come from? All the sermons were burned He chopped the bloody blood The past marks down The past marks down I got diggin' the grass The past marks down He might just go finnise The past marks down He's a creepy head There's a past marks down The past marks down Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Guy and I aren't that good He didn't hide it Suck What's in one get down on bed Jesus, bring some back Jesus, pay Jesus some fire He'd be never shut John What's in one get down on bed He'd be the church's church The past marks down He got givin' the grass The past marks down He went just like a man He's a false false dog He's a creepy head He's a false false dog He's a false dog He's a false man Oh yeah Oh yeah He's not taking jail by the fear He'll sue but you sell all what you have He'll put gas and take a pill He'll make you shout and do it Take them go, they're not ain't choke He'll make you shout and do it John, now I wanna smoke The past marks down He got givin' the grass The past marks down He went just like a man The past marks down He's a creepy head John, the past marks down He's a creepy head Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah He'll put the getting high He's a creepy head John, now I wanna smoke All right He's for me, he's a psi He's for me, he's a psi John, now I wanna smoke The past marks down He got givin' the grass He's a false false dog He actually so could ask The past marks down He's a creepy head He's a false false dog He's a false false dog And now he is Titi, founder of Timmy Dean Forksawsec with a few words about new Timmy Dean and Babel San Francisco. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, if someone had told me a 25 years ago that I'd been making Babel's, I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your Babel's, I'll give you your Babel's. With a big ol' Greece's slab, a Timmy Dean Fort Sausage on it. New Timmy Dean, non-co-share Babel San Francisco. If you're Jewish, you can buy him. You just can't eat him. Still, you can't just eat hisators, but he's all a tough thing. Time and new Timmy Dean Bigalf battled. There's a little bit of big it and everybody. Translated by Mito Ma-ahw It's late more times than grandma got run over by our ring. When you feel like you only kidding sound, tired of this song. Here's a list of people more fit of it is rather long. Can't look for Lopez and her friend, Koliow. Quick we change the station when this song's on the radio. Guess who wins the list of names and probably never will be. Rapper soon, Dulliow, Gacy and Pop Daddy, got run over to the city. Travis Tray is too. Even Bruce Tray's team won't show on its true. They don't think it's funny. In fact, this name is hell. They rather listen to the stops you're barking jingle bells. Not fun. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. Okay, loving past no to five. I'm enjoying this today. You think I'm just sitting here playing bits? Me too, man. I'm picking my feet up on the desk. I've got to work on it. It's a damn good thing. It's one of the busy days of the year. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. I'm not going to be in the middle of the day. Josh Cortes, you're still stuck there on 25. And Jacob sold time through Chinkway. Chinkwant the banana and Chinkway votes. Have you saved votes in the Italian? I don't have any of them. A vote. Oh, get that passport. The 50's. Who's best talent to be this? The Rock, Rock, Sports, 420-560. You A, man. Down as dirt. And with this upcoming divorce, kids singing all of your favorite holiday classics. As only kid rock can deliver. Presenting. Kids, ties one on and for Christmas. You'll hear Kid Rock sing. Oh, holy. The Oscar roll by ring defeat. Richie the Red Dose Pink to please come home for food. Increlessness. Heart the divorce lawyer sing. Reaper Man is coming to tap. Guy, rescue, hepatitis docks. You're a mean one. This is bitch. And last Christmas with George Michael. Kids, ties one on and for Christmas. Available at Barnes & Noble & Cochrane and KidneedzBoney.com. Return to Santa. Return to Santa. Return to Santa. Oh, my God. I got a sweater from my grand boon. It was pink and black. I don't worry be a heartbeat. With whom did all the fash? He wrote a heart. Return to Santa. I'm just sending cash. And your taxi swears. Okay, me, or rest. I gotta put cake in some plant pants. Let clip this for my nose. A null bottle of old spiced. Born to iron and rose. Tiro to fond and for return to Santa. Oh, who needs this joke? For this year's Christmas. But really strong. Tiro to fond and for return to Santa. Don't need to be rude. But this Christmas. I got scrooge. Return to Santa. Return to Santa. Oh, like you. Like a room of... As here is the king. I know I haven't been around much for a while. But I want y'all to know what I've been in the rocker all of him. I'll be a thinker to be a Christmas. And I could give y'all a special Christmas message. I'll be as a do-please. Like, uh, how about a little Christmas hack on by... Thank you, I don't want. Like I'll soon. Christmas is a time of who. Time of joy. But time of all of them. And I'll share with a love of sex lines that seem to be got there. Like it. What will we want? No, we're all alone. Oh yeah, Christmas. The Christmas of me means family. The family means friends. The friends we used to get together. And get together means... Eat and... All past dinner comes, they work the ways. All like this. I remember. I didn't get it. Not just one way to eat right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But I know about it so big. You can't reach out to help in a hand. Helping... A hand? Or would you... Can't be a help in the old night's theater going there? Which is pretty... Pleasure. Thank you very much. Now like I was showing them. I know about it so big. You can't... Stoop to help a friend in need over the holidays season. I speak in the season. You won't pass me that self-sugar when you get a chance. Like it. Yeah. Just don't screw the cover. That's like... Like I'm just... So this Christmas... Why don't you all take a tip from old... A.O.S. Now I don't leave those steak-tips right where they are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it, thank you. I want you to remember. For all part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his own image. And look in the mirror. I'd have say God must be a big, big, simple one. You know what I mean? I like it here. But I especially want you to remember this one last thing. You know all the whom is Christmas. It's going to pop corn up on the free. Save a big, big bowl for the can. Extra butter. No more money. I'll make it here. Okay. I'll remember. I'm gonna... Oh, oh. Guess rollin' the wind and it seems to me. You live the other life like a car. I'm gonna... Say to me, I'm gonna be so polite for you, okay? I know, I'm not so polite for you. I'm gonna... Like get a stretch where they call it, go through. I can't not fall back home. I'm gonna... Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's yours now. Oh, oh, oh. I'll roll me, oh, oh. Can't believe she's gay. I'll make better the double you and me, yeah. Roll me, oh, oh. It must be you, Roo. For all of this is you claim to the top crew. But believe you will realize we knew it. Honestly, it's not that big a shot. If you were ready, my food wouldn't do it. It'd be a cry for both of me. Proceeding your dynamo, gave a ball of life. Now I hope live and lay that messy life, guys. That's what I do with the bowling basket. That's what I do with the bowling basket. That's what I do with the bowling basket. That's what I do. That's what I do with the balls in the basket. That's what I do with the balls in the basket. That's what I do with the balls in the basket. That's what I do with the bowling basket. That's what I do with the bowling basket. That's what I do with the bowling basket. That would I be do. That's what he does he puts the ball in the basket. That's what he does. He puts the ball in the basket. That just what he does is what I do with the bowling That would I do with the bowling basket. Yeah. That's what he do. He puts the ball in the basket. The situation is put the ball in the basket. He puts the ball an a basket for the organization. And that's my take on what he do. That's what I do, put the bowling of basketball in the basket. That's what I do, put the bowling of basket, that's what I do. Put the bowling of basket, that's what I'll be do. Now what he do with you, put the ball at the basket. What you do, put the ball at the basket. When you use a hundred percent to put the ball in the basket. That's what he would do. Have more than one other ball work in the best. That way you win with the bow, you will be dead. What do you do with the bow, you will be dead. What are you doing? This is Debbie. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting cooperation done. Okay. And some body contouring and similar post-action. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's a tummy tuck and the lip augmentation because medic the breast sits really face to face. All of these things. Mm-hmm. And there's wondering... More like steroids. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? Uh, I can't be done. No, no, no, no, no. It would be right. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. Nature surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy? Excuse me? Don't hurt mommy for little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm looking actually. We can tell you that one we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point, huh? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. Okay. Um. My name is Buffer Little Bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I know. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the... It puts the lotion in the basket. Uh, okay. Do you like to make it a point, man? I'm going to call me back. Okay. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the black-lacid. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What you're like? It puts the lotion in the basket. What you like to make it a point. It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time, okay? It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. So what was it we did trying to say? All of these things. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. In addition to his three best friends, wholudneophile had to do his will?less 46 votes. George 409 Georg has just clicking big smelly ass and of course he's application has weight. And you're zero. Everyone. worries. We got some people up there. He shoots like poison. We'll know. We'll know. We all are ordinary. Remember?place. 99, Brady Quinn 41, nobody's got two beat. I'll do you just, you just got a little action there, not too much. Nobody 35, Josh court is 26. That's where you should leave me, just a little action. 26 bucks and Jacob has got still only five. The biggest name, so best talent to be this is with your eyes. There's sports video 560, you A-Vam. Friday, you best dude. canal All I do is scream like I'm inside Don't want so no harm to say I'm too lonely I can't believe that you've fallen so deep My edge and stormy night of change is so big Don't want so no harm to say Don't want so no harm to say I'm too lonely, I'm too lonely I'm too lonely, I'm too lonely Don't want so no harm to say Huh? I'm too lonely, I'm too lonely My name is Barry, sing like a fairy Huh? I like pencils about romance While I'm wearing Spanish pants, I'm tiny shrimpy But pencils are wimpy I had a series of big hits, but that was back in 1976 Now no one loves to hear They hold in that and hear They won't admit it, oh my albums But my songs are queer Got a nose shape Like a banana Like two fans both live in my turn I'll be got a nose shape Like a banana Of my no-jew can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song I've got a hug of the size of Yandres When I get a slow-knows, I keep drizzling their holes But now on one kiss, my life is back in place And so on, sing again and stickin My songs in your face got a nose shape Like a banana Like two fans both live in my turn I'll be got a nose shape Like a banana Of my no-jew can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song Like a banana Like a banana Like a banana Now you are older, you still have your hand And your arch die broke I heard you were splitting up with Heather your wife It's another day in our life Last year your rage was 63 Time to let one go Let's have a party for Pomegranate Now we're 64 We're all older too I'd like to say these words Happy birthday to you When the Beatles once were big news John and George are gone George had cancer, John got shocked, they didn't survive Good old wringo, he's still alive Oh, I'm sure what must it hold in some weed Interpan on tour Your wife doesn't need you The lawyers will plead you And you're 64 I'm dying of it Don't keep me with the high standards of broadcast journalism Interpretation of Edward Omiro is seeing it now 560WQA have a recent now seen here with no Howard David I just won't have it in here Now say here I don't know Giggins And if I had so choose to stay I will change the face of whatever that is toon Now see here who did more for radio Neal Rogers or Hoybaskar Anderson Here's my birthday Are you guys all right? I say Hoybaskar Anderson That's who But one thing he was the mayor of boarding radio And at Pikes Mucker he ain't no mayor Why? Hoybaskar Anderson saying nice song Oh, he had a You're not your son Are you a guy in the hall There's no signal Not in the name Wait a little bit I sure That's there that's a Neal Singin' the discouraging songs about the Goin' the noir And then a facadorn He writes a little bit Neal singsin' Now you know he's queer But real men don't sing Oh my god And another day Hoybaskar Anderson With a lot of fatter than Neal too That day is what made him dead This does seem On the next month's dormitum I'll see here Who made a better cup of coffee? Mrs. Olson Or Jackie Robinson Gamad Now see me here next time for a mowing dignity On I'll see here That's there over here Over here 21st of 115 We got Yelde at the Poison Poverpines Institute Then we got 3 hours of the Humper Beast in 7th of tonight And then the last of the K-Show Now we got 6 hours of food over here Oh for me You're a one We got all sorts of food over here From a home we lie in the town We call it ponies Because we wanted to be there We got some fresh meat We said spaghetti and meatballs But then to Salvo's also brought in like Food for 40 people And the conference room So now instead of eating for 3 people We're like 8 Right and of course Now all the comedy bits I'm playing We won't even know when you've been running out of the room We'll quick So every non-knowingly at least expect it I'll say How's it going, Josh? 1157 votes you make him a little progress Now not like Slow but sure gets the job done Or whatever And addition to his free best friends Who should kneel even as will Add to his will And leave a few bucks to George for 112 Me 352 Me me me me me me me me me No no no no no no No chance I hit this pool 159.9% 88 votes for my close personal Butting huh Boca Brian 81 Brady Quinn 41 Nobody 36 Josh Curtis erupted 27 And Jacob is still Slummit it down there with only five He's down Sure on a way out of town By the you Best All right Side Park Dead Park He can tear Your nose apart He can tear Everybody can tell Some wanted it by that A whole smile What the hell did you do? It smells just like What the hell Side Park Dead Dead Park I got one At Day Park I watched The woman says Where The Down She was Where The The The The I walked Why not Of that place With A fish By my face Side Park Dead Park Do He's Why And Or Bad One Go Go Go I Have The The The The If you're In church When you do You Have To stay In your You You In The The The The The The The This Call of the It's The The The The The The The The The The The The The The Mary and Barry. It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas with a surprise appearance by the New Work Under Covered Our Context Division and Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown. Big crack this chief. Brought to you without commercial in a rupture by Jamal and Kahim who supplied them a Carter highway hood. Crack is whack. It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas. Look, look, look, where is real? I can find Rudolf. Oh, shut the screen for me. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Hey, what's that all over the place? It's real, it's real. I don't know. I don't know. I just met you. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. The radio. Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Hey, what's that up in this guy? It's a bird. You can hear the play? No, it's a radio. Can you hear it? I think you got time, Mary. Who's your mom? You're my mom. You're my mom. You're my mom. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Excuse me. Hi. Can I help you? Hi, yeah. I just bought things. I haven't got anything to do with it. I have to get for half a day. Do you have Christmas wrapping? Sure. Two hours over. Two hours. I beg of her. I beg of her. I beg of her. Pardon me. Is this Christmas wrapping? That's right. Food. Check it out. Happy holiday. Y'all. We hope it's night. Because you're going to be both. Come, chat with you. I think it's out. I think I'll be my own Christmas wrapping. My hair's in, so it's wrapped your own. It ain't so easy when you do it at home. Because we got the wrap. We got the ribs and you know we love it. And more than wrapping, can we? We got the wrap. Thank you. We got the wrap. That special time of year is here again. And so is Simphar, master of the slide whistle. And here's his finest album ever, the holidays passing with him. Yes, let me warm to the holidays passing with Bright New Year season this year with Simphar. Beep the most popular slide whistle in all of 40 years. The master will amazed and inspiring with his touching silver and silver. Yes, you wish every night was decided like when you hear the holidays passing with him. Here's another order. To more of your copy and time for the holidays, 995, 995, or 1195, or 995, or 995, or 888, or about 113K, that's 113K call now. Limpic Ice Capates, 970, 310, your drive to win. She was second best at it, but so, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a. Nancy Carigan, the pitch was going to win again. Torn your blocks, prevent. Highest, out, a-hence, man. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Nancy Carigan was leaving, ring. She's locked up from behind. Bang, bang, torn your silver hammer came down upon her knees. Bang, bang, torn your silver hammer made sure of victory. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, ah, ah, ah, ah , ah, an air to other door at aossaing style, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah , ah , the crowd they make a break for the door but it's too late to run, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, on, its silver hammer down. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh but she does man but it's noting in heaven and she warms up, her bright eye." There's no really sure. Anyway, here's a little breaking news. Hey, ready on the day before Christmas week, can. Wake Charges have been dropped in the high profile case against those three accused duplkit-Cte stimulus of visually-, let's hear this in all the other stories, prosecutors are not dropping in terms of kidnapping and sexual offense of this time, it's breaking news Oberikomis. There's motor come. He said that they had a modicum of something. A motor come. So how's the child? Oh, I demolished it already. Just go and nuts over there. I got more food to go to the coffee store. I've got female Chinese army. 1169 votes. We got 96 friends on my space. We not only got to 9100, but we just snagged and we demolished it. We cranched it. And we got 1169 in the pool. Our goal is 1200. Is now the nice modest reasonable number on the 27th of December? Okay. Yeah, let's not get go crazy. Okay. It's been just fine. In addition to his three best friends who should kneel, I leave, I do his world George 414. Me, money grabbing listeners, 359, oh chance. I hit this pool 169.9%. 88 votes for my, ah, good buddy. Huh? Booker Brian 81, Brady Quinn 41, nobody 37. Jeff court is up to 28. And Jacob is still down to in last place. He can see him all. He's only got five. We only got one hour to go. And then we got to Geldey has been come on. How come Geldey gets to lucky break working on this day? Well, you know, that's one of those one of those things. One of those blessings of the holiday season. The biggest name, so best challenge to the faces of the U-Rotters. Sports radio 560. U-A-M. Pinkwood, I like to shave my legs, arms and buns. While listening to the Neal Rogers wanted to out. That's them. Oh, great. Now. I want some wind. You made cheap, oh head, quite like gravy with you. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Huh? He's a football player too. I saw him well with me. We got a guy that I wanted to. That's really, really cute. I want to give him the one today, but there's no chance at all. So does the Mcfield sports quit if I want to see a grab the ball? That's a loole. Oh, hey, wow. Look at that kid. You made cheap, oh head, quite like gravy with you. Yeah. Come on. Come on. I got a high-level street that helps me see his world. I can do what I want. I'm good. I ain't gonna get done. Don't engage up a business school. Okay. That's not so great. But I'll go show you the money. At least until he's morning. I'm great. Now. I want some wind. You made cheap, oh head, quite like gravy with you. Well, they do wow. Look at that kid. You made cheap, oh head, quite like gravy with you. All right. You saw the bid on Saturday night live. The compared-out-tomb-radie picked up women to house some regular, off-ish-mope-ex-up women. It was slightly funny, but not as good as a bit. They didn't have the balls to do. Comparing-out-tomb-radie picks up women to hum-make-o-vick. Picks up women. Starting with Tom's introduction. I'm so afraid. And then moving into his routine. Hey Lisa, you look pretty hot today. They wish to watch something. Oh, well great. How about small? Okay. Great. See that? Now let's see your Michael Vick's introduction. Hey, I'm Michael Vick. I mean, I mean, Ron Mexico. Yeah, that's it. And his routine. Hey, Lisa, you look pretty hot today. Maybe you would actually go to the looks of time. You know, you and me, Ron Mexico. Oh, well great. How about tomorrow? Okay. Great, I'll see you then. But, I'll see Lisa. One question. He doesn't matter. So much of my genitals oftentimes become in flames. Some open sores do to something that people like to call. Herpes. Does it? Leave it come back. Leave it. That's why I don't tell nobody that. And that is why Tom Brady gets more women than Michael. Ron Mexico, Vick. One synergization. A movie comes along that changes the way we look and think about film. Broadback Mountain is that film. Here's what people in New York City are saying about Broadback Mountain. Broadback Mountain, I love that movie. It's one of my favorites. Literally I cried the entire time. And he pledges performance. It was amazing. I love that movie. Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about Broadback Mountain. I mean, you see that film. I mean, I don't know. I saw two guys at the end of the two guys. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about Broadback Mountain. Oh, my God. Makes me hurt. Yes. Beautiful lost story. I mean, really. I've never asked for anything more. It's gorgeous. Fabulous. Fantastic. Here's what people in Utah are saying about Broadback Mountain. I thought I was going to see how board movie. And then over a certain in a pumpkin, they just went. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. This winter, one movie is breaking by office records. I'm connecting with the heart and soul of America. Broadback Mountain has one virtually every major critics group of awards for best picture. Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about Broadback Mountain. It's magic. Here's simple magic. I felt this movie in my soul, my heart. Here's what people in Alabama are saying about Broadback Mountain. My God, there's a couple of me guys in it. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Broadback Mountain. Not that everyone, especially if you live in a square state. We're coming to knock through a world good. Not saying just might as well count on you. Here's what you're gonna pick. Get all the tape. There's a lot of me that's who they are. But they're too white. The crowd for good. You got the kids up now. Who the hell am I? What is that? A real fuz Coming Rome. Q Jesus in your head and if you won't let her live While they're on the country now you can't be right back. No, if you won't. You give him your upgrade. Turn on not to be kind of lame without the sound and hatred. A grand brother from top to pure give him I can't go Woo, round for death You better get your vote I said I I said I I said I I'm all good I'm all good I said I I said I I said I I said I I said One in seven americans suffers from a terrible affliction And while others find it funny To those who have it It's no laughing matter It's called frequent burping syndrome It's terrible I'll be on a date Or a business meeting And Excuse me? See? See what happened? Frequent burping syndrome It can ruin your life But it doesn't have to Now there's a clinic that can help Trains specialists Sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers A special place known as Burp Inders Gosh, burp Inders saved my life Joanne and I were in love I really wanted to ask for the marry me But I just knew that when the moment of truth came I'd let out with a big ripper I know Burp Inders No shame, no guilt No more tummy rumbling Smellied belches No more stopping in midsittance To uncorporate a big cheesy blaster Just caring professionals And to help you need Don't wait Here's the number to call 5 5 5 2 8 7 7 5 5 5 5 Burp Inders Call today And stop being so gross What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and the state governments? Yeah Tribal sovereignty means that It's sovereign You're a You've been given sovereignty and you're Due to a sovereign entity And therefore The relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between Soberanity And you die, you sucky My short And you There's two things I know Daddy, you're a loser She was sent here from heaven And she's that is little girl I went back home in my pants And God for all of the time I think mommy cheated on you For what if I kiss you At your bedtime prayer She's a little white flower All in burning I think my man always here Oh, it's all that I've done wrong I must have done something wrong Daddy why don't you get a job To deserve a hug Give me more And what if I kiss you At night Daddy, you're like me here Sweet sister To do And drop me out of high school Just looking like a mama A little more everyday Daddy, I'm pregnant One part one The other part girl I don't know who the father You're a woman, man From women's anger Half the turn tricks are passed Things out in a grave I drove the car into a tree Can you just send me some cigarettes What if why I kiss you And I'm not a stork for the bright and grown You change your name today Dad, I'm getting married again You should make a promise And I'll give her away Dad, that's my ass Standing in the bridal Just staring at her I think I have fiddler Has me what I'm thinking And I said I'm not sure Oh, I've got a letter girl Well, always Can you do it? Hey, pop, we're moving in And put a fly kiss Dad, I asked him to move I'm a lesbian Well, I'll be dying Oh, it's 12 minutes after one 11 whatever the hell it is And it's that Christmas show What it is, nobody is Christmas show Guys of it, they were eaten I'm sitting here reading my space All this crap that's coming in Although, not heavy duty Because luckily for me, it's, you know, after the first That year, this could be quite a burden, you know? Could be I tell you, you're going to be flying off the show anyway Maybe I could use an assistant to help me with my my space space Huh? Ha ha ha ha You never know 1198 votes Oh, this is exciting Maybe during this break We're going to get to 1200 I doubt it though Because they're just trickling in, you know, I mean And don't, I mean, are a lot of people Well, certainly the airports have been like mobbed I mean, people are already gone, right? Uh, another a lot of people around It's for name sure Slim and grim 1198, in addition to his three best friends Who should Neil, uh, and to his will George 429, me, 3657 3657 money grabers out there That once some of my cash No way Jose Send me a picture I hate this pool 117, 9.7% What else going down? Maybe they're getting the holiday spirit What do you think? No, no Ha has got 89 Ha Volker Brian 83 Brady Quinn 41 Nobody's got 39 Sure got you beat Nobody's got Josh beat Except everybody else And you've got 28 Josh court is 28 And Jacob is still Way way in the rear With only five The biggest name So fast challenge The greatest real rocker Sports, where you'll find 60 You may Club, for gentlemen We're all the girls destroyed There's one thing keeps me going Back the lack of their wardrobe Maybe one will come home with me Oh that is what I hope Oh I really like the one Enjoy A stripper named Joy Oh I really like some Christmas joy Yes sir, yes I'm wondering What are you talking about Oh my words and boats We could talk about earlier About one Biggest cars and boats Now we're talking about bridges over the Carsway, not the ones in your mouth I don't have any of my friends Okay Okay, yeah I'm down with 40 50 Those are regulated by the United Corps And the United Kingdom No There is all bridges over Navigable waterway If I bring on my new bed I wouldn't have been asking But I said if I knew the answer The question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place Okay Well I'm saying sir Is that the United States Corps of Engineers Are the ones that regulate bridges over Navigable waterways Over one Navigable waterways Yes sir, okay Okay Yeah So it's up to them to decide What time The bridges should not be open To the marine traffic Yes And what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir I'm telling you the thing Come up with a time Well what is the time I believe it's that wish hour times sir That they are not open to marine traffic Other than that they are open to marine traffic So in other words any shrub With a boat can come along and back up traffic for people I'm absolutely correct sir Well what kind of a communist bunch of crap is there That is not a communist bunch of crap sir Sounds like a kind of reendipal That is a tiny pickle I'm not sure the bill is the one boat Wait exactly The boat is going to stop the 5,000 cars Is that it? No I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one Jack as in his boat I think that's what they ought to do Man you better know your laws Mr. because you should don't That's right I suppose you want the man bigger close To both of them that they are hurt until I want the bridges closed period Okay I want them closed I want the bridges headed to go home and watch MTV and get the hell out of our lives No way I want those bridges closed Let him use the Julia Tuttle okay You know what I mean? I think the all the gala George Washington and Bridgend jump all of bridge tenders How do you like that sir? Well I don't know about you but do shout like some stupid idiot Hello this is Albert Kider from Tony van Records According to American Infidel To buy latest cads Steven's collection You know my mom it is right But take your head off your body Got a machete with the real sharp blade How is that an American hostage Make those in their way I was only shooting the strategy I was on air mate Insighting me with tea taste Their mag is eigenverse And where it's out on my head I'm in followed by an F-16 Or a two they won't win How many from your purchase does not go to funs terrorism Really It's not time to get off the plane Just relax and take it easy You're just dumb That's your fault You wouldn't have been a fire or a Jew Find a skin and a rag If you want a detainee Another variation of a classic Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Ask myself every day Which Americans should pay Tell me who the new homestay Come to see you never look I'm coming to the neck of women She's left her very early in exposure So buy new catchseemets, collection, so date for 1995 All you can pay with Lisa, Massacre Or weapon of mass destruction Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo! It's a terrible is warning Oh So as you drive on into the world Be in there The White House says we're all blue now Can't be sure when a minestrike And a year will never stretch Cause the fall of the stress The wrong spaces we better watch out He's the world I feel you fear It's a terrible is warning Oh, I'm the government says we're through to And I'm scared They say not if but when now Not specific, better a Jew Yeah, I think there are hopes that you may scroll I think that I just will ignore it Yeah, live my life And join the ride in my life I'll keep a bag Here it is May we see The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to dumb And people build with the gas that we sold First time a crusher nation and they only want that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil flowing Forget about Korea The Newt There's no too many Right Queen is stealing it over and over Into our heads Huh? Daddy, right as of My fist is a past destruction Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten let's exploit him instead And if there's oil to be gotten Going after said down to Make NATO summer There's no longer mention of It's made been loaded But no it's even turned all Humphrey in complacent Believe in every word of this Cartelid administration Black and traitors by fear through Meadie and manipulation And a right queen is Dreaming it over and over Into our heads And I recognize some Weapons of mass destruction The loss of civil rights is the rights that were paid We're all suspects now Not the ash brought this thing I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saved I know being a cattle don't have any reserve Each is now in provoked metal and world annihilation Old regimes must fall And however gen is known With no objection at all There's a crack don't have the fall And the right queen is dreaming it over Into our brain watched head come I recognize some Weapons of mass destruction Only I recognize some Weapons of mass destruction What do you all time raise men If a once in a hall of shame 26 pants won it 560 WQM 123 votes on the pool We got it 1200 You got a lot of free food We got 900 And by the way I'm not I'm getting a little lyrious Some of these people you know I've been warned by people about all the creeps that line up on my space Okay And so when some of these people from around the USA Are sending in you know 47 year old gun Then I look at his friends and there's like a 15 year old kid Yeah, I'm not I'm not proving those I'm a little bit leery because there's a lot of pedophiles out there and a lot of fruit cakes and a lot of crazy people and a lot of trouble makers and a lot of All of All of these things I'm just I'm not putting them on there Also anybody that sends me like anonymous I'm not putting the on there We don't need you Am I right right who needs it? Prosecutors dropped rape charges today against three due to University of across players accused of attacking a strip or a team party But the three still face kidnapping and sexual offense charges at a fence attorney said Joseph Cheshire and his cat and attorneys for the other players have said for months the woman told several different versions of the legislative assault Cheshire said Friday accusing us and she doesn't know if she was penetrated Was he said like district training like knife dogs that dismissed the rape charges Wow, knife dogs in the media we turn calls seeking comment That would be goes on. I think she's another one. She's not even a proof kick She was looking for something and of course the fact that she was a strip or an aslot I mean, I should not count anyway. I should have covered in 13 votes and addition to his three best friends who should kneel and was will George 432 me 371 a lot of people out there one little of my cash and the answer is uh-uh I hit this pole 19 9.8% not bad But because got 91 votes Huh, who may not ever surface again. I don't know What do you think you think he's gonna? Surface again. I already asked you that. Did not yeah, well, it's just it's just not my mind And you know something if he doesn't it's a nice picture Book of Ryan 85 Brady Quinn 43 nobody 39 don't give no money. Nobody Neil judge court is only 29 very weak And you're you're lucky Jacob's on a poor you'd be in last place Down you'd be bringing up the rear but Jacob is still way way back behind the human race with only five You're a Stood All right I Ami has a dolphins and here we go again another losing season That's never gone up and they never win they never will and I will never know My sports a straighted victim go in the super bowl and they're the Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll for summer Miami doll The doll is our such losers. They really aren't white lanes I knew it from the fair. We started. I watched the Pittsburgh game and did you see the wimpy way Exhaven through that flag standing on the sidelines He looks just like a bag and there the Miami doll Miami doll Number I'm a jeans and a lady Miami doll Miami doll There's problems sick of them my clue The dolphins want the bumble low and then the fantasy It's only five year luck that they pulled out of the story and then they played the Texans In almost made me sick that's stupid to point past way that Bumbling on psychic and there the Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Number Miami doll Miami doll Oh and oh Miami doll A doll There's a ball there running game is flat As for their execution Well, I'd agree with that There always got a full lead of that and can be short And when they leave the field So has the stench of common door and there the Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Number I'm a jeans and a lady Miami doll Miami doll If there's another shot of whoo Oh But dolphins have no strategy They play like idiots Another couple games wasn't a theory and some jets I think they're all retarded It's almost like their curse SGC and Tamer and Zectom is which team is the worst And they'll say Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Number What the hell 42 Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Miami doll Now they're blue Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh The night the boys are dropping Oh Boy George AH Hey Great Hey Hey Hey Hey All the dollars Huh Hum What the boy f*** is? Shea! She just went in really fast! One moment ... Wait!steps stop k getting heavy Who cares! We listened to the one who made a noise But the horrible story stands out We sometimes worked seriously But there was nothing to be censored Go, go, go, I need to move! Go, go, go, how'd you turn your legs up? Fifty hours? Five minutes! Everyone go! Take your arm! Put everything on the floor! If you can do anything, go! It's been rough my internship that you're rating's a diet. Oh well I don't want to show you what I think ass and I wish to you in hell. If don't you get fights if I put enough to fill my piggy pants? It ain't easy. I know James I love to be coming back. I'm tired of considering a little greater than a counterhead. If you want to know what I'll say from that transmitted sound, why not season? I'm too old. Oh, you need a spell. Don't touch the fire. Oh, you need a spell. I'm so old. Oh, you need a spell. You don't know. I'm so old. I need your own paintbrush only. Thank you today. Thanks for my ratings and fun of doubt in this game. What's radio and remodeling do us a day in civil wars as we get. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, you need a spell. Oh, so speaking of the spell, I got these coming up. Then who doesn't pepper prize the two are the main dog of the safe now. Speaking of that, 22 till two, man. This thing is just been a piece of cake today, isn't it? Yes, it has. And I think you probably, I'm old. good stuff. Hey, listen one, I had to do this almost two days in row because it's, you know, that's time of the year. And we were only allowed to play about six bits at this point. Thanks to Joyce. Hey, Joyce, that's for you, honey. So Scott is telling me that the best way that I can make sure that I move on, talk and do on my space is to get a webcam. Oh boy. Oh, yeah, right exactly. I'm thinking, I'm sitting back and asking, oh, thanks for this suggestion, but it sounds a little out of no. A little bit dangerous, you know what I'm saying? Don't you think? Yeah, very dangerous. Of course, I could always set off a blow-up doll over here on this end. You never know. Well, it probably looks better. Because then you know, you see your, your home guy and he, uh, he really looks like, you know, who don't? Yeah. Why ruin that image, right? That's right. When I got that nice picture on it, huh? The movie films are the Irish Mafia and the Russian Mafia. Now, we'll be Irish Mafia in Martin Scorsese, games of pencilvania Dutch country. As a guy, I know, has to find looking milk cow. Yes, it would be a shame if something potions to happen to it. Are these suggesting I pay the protection? Ah, I don't think it. Games of pencilvania Dutch country, it's filled with excitement, but no electricity. Now I've made done by interest payments. And I regret that I am as break if they need with this butterchurn. Past thou forgotten, it isn't sin to collect on the fabric. I need to see steam. Oh, I can forgive it with my blasphemy. I shall break if they need on the morrow. Don't miss the far-and-reason's suspense of games of pencilvania Dutch country. Put aside, I, I, Coventry, or I come at to whack the... Martin Scorsese's games of pencilvania Dutch country. Where they guys are just made, they're crafted by hands. I just served some new bread. I have really been a good girl all year. Western flag, Western flag, Western flag, I really want bigger food. See them down, see them down. My huge now, my huge now. That's what I want Christmas day. The federal food and drug administration has joined the investigation of the E. Coli, outbreak at Taco Bell. No, it is not the E. Coli, Albert. The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell. Well, I drove down to get a beanbow, Rito. Taco Bell was calling out to me. Telled like I was shot with a toy needle. And then I got explosives number three. Rock solid. Then my thru-a-tire, the mull with all trees. Then my thru-a-tire, sleep for a free to my knees. I was a me playing inside my toy needle. Then my thru-a-tire, the mull with all trees. Oh, climb, so sick, it did not as sick as I am. My sick of the new, and plums of all I keep waving down. Or look at me, you can see stuff. I was 12,000, three hours. Oh, that's bad. And we have no way to make. You can see my stream. Oh, it's a lovely stream. Oh, God. Oh, watch out. I get the bathroom on my own. I'll be making it out of the way. I'm so tired. I'm making these a way to show myself. Oh, free to my home. I'm a dream for the world. And I'm a dream for the world. And I'm a dream for the world. I was weak, with gay Saudi appeal. And on my tongue, my son, growing thin. Oh, you're a professor. You're a professor. You're a professor, believe me. I'll recharge my life. You're a professor. You're a professor. No wonder where you're a stripper. I'm a professor too. I hear where these are. I'm a professor. I hear where these are. I hear where these are. Don't you? Don't bother me. Why am I here? I hear. Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking combing me. No, not. I know they've been killing call me every three minutes. Why did we move the practice? Sir, you told me to move the practice. I didn't tell you what you must on this phone. It's done me. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, buff white. On the wall. I make the decisions. You take the heat. Right? You all move the practice. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? I'm holding on. Remus. Evil shot. Bar hell up. I'm on the phone, remus. I'm sorry, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. We're going to get you both. Stop it, remus. I'm going to follow the ball. Stop, son of law, remus. I'm going to follow the ball. Stop, son of law, remus. Remus. Remus. If one person in my hand remus, that's your beat is both. My other hand, remus. That's a full ball. Right? I can't hear anything. We're going to stop, son of law. Sorry. I'm not sure, sir. The moves are working out very well. The practice is for the next time. What? And move it. Quentin, don't we even beat him to WB? Barely. Oh my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Of course. Hold on a second. Remus. Beautiful. What the hell are you doing with a harmonica? We're going to lose the boom. Don't blame, remus. I'll jam that thing down your throat. And give that boom right away for me. Oh, come on, remus. I'm allergic. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.. C southeast Noir? Sir, over 25 million people. Stop Donna filner. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sure, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination. Turn point I out loud. I believe my hands playgrounds. I design, I'm the puppet master. I set you, do it. Now, Fox is going to err all the stuff that you cut out of. Michael Jackson interview. Are you my defense officer? You told me to edit out all that stuff. Enough stuff to make him more angry. Stop it, stop it! Help it, master! Me! Idiot! Oh! Woo! Yes, you, ever! What the hell are you doing now? Mission of law, both. It's nothing wrong with the glory, Miss. What's this in my ear? That you'll beat his both. My other ear, remit. That's the phone, but that's the phone, remit. Get out! Get out of the way! Get out! I'm sorry, sir. Kill me! Kill me! I'm sorry, sir. Kill me! Kill me! Kill me, softly! Okay, what's up, 52? A 2M? We're just about done. Wow, and for me, the year is done. Necred, well done. So, I'm very Christmas happy new year. Thanks for the memories. Back after Happy Chineukha. Yeah, and happy Hanukkah. It's not over yet. I forgot about that. And don't need too many lockers on you. You'd lock out there and even the go-in don't get the carry-to-way. 235 votes on the pool. And you did the week. You did pretty week. You're going to have to work on this. There's a new year's resolution. Jax is going to have to like, you know, create a little greater esteem in the eyes of the audience. It's just not a free best friends. Who should Neal Andrew is will? George 440. Me, whoever you are, 374. Whoever you are, huh? Right. I hate this full 121. And speaking of, huh? He's got 91. And I don't blame you. Booker Brian 87, Brady Quinn 44, nobody 43. Josh Cortis is gone. I've heard him, man. You like that? And poor Jacca, man. He's still trail in the human race. Solament they think all. The biggest name. So best challenge for the business. We all rock. And the word we sell. 560. You ain't even got it. Craymo. What is the deal? With your behavior? My title, Richard. My title, Mrs. Strange Knight. That's the comedy code. Some heck but cut the mess you said you was worse. Don't you think, sign failed? But if we be a last thing, you'd have a bitch in audition. And I've no guessing case, things. Sorry, that was mean. And then he used to have some things. And everybody's her 30 year bureau. Paula, treat me. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. A hot second when you prove the truth. Actin like the soup. Not soup but with a... A soup. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. My mind is so much. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. I can't bear it. Here's all the camera have made you known. Who the thought it could all be described by one camera phone. And now they say, you're a racist but I say no way. They lose heck but wasn't fired by the reproved kid in place. You should have gotten out of it turned it into a bit. When you go, oh you gotta shout it, you should shout it. But now you said that word that you cannot say and you said it with the ear. And not the ear. I want you to say, and you can't say your word. I bring it to myself. Just stop saying the word. I just know. I just know. I just know. I bring it. I bring it. I bring it. I'll travel. I can't help it. I bring it. I'm from my company. I'm from my company. I'm from my company. I'm from my company. Let's go. We've been home. Boy. Dad Com. Move. 8. 8. 8. 7. 8. 8. 8. 8. Bye bye.