Traitor I'm here today. I should see him as... That's it. That's it. That's it. I'm ever pleased when I was living you forever. He said he would say, but we made it to where I'm the way to heaven. And into me and bedroom, we did take a stroll. A ride. He was standing in his underwear told me to bid over and say a prayer. Well, that was relevant when they thanked you, man. I got my list of better preacher, man. He's been a good rest to read. Right, Tom? What's next? What's next? You feel like a sinner. And I showed up to give him your hand. Would all my turn, that was in a way for that. And if was it, why the drip in of my chin? Oh my God. Well, he was standing in his underwear told me to bid over and say a prayer. Well, that was relevant when they thanked you, man. I got my list of better preacher, man. He had the right to read. Right, Tom? Yeah, he was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bid over and say a prayer. Well, that was relevant when they thanked you, man. I got my list of better preacher, man. We can have the right to read. Welcome, pal. It's damn your children. Anyway, a QM non-sports time is 1002, happy Monday, too. It's October 30th. But 30 minutes. I say you know what that means, don't you? Nothing too things. Oh, not that mean much. Means tomorrow is Halloweeny, and it means we can't memorize election day. Do you think there's some connection there, possibly? Uh-huh. US military deaths in Iraq in October reached 100 day, marking making this the deadliest month from American troops in a year. The death toll mounted as militias in Al-Qaeda states fierce battles in Baghdad, other parts of the country, despite a format security crackdown on the capital, and initially US troops on the ground, it worked as well. And meanwhile, a bomb explosion in the solder city area of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad is killed at least 30 people. Not 30, man. And injured more than 60, I think it's up to 39, the death counts so far. That's today, of course. The blast occurred early this morning, and then Mudafah Square on the years of the densely populated predominantly Shia district. It's the Shia's and the Sunis and the Kurds and the Shia's and the Getskis and the Orthodoxy and the Reform and the El. It is so freaking sad, man. Here's the full result from, and the reason that there's so many votes on here, number one, and so few one to one today. Today's pool we only got five fifty seven minutes started. We'll have a tough time getting to a thousand, I think. You're wondering why? Why? I forgot about it. Oh, wow. I'm scared to do pool like early in the day, and then I just forgot about it till about nine o'clock last night. I thought I didn't switch the pool yet. Oh, no. And that's a good one today. Thanks Sean. Who obviously is having white problems or something? Or maybe just reconsidering his life. That's on Sean's pile. Let's pull. Don't blame me for it. Didn't make any difference anyway. We can do all the women offensive pools we want because we don't have any. We're listening anyhow. That's right. We're not going to offend anybody. Not that we would mind defending anybody. Would we? No. We're going to go to a 231-222 vote on the pool from Friday. Most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance, like the Shi'a, and the Sunni, the Gets, the Eason, religious intolerance of 145, a full 44 percent. Green, 661. Ignorance, 344, and how dumb do you have to be? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. To believe all that religious fairy tale stuff. How dumb can you get? Well, that's how dumb you have to be. Corruption, 163. Over population 103. Quit making so many babies, especially all you sluffers out there. The rich get richer and the poor have babies. I've been saying that ever since I was like a little child. I heard them saying that. You know what they're still doing it. Over population 103. I hate this poll only 42, a mere 1.7 percent. That's very low by our standards. Natural disasters only 14. Out of 20, 20, 20 people are sent to the pool from Friday. How about those dolphins? Who's yesterday? And see Josh's team at another stellar game? A pho-man. Okay. They got, I'm not going to rub it in. What the hell do I know? I mean, the patrons got to play the Vikings tonight. I think it easily moves that game. And then next week they got to play them damn cool. Oh, man. I saw some of the lowlights of that game. What the hell's the story? You talk about blowing a game right there in the N.S. and Denver. What's like they had them beat, didn't it? Yeah, almost. They didn't. Guess who died by the way? Maybe Josh heard of Mamshir Jordan. That boxer guy? No. A boxer guy? Yeah. I hope it wasn't puppy. Barbara boxer? Oh, I know where you're going for. There you go. Very hard. Arnold Red Hour Bach who for more than a half a century was the competitive competitive and occasionally abrasive for soundification of pro basketball's greatest dynasty. The Boston Service. You know, who loves to part of time to play by play for the Soviets? No, no, no, no, no. The idea is to in the Washington area who was 89. He used to smoke all of the famous for smoking a big stove. He's a ghost to show you if your smoke big fat stove is like one-stand church on a hour by you're going to die. He was 89 though. Which would be happy to make it 89? Sure. I'll take it. I wish I could smoke sir. They're really good. They just tear up my throat. And they're, they, they, they, and that could not. Not good for it. He died of a heart attack. The AP said a courtman B.A. source. In two decades of NBA coaching our Bach won 938 games are record when he retired 1966 as well as nine record NBA championship titles. The number he shares with field Jackson. In most 20 years, 16 with the Solvis our Bach had only one losing season, bobbling almost two-thirds of his games. He was inducted at the basketball Hall of Fame in 1969. Loving years later, recognizes the greatest coaching NBA history by the professional basketball writers and association of America. That's, I got news for you. You ain't no Johnny Moestown. Say to that. That same year, 1980, he was inducted a second time into the Hall of Fame in recognition of his contributions to the game. And now he's dead. Our old red hour boss, one of the, really, I mean, forget about it. I don't care about the NBA. Anyway, he's just a colorful guy. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Why can't we play? Why can't we play? Why can't we play? Is that where you're saying this? Oh, you're bad. You are really bad. Everything he turns into a racial thing. We don't say we get really sour now because you probably forgot to turn a clock back on the Saturday night. I definitely did not. I was going to do. Here's today's baseball. Well, he is certainly just because the Tampa Bay bucks suck and he lost again yesterday. They did score a touchdown, though. That's pretty good. What's the worst thing about women? 500-82 votes. Non-stop bitching, 120 bitching and mowing. Mowing. Although I voted for nagging myself. Yeah, that's what I voted for. Moved swings, 11 16. It's that time in the month like every other day or every other minute. It doesn't have to be that time at the point. That's why I just said that's our hashtag. You weren't fewer than I thought. That's not shining here. How do you act after? Those times about freezing. Never say what they mean 72. When realistic expectations 72, nagging 56, that's if you do a much better nagging. Why did you do this? Why did you do this? Why did you do this? Why did you do this? Nagging. There is nothing worse than a loud, shri-all nagging bitch. I'm sorry. I hit this 4.54 or 9.2%. That certainly couldn't be all women. We don't have that many women. When they get saggy and sloppy and believe me, they eventually will. 54. No sense of humor 18 and rush to commitment 10. I don't even know what that means. What does that mean? Rush to commitment. They always want to get their hooks into you. Just dating isn't good enough. Mary and Mary are doing all their bills as quickly as possible. I bet your Josh is a Russian girlfriend once you married right away. No, no, no. Go ahead. Thank God, boy, you lucky. Don't do it. Don't ever do it. Let George give me 85,000 reasons why you shouldn't do it. He'll explain it to you. He wrote the Bible. Our sales department is just, you know, I know the audience gets really fair to me. Bitching and mowing like a woman. About how sales department. I just can't deal with it, man. They're just they're crazy people. Anyway, speaking of that, measly broadcast groups at third quarter net income fell 37.1%. The 2.4 million dollars and revenue. The 3.1% to 31.1 million. measly broadcast groups. Softness in Philadelphia and South Florida, which includes power night. And Chris and QAM plus no financial ad. The lower national ad sales cards of the clients. The NAPO's base company said in the press release. Let's send Miguel out there in the street corner by a sub shop. The sub center. Would they bucket to raise money for the visas? Let's find another revenue stream. That's all that regulatory and crap to play on. Power to. In Miami, third quarter results were reflected the expensive WQM's baseball broadcast rights. Oh, the Marlins are killin' us. God, your killin' us, David Samson and Delilah. And lower revenue at Power Night Eastist, which we are seeking to address to Operation and Personnel changes. So George Beesley, Chairman and CEO, through Operation and Personnel changes. Ha ha ha ha ha. No, lower revenue at Power Night Eastist, they're playing what? Regate. Regate tone. That's that. But we're telling music. That's not just played all day long. Why do they do that? Tanner said so. Oh, what is it? Tanner. You're fair. In this regard, we began to realize sales and operating improvements at our Miami Sports Station resulting from changes implemented earlier this year. We easily broadcast those and operates 43 West Radio Station. See, they're even George Beesley from our Miami Sports Station. I don't know. Must be this one. Sports radio. QM Sports time is 11 past 10. And I mean, solvers got an article in the hero of the yesterday. Why is cracking? Paragraph. I don't know. Must be this one. Sports radio. QM Sports time is 11 past 10. Why is cracking? Paragraph. A couple of sports junkies. I'm going to read that about our new morning show, the Canadian Bow without more morning show. 600 votes even on the poll about women. How about if we put nothing? Like what? Nothing. Well, the worst thing about women. Not sure. Nothing. I love them. Or nothing. They're great. How's that? Okay. For all those guys who haven't been unfortunate enough like most you have. I mean, maybe there's some very lucky guys out there who are willing that sweet, wonderful women who never bid your name or, you know, I've heard stories. Yeah. Like you do about, you know, big foot in the law class, law class, law class, you know, like Ness Monster, we've really seen these creatures, but you hear stories about them. I'm sure that there might be some, maybe I want to know. Maybe not necessarily in the USA, right? Of course, a lot of these Canadian women are also a dikey looking, but that's just those haircuts and those outfits. I don't know what you're laughing about. It's true. There's a lot of very dikey looking Canadian women. And the British women, I think it's the British connection. They've jumped. They're too cough. I think, or maybe the Burka. I told you that already. I don't know what you're laughing about here. Many people in my building, there are many Muslim people who are using that. And some of them were the full, uh, in G, uh, what they call G and G, I don't know what it would be a surreal experience, I think. Oh, there you go. Yeah. And why they multiply like rabbits, I'll tell you that. It was, uh, scary. 1013 at 560 WQM, your sports station, that's our sports time on your sports station when you're a sparer, uh, man. This sales department, if there are a lot of spots on here, we'll say that. They don't have to much else. They certainly aren't, uh, they're crazy people. Today is October 30th, which means you've got, uh, you and Lou Bakro Chibi got just two days to take advantage of this deal if they're running out. They're raised to a thousand. So the first time in their history, Lou Bakro Chibi, they were, I've been by my great Corvettes and other cars for over 20 years now. They want to sell a thousand cars in one month. So if you want to help them do that, but up more importantly, take advantage of the fantastic deals that we're getting for you right now. Then you got today in the morning to do it. They had the biggest selection of doing. Do end use cars and putting those hot new vets, trucks, SUVs and minivants anywhere in town. They've also got great use cars starting at just 3995 bucks. Every single lot of them backed by a car fax guarantee you won't find any lemons on a lot. Look, I said, Lou Bakro sets the sell a thousand cars in October. And they're staying open late till midnight every night to get that number. Today in tomorrow, that's it. Forget the price, make them an offer. They'll beat any deal. More money for your trades, 0% financing. We made some to sick to add. Whatever it takes, they'll do it for you. Only a Lou Bakro chair, believe it. Two locations for you in Pomp and Obeets, a quarter mile west of on any farm. By the way, how'd I go yesterday, Josh? It was great. And a coconut creek on 40, just off of the saw grass and spres way. Don't forget they're staying open mid night every night. So get your fat out of some of the Lou Bakro chair, believe right now, get the best deal on the Chevy. You ever gotten in your pathetic life or check them on the wicked web and Lou Bakro VACH RODT, Loubackroad.com. The biggest name of the best challenge for this is the Roger's 4-SWITEO 5-60. And... That's talking about women. Hey boy, what's that in your mouth? You're fair. Lou, look at me. She's dead. Look in those great nights. I can't even get out of the way that she wants to see me. Lou, look away, Lou, shoo, get my feet to be my life. I let the people away, so brush your blood, use my bag and back away that she wanted to snoray. Yeah, I'm up late, and wouldn't have been a road in here to forgive her mother's heart. Lou, look at me. Lou, look at me. Lou, look at me. Lou, look at me. Lou, look at me. Hey, you're not a man. People's no more. I say that with both of them. Ten nineteen. Here's a thanks from my university died, setting his taxes again. It couldn't be Kimba, could it? Maybe. Just for the poll, they're memory. If you screw up, they'll never ever forget it, and they'll make danger. You don't need it. And I'll never let you forget about it. Alright. They're memory. Got it? Look at that. Nothing. They're great. So I already got one poll. That's 632. Nothing long with one. They're all great. Anyway, here's Eileen Soler's column from yesterday's money. I took your call on Friday for those who think I don't take any calls anymore. I took my home Friday. Yeah. And if you missed what they said, it was. That was it. Okay. Anyway, it says two hometown guys are making a good team on local morning radio sports talk show. Well, thank God for the old press, a little PR maybe because we sure needed. And of course, those beesley numbers. I shouldn't have thrown that stir out. I shouldn't have shmit candid. Then it's say power ninety six was in the dumpper, but they're going to can everybody Zansoveter, because they're playing that garbage all day that. What is it? Rigotone. Rigotone. Rigotone. Rigotone music. Sure. Sounds a tag into me. Anyway, Eileen writes it's a guy thing from seven to ten a week. Days and drive time sports radio. Oh, I just can't stand it anymore. Sports radio WQAM 560. Armed chair quarterbacking chair a char hot burger is dolphin cheerleaders and manliness are topics for testosterone driven banner between local two local dudes hitting the kidney and both morning show. There's no question that they got the Ameil audience out there don't they? Or at least nine tenths of the percent of them. Since late August Kenny Walker of Davy formerly the daring wild 100 co-host, the daring wild 100 co-host, the legendary John Foody Cross as team with former dolphins player and current WFOR CBS four weekend sportscaster and lunghead Kim Bo Camp or a plantation. Kim Ballison Plantation I didn't know that. Better sell a house. The results so far as a marriage made in locker rooms. What do they mean by that? I get to make fun of Kenny when a shirt looks happy so that's every day. Bo Camp or equipped in a recent Wednesday morning station break. Walker happy to be wearing a stylish confident blueish blousey top with the yellow green and pinkish graphics sounds very gay to me. But I beat Bo at golf Walker's stand for the smirk. They play golf. Walker who do a huge listening bass at wild 100 with his outrageous war of the roses candid phone segment that triggered couples in the honor of Spatz and he and Bo Kaper are our balanced team. Walker married for eight years to Dorie Grogan to record events in entertainment for the Miami dolphins and the father of Garrett 7-25 in Newborn Lily represents the every man fan perspective while Bo Camp respects from a professional athletes point of view. The dual provides sports infotainment in a woven with news and commentary about local national sports teams. It's all served up with post game critiques a little bit of sex and heavy doses of humor. All in our welcome. Oh, baby. Bo Camp was said to show us a throwback of the days when guys hung out in barbershops to talk about sports women and gadgets. Never those days? No. Bo Camp. So how to co-ed Luke Vacro yesterday, Josh? Awesome. Got the three zeos sixes right there in the show room? Yeah. Almost trust test for them. Don't let him take one you'll ever see him again. Bo Camp for Mary since 1980 to Colleen in the father of Courtney 20 and Kimberly 14. He's a player talk that he and Walker signed on with a four week contract and options to take a fifth pending negotiations. We take the job of doing the show seriously, but wait what makes us fun is we don't take ourselves seriously, Bo Camp for said unlike the guy that precedes them. Rock solid takes himself very, very seriously. Rock solid. Actually, in the radio world shows can last as long as advertisers by time and list is tune in. It says program director the anxious unqualified and on the way out the door Josh Dero said the Kenny and Bo show will likely air for a very long time. We have fun. Have some last one. Something as serious will do that too, Dero said. It's a little bit of everything. All right. There's a little free publicity in the Harold by Ileens solar. Thank you, Ileens for sucking up. That was very nice. Clarence said we have a little fun. Of course he said that back in the days of the morning. What did they call that abortion? The zoo, new, madoo, whatever. No, what that's how they called it. The morning abortion. Go through on a herzo. Oh my god. Wow. Oh, that was really beyond belief. Carolyn was on that show too, by the way. That. 649 votes on the pool. What's the worst thing about women? This is one of one of my gracious Sean's pool. Sean is one of our regular pool directors. Well, I don't want them to think that I'm picking on the ladies out there because I what do I care? I mean, mom's dead. She was some kind of a nag though. I'll tell you. Oh, right. Now, let's run. Oh, god. What's the worst thing about women? Non-stop bitching. 134 mood swings. 130. Nick and Nick knows to know. We got a good battle going on between those two. Unrealistic expectations 80. Like there's their first kiss in that right away. Why are we going to give Mary? When he going to give me a ring? Never say what they mean. 79. Nagging 75. Yeah. Yeah. I hit this full 69.2%. When they get saggy and sloppy 59, when their boobs hang down that are knees. No sense of humor 19. Rush to commitment 10. Nothing. They're great for. And they're memory. None. I don't think that's going to give many votes. They're memory. No. I don't think that's probably they never forget would be a better way of putting it. But I don't want Eric to have to change that. Because I'm sure he's got a lovely wife and he's got a nice little family. They're up in Orlando and you know. He's not going to be participating in this. You'll get cut off for a while. Alkina's got plans for an October surprise. How do you like that? Oh my God. Is Osama Vidla going to weigh in on the midterm elections. A senior counterterrorism official according to Newsweek, anonymous like other officials Newsweeks spoke to because the subject is sensitive. Says that based on previous patterns such as the release of a rare bin Laden tape just before the 2004 presidential vote, a message before election day would not be surprised. Private expert and pervert Evan Coleman who consults for the feds on terror probes says Alkina has likely released tapes at the rate of two or three a month. This month they're short by one or two. So we think say pre-election message is a very good likelihood. Another US official says in telx berth believe Alkina wants to be relevant to the US political process. It's a week of tomorrow election day. Vote early and often. But a third counterterror official says we don't have any indication of Osama company or about the service. Spokesman for the FBI and Homeland Security Department said they were out of where a specific intel force shadowing an attack on US or a before the elections. Overseas this red is more ominous. Reportive of possible attack on Saudi oil installations which could raise US gas prices again. Oh that would be bad. The perpetrators would probably be Saudi al-Qaeda affiliates. Methods could include trucker boat bombs, US agencies are uncertain the threats could ability to own the non. They're just guessing. South could be this or maybe they will do it and maybe they won't. Who the hell knows, right? They don't know non. That's why you're paying all those tax dollars because they don't know not. But we are killing a lot of people. That's the good news. 26 past 10 at 5 60 WQA and that's our sports time here. It's an Eastern daylight time. You're right. This really. It's just everything I'm care. You know what I mean? Another was I said to clock solve back. And I guess I got next hour sleep as a result and I don't really care one way or the other. Makes no difference to me. I just don't like the changing. Isn't going to change my life. You know what I mean by that? When you get to be my age you just plan to wake up in the morning. That's all. When you get to be old. Some days my birthday by the way, aren't you excited about that? I'm sure the cards are pouring in. There's a pile of them every day. They're talking about it. They're talking about it. They're talking about it. They're talking about it. I feel piles right now. Hey, speaking of birthdays at St. Alemanthus is 30th birthday. God, turn it in man. And the celebrate dialometres and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best telling Simmons Beauty Res Pelotop. You can sleep in real comfort like I've been doing for years on a great Simmons Beauty rest. You can choose from St. Alemanthus. Of Simmons Beauty Res and get sandwiched with a very good piezons at Dilementres. So if you're finally ready for a really great night's sleep, just make that easy call. No running around town, no wasting town, gas comparison shopping, because you don't when you make that call, you get the best deal possible. Dilementres is 1-800 mattress. He was the effect we'd do at prices of woodwinding service, no nonsense, no BS, no repost, no offerings. Dilementres gives you 12 months financing and with Dilementres, they deliver when you want him to. Any day, 7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. you picked it to our window and they show up on time even the same day that you call. That's why Dilementres has been in continues to be ranked number one in the world. I'm going to ask you a question for a question about everybody at QM, use Dilementres. On the web check them out at Dilementres.com or like I said, pick up your instrument and call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, leave off the last S4 savings and sales holes. So if you're not going to be a sports radio 560, you can't get a second opinion if you want to. Is that it now? That's it. I want to double check and they show. That's it? We'll get a second opinion if you want. Sales people are ice holes. This week on ABC. Once we drive you on a dance floor, you would like a disco machine. From the creators of Dancing with the Stars. So my stuff they've checked, I unless you've used the gentle curve of your butt with glass. Sarah Evans and her husband, star in. I want to make it dance for her. I'm a beauty. I'm the stars. You do have any clue that he was cheating on you? I don't see you on your own. There is women highball in there. You know cheating on the stars. I shrink the nigger of women. He found his third wife and then the second wife. He got some of her sitting down in a tire bottle. And he got his pro back. 1032 SRQAM Sports Time. As our jox grab lickin' and slip in time. We have six hundred eighty seven votes on the pool. Let's make it to a thousand with even a week and a late start. That's my bad. I apologize profusely. Don't I? No. Who cares? Just days and you know we never got a fax. We never got a call because when I take an any call saying to this. But I'm sure that would have been one of them from Dave the cops saying, Hey my cardinals one world series. Maybe Dave the cup is gone these days. He knows the fast number. I'm sure he'll fax from wherever he's at. I'm sure he's gone. He's gone. They don't want to listen to some fat old fag on a radio. We didn't use to resolve it for four hours. That's why a lot of the audiences are gone. I wanted to like call up every day and talk crap. And that part of the audience I wanted to call up every day and talk crap. We'd be delighted if they'd go away. The only problem is. They're not. They're the last ones to believe. Chronix. Maybe we could come up with something that they could drink. Luxembourg chronic tonic would be good like to cure that disease. No. Just days after the Cardinals run the top on our major league baseball the world series and a boring very lowly watch series. I didn't watch ten minutes of the whole thing. I'm not sure you watched watch the whole series. No. I wanted really a total of nine in English. Tondrous really boring. Non-competitive. Tigers just they forgot to show up. And they're feeling you can't complain about their fielding prowess because they didn't have any. They kept throwing it away. Anyway. Their hometown jumped the first place on the list and nobody wants to be in first place on the most dangerous cities in the USA. Oh my God. Same Louis. The Midwest in city is long been in the upper tiers of the annual Nike Invination safest and most dangerous cities can provide by Morgan Quinto press. Violent crime surge from nearly in the surge nearly 20% there from 2004 to last year. When the rate of such crimes rose much faster than the Midwest and the rest of the nation. It just said the way this city is resident Sam Dawson said on the news he heard killing someone's been shot. A lot. The second Los Angeles city was Detroit. Oh, what a surprise that is followed by Flint Michigan. That's Michael Moore's hometown and Compton, California. The rankings released early today came as the city celebrates Friday's World Series victory at the new Bush Stadium. The big arch. St. Louis has been spending millions of dollars under the renewal even as the crime rate climbs. St. Louis may or Francis stayed to slay. He just slays me. Didn't return calls to his office he can come at yesterday. Among Ohio cities, Cleveland was ranked as 7th Los Angeles. Young start at number 9 and the Cincinnati 18. Scott Morgan, president of Morgan Quinto press, a private research in publishing company, specializing in state and city reference books. So he's not surprised to see Sam Lewis on top of list since it's been among the most 10 most dangerous cities for years. It's a dangerous, dangerous, nasty, hot, humid place. It blows. Morgan said the study looks of cram moldy within St. Louis city limits with the population of about 30, 130,000. Doesn't take into account the suburbs in St. Louis County which has roughly 9,000,000,000. The burbs. The safest city in 2005 was brick new jersey. Never heard of it in my life. Brick brick. As in Go Stroh, one out to window. A population of about 78,000 followed by Amherst New York. You know what that's just suburb of Don't you? You know what it's there? Buffalo. Oh, nobody wants to live there. And mission be in Hoh California City of just under 100,000 people south of LA, but they very young median age at a 37 years old. What's the median age in South Florida? About 90? Cities are ranked based on more than just their crime rate. Morgan said individual cram such as rape or burb. We are measured separately compared to national averages. And then compiled of your city or ranking crimes are weighted based on their danger to people. The National Effort figures released in June showed the murder rate in St. Louis. On 16% from 2004 to 2005 compared with 4.8% national and their killing each other for killing us. While crime increased in all regions last year, the 5.7% rise in the 12-mid-Western States was at least three times higher than any other region occurred to the FBI. Most dangerous 25, you want to. And then we've also got to safest 25. Guess what's the number 25 of the safest list? Portsaint. Lucy. Right. 25 safest place. The most dangerous 25. You're going to be surprised. I don't see over the 25, which is Orlando. I don't see any Florida cities on here. Not one. G. I'm surprised. Most dangerous 25. St. Louis number one number two Detroit. Then Flint, Michigan, Continental California. Fifth is Candid New Jersey. You don't want to go there. Birmingham, Alabama. Cleveland, 7. Open California. Youngstown Ohio, 9. Gary, Indiana, 10. All the smokes of the fifth. Richmond, California 11. I have no idea. I never heard of it. Did you? No. Richmond, California. Maybe it means Richmond, Virginia, but it's this California. I don't believe that. On Albert Smith, Virginia is on here. Sorry. Baltimore's 12th, Memphis, Tennessee, 13. Trenton, New Jersey, a festering outdoor sewer. And outdoor septic tank, a stump pump is 14. Richmond, Virginia is 15. Kansas City, Missouri, 16. Atlanta, 17. Cincinnati, 18. Washington, DC is 19. North Charleston, South Carolina, 20. New Jersey, 22. New Jersey, blows. Little Rock Arkansas, 23. San Bernard, New California, 24. And the 25th most dangerous city in the USA is Orlando. Get out of there. Quite as still, again, good. Safe is 25. Brick, New Jersey. See, I mean, a lot of these are places nobody ever heard of. Amherst, New York is second, as Buffalo. Mission V. H. O. California, third. Newton, mass fourth. Troy, Michigan, fifth. Collin in New York, 6. Marshall, dw,. 1500. You are home at southern isrid, theft over 70, New Jersey, 37 points. Relatively, penned these cases at Ervine California 7. обяз tremendousCHOOL train connection numbers are created Nonites. who now wants to live there. At least some of Missouri's 19, broken era Oklahoma 20, Chino Hills, California 21st, Gilbert Arizona, 22, Edison, New Jersey 23, Cranston, Rhode Island, 24, and 25 safest city in the U.S. is porcelain loosely Florida. I'm just excited about Crossbrains being the 10th St. Are we always hearing about gangs and violence, Crossbrains? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just making it up. My following, you don't think there was a email down there. I mean, not email, you're fetters. That's where you're going to get it again. You better talk for a second while I go get it. All right, so this is a COD package down there. For me, I have no idea what it is. I got to go down and get a guy $6.30 from UPS. I didn't order anything. What's up with it being? Why is something that better not be seen? If you sent me something that I got to go down and pay in the middle of the show, $6.30 and $30. The guy's down there waiting for me. It charged me posted, so I don't know why they would be charging here. Oh, no, that's customs, man. You don't get it. You sent me something or deal. Yeah, it's a birthday coming up. Oh, what a jerk. I told you, don't be doing that. I told you I was going to anyway, so. Stop doing that. You never get you goof all. No. Anyway, I'm going to do a thing here. I'm going to get my clothes on. Do a thing. What is? The 40 is our QA in sports time. You know, in auto license, a traumatic experience, shocks, dress, tourists. It's something nobody wants to happen. But when it does, you need help answering all those questions that'll raise to your mind. What do I do now? Do I need medical treatment? Know it strong enough. Она doesn't need medical treatment. Then what do I do now? I'm going to put in a minute. I taught the...'sual policy, that's why it's mind coming up forara. Anyway, how can ahhh go up in E. Someone knows how smart I am. Here, put in a day rest assured, or something. You know, getting ready for an E. I'm finally ready for the衣ific point of action. And when she participates, saloon videos from R. Whartonz portraits. question answered about your auto-assent and what you need to do. One triple eight crash 61 that's one eight eight eight crash 61. The one rotters for 0.560. He got the right. Yeah, look. You thought that home-made off-boony was straight-y-ay. What a surprise. He got the only Republic in voting. You got that. In time you've found drives me straight. The whole party is sweet both way-y-ay. That's the sum of equipment and shaking thoroughly-y-ay. That's the sum of equipment and shaking thoroughly-y-ay. Two-firm shade. Wow. What color is this? Crad? Just to aggravate you and make you spend your time here. One-two, one-two. Wow. What color is this? Crad? just to aggravate you and make you spend money during the time. A sidewinder. Yeah, they don't make those for the 30 gigs anymore. Took a lot of trouble finding that one. Well thanks George. Wasn't that sweet? The George Alley. Did you send me a condolence card? When you get to be my ageon send gifts anymore for birthday. Just a card saying, oh, I'm so sorry. 64 is so freaking old. Yeah, I don't think. I don't feel a day over 63. I'm still not 64 until Sunday. So cut X-ray. Anyway, look at this aside one. What's the difference about this than my iPod? Well, no, it's for the iPod. You put your iPod in that and it's a case that... Oh, this is a case. Yeah, and then little, a little thing pops out that looks for you to line the court on. There are a million cases for iPods, but only the sign line or actually provides a place for you to wrap your court. Hmm. Yeah, for what it's worth. Hmm. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. What actually should be? Actually, it should be two objects in there. What do you mean by that? Well, it's also the MP3 player travel case. Yeah, that's probably your access or the nice thing. Ha, it says it. If he not, that's good. Nice case. You're a case, all right. The lunatic. And cost me $6.30. Can any of you, eh? I don't you understand that the post is he most people don't realize that. I guess that's not how we realize that either when I start ordering stuff to be delivered here. That's why in the middle of the show, I think you've rushing downstairs through my clothes on my shoes. Oh, brother. A lot of stress. A lot of pressure. I was back pretty quick though, eh? Yeah, you were. It's because I had the right chain. $6.30. I can handle that. I was going to have a lot of good change. Since there's a post that you're charging, you think that all of that is taking care of. That's not customs. No, I'm trying to explain to you, man. I'm trying to explain it to you, Lucy. It's not the customs. There's another charge. Those bastards. Yeah. That's a scam. It's Canadian scam. They got to get so many scum. They got no people to get the tax money out of. Although the taxes here are really outrageous. 722 votes on the pool. What's the worst thing about women? Non-stop pitching 147 mood swings, 145. Almost dead, even. Look at that. Unreleased against Victorations 87. Never say what they mean 86. Nage 86. Nage 86. Nage 86. No, kill ya. I hate this pool 64.7%. Well, we like it. When they get saggy, saggy, almost saggy, saggy and sloppy 64. Same difference. No sense of humor 19. Nothing. They're great 13. There you go. 13 women voted. Rosh to commitment 10. And they never forget eight. Yeah, the first date they want to get married. They want to like, especially if you got some money. If you got something they want. Oh, there is it. The first date unless you have money. Anx rated instant messages risked to you. OPE control and Florida. What does that mean? The wrong. The outstop. The outstop. That's not what boys watch. What's the benefit? Crazy person captain. Everybody knows you're crazy. Like that crazy person. He got too chances. Much, much less than un and minus infinity. Captain Harris. Tiny's got a better chance of being elected, to the Senate. And he's been bid for a couple of years. Your buddy Doug Thompson is circulating again. I was worried about him. I'm always afraid that one of these days whenever the column from him. He's going to disappear. Yeah. He's going to go off to Syria, perhaps. Like Mayor Arar. Doug Thompson says close the curtain on 12 years of GOP failures. Please. Talk to River Public and Political Operative lately and once you get by the false public revotto that all I'm trying to leave me to project, you see nothing but desperation in their eyes. The world is crashing down on the party the elephant and they have only themselves to blame for the disaster that awaits them November 7. A week from tomorrow, all is that going to be an exciting day or what? I don't know. In the House, Republicans are more likely to see in that loss of 20 to 35 seats and with it, their majority says respected political analysts Charlie Cook in the Senate's GOP could lose at least four, but a five or sixty losses more likely, a sixty-chain-berged change tips to chambered Democratic hands. Doug Thompson says that known Charlie for more than 20 years, he doesn't make reckless predictions of anything he plays at safe. Projecting the loss of 20 to 35 seats and asked means big, big trouble for Republicans. Publicly Republican saying the election will swing their way on voter turnout local issues privately they admit they're screwed. We're F. That's all there is to it, a prominent GOP strategist told me over the weekend. We followed George W. Bush into the black hole of Iraq and there's no way out we're F. Well, F. Then, Bush's political hitman Carl wrote promised Republicans and October surprised to turn the tide, but the surprises kept drowning in Republicans, mounting losses in Iraq, the Mark Fuller Congressional Page scandal, and increasingly diswakeonomic news. In key center races, Republicans are dumping millions in less-minute attack ants to try to sway voters. Here in Virginia, our local NBC affiliate ran 71 asked from Republican incumbent George McCockowitz Allen, the National Republican Senator of a Republican National Committee attacking Democratic-Challenge Jim Webb during Sunday's telecast of the NASCAR next-tailed coverage. But while Republicans try to convover his one more time, America's headed for a serious trouble in the real world. Controller General David Walker warns the U.S. to set it for an economic disaster because of the budget-busting spending policies of Bush and the Republican controlled Congress, just before this election embarked on a fiscal wake-up tour to drive the message home. Your can't solve a problem until majority of the people believe you have a problem that needs to be solved Walker says, and that's the central problem from too many years of control by a reckless and irresponsible Republican party. Republicans refuse to believe there is a problem, especially one of their own making. They increased government spending while cutting taxes driving deficits to record levels. Bush continued to argue that the Iraq War is winnable, even though his own generals in a vast majority of the American public know otherwise. The Republican leadership of Congress tried to ignore a serial sexual predator in their midst, hoping the problem would go away. It didn't. For the past as New Year's the man for Republican leadership of Congress was evasion of the fact that the importance of reality. Now, it proviers of corruption, valiance, arrogance, and outright malfeasance have come down on the GOP like a plague of locus, leaving behind a rotting, putrid sludge that used to be a great nation. A rotting putrid sludge, I can almost smell it. Must be watching across Lake Ontario, eh? The first step to cleaning up the mess comes next week when we march into the voting booth and vote to throw out the garbage. That's only the first step. If the polls and prognosticators prove right, we can't waste time celebrating an elephant's death. We have to make sure that the party of the jackass that takes his place doesn't return wits all the ways to do them business. Change is only the beginning and change must be the man for the guys that's all in the coming years of the Democrats f up the opportunity. It'll be time to scrap our current system government and find one that works. How do you do that? Revolution sounds like you for a follow you guys right out there in the streets. Not. So this thing is a thing. It's a case and there are millions of what there are, no other devices as many accessories for it as the iPod is unfreeze. I know that. I got a nifty rubber case for it, but certainly it is durable as this thing. I like the rubber. This thing is really rock solid. But that's what got all kinds of things like it's got a kick stance that you can set it up and look at it while you're playing with it. Really it'll stand up on end and the side one thing was the big selling point for me because nobody gives you anything to do with your headphone cord like what does it like to wrap it up. So whatever, I didn't actually play with it. And thank God for that. I wouldn't want to be touching you. No, no, you're the first one to touch it. I love the time you guys that made it. I'm putting it right in its nice nifty case here. My MP3. Oh, look at that. It's beautiful. And maybe some day I open it up again. Maybe. Now actually my prize possession is what you did for me was that come on little things about the billmons. I can't believe you found that number one number two. I got it. That is just amazing. Good song. That's great. That's spectacular. And that one of the all time best song. But they did have good and really. In fact, a lot of memories I came in both L.A.R. But you know, when you get to be dissolved. Happy birthday, Neil. Oh, yeah. Thank you so much. Oh, what a stupid. Yeah, that whole business. That's Sunday. And then Tuesday we had a election day. I will say this though. It got there fast when you went into your package. Like, you know, me worry about my ride a year. Something like that. You said it on Friday and day. Yeah. Right. That's when I ordered it. It's from there. Sure. They are. They are. They are music world. I ordered stuff from them. Oh, I messed up New York. When I was more to order it from Amazon, but like I told you, nobody makes those sidewenders for that size. Oh, it's nice to me. York. I have no idea. Well, let's go to the show. One moment, please. Number hermit. Map of mass, Pennsylvania, or look at this. Yeah, now you guys do about to see what the hell it is. Boy, it's that New York. New York City. In fact, it looks to me like it might be. I can't really tell where that is. It's on a long island. It's somewhere. One, one, three, seven, eight, mass, pet me or an ever heard of in my life. So anyway, if it's coming from New York to hear, that's not very far. That's just to give it to you all rock from here to the mass pet. Right. That's a big one. But you know how that shipping and handling thing always is they sit on it for a week. Sometimes you PS. No, no, no, no, no. It's not helping. It's not PS is great. Now, it's going to spread eggs to the damn near right. It's like maybe sometimes better. Now, those are two. My very favorite businesses. UPS and folks, man. Oh, look at that. I just crossed out the last break in the next hour. Not that I'm going to be great to want to pack your own new plate or anything like that. But 750 votes on a full, we better really work hard. We're not going to get no $500 in a day. And that's my band. The biggest thing. So, let's take a look at this. We lost. This is the Neil Rogers show. Who took the boys with? If you're a thing, did my other down home families style restaurant with Cracker in the name? Then you better stay the hell away from the new down home families style restaurant with Cracker in the name. But if you ain't come on in to white Cracker Barrel, you'll be seated in one of our two separate buddy cool downing rooms. In the white room, Neil and you're in a cocktail like a fight Russian white lady, not spider or anytime alive, as long as it's white or a beer. And the kids will enjoy coolates or milk. Sorry, no traffic. Relax to our 510 music with no rhythm whatsoever. Your discrimi mate can taste will be prejudice for our new exclusive menu. Black 7 Fried Chicken, white meat of course, smarter than white gravy or try the other white meat for chopped with applesauce. And from the seafood lover, triax, lucid, white and kangen white fish. And everything is served, smothered in man-a-dness. And in our black dining room, you can sit in the bag, finish your meal, then get the hell out of here. Either way, you'll get what you deserve at the only you white Cracker Barrel down home families style restaurant. Where why it is all way right? See, I don't know what the big deal of it is. If you put Cracker in the name, isn't any one to business with Cracker? Okay, sure. Mass Path is old school of Queens at its best. Food neighborhood of families, small shops and restaurants. Residential Mass Path is on the Mass Path plateau. The last high ground in Western Queens, with good views of Manhattan skyline. But the city feels a world away from homie grand avenues, posh delies and Irish bars. So, did you just want to go there right away? Yo, if I can go now, yeah. Mass Path is Weston and Deaths on the rear slope down the Newton Creek, which borders Brooklyn to the north is Woodside. Elmhurst is northeast, middle of the Aziz, and the south is Ridgewood. The main dragon Mass Path is Grand Avenue, O'Sams Grand Damay. And it is core is where Grand Me, 609th Avenue, this is off the LIE, the Long Island's Spressway. This commercial heart extends to the north and south of the LIE, which cuts Mass Path in half. Next we long for Westbury and the Roosevelt Raceway, Long gone, Western Feets. All right, well, Mass Path near Seaward Loan, something is educational and so on. So, everybody, thanks to George Semi, they're really nifty as I wander from my iPod. I thought it was like some kind of a gadget, you know? Well, it's kind of a gadget gadget. I'm disappointed. I'm just joking, just relax. For this of trying to teach you lesson, equipment, spending money and sending me crap, okay? I can afford my own crap. I know it's a nice gesture, but every year I send you don't send me something. I'm an ignoring it every year. Well, Joshua, come in there and give you a wet kiss on the lift. This is where you say, hey, you're dead. I'm going to send stuff to your carcass, probably, but that's because of their guilt trip that you're on. What guilt trip? I don't know. I'd buy something for everybody on their birthday. You know what? I think it was like this morning where I was shaving and wanted to slip my throat. What? I don't know. I don't know what I want to say. Yeah, I'm on my mind. Yeah, I'm on my mind. Yeah, I'm on my mind. Yeah, I'm on my mind. Yeah, I'm on my mind. Because I was thinking about our mutual, uh, X friend pony tail. I was thinking about that whole, like, oh, you know, my mother dying. Uh, I don't like the inches, man. I don't like, uh, oh, guess what? Meals mother died by you, you know, calling everybody in the phone book sucking up. Quit sucking up, Rimmer. Don't you miss Ferrell and I? No, just go away. Don't you miss Ferrell? I remember one time he called me up in a middle of conversation. I'm your best friend. I'm your best and know you're not. See, it's one thing about me. I don't, uh, I don't play the game. You know what I mean? I'll tell you right to your face, right to your ear. Oh, you're not. Don't you miss Ferrell? I know. Seven hundred and sixty five ohts on the pool. Yeah, he just was annoying. And as far as the other one is concerned, no comment. The second dance in the Duke rate case is said for the first time that the accuser told her to go ahead, put marks on me after he led the attack. You following that? Okay. Dan Sir Kim Roberts made the new allegation, which he hasn't shared with authorities, an interview with Chris Cuomo that aired today on Good Morning America. Roberts allegation comes after Dorm District Attorney Mike Nyefong's admission in Core last week that he has the interview, the accuser about the facts of that name. And she drove the accuser from the March 2006 Duke Lacrosse party. Roberts told ABC News of him was thoroughly impaired and talking crazy. Roberts said she tried several different times to get the accuser out of her car. The trip and that car from the house went from happy to crazy Roberts told Cuomo. I tried all different ways to get through to her. I tried to be funny and I she said, then I tried to, you know, be stern with her. We're kind of circling around and as we're doing that my last stage of 10 to get her out of the car. I started to kind of, you know, push and prod her, you know, you know, Robert said she killed her woman, get out of my car, get out of my car, bitch, I push on her leg, I kind of push on her arm Roberts said and Chris, the only thing I heard Chris about her was he said she pretty much had her head down, but she said, plan is day, go ahead, put marks on me, that's what I want, go ahead. Roberts said to come and chill me to the bowl and I decided to write then and there to go to the authorities. Roberts wasn't worth the time of any rape allegations which were first made by the accuser after police arrived and they'll take new women to a crisis center. In the interview, Robert's appeared reluctantly to talk about her new allegation. It's something that I've been that's been weighing on my heart and I worry that maybe I won't be called a trial, Robert's told Cuomo she reached for a tissue. Because of all so many of her so much of the accuser's statements, difference for mine, I might not help the prosecution at all as a witness she said, no kidding. Robert's became visibly upset as she described the accuser's comments for the first time at one point stopping the interview. I don't even want to talk about this anymore. She said, why isn't so hard for you to reveal that, Cuomo, I promise. Because I think it's going to make people rush to judgment. It's going to make them stop listening. And I don't like this at all. It's going to make people not listen. I'm sure probably not even going to play this. It's going to make people not listen any other part of this story. It's going to make people so judgmental. It's going to solidify their opinion so much and I kind of want to hear other aspects of the case which I think are just an important yati odi odi odi odi. Who cares? You know, who the hell gives a trap? Across T my ass. You know, Duke. By the way, don't I don't think they're hurricanes could have lost another game this weekend. It would be a five and three record. Did they really lose the Georgia Tech or did I maybe I dreamt that I saw that last part of the game? No, it was no dream. When it looked like they were going to make the last minute come back and they decided with two and a half minutes left in the game rather than trying it on side kick. They put it away and by the thing that they stopped Georgia Tech on three straight girls running plays and they still had well like a minute and a half left in the game. Yeah. And Georgia said that put it for them. Really did a hell of a job. It kicked a whopping gigantic pun. Here goes the hurricane. Kid back, back, back, back. Any right through his hands may drop the ball and Georgia Tech flaps on a game over a canes. Lose again. Oh, I can't believe that. Three losses in one season. They've only played against. Wow. Are we cursed? Thank God that all of them said the bias today because no matter who they would have played, they would have lost. You know, when you stop and think about the fact that they lost a Houston. And what's up with that Oakland game? Who the hell did they be yesterday like the Steelers? Was it who did they be? That's right. No, they be the Steelers. That's because head job boy is out of there now. Yeah, he's injured. Head problems. He's got hate problems. Ben, big old Ben. What if he's into Uncle Ben? You think so? 781 votes. I think we'll get to the thousand. I mean, so many 11 or 8. Now let's take a look at that schedule. They mad dog is back. Thank God. Oh, right. That's not a shot of Curtis. We're just going to have to mad dog back. There's only one. Actually, there's lots of mad dogs, but it's only one gym manager. Mad dog 2 to 4 power hour with Hank and Amanda. Read Kindle again. We united 4 to 5. And that's something we united then. And there's a peaches and herb. It was horrible. Peaches and squirm man was. That's right. Three. I think so. Five to seven. No relation to Napoleon solo. Pants are inside or with guilty. Adoris is sending market in Pembroke, Pines 7 to 7 30. Panther insider. I'll have this Panther's losing that's a lot of three on that trip. Huh? Maybe I just had a dream that they did that. Curtis in the B 7 30 10 tonight and it decayed 10 o'clock because we ain't got no ballgame. Panther is definitely the shark tomorrow. And then the Leafs right there at the end of the center on Thursday. Why better come down for an acting? Should I? Okay. Panther's in Leafs on Thursday. Then of course I'd have to take off on Friday just in joke. You think I'm coming all the way down there to go to a hockey game or you a crazy person or what? No, I know better. There you are. Well, yeah, but I know better. I've made attempts by Senator George McCockowitz Allen, a Virginia to turn small sections of look for our rivals in Webinway, political issue. Webinus speech yesterday stood by his work and criticized Allen, profaning to address controversies that apply his own campaign in recent months. Senator McCockowitz, the controversy began last week after the on campaign issued a press release describing Web's book as pornographic and inappropriate. Web is stood by his work which has been lawed about conservatives including John McCain. Confining a serious work of fiction based upon incidents he witnessed while serving in the Vietnam war. Allen did not participate in Vietnam. Of course. Like all these other chicken hocks? All the chicken hocks all the time. So that's all they got to do is smear and smear. That's their whole game plan. That's the Carl Role-Veffen Wayman, smear and smear. 787 on the pool. What is that? Allen, this is what's your name? This is Green Span. Thanks. Where Democrat Jim Peterson is trying to unseat a Republican Senator John Kyle. Peterson currently trails Kyle by only 6.47% to 41% in the latest university of Arizona poll. Jim Peterson joins us now. Well done. Okay, good. There he is. There's him Peterson. You're going to lose Jim. Sorry. Too bad. Nearly one of every 25 weapons the military bought for a rack security forces is missing. A government officer in the estate many others can't be repaired because parts of tech world manuals are lacking parts or technical manuals. Or maybe parts of the manual. A secondary port found significant challenges remain that put at risk the US military goal of strengthening Iraqi security forces by transferring all logistics operations to the defense ministry by the end of next year. A third report can certainly prevent over construction team program in which US government experts help Iraqis develop regional governmental institutions. The unstable security environment of Iraq touches every aspect of this program the reports said. How do you like that? The Pentagon can't account for 14,000-plus weapons. Almost 4% of these semi-automatic pistols, assault rifles, machine guns, rocket propelled grenade launchers, other weapons have began to find Iraq since the end of 2003. According to a report from the office of the Special Instructed General for Iraq reconstruction. The missing weapons will not be tracked easily. The Defense Department registered the serial number of only about 10,000-370,000 weapons have provided less than 3%. The Pentagon spent $132 million on the weapons and the capacity of the Iraqi government to provide national security and public order is partly continued on arming the Iraqi security forces under the ministers of something in interior. Another another just boxed money is like opening up a faucet opening up the faucet in your bathtub and instead of water money is poor enough only it came out of your pocket any like that. So then good thing that $6.30 spent on customs for that package that find mysterious gift that George sent me for my birthday. It's a name good thing that Uncle Sand didn't get a hold of that. Who told you to go out there and kill some more people with it. $6.30. How long that would last? It would buy? I don't know 30 seconds. About 10 seconds? Two punches on the machine month on the wheel of misfortune. Nasty, miserable. Oh my god, talk about women. You want to go out there and see some of these ethnic women you know? So as European, these old European women, El Paso. I was having a real good day Saturday which I did wind up with a good day with this old Italian woman who once sat down next to me and said, you know, I acknowledge her presence and there was a bad mistake. Now she's my buddy. And she comes to me on Saturday and she's got a million questions. She's a real Italian enter. She wants to know what this one did. How much did you get? What did you wrap up? I told her I got a thousand on the wheel. In fact, the thousand was still sitting on a thousand or when she came by and I pointed it up there. I don't want to get for you. And she disappears in like 20 minutes later comes back and she's got to tick it out of her machine. See, I got a thousand per way. Like who are you? Why do I care? Why do I want to know this? And later she comes back to give me the bad news and the good news for me that she lost all of it and then someone she's losing her ass. Oh my goodness, that last another and uh, Wayshee went. I don't know her from Mayshee Pupic man. I don't want to know her. I don't want to smell her. Go back to uh, where did I hear from? Go back to Ballonio with your Balloni honey. Get out of my face. Crazy old bitch. See, that's a bad thing that would find us doing to me. We started fleeting a lot of money on my pocket is that it's it's really changing my attitude about a lot of these ethnic people. Oh, because my drill here for the most part have been very pleasant and most of the people I encounter there as a tourist as a shrmoff. Are you however nice and friendly and they're seeing pleasant and they're not like stereotypical like these old European slime. Old slime balls. You don't even talk about it about? Oh yeah. Thank you. You don't have anything like that in Florida. No. 14 passed 11 at 5, 16, but you couldn't necessarily support station time. That's what the George B's was says. Well, we got that sports station in Miami and we got the new guys in air in there. I am. Well, it's a brand schmootsie is an abject. He's just very disappointed to me. Let me tell you about Brandy's. If you want to take good care of your feet, make sure you got the right fitting and the great shoes on him and Brandy is making sure that every time Brandy's carries all the top names in a floor business like floor shime echo. The fist or rockboard, hush puppies and new balance. In terms of other name Brands and all sizes for men and women they even carry those wide widths and hard to find sizes for those of you with funky feet. In fact, Brandy's is the largest independent chewy retailer in all of South Florida. Go and see our good buddy, Arnie. He'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price too. Brandy's shoes 12 mighty north-earned highway and pop at a week between Atlantic and Copens on the east side. It can't miss it. Brandy's is open every day the week for your Monday through Saturday's till 9 and even on Sundays till 5. In this week it's a great time to buy essay issues at Brandy's. All great men's and women styles around sale 20, 30, 40% of men. 40% off for pairs. So save a lot of cash get your feet all dressed up right at Brandy's this week or do your shush shopping on the web at BrandysChoose.com. The first video of the best Dallas TV series video, Rodgers, 4-0-560. The biggest names of best Dallas. Is it ever gonna end with you? We have 19,000 TVs in here in the 18,999 have all the UM stuff and we've got the Spanish name to share on it. Right here. It's the usual one I'm watching. You don't have to speak that language to know that language. We call that the language of look at that guns on there. Man, oh man. We've got between day 7 and 10. 4-0-560. 2-8. All right guys, f**king boat. That's looting. Hey, little page in the high school sweater. 3-2. We have your like to know new better. Right now we're gonna be in a repomple again. Would you like to date your congressman? Little day. Little day. Hmm. Little day. Just tell me how you think. When you select some of you smell like bacon. You start making my ice cream alone. People write by this fully-boon. And little pay. Little day. Little day. Little day. I love that little time. And I love that little time. 20 past 11 at 560 WQAM. Your sports and aerotic station man. The canes got a lot. They lost for the third time this season man. I think they're all very copier. They're gonna string his ass up. Don't you think? Oh yeah. Right there on campus man. Right there at UM. If you can find the campus. 811 boats on the pool. We'll get to a thousand. Not too much more. We'll be really impressive today because of my late start. Like like somebody we need to care is right. Speaking of that new photo show. You know, you're just standing and talking. What is this? No. We're now the Jordan. Come back. Oh, don't tell me you want to do in a sequel. Sorry, it was. Wow. What an encore it was to. I'm jealous. Light a lighter. Here's a message for all you people out there that might be a use. Those eggbeaters goes that's suggested that instead of cholesterol and eggs. And we'll get the eggbeaters now. They taste so good. Don't do it. The first clue that I had about that was that fork. I was trying to pry up all of that stuff stuck to my GTSpress 101 with a fork. I'm trying to get that all off out there because it sticks like crazy. And I left the fork in a sink and then hours later I looked at it and it was like looking at something in the petrified force. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. It had that. It was solidified on your for life. You couldn't get that off of it. I got the squeegee and I got the kids and stuff. I had a scrape it off there with a knife. And so if the eggbeaters are doing that on my fork. What are they doing in my image? So binding it up. Yeah. That's what you put mama. If you're like a cheese person like me, you put a lot of cheese in there right? I betcha. I get that shredded ass. See I'll go cheese. You ever see a shredded ass? Not lately. And anyway, I put that in there and I got like to slice up a little switch. Gee, I love my maybe even spurkel some parmesan there as Mr. Ego would say. So between the eggbeaters and the cheese man talk about binding up your recto system. Wow. So you're saying you can beat it with a fork. That's a massive head out cast your standing and talking on the phone where published yesterday in Cuba State Run Media. And they after the Ailing leader appeared in a video to the spell rumors he was on his deathbed. He's still alive. That's the bad news. The communist youth newspaper, Juventud Rebell day, Juventud Rebell day, Juventud. Juventud Rebell day means youth. No. Dedicated its front page to the Cuban president, printing a blown up picture of a pensive castro with his head always fighting for something and fighting with optimism. He's going to be like a kind of a smirk on his posts. The 80 year old Cuban leader who temporarily seated power to his brother Raoul, Gay, In July, following a test full surgery, hadn't been seen since mid September with photos have been receiving world leaders of the summit in Nevada were released. The latest photos apparently were taken to bring the filming of a video broadcast Saturday in which Castro looking thin and tired, we show walking slowly but steadily and I'm identified room and reading and a lot of voice from Saturday is the edition of grandma that come in as part of the newly newspaper. Somebody telling him that communism went out with the knickers and white buff shoes. They declared me more upon prematurely he said, but it pleased me to send my compatriots and friends this small video. He said his recovery would be prolonged and out without risk. But then then he was making good progress. I'm coming along. This is planned. I feel a hole he said. I'm not the least bit afraid of our alert curve. He called rumors of his death ridiculous and insulting, cleaning the work of his enemies. Let's see what they say now he said. As he fell around. Castro dressed in a red white and blue trash suit. He was trying to help those totally inspired to government as much as he could while he recovers. I participated in the most important decision with my comrades from leadership of the Communist Party and the government. He said, I do everything possible to support my comrades and be useful. The rumors in motivate me to work into fight he said. Well, what we do. The Cuban government has treated Castro as young men as a state secret and rumors that he may have died. I think he has been able to have intensified in recent weeks. He has made a public appearance since July 26, a few days before he underwent surgery. Maybe these pictures of the Castro are like a stuntcaster. Like someone who's been laden that fat been laden video remember that? Yeah. This is the stuntcaster. Do you remember we had the stunt's Adams there when we were in the federal double. Yeah. Yeah. Doubles and triples and quadruples. They're like those guys that we know them crystal burgers. Did you hear that fit at the end of the Kenny and Bowmorting show? Yeah. No. Sorry. This is excellent news for everyone. All Cuban's and all Cuban's friends, Vice President Carl was loggy said we are really happy to see Fidel is better than everything he's moving forward. Foreign Minister Filippi Perez, a rookies said he has he's not been lost. It's working on his recovery plan. Very his ass. The video shown Saturday, came a day after Castro's close friend and ally of Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez said the Cuban leader was walking and taking Fifths at night into the countryside. It is kind of laundry out the door. Like the chief and Jack Nicholson were going to do. I'm a Murphy. Remember that? Yeah. I'm a mucker. Mack didn't make him a mmaker. He had a little pillow problem. Well, let me in present, Eva Morales said that the Castro returned office in two or three weeks. A top human official previously said he expected Castro back at the helm by December when the country plans to old-day belated birthday celebration for leader who turned 80 August 13. Well, it's America going to hold a birthday celebration for... Yeah, it's truly, huh? Sorry. I already got my gift. Don't eat no cake either. What do you mean by that? Make a meat loaf or something and stick a candle in it. That sounds good. And in fact, on the informer's show for the GT Express, one of the things he made is a meat loaf sandwich. All right, but without the bread. Yeah. Or she takes two of her butters, she has a garlic butter. Sure. And she butters the two slices of bread and puts them in like one upside down and one right side up. And don't be using old bread crumbs when you make the meat loaf either. Oh, I hate that. If I'm eating meat loaf for meat balls, I don't want to let no hidden carbs in there I don't want meat. They always do that. I know that. Fill it or I don't know. Yeah, quit to fill in. Okay. Quit to fill in. Rat those to fill around your arms until you turn blue and then get lost. 828 votes on the poll. Pretty damn impressive. Yes, me. Can certainly be late. Start. We got 26 after all. And don't forget the mad dog is back today from a couple of days off. Where now did he go? And who gave him permission to stuff like that? Is there anybody running the place now? Or is it like just off on automatic pilot? Uh, saw all of our management team, including Chris Jones? No. Including that sales man. They're Chris Jones who comes in and tries to just lie. He's just lies with that Southern drug. You know, lie, lie, lie, lie. It's okay. The way he's boosted up that building man. We got spots up the old year low. We got spots all over the place. We got spots on our nose, spots on our. Yes, everywhere. Just spotty like the leopards. Let me tell you right now. Today in the modern last days of October, which means you better get into the loopback road if you want to take advantage of their fantastic deals. They're pumping out during their race to a thousand. That's right. Loopback road is out to so a thousand cars this month. And in order to do that, they're staying open until midnight every night to reach that 1000 number. Forget about price. Make them an offering. They'll be any deal. So you're going to say what's on a cash. They give you lots more money for your trade. Zero percent financing rebates about the $6,000 whatever it takes to make you with deal and get your ass into a great new vehicle. Only a loopback road cheerfully with two locations for you. In poppin abhichic court amount west of on 95. Look for that huge American flag and a coconut creek on 441 to south of the Sagress expressway. How'd that thing in loopback road? Yesterday Josh. Well, don't forget to stay open till midnight every night. So go to loopback road right now and get the best deal on new Chevy. Could have her dream of as you help them race to a thousand. For the first time in loopback road history. I've been by my cars there for years and believe you mean you can't. We think it comes to service and where it comes to selection and price as well. Check them out on the wicked way of at loopback road.com. VACH RODT. Loopbackroad.com. The biggest name of best talent. The biggest is wheel rotors. For Shredio 560. You a n. I'm a horny fat man. Hold right. I think there's new goblandans. But they always do time. Wish them happy things up. Showrod of his mind. Yeah. Still so big day I'm sober there. Still this moment's in your head. I don't want any earphone push. The biggest is for a baby. How will we know it's a baby? We're done with your mouth for shooting. I think this will know it's a shoot. Yeah. We're here to warm the kids. We're done with. Once you saw that the fat fingers have had with kiss and you were involved in this mess. Then you knew we were in big trouble in you. Oh yeah. You didn't see that. Tell us the piece of my head. A man has expected to appear in federal court today after he had to be handcuffed when I 30 say he threatened the flight crew last night. I'm a plan that took off in Boston and had to make an emergency landing in Orlando. Nobody was heard but the flight crew had a rest of the man and bind his hands with plastic ties until the four-later day. Bound plane could land according to jet push spokesman Todd Burke. Agents from the FBI arrested the man on a flight interference charge when the plane landed in Orlando. It was headed for a four-later day. What does that tell you? There is a fear any discernible time to terrorism set up the FBI special agent Kevin Farrington. I wonder if he was kind to bomb Farrington or Rick Farrington or that got someishbuh-h. The man started yelling at the flight crew and other passengers and then he went from a verbal confrontation and became physical Farrington said. Remember I mentioned that last week, rambling Willy and bomb Farrington. Remember that? And you said, oh yeah, I bet on that race. A third. A third is when released a man's name or hometown. He appears in federal district court in Orlando sometime today. Farrington would only say the man was in his 40s. And was, but I don't know what crazy you're in a bed bar. Flight 450 sim was in Airbus A320 that took off from Logan International at 425 pm on Sunday. Fully loaded with 156 passengers. It was that ready to Orlando about 730 pm and continued on a four-later day of finally touching down. At 1120 pm it left at 425 and it took him almost seven hours to get to Fick and four-later day from Boston because of his jackass. Officials would not describe the confrontation between the man and the crew. Obviously if we have to reach random customers, pretty serious stuff, but if said our flight attendants did buy all the stuff and amazing job. A crazy person tended for a four-later day, how unusual. What if we didn't have anybody we know? I mean, coming home. Not that there's any crazy people in South Florida you understand. 847 votes on that poll man. It's kind of a disappointing number. If there's big, big fan-ass numbers we threw in there last week on Wednesday and Friday. Remember that? Or 1500 during the show? Oh well. Yeah. God. I bet you that show bell was in there just, did dancing like Ruffles Stills can hop it up and up. Oh my god, look you guys are kicking based on my way. Yes. Too bad we're not doing the same during most of our sports segments. I'm sorry. But aren't we a sports station? Yeah. But there's that idiot Spencer from New York. He's got about as much chance of winning as Spencer the Car Wash guy. And he's in Florida. He's talking about people's looks. Oh, I'll take step because of the quarter. What happened to him to report? Good. And I said nothing of the life. We're stuck up prune on a bad day. We're stuck up all the time on a greater day and the desert. Crater by somebody read over his face. Yeah. With a Mac truck. Anyway. What difference is it, make? Okay. I mean, she's the ice princess. She's an astute bitch and the he got no chance. 848 votes. What's the worst thing about women? Like Hillary, for example. Mootswings. 1701. When you're least expected. What's wrong with you? Yeah. I don't know where. Nonstop pitching 155. Nagging 104. Onegging is moving up nicely. Now that we both said we voted for that. And rightfully so. Think you put your glasses on. Did you do this? And you did. How come you did that? Why did you? Oh, brother. Good driving too fast. They never say what they mean. 103. The most realistic expectations. 96. When they get saggy and sloppy. 71. You don't want to get to be like about 30. I hate this pool. 69. 8.1%. Much too high. I'm pissed off about that. Nothing. They're all great. 27. All of them are great. Never met your mother or mine. I got it. No sense of humor. 23. They never forget 19. And rush to commitment. 10. After the first glance. They want to ring. They want to catalax. They want to all your credit cards. And all these things. That's the worst. We got 1000. Just relax. OK, all whipped up. About a judge. Just because you team lost again yesterday. I shouldn't have said again, there. Actually you were starting to make a little bit of runner last week. Well, if I wouldn't say. They want to gain. They pulled it right on their ass right there at the end with that field goal, right? And they're like a shocking victory last week. Although big deal didn't even eat those losers and girls team yesterday. Who they lose to? It was. I don't know. Jacksonville. That's right. Oh, my God. Mediaquity. I'm not saying I don't enjoy my football, but boy, it is so mediocre. And don't tell me the king's lost at Georgia Tech, the Ramblin wreck from Georgia Tech on Saturday. Because I wouldn't believe it all. I did see the end of the game. I had to say, when I could fumble the punt, I was just, I was just squeezed myself. I was so excited. Oh, yeah. That was the end of the game, baby. All over for the kings, they suck. I think Donna Shalately, she ought to be taken out and tart and fed it for that. Well, I don't you? Yes. It's not a institution of learning, of higher learning, lower learning, intermediate learning. It's a football university now. That's what's become. Thanks to Jimmy Johnson and a bunch of other maniacs. I think the next segment or maybe nearing a close if it often gets, and I have the bear, has pounded the crap out of very weak San Francisco yesterday about 182 to 10 or something like that, right? 41, something. Yeah. And that thing, the case, although the 49ers really suck, but nevertheless, the dolphins of course suck real bad too. So what can only expect the game being right there in Chicago next week, that the dolphins are going to get a wow up. I'm thinking 63-to-Zip sounds like a reasonable score to me. Oh, and didn't one of our mad dogs teammates die from the 72-to-dolphin team? I don't know. Yeah. I'm sure he'll talk about it. I don't, I wasn't able to ever heard of before. Some football player died. And right now our bot died. Anybody remember red? No. I remember one time when I was a kid, my father took me to CAA, Rochester, World's Boston Celtic Scain. Let's Harrison, he was the bald coach. I guess he had to be bald to be a coach, the NBA back in those days. He was the bald-royals coach, and Red Hour Bot Course was the Celtic Coach. And they got into a big argument with the referee about something. Man, they were screaming and yelling and carrying on. The two of them, it was, you could see the veins popping in there. Four heads, it was great. There's a lesson for you. Okay, don't be drinking a lot of booze, and don't be smoking as big fat stowies every day, or you only live for like 89 like Weinstein, Churchill, and Red Hour Bot. I don't think I ever seen Red Hour Bot without a big stowie in his mouth. Did you, George? What? Now how about Weinstein Churchill? Look up and see how old he was when he drove. Do a little Google on that, please. Okay. I got a couple of anti-warm art stories that it's just for George. Oh, it's speaking of van. Oh, it's speaking of people that look really grotesque, and are aging badly. Woo! She's the diva of divas, but Barbara Strasse and apparently slipped in and out of a trendy Los Salos, Los Alas Boulevard restaurant, and four Lodderdale Saturday night with hardly anyone noticing. Probably a couple of people were like poking each other in the ribs. Who's that old bag? Now there would have been like a panic, you know, people running, screaming. Okay. Armour Andy. Where? You're marketing is I'm a dandy. Remember Jim Danny, Jim Dan to the rescue to the Lohar Baker to Jim Danny? How much you got that? Job approval, your president, 37% 50% disapproved. Always up 4% news weight, yeah, likely stirring. Anyway, a marketing manager at Johnny V. Confirm and Strise End, and Vizim or Kevin details, her crush, she said the singer didn't want to attract attention. Especially with that face and that fat ass. But Saturday night while performing at the soda, bacon, and a gianna, to set her in sunrise. Oh, did you guys see that? Huh? The performer 64, oh, God, if I look like that, when I'm 64 on Sunday, I'm going to jump out to window. I don't look all like good at 63, but if I want to look in like then, both it out to restaurants praises. And by Sunday afternoon, diners flocked to Johnny V for a corn-crusted calamari and Strise End's recommendation. How do you like that? Strise End performs again tonight. Ticket prices run from $102.75 to $750.75. I wouldn't give you the 75% part. I wouldn't give you the $30 from the $6.30 Canadian that I paid for the customs on that package. I would walk across the street to see her, unless I could like a yellow obscenities editor. You've met no talent, bitch. God, can you believe that? Ticket's run from $102.75 to $750.75. Can you imagine anybody in their right mind and it's right mind pain that to see that old bitch? Uh, nope. Uh, can she act? No, can she really sing with a grant? No, she look good. No. Is she hot? No. Hot. She's about as hot as the North Pole, ain't she? No. No. She nasty. Well nasty bitch. But anyway, to Johnny V you ever heard of it? Who? Everybody go to Johnny V's and for a lovely meal, try the Kalmani or whatever it else you have. Eight hundred and seventy two votes on a poll. Let me tell you again about dry concepts. I've been talking about them and using them in my home for over twenty twenty one years now. I wouldn't trust anybody else of my carpets and if you have a brain you shouldn't either because they dry clean your carpets. They get out to dirt way down there deep in the fire. It's your carpet, which makes your carpets smell on any fresh, looking field is like brand new. Stay clean or longer and last longer too. And of course your carpets are drying just a couple of hours so we can clean today and attain the night when you call dry concepts. Whether it's your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs, your drape, your furniture or your carpeting, these are the people do a spectacular job for you every time. And now they've got to plan to make frequent cleaning easy. It's just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning too. You'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts and they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their unbeatable fabulous job. In Broward called dry concepts at 9.5.4, 3.707.778. That's 9.5.4, 3.707.778. In Dayton Palm Beach, column toll free, 1.800. 248.5071. That's 1.800. 248.5071. Be sure to tell that Hank Guerrero sent you by when your car good friends at dry concepts. The biggest name of Westtellants to the business wheel rugs all in Porsche Video 560, USA. And they look like women. One, two, three, four, more bombs drop. I take seven, eight, more bombs drop. I take ten limits, well, more bombs drop. We're going to drop one of bombs around the clock. We're going to drop them bombs and make a dent. Loosen that drag right off their heads. We're going to fall around the clock tonight. We're going to fall off the clock. After life, we're going to fall down the clock tonight. We're going to fall off the clock tonight. So, you need? Here's a wheel. No bombs, so have a blast. We're going to drop that clock. We're going to fall around the clock tonight. We're going to fall off the clock tonight. We're going to fall off the clock tonight. Oh, right. Let's see if we can fix the clock. We're going to fall off the clock tonight. There we go. It's a hobby. Twelve minutes, so no less five, 60 WCM. Mad Dog is back today. He'll be on a two o'clock and he'll be teaming up with the Humper between four and five. And then Humper solo five is seven. We got the Pantheon side of it with gully. That should have a big two and an audience from Doris and Tenney Markin and Pemper five is seven to seven thirty. And then Curtis at the B730 10 followed by the world's flaming Eddie Kaplan show. That's our line of no gains. We got no Marlon games. We got no Pantheon. Pantheons and the sharks tomorrow. Pantheons and the Leafs at the end of center on Thursday. We'll have a leaf fanzer for that came. Trust me when I said it. Eight hundred eighty seven votes on the full. I sure George is with him about doing some more hockey shows but he's so personal friend Rimmer. I'll call him right up there and tell him to spread some rumors about how my father died again. Giving Walmart environmental award is of scene right. Janet Street reporter in the Seattle Post intelligence sir. She writes for the British Independent by the way. This is a syndicate of column. She writes for the Independent of Great newspaper in Britain. Oless. It's good thing they got a great newspaper. As the world gone mad Janet wants to know when New York last week the supermarket chain Walmart. We see the award for its contribution to the environment from the Hollywood filmmakers. Bob and Harvey Weinstein. It is true that a year ago Walmart reacted to criticism that focused on a range of issues from their employees Pantheon to the devastating effect they have had on town centers across America by announcing a raft of environmentally themed initiatives. Walmart announced they reduced energy use their stores by thirty percent. Over three years, use more fuel efficient trucks cut down on packaging and recycle carrier bags. But hold on a minute by building vast warehouses carrying a huge range of stock and slashing prices, which inevitably the smaller retail competitors going out of business. And by concubine over thousands of acres of countryside, it ordered to provide car parking around their air condition mammoth warehouses. These measures seem like pitiful window dressing. Walmart's ruthless expansion has already played havoc with the planned all sorts of ways. The renderers gesture such as changing kind of light bulbs they plug in and encouraging us to take her own receptacles for our shopping. Totally meaningless. Walmart has not generally built up relationships with local growers and suppliers reducing carbon emissions in the process. Because it's committed to bringing produce to a storeous thousands of miles by road and air. It sells cheap goods and clothing. Made in two rural countries where wages are low in environmental concerns are secondary production cost. The wise signs where our democrat should be ashamed of sucking up to a monolith that has closed eyes to be public in party. The real reason for their bizarre design to present Walmart this award is because the retailer shifts for a 40% of all the V sold in the U.S. And the wise signs are to produce a series of films. I think the shifts 40% is that the world we're looking for. Shaves. Yeah, I think it should be shifts. But it's a shift. And the wise signs that produce a series of films for the family market, which will be sold only on DVD rather than shown at the box or a fist. So much breathable values as Janet. The idea of nominating any supermarket chain for an environmental award is ludicrous unless they're compelled to compel the bill at all customer parking under or over their stores. This limiting the signs of their footprint. In other words, Walmart is like big foot. Until they can demonstrate that a sizeable proportion of the goods on sale come from within the fine regional reality until they remove all packaging of them that which is biodegradable, then there's no case to answer. Supermarkets hold considerable retailing power, which could be used to educate customers and exercising more concerned for their environment. Surprisingly, it is consumers who have taken lead in demanding organic food and environmentally friendly products, not the retailers. Stores cook for example, and says that all their cheap clothing was made using third trade fabrics and in conditions where workers are properly paid and cared for. But they don't. The bottom line is the balance sheet and profit for their shareholders and report published last week shows that resources are being used 25% faster than the panic hermenew them, giving an environmental award to Walmart is an obscenity to which I would say. Absolutely correct Janet. How do you like that? Yeah, man. Environmental award my ass. And that's a big award man, a big ass award. But we are almost 900 in the pool. I think we got a thousand liquefaya one clock. And after that's all gravy. Pop on a gravy train man. There are as Halloween. The only thing we're all with Halloween is that everybody eats all that candy and gets sick of their stomach. Yeah. Now if you want to be environmentally friendly, if you want to be nice to the kids that come knocking on the door, instead of giving them a bunch of candy bars, you know, put something good in there. You know, like some little boxes of cereal, but all in sugar in it. Okay. Well, I mean, a lot of holidays have good food. Halloween is not one of them. I just can't. Like, in polio, it's a bit of Halloween is fun. And, you know, let's forget, you know what I give him? I'm going to Turkish Taffy. Oh, that'll hold these things out. Yeah. Yeah. Pull all the following's out and then, and rock their teeth. Dennis, do like you a lot. So come to your house. Leave your check. I got a very Jane here. Let's go. Well, I love those, man. I haven't had one of those in a year. I'll mail it to you. What are the good things? What's the deal? Well, rappers. Oh, God. I'm going to have to find those. We don't have to worry Jane. I'm going to wait a minute. Oh, you're not talking about Mary Jane. Candy bars, man. Candies. I'm going to have to find them. And you're big fat, bog there. No, no, this is something that they share. Yeah, they only marry Jane. You know, we're going to have to. Where do you find them? Did they even make those anymore? Remember when we were talking about all that candy? Somebody brought them to a minute. Like a rap band. Who brought them in? I don't know. Somebody. It's made by Neko. I've read more label about Neko away from his V.A. It was a long time. I do love Neko away from his. They're not really very good, but for some reason, you know, because they're pure sugar. And so you take the roll of Neko away from his. You're starting to want to do it. I can't stand the black one. Through the way. It was stick. God. I threw that candy thing away. It was sticky. Like a very pain. Yeah. Like melting. Don't you remember I told you about that when we did that show. And I think I saved that crap in my pile here. I didn't save too much. It's a trouble. A bunch of stuff that's eaten. Ancient. Almost as ancient as I am. My fingers are sticky. And not in a good way. Yeah. That's bad. I told you Josh was going to come in and give you a kiss. I didn't suddenly get that carry the way. I don't. I think I threw that away. I should make candy. I'm going to find it again. But I tried to say that last week that when we did that thing about the best candy of all time. And I found that website that where you can order all your favorite candy even if it's not made anymore. Okay. And we had sure. It wasn't that they chicken. Somebody complained about the fact that they bought some for somebody. And it was spoiled. It was older than the hills. It was older than the hills. It was a little bit of a terrible idea. Yeah. I remember. Yeah. So the fact you got a married Jane there is probably a. I think they still make them. I don't know. I don't need no. I'm going to let it. And what is said in the inside of those is like maple syrup or something what's in the center. Sure. Taste maple. It's a new get. Oh, Mary Jane. The comic. I don't want odd Jews. I hate this. Okay. I'm Google. Oh, here you go. Mary Jane's candy weight is a kid question mark. And there's pictures of them. And they got the yellow wrap with little red thing around them. Just threw it away. Oh, no. Little bite size peanut butter and molasses. Oh, no. Oh, no. Even though your ass is Mr. molasses molasses. Now box of 169. Oh, this must be that website. Old time. I can't even come. That's the one. Yeah. A box of 160 is 999. Case of 12, 6 on Spaggs is 1499. Oh, that's what I need. I need that like a as they say in Sweden a lock and cup. Like a hole in the head. Mary Jane's candy memories. I remember when I was very young. It says we live away out in the sticks and South Carolina. We were extremely poor on our birthdays. We really received and it. Really we see if any gifts are okay. I do remember that there was a little country store we had to walk to. Little store was run by an elderly couple. I only remember calling them Mr. Mrs. Gray. I remember we are so clear now that Mr. Mrs. Gray always gave us kids a small penny bag full of Mary Jane's. Oh, man. By the time we shared the way of a sit on that. Virginia, dime bag of Mary Jane. That's what George wants for his birthday. Sure. So that's what I'm going to send you this year instead of a check of when a send you like a bag of Mary Jane's. Ask them here. How about a brick a hash? Line stand church. Oh, by the way, for all new people smoking on big studies out there. He only lived in 90. Yeah. I found that out, but you know, you want to know the things. I went under another rank. What are you saying with Mary Jane? You know how hard it. Last week you were talking me on ice cream which I resisted. I kept my on all for the boys stopped. I could find that in the kidcat ice cream. I told her I got that it falls from Niagara Falls. At the ice cream shop in the casino there. Oh, man, that was this. It's bizarre because I don't like kidcat candy bars at all. Not in the least bit. Oh, that. Who we? I might have to go over to the Dominion little later. I'm like after the show and find me half a gallon on the kidcat ice cream. I think of it. And then maybe some Mary Jane's. Are you telling me they still sell those or what? I don't know. No way. Get out of here. You're crazy for me. Some were. They must. Why? They must still sell them. Well, during the break, I'm going to research it. Okay. Don't. Now, after the show, I'm going to have some of that low-carb posh. There you go. You know, the people are paying us all that money to promote it. Uh-huh. Get yourself back on track. Right. 915 votes on a pool of man. What's the worst thing about women and man? It's not an easy choice. The biggest name of this talent is the March for Sports. This video 560 is you. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12th of one hour on Q8M. The father of a one-year-old Malarian boy reportedly adopted by Madonna. So, it's easy. It's happy. This song is escaping. Obviously, local officials say the pop star pants were dropped for child while she's in the country. They're visiting a project that she found it's for any goalfulness. But it just says, it's a song that has the diversity of all three jobs. They've been found up. Maybe there has been confusion with the name, Donna. Donna is a colloquial for victims and Madonna. The star. I'm still a thing that we're doing. There's a lot of say. You know, people want to hear it and that's great. When you move away the overnight, the material girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl she wants to get from a diabetes. The girl's one is wearing just miras實 depressed The girl the devil wore that one of the worlds where she della stars. Like some exposing monster toys. Every after this disability six forever. I hate to like boys and wish that the play would crash with you on it. Anyway, it's couple three that's our QM Sports Time. You know who I really love and you're the one inspired me to look this up. I love Neko. Okay. I never knew it to this moment. It says Neko is a New England confectionery company. That's what that stands for. How do you know that? Did not. They'd start back to the summer of 1847 if the oldest multi-line candy company in the USA. Neko, New Corporate World Headquarters in Revere Mass, Manufactures, Timeless Candy Classics, such as Neko Wafers, Sweet Hearts, Conversation Hearts, Mary Jane, Clark bars, all my favorite. Mighty Maltz, Havelin, Thin Mince and Candy House Candy buttons. Clark bars are my favorite. Oh, what I wouldn't give her like a Boxful or Clark bars. And you can get them of course. Yeah, but don't know. Anyway, this old-time candy dot com, which was started a whole candy thing. And is that recall? You already didn't like that thing at all. I thought it was fun. That's why they didn't like it. But old-time candy dot com did that a kosher candy list. Oh, I click on the candy name for pictures, packet size and pricing. Where they're trying to petal. What I don't understand is, where the hell do they get it from? In other words, if there's a candy on this list that hasn't been manufactured since the Jesus was a baby. Where the hell did they get it from? And how come it isn't like older, you know, I mean, I'll support and rotten like they married Jane used. You threw it away. I threw it away. It was sticky on the outside. It's been here for like a month or six. Yeah, it's sticky on the outside, man. We're like hell in the candy too. These are all kosher candies. So maybe you could have these on pace on. How would I make them pace it to keep candies? I don't even know what they're like. I don't even know what they're like. So terrible. It's crap. Oh, no. It's a good brand. And then that tells you the kosher status, like circle you, KSA parv, the markings on the packets that make. So you know for danger that it's, yeah, what is up you stand for? It's nice for shut up and keep eating. Three musketeers, fifth Avenue. Well, I haven't had one of those in a long time. Amazaba, Anna's squares, or is that Anis? Baby Ruth. I remember that song, or Rose and the baby Ruth by George Hamble on the fourth. Anna, Anna, Anna. And Amy see Paramount records. I remember like it was just yesterday. And then I always thought this is George Hamilton who can't act as wet of a paper. I thought that was George Hamble on the fourth. That's not. George Hamble and he wasn't got five or three. Yeah, yeah. Can play the concert yet. He would have that song by the way. What's that? Baby Ruth song you're talking about. Danna, Anna, Anna. Anyway, but Anis, but big bruiser job raker. Oh, God, and all those job rakers. The ones that were real, we are hot. Oh, man. By the time you got to the middle of like burn your tongue out. It's good. It's good. It's good. That's what my favorites. Black, that's made by Anisly, but Anisly, but Anisly is a surprise. Anisly is. It's exactly sucks. Black liquorice dollars, I don't know what they're like. Bob sweetstrap, minced thigs, butterfinger. Oh, Anisly makes those out. I love Anisly. Don't you love butterfinger? I love butterfinger. I had some. I yesterday. Good night. I have two. Chicko with little. Chocolate babies. We've seen too many of those. Chuckles. Those squares. You know those are awful. Chunky. Double bubble gum. Good and plenty. Good and plenty. It's crap. A lot of good places. Good money. Get the movie theater, man. Yeah. I'll tear your portion. What's going on? Hershey's, I don't like liquorice. Hershey's milk chocolate bar. Honeycomb peanuts. It's a boy bulk hard candy. Juju bees. Or you start with that. Oh, I'm scared to be a coach. Juju fru. Juju fruits. Kit Kat. Oh, man. How about a Schmidt Kat? Luffy, Taffy. Look, Rich, babies. This list goes on for M&P. I'm an employee. Milk does milky way. M&P. Nesley's. Oh, God. What kind of a fool goes out and buys a Nesley's chocolate bar? How many years since you bought one of those? I hope a long time. Yeah. Long time. Oh. I mean Hershey bars are nothing right home about accept the new ones with the almonds and the Taffy and. But Nesley. I like butterfinger from an have a bar. Non-purels. What do you mean you're going to have a bar? Some are going to have a candy bar. It's going to be a butterfinger. Yeah. Oh. Don't drop it. Don't be a little break. Oh, Henry. Let my neighbor have an idea. Peanutков will be powered up there. Việtoms are getting cold. Just get at that. Roost. They own Green<|be|> everywhere. Wednesday. And then there will be vegetation. The leader will probably talk about the strawberries. Minh can't tell them that all them are fishes. He can't tell they need to hide the information. He can't tell them that they have water inside the Leave bien. I can't tell them about it. Yeah. Census 1. Deal. Queens. skybar snickers snow camp, sour food ball, squirrel nuts, zippers, white and squirrels, hands zippers. On their nuts. Stick candy, super ropes. You know, walnut, what's it with call it? Wopper's magnet and zero. Those are the kosher candy bars. Cornew. Old time came the act. Why did you give me started on this again? Uh, because I'm saying. And what was, what was that Rogers candy that somebody ordered online? Remember I told you how good it was? Yeah. Remember that? What the hell was that? I'm going to Google it in the next break. But you know, we started on a peanut hurdle. It was not. Okay. No, it was like chocolate on the outside. It's a crunchy. I'm obsessed with it. Like coffee on the inside. Mm-hmm. I'm just addicted to that. I've only think it was sugar when I'm addicted to it. I don't care what anybody says, man, there is nothing more addictive. I don't care whether it's heroin, whether it's, uh, I do name it. Right? There's nothing on a planet that is more than if you just take a look at, uh, what's his name's arm there? What's his name's arm? Old Gerard Leedow. Well, that purple arm. And think about that. And then think about sugar. Think about this. We've just been talking about and how you can't eat only one. Right? See, if I go into the store, and I'm going to get a candy bar, I'll get three. Uh, there's no doubt you're a dick. Take the sugar. Yeah. I can't stop. If I eat one, it's just like your crispy cream doughnuts. I can't eat one. I've got to have three. I don't know what that was all about. I can just tell you. I can't stop. Right? There is a rose in the baby root without love. Leedow. Leedow. Quarval. 13. And a bottle of power. Nine is due as I know how to be. You got to think who is the worst for him, but in the pants. I'm so passionate. 944 votes on a full list. Get off that candy real fast off that candy jag. And a zag. Zagman. Those are pretty good zagman. I haven't had one most in a long time. You started me with that Mary Jane. You're the one started. And then me Josh, he started with a Mary Jane. Yes, he did. Master. You're going to die up there. Percy sends me a birthday gift, which was a nice nice gesture. And then of course I had a pay $6.30. He sent to go down and get it paying customs. I can handle it. Don't worry. It was well, well, if there must be a way. I'll be back to you from your birthday gift. OK. But then he turns around and goes to show you. He only want me to live to the Sunday because I know that I know the scam you're playing here. Hope that I croaked tomorrow so you can take over the show. Because I like it. Yeah, that's my cron. Sure. The Neal Roger show starring George Redweer. I'm not going to go to the party. So far for Christ. It's week 8. Ask. Why do you always say that? Say what? I'm not saying you're some great brilliant talk show host for your, yeah, this is a way easier than I do in the show every day. You know, let me do it. Just throwing it in a chuckle here and there. Yeah. Oh, chuckles. See, you want stuff. You are your wife is right. You're a relentless fast. You want stuff and you do everything evil that happens to you. OK. Probably. Next time you have a really nasty B.M. It's going to be because of this day today with a Mary Jane. And Mary Jane's are like, oh, you do by those in a sack in a bag. Do you? Well, mine's in the sack. And you keep eating them and eating them and eating them and eating them and opening them up to them. And then only got left there. A bunch of them little yellow with the little red ribbon thing on it. Rappers. Uh-huh. You ever see them little yellow rappers or Chinese? Yo, yo. From it is passed noon at five, 60. That's our QAM sports time and send us some money to be easily zir off source men and everything is way way down. Things are bad. Especially because of that crack. They're playing around pound 96. Who's in charge of that joint now? It's hard to tell them. Ha ha ha ha ha. I think a big shake up and a lot of changes come on. Oh, Joe Bell is the he's in charge of that. He's the hand-hunter. Ultimately, yes. Well, no wonder. Let me tell you again for the M. team time that I've been doing business. My good friends, Lou Bakro, Chevy, and Greg Nelson over there for over 20 years. I bought his in-in Corvets from them, including the two fabulous Corvets I have right now. Maybe you guys like to drive in some day. No chance. And they've always given me the best price, the best service. They've taken great care of me. You can get that same spectacular treatment at Lou Bakro, Chevrolet. Two locations for you. They're in pop at a beach of quarter mile west of I-95 in a coconut of creek on 441. Just south of the sawgrass. Don't forget, only two days left in October today in tomorrow. And Lou Bakro does not fulfill a thousand cars this month. And they're staying open till midnight every night to get to that thousand number. So you go in there today or tomorrow. I engage yourself in unbeatable deal. I want to go to those hot new vets, truck SUV, many vene. And of course, they've got a Zidgen Great Usecar. As soon as starting, it's just 39.95. Everyone backed by a car-fax guarantee. Forget about price, make them any kind of an offer. They'll be any deal. They give you lots of more money for your trade. They offer you a zero percent financing. We've raised about to $6,000. Whatever it takes to get them to their goal. And don't forget, they're staying open till midnight tonight. And tomorrow night. So go to Lou Bakro, Chevrolet, get to Vestio on new Chevy in the history of your life. And we're check them on the web at Lou Bakroat, VACHRODT, Lou Bakroat.com. This is the O'Rotters Force Radio 5.6, lost solid. And... Know that the Lord even loves the O'Rotters. Thank you, if you give them come a K-O-Rive, I'm O'Roy. Woodward with another edition of America's Bob Quarty. Want to you, Ry, the O'Rotters 5 companies, newest at me, medication. O'Rotters 5. For people free teenagers. It's really cool. It's gonna be a little quick, or I'm a gay boy. It's a good show. We've got the word song in America and we're counting on them down. Record stories are shown. For some, I'm no reason you're buying them. And I'm using them as coasters. First, what's review of a top three songs on the check? Number three, Dungeon Roads is singing Sweet Child of Mine. Well, if I had a child around my house today, I'd have these four words for leave guitar, slash, and his chords. Stay by Halloween. Number two, you were who it is. May I eat an O'Rotters 5? And a special read not for you, you reason. You don't speak Bob Ringo. And a number one George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back. What I would imagine is getting a little crowded back there. But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, they're having your Michael-bo shaving instruments called Wraiser. If I won and lose that silly ass theory. Other songs on the check, the band Johnny H.J. has with one of the heroes move. And down on the Jackson's, is everybody so. Okay, I'm a Johnny, also a H music. I don't think hero status is him and a Johnny, so get a real job. And there is a song I like. Rod Stewart's newest release for Ever Young. If I remember, I thought, was a song about me forever, hon. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And now a giant will alone just in static ages. It comes just from a listener and basseting in California right here at KC. I'm 16-year-old, resident of my class, I'm six foot to my bottom here. 270 by pounds and started quarterback to my high school days. But KT, I have a problem. The girls simply will not leave me alone. It seems as though I'll lay one before, his my good works, my excellent physique. Like Anthony, just like me as a friend. Creepy and repression instead of some sex object. And quit hitting upon me all the time. Keating, do you have any suggestions? Shine, Todd. Well, here's my answer. Dear flaming hobo. Funny past notice, QM sports time, mad dog got two and don't forget that. He's back today, he's back. Oh, 960's haven't votes on a pool, and I said we have a thousand by one of clock easy, easy, we'll slide into it. I'm checked a little bit of worrying, we'll devastate the world economy. I'm the scale of the world wars and the great depression made your British reports today. How do you like that? I thought it was just a comedy-pinkled plot. Isn't that what you're right-wing fascist or telling us? Comist. Introducing the before British Prime Minister Tony Blair said, Unavaded climate change would cost the world between five and 20% of global gross domestic product each year. Speaking of gross man, you got that candy on my mind. Now, bad big time. I don't want no candy. Okay, that's true. Don't do it. We're now going to get some very genes. Don't. Blair called for bolder decisive action. Nicholas Steron, a senior government economist, said that acting not a country-in-house gas emissions would cost about 1% of global GDP each year. The evidence shows that ignoring climate change will eventually damage economic growth since Steron's 700 page report. The first major effort to quantify the economic cost of climate change. Maybe I can get that in TAB report and have a Josh put it on our website. It's only 700 pages. Oh, and speak to that by the way, we're a little bit short on stories lately, so Josh has decided I'm going to give out that website. Yeah, they're the new story email address. Some critics claim the Prime Minister is using Canada's position within the treaty, the Kyoto Treaty to undermine it, acting on behalf of Washington, which has little influence and Kyoto negotiations, because the US of course is not part of the protocol. Under the 1997 Kyoto Accord 35 industrial countries committed to reducing emissions by an average 5% below 1990 levels, I've used the 2012 we should list so long. But Britain is one of only a handful of industrialized countries who's greenhouse gas emissions last one and a half decades, you went said today. The UN said Germany's emissions dropped 17% between 1990 and 2004, Britain's by 14% and France is by almost 1%. Overall, there was a 2.4% rise in emissions by 41 industrialized countries from 2002. That was the most of them from our Soviet blood countries, who's emissions declined in the economic downturn of the 1990s, then increased by 4.1% during the most recent year period. The British government is considering a new green tax on cheaper line flights fuel and high emission vehicles as well. How do you like that? A new green tax? You just missed my mind up with that candy stuff. You brought it up. How I did? All right. You started with a Mary Jane Cramp. You started with an unenoticity. Where did it come from? I don't know. From before, from one of that package came in. Well, that's like a year ago. You're going away. Using its oozing molasses? Oh, that sounds good. I open anything. If I've Mary Jane is very much like Gabe, it's a long-the-same line. So it's no surprise that the same maker makes him, I guess, a bit of a honey. Right. Very similar. It's not the same maker. A bit of a honey is made by Nestle. Except for that molasses. Mmm, molasses sticky. Yeah. Good stuff. Can you imagine getting your blood sugar up to about 50%. I got a lot of the crap. They like a pig all week. I'm 100 and 75, oh, it's not a pull. I'm down to about 1.93 in change. I think it was 1.93.4. Some like that, who wants to point? I mean, I paid the greatest number. But that's not bad after recent picking up, including your ice cream and dusted picking up. God, once you started with it, of course, that was thanks to our friends at the Ferals Ice Cream and the Jackson. Jackson in Danya and Jackson, Michigan. Mm-hmm. And it was good. It was well worth it. I guess it had to price. No, do you guys take any home like couple of tubs or not? Oh, yeah. No, I took a couple of tubs home in the hot dogs that we were talking about. The weiner to some home, I have an idea. But I took a bunch of things. Oh, you know. You went investigate Israel's uranium weapons. The UN Environmental Program is investigating allegations. First published in the British Independent. The Israel may have used uranium-based weapons during the summer's war in Lesbian on. Twenty UN experts working with Lebanese Environmentalists have spent two weeks assessing various samples and finally report their findings in December. We should all live so long. We'll trust all of our, our UNF's Middle East Director, total Lebanese radio interview over the weekend. If uranium was used, we will find out and we will announce it. But can't you for me anything now, but we'll wait for the results. Yesterday Israel issued its mostly explicit denial. Yet, Mayor Avital Libobits, a spokeswoman for the Israel Defense Forces said, we deny using any weapons containing uranium. One official suggested that if the environmentalist and indeed found presby uranium, they would have looked for a different explanation. Chris Busby, the scientific secretary of the European Communion Mediation Race, Rask, based in Brussels report last week that two-cell samples thrown up by Israeli bombs in the south of the East villages of Kiam and Uptree, Tiri, centers of fierce fighting between Israel and his beloved. Showed elevated radiation signatures. Dr. Busby warned that particles from their stores were long-lived in the environment and could be inhaled in the lungs causing significant health effects on civilians. It's like those cluster bomblets that have significant health effect like death. Yeah, oops, side effects, frankly. Death. The Harwell Laboratory, one of the things that's named after Ernie Harwell. The Harwell Laboratory for Mass Spectrumatry, and Oxfordshire, confirmed the concentration of uranium isotopes and samples. But the European experts were puzzled about what weapons is you might have been using and why. Chris Vellamy, I wonder if he's Kim Bewow, Ralph Vellamy, or Brian Vellamy. Chris Vellamy, professor of military science and Dr. Frank Crankfield University, said, initial test present in Enigma, but if this mespectralation edition was using a dirty bomb or a micro-yield nuclear weapon. What? I didn't like that. The first dose is ready to take out that stuff, you know what they got from Don't You. I'll tell you something else. I just mentioned that in passing, because like I said, it's one of Bush, Bush mice who's biggest hobbies is killing people. These good religions, man, are killing us with kindness, they're killing anybody they can with kindness. 977 on a poll, I was very touching that we had that article in the Herodiest of the about the morning show, about the Kim Bewow and No Mow morning show. And thank God, the important thing about ratings is that it's much too premature, you know, you're such a hard ass. Picking on those guys because they had a point nine in September, the first one month on the year, doing that show. I mean, you've got to realize that the entire audience from before the hump, or they followed him, we have to know both of those two sheer numbers, so that we're like starting from scratch, we're scratching it. So if you give these guys a couple of months, then they're like, come anywhere, we'll bring in a real show. 977 on a poll, you're a rocker, Bush, radio 560 on a poll. You're tired, dude. Are you smelling? Yeah, I'm smelling. There's no telling. Ellen. There ain't no smelling, where my feet are dwelling. That's because these hip cockatians are wearing doctors, small's out of ratings. He, yo, are you smelling? If I'm smelling, lock me up like a cylinder. My feet used to be smelling like rotten melon. If you took a with your eyes, you would start welling. People worry about it until I stop smelling. Doctors, small's odor eater insils are the best way to stop food odor. And the best way to rip off our gelin' ass. Yo, killing. Are you smelling? No, I'm not smelling. Man, you aren't so smelling. When it comes to smelling, you're ex-telling. The reasons for you to stop smelling are compelling. Doctors, small's odor eater insils available at your local drug store. That's where they're selling. That's all I've been telling ya. Confirmed you wanted to find 60 WCM nets are sports high-eye hystericals a time. So anyway, you were close. Those Rogers candies were chocolate, almond brittle. Okay. I googled it. Well, that's better. The worst thing I uncovered in this, see, there's nothing worse in the world than the internet. I used to think there was nothing better. But the other thing worse too, because if you want something, you can not only find it on there, which you can have a liver right here door, no matter how lazy and fat and disgusting you are, if you've had a few bucks to a liver right here, a door. It says, if you love Rogers chocolates and the answer of course is absolutely. Are you hooked on our famous Victoria creams or a symphony delicious chocolate almond brittle? Yes. Then you won't want to miss Rogers chocolates newest creation. Premium ice cream. Oh my God. Made by our experienced candy makers, never your chocolate factory, Rogers ice cream uses only the best ingredients that many of our chocolate fans will recognize. Ribbons of buttery caramel, Rogers chocolate almond brittle, natural peppermint oil, Rogers darkened milk chocolate, handmade ginger snacks, Rogers plastic troubles, Rogers candy brown ginger and dark chocolate, and chewy brownies for your brownie hands. And if that weren't enough, Rogers ice cream is made with 13% real cream pure vanilla, and no added names are preservatives. Rogers ice cream will have a lot of mouthwriters stored and it sends Delhi inventory a, oh my God. Rogers stores, and then they also have no sugar added candies, which will keep you real busy all day, because I'm sure they're loaded with malt-tall and sobital sugar. Sure. Well, and there's a picture here of a Rogers ice cream sandwich. It's like chunks of something in the ice cream, you know. And that's if you're playing old pedestrian ice cream sandwich, that's not bad to be honest with you. You ever go to convenience store, you'd like half a dozen of those? No. So you're not addicted to sugar like I am, or ice cream. Yeah, but the cereal and stuff in, hold your back on a Friday though, though that was the proper time was getting. Ice cream sandwiches have chocolate around worthless vanilla. Yeah. Well that's chap. Why don't all of each sugar even know about this flying sauce, who's they have a carbone. I mean, they've got like ice cream sandwiches, and we're like different kinds of ice cream. Like chocolate. Okay, I'll take it. You ever get a flying saucer? That lately. News paper circulation continues if slide. Nobody in their brother-in-law is reading newspapers anymore. I'd like to damn good thing I'm here on a year reading a newspaper, you know. The Miami-Herald Posted Steaf circulation declines over the past six months. Outpacing other big city metro delies. I love the way it says outpacing. In other words, the slide was bigger. Outpacing. And the National Library, which according to figures released today by the audit bureau circulations. And this forget was the guess what website is from. From the six months and they said 10 or 30, we've been newspaper circulation softened by 2.8 percent. Compared to the same period of year ago, continuing a trend that's accelerated to Reseers with the use of the internet. Huh? Can't find no rags as ice cream in the Herald, like you're in T.A. The Miami-Herald Posted dive of 9.8 percent in its Sunday circulation. And 8.8 percent Monday through Friday. Dropper like a rock. I'd like to add. Dropper like a rock? The Suncental saw smaller slides. The four-lateral daily is the 5.4 percent on Sunday. And 2 percent on weekdays. Spanish language daily on the label here over with George demands they step heavy on as a scoop. They have. Good. Finally. Showed declines at 2 percent on Sunday and 3 percent almost 3 percent on weekdays. Nationwide Sunday circulation fell 3.4 percent and daily drop 2.8 percent. But the Herald is outdoors daily. The circulation is drop at like a rock. 9.95 on the poll. There's that anxious 40 Joe Scarborough that pasty Florida ex-Congressman around MSNBC. Florida's again and play. Yeah, play this. You idiot. You quizzling. You fairy. I like this article like Dr. Jerry Lourve. How much lower can you do? I'm the smirking champion. How many years for Bochen Cheney? Paul Craig Roberts has recently asked a provocative question. One. If M. Ron's skilling gets 24 years in prison. How many should Bochen Cheney get? There's no way to answer this question of course. Except in the half of the article. So let's first get factual. Remember we can get half of the article on the interest of American American American justice. Factually, the Bush administration is the worst thing that's happened to American the past two centuries. It will be logically a hundred and a big reason. Of course, in pursuing an incomprehensible agenda. The interest of the corporate dominion of America. And we interest to make global U.S. economic hegemony. Why is it that all of a sudden since about two months or a month? I can't say that word anymore. You forgot? Factually. I didn't forget about the candid, though, about those married James. That molasses just dripping down your chin. The Bush administration justifies itself with panning to old Testament Roman values and worldviews, which in as no intention of allowing to influence its neo-fascist agenda. The extent of which the Bush administration will go to maintain its agenda is not so hypothetical. Given the past half decade of Bush-Cheney policies, we can rest assured that the Bush administration will go far beyond anything resembling a reason in common since a worse the Bush administration has no defundable grasp. These are the sorry facts of the matter about which we may now get hypothetical. The American deaths of 911 have been avenged by several orders of magnitude. Afghanistan is in the shambles. Some of them in law remains foot-lose and the Taliban are making a resurgence. Palestine and Lebanon are in the shambles. Iraq never having possessed weapons and mass destruction or having supported been law-miss advancing away from democracy toward a Shiite partition. To be sure it's not possible that democratized any national and devaluals of Judaism, old Testament Romanism or Islamism. There simply is no historical present for such occurrence. Hypothetically then we can ask what happens when the Bush administration fails in its efforts to establish a democracy in Iraq. Hypothetically we can ask what happens when the Bush administration becomes further entangled in the middle of Iraqi civil wars. What happens when the Bush administration takes preemptive action on Iranian nuclear facilities? What happens in the case of Middle East nuclear meltdown involving all three branches of era Abrahamic religion, Abrahamic. Regardless of how the end of the times for religion and capitalism come to be played out. The end of times we plan out of the result of blind self-righteousness on the part of the Abrahamic religions to which we say, Oye! The end result will almost certainly involve criminal charges and impeachment proceedings against the Bush administration's main players for crimes against the people. We're not a physician to consider hypothetical punishments. Given the enormity of the crimes, the most appropriate punishment in Bush's born-again Old Testament Romanized of course would be like in prison or death. We must remember however that we are Americans, we know that death never saw bathing, we know that incarceration is seldom saw bathing, even so we can embrace the common sense that says some people just need to be locked up. Then they can be on lock-up on MSNBC which he was 80 times a night. Because this administration was appointed to office as opposed to being elected into office, the people had no obligation for further fiscal support of these criminals. Somewhere in a brushy region of Texas or when lower New Orleans, the American people may build a George W. Bush, the George W. Bush penal colony for intellectually bankrupt and morally corrupt un-American politicians. It will provide a separate gated and guarded community with small one-bedroom rental apartments for its occupants spouses welcome. All inmates would be required to work for living in a pay for their own food, lodging and utilities just like everybody else in America. It would do so at the current federal minimum wage, no other sources of income allowed. For the members of the Bush administration is the most appropriate to have poverty and immobility imposed upon them for their duration. This would constitute a punishment based in a compassion instead of vengeance. Americans are not a mean and vindictive people. Once we've seen the Waterway Human Rights and Operation Remembranceful Concepts of Fairness, Equality and Justice for all people in America, no one will need to be punished beyond the level of experience by the poorest of Americans under religious capitalism, Abrahamism. On the other hand, of course, comes to realize the end of time, straight to beneath his own administration's policies and programs. Perhaps he will still say the American people a lot of trouble by simply offing himself with some of the most distanced pistols for their ultimate touch of irony. How do you like that? Abrahamic religions don't actually love that. I've got one in the blackboard. Water pistol? And Abrahamic. No. Swing in it? Oh, all the time. Always knew it was a swinger. 1240, 2021, that's our QM sports time. How about them hurricane, baby? How come they have dolphin? Oh, didn't lose no game yesterday because they didn't play one. I guarantee if they have played a game yesterday, they didn't play the pick up game with a bunch of Sam Lockheads. They've lost it. They're losing time to team because they got to lose and kind of coach Nick Sabin and a media hates him like poison, man. You don't come to town open up a big mouth and like, you know, turn on everybody in the media and I write. Huh? When you're in a position like Nick Sabin, I think the Sabin area is just about over and I think after the bear is cremate that often is next week in Chicago. I think that will be the end. Whether he gets candid or not that means to be seen. I'm just talking about symbolically that will be the end. I think he's going to be like putting the stake through Dracula's heart. Remember that? Oh yeah. And we're professor about housing. A thousand and twelve votes in that poll, man. We are really off to the races. Trust me, there's that obnoxious path we can. Mark Breaking photo, that little girl in Arlington and her father, who was a Virginia. I wonder if Rick Rally is going to write him in again. What about those old Jews in Palm Beach? You think we're going to try to vote for Buchanan's president? That'll be great. 19 to one a QA and experienced the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Palpano. And don't forget at Mercedes-Benz of Palpano. It doesn't matter what time it won't be purchased of vehicle because you're always going to get an unbeatable deal. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV, or their large selection certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Palpano, you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing you in comparable service. Offering expressed lube courtesy vehicles in complementary car wash too. Making a payment through our business development center. And don't forget you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles to with your airline. Ross Mercedes-Benz of Palpano's indirect sporo final over 150 grade new and pre-owned vehicles or just go to vence.com and we can web. Experienced the amazing difference at Mercedes-Benz of Palpano. You'll find them at i95 and Copa's road column at 1-800 new bans. Any WBE and Z. That's 1-800 new bans from Mercedes-Benz of Palpano and Mercedes-Benz. They're like no other. The biggest name is the best challenge to the business. This wheel rotters for 20560. 8M. Back in the turn. A deluded. Turn that straight, thought, bullies are horrible. Here. A lot of that Republic of Florida is quibble. A lot of that. Jail and Nielcon have their own side. Yeah. And that's it. For the time to build a station of life to be still that proud of the day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What the fuck is this? It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's fun. It's fun. You don't owe me money. You're afraid. It doesn't do much fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. You're afraid. You're a Shirleyaudience Head, beomin' on now Yea Pitchers, the hunkers Forro, home, am amiod own Travelling off, found a 다음에 Oh, take my bath Ceszzeye, farn!ceas and you've got aanoals forrr Boil it home, you ain't nobody gonna lean Background music courses. I'm looking on the two days menu. I just found this on the bottom of my pocket. I said, you said, meet loaf melts. I'm thinking, well, it's not if you do it right. Meet loaf melts. It's a sandwich, man. Like a good melt. Hmm. Like a patty melt. Never see patty melt all the time. In a little puddle. Anyway, I see meet loaf melt on the menu. Two days. How I ramed about that place. Now, good away until me wait there. Or did you tell me to need there? Two days? No, I didn't need there. I think Josh did. I have you. It's great. Yeah, it's very good. Well, they have stuff cabbage, two, man. Hmm. There's one of that. The oil crime place, coral springs. And potato pancakes. There's one right there in the medium-cran place of plantation. Right there in university. Right by that little doggy place. I can't go over there when I'm down there. I can't go by that doggy place because I see them little puppies in the window. And I owe me. I see a little puppies and I want to buy at least a couple of them and bring them home. You know, can't have no dogs here where I am. So that would be bad. It would even die. When that would be a bad surprise to leave somebody a couple of puppies. Yeah. But what's all of your carpeting? Get dry concepts in here again right away. Like every week. I don't want to go back to that again. No, you know, you know, I love dogs. But I just want to go through all of it again. Maybe someday. And this is a really interesting thing. Any grower in the Washington Post. Who do I tip and how much? Let's start asking some French Canadians who do you tip on how much? Isn't it native to Baylor? Yeah. That's got a gross man. Oh, my God. They are the worst. They are the worst in frogs. It says, sure, we all know the custom tip to can be the waitress to barber. And we generally agree on the man at 15% one standard is not pushing 20%. In a restaurant, if I get just even half late Eastern service, I would leave 20%. May two, it's easier math anyway. Yeah. If I get spectacular service, I might even leave like 25. Maybe even not turn man. Yeah. If I like the waiter, we try to add out. But what about people who perform services in our homes? The plumber, the window washer, the hooker, the movers, the wall up to so-up, two flights and stairs. The carpenters and painters who can begin to feel like family during big, we modeling projects. This could dozen people whom they tip and why and you're likely to get a dozen different answers. See, remember, I never has to worry about the tip because he's not picking up to check anyway. What's this facts I'm getting here? Is this from you? Can you see some of these ads? Oh, no. There you are again. If it isn't the food he shoveling off on me, it's that fish. Well, that's enough to make me believe the appetite. If it's the balance is up, that's right. She could make anybody look. But there's very hard days, look at day over hundreds. Costs the two stole. Oh, my God. What Tom Feelor and a hero lived a poor, very hard. Of course he was asking for it. Regarding the article on morning show you just read, don't get to a set. It was in the neighbor section in Broward, which perhaps three old forts read. At the Streisand Concert in sunrise, Pat Riley was there as we're done a shallady and miss Fudge. Miss Fudge was there. Do you think that's it? Yeah. And then I read on the SPN.com and article about Red Hourbot Croaking, the article says, I was enjoying the Streisand Concert in Florida when I heard the bad news. Written by Dick Byte, tell. Have these people no shame? No. Well, what am I not supposed to get to a Senate about? The fact that people are paying these wild prices to go see that pig? No. The fact that Pat Riley was there or down a shallady or miss Fudge? Yeah, she figured this to be a Harvard Streisand. All the queens were going to see that. All the real screamer is that, all the closet cases like miss Fudge, some routinely give extra cash to anyone who helps them out, some never do. In the way that opposites attract the occasionally married to each other. The rules for tipping for household services appeared totally arbitrary. Especially this time of year, think fall planning, interior sprucing up pre-hallety deliveries. Generosity came out of fast. Call me old fast, but I always tip the people who come to an house to perform a service as Lily, T. Arena, and information security specialist in Virginia. I believe that most of the people who do service have a jobs in my highly compensated, so I always give them a tip. You know, one of the first things I do would be by when I go there. Exactly. We're not necessarily always the first thing, but I go to the cashier window, and I'll take like a $10 bill and say, give me $10 loonies. There you go. Loonies in our coin. See George isn't even taken a back by that. No, so you got some of the tip. So I got like, because there are no coins anymore. Now that we have the tickets and all of my machines, there are no more coins. What I used to do was take like a 20 and go to a dollar machine and like, cash out the and get all the coins. There. But they don't have no coins no more. So I go to the window. There's nothing that bugs me more. Well, there are a lot of things that bug me more. Like the smelly of notches. People like that attend in bitch. But, oh, where do I'm like a maggot magnet? You know, I attract these people like honey, triceby. Maybe she wants you. Yeah, right. Well, you look like a money bag. Yeah, the bags part. And opposing point of view, no, I do not tip those who, mo my lawn, clean my gutters, wash my windows, deliver for nature, fix the furnace, renovate the kitchen, upgrade the rarer, he says Cindy Gilbert of a Delphi Marilyn, a management a list of the federal office, a personal management. If so, I'd be dead bro from all the tipping. And off of that tipping, plumbers and lectures, he reasons charge out of this world, prices for the services. They're traveled time and etc. So I'm sure they already included a hefty tip for themselves anyway. See, in Europe, they're more than, I mean, they may hate Americans in general, but one of the reasons they like us is because Americans being stupid, we know we're like the tip is already included in the price in the channel. So generally, because we feel guilty, we always leave like extra. But not too much. Even me, I always leave like an extra year or two. I have a couple, whatever, you know, change our gun. Spencer Levine, or is that Levine of Superman, Marilyn, a communication director for non-profit organization, is somewhere in the murky middle. We tip the pizza delivery guy and the kids we shovel so from the driveway, even if they don't do them as first a good job, because they're kids. I never knew how Spanish is a service for which I would tip. And the same one, I'm not gonna tip the Honda leadership when I buy a car. After a pause, yes, are we doing something wrong? Tipping the dealership on your buy a car, whoever heard of that. Not me. Of course, his name is Levine, or Levine. Perhaps we will find clarity among those working closely in the home service industry. No such luck. Typically, plumbers don't get tip of painters do. There's no rhyme or reason for it's as Angie Hicks, who runs Angie's list in nationwide service local rating guides for an array of domestic services. One thing they keep in mind is that they've gone above and beyond the call of duty and provided an exceptional service. If they come out in the middle of the night, if he told us it was overflowing, for long-care cruise on contract, Hicks is just maybe something at the end of the summer, 20 to 50 bucks for the price of a morning. And don't forget about the little things such as like a glass of lemonade would be nice. Yeah, Sarah Smock, marketing director for Mary Mades, the nation's largest residential house cleaning service, says relatively few clients tip during the year. 17% regularly give their weekly or twice monthly cleaners in extra five to 10 bucks per visit. Although there's more typically the holidays. But that's right, Jean. We've got an extra 54-year decrystallime. Have a great life, Jean. We're warning our contractor who's often handsomely paid or his employees is like when you stay in a hotel, like in Europe, for example. And you stay like for about eight or nine nights. When you leave theoretically, you're supposed to leave your change for the chambermate. For the made it comes in cleanser room, or maybe a okay. Now, I've got a pocket full of change. First of all, I got to get rid of it anyway, because I don't want to make my pants when I'm going through the scanner at the airport. You know what I'll do is I'll take the ash tree and I'll leave my pocket full of change in the ash tree. All right? No matter how much it is, I mean, I just don't want that damn all those Euro coins. So I mean, it's a good point. Often tipping is a simple expression of niceness is Peter Post, great grandson of Manor's Dorian, Emily Post, author of four etiquette books in a believer in the above and beyond maximum. If someone calls the couch up three flights of stairs, then moves four pieces of furniture, you want to give them a tip some lunch if they're all day cold rings, saying thank you is good. So is doing a letter of appreciation. But he really offers extra cash. That's not what this is about. Where Pummer's Electrician's Carpet is people of building vision, the best thing you can do is just pay them right away. Well, there you go. And Brown, former consumer product safety commission chairwoman has her own system. She tipped a carpet cleaner who can quickly worked well and had a really great attitude. Move right along. Oh, I didn't know that came with. I wonder when you called Rock Concepts, that comes with a cleaning. I've only ever gotten complacent to do that. So it's definitely. Oh, man. Oh, man, there's somebody with a way with words. That was in 44 votes on a pool. I think we got 100, 100. Look, don't you? You got to stop at some point. I think we're looking at the end. Some big estate. Let's go this challenge. If this is no Rock Concepts, Force Radio 560. You ain't. Yeah. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Don't miss the latest, must-have sensation to hit stores. It's the tickle me bush doll. This channeling little character, from the Pennsylvania Avenue Belpway gang, will laugh at anything you say. Till old George W. is so blessed, is all dried up and he'll laugh. Till him is military couldn't fight a boy scout jambore on a warm summer day. And he can't help but laugh. And you'll laugh too. As the tickle me bush doll, puckers his face to one side, and wiggles his ape-like ears uncontrollably. Tickle me bush. Just short of you, the biggest thanks since the outdoor grows of beer, G-a-pet. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll kiss 49.99 goodbye with a tickle me bush doll. And remember, pop a good house. I'll please sure to have one. If you want to out, 10% of every doll soul will support stem cell research, the missile defense shield, and Alaska oil drilling. He's good. He's in Sterego. He's got ape-like ears. It's the tickle me bush doll. He also then scores where the gun's ammo and R-A propaganda are sold. 103-56, the W-A-Messar gigantic world flaming one to two hour. Wait to hear this. You will not be too happy about it. Where you sure won't be surprised. OK. Which is sight and early voting? Oh, Jane. What a surprise. Early voters urged to cast their ballots with great care following scattered reports of problems with heavily used machines, man. After we could really voting a handful of glitches, would like trying to voting my machines if you're on the Iro voters, reassurances from election supervisors, and a caution against the careless casting of ballots. Several South Florida voters said the choices they touched on in electronic screens were not the ones that appeared on the reviews screen, the final voting step. Election officials said they're not aware of any serious voting issues, but in Broward, for example, in, W-A-M-A! They don't know how widespread the machine problems are because there's no process for pull workers to quickly report minor issues and no central database of machine problems. Indeed, incidents are logged and reported daily and recorded in a central database and Georgia's cracking his fingers again. The problem machines are shut down. Why? As I said, in the past, Dave County would send someone to correct a machine on sites at Lester's solo, county supervisor elections. Now he said, we close the machine down and put a seal on it. So if you walk in and go vote, you see a seal flopping around top of the machine stay away from that one. Never read, voted with her boss on Wednesday and African American research library and cultural center near Fort Lauderdale. For vote went smoothly, but boss Gary Rudolph called her over to look at what was happening on his machine. He texted a screen for Governor Turill candidate Jim Davis to Democrat, but the reviews screen repeatedly registered to the Republican Charlie Gay. Christ. That's exactly the kind of problem that since conspiracy theorists in the high gear, especially in South Florida where a history problem is that the polls have made voters and so they actually escape. What is the story of problem that the polls? Oh, I don't know if I just make a net up, you know the hero. A poll worker then helped root up, but it took three tries to get it right. So if you want to vote for Dave, it's even better vote three times just to be sure. I'm shocked, but I, because I really want to trust that the issues with the regularities with voting machines have been resolved to read, a paralleled word was me because the races are so close. Here's a fact that says, I'm tuning in late today. Some hope I'm not being redundant. I took the time to read the article posted, hello awaits a mirror fair from smirking, shimp, I Jason Miller. That may be the finest analysis I've read in quite some time. That article deserves a live reading. Thanks for posting these articles. I feel like I'm cheating by taking advantage of your efforts. You are quite doing it. Not. I feel like I'm cheating by taking advantage of your efforts. Why do you think we do it? It's right. So people will read the stuff, man. Because people will read anything like that article. We had about the newspaper circulation being way down. People don't read, baby. At least in old renews papers. Hopefully they read on the internet like neorargers.com. Right, they will plead, we pray. And because so many people are reading these days, Josh has decided to give out that email address. It's interesting to do. We've never going to do that. Although it's a great idea, don't you think? Oh yeah. You can off one of these people. You can off one of these people. Yeah. Keep him inside all the time, morning noon and night. Even during the show, we'll be able to eat all that ice cream, all the other crap. And when those big bags of candy come in the Georgia's ordering, not me. I'm so sorry that I found that Rogers ice cream. Oh. Why did you start that? What did it, Mary Jane? If you have any idea what I'd tie, tannic lightning bolt that struck through my head when you started talking about Mary lightning. Broward supervisor, relations spokeswoman Mary Koonie, said it's not uncommon for screens and heavily with machines to slip out of sync, making votes register incorrectly. Oh, wonderful. Poor workers are trained to be calibrated on the spot. Essentially, we align the video screen with electronics inside. The 15 step process is outlined in the forward as manual. The 15 step process, please take cake. It's resolved right there. See there we go again. Faster. Broward pulley, you see. See this is there's a method in his madness. I'm sorry right now. He got the big summer book. He thinks that if I croaked like before my birthday on Sunday, if I croaked real soon, that's a very long gig, you know? One of the few people that doesn't want you dead. Oh. I heard they're going to bring somebody back. Don't go to a big number. We can do a big number in there. And what am I supposed to be going on? I'm supposed to buy that article by Jason Miller. That's not that Jason Miller that was in the essence just who died. Was that an imaginative? Yeah, that was his name. He played the father curious in play Alex Karris. He played father curious. Where am I going to find that? I know what son our website is. So where's it under today, Josh? Oh, yeah. Wait to America. What? Thanks, huh? He doesn't know. I said I'm so damn it. There it is. Mass manipulation, et cetera. Another one of those Jason Miller articles. OK. Fill with the left wing propaganda just the way we like it. I'm pretty good at right now. Right off our website. That way I won't have no chopped offage. You know, I didn't discover that. And that is the my print the stories out right from our website. And the fine stuff that you've done on there. It's like, you know. So anyway, there you go. W to be thanks a lot. And then pretty good right now. If it's not 500 pages long, maybe I'll just read it right here on here. Not more reading of articles on here instead of those great phone calls. Oh, wow. Yeah. It's coming quickly like the cleaning guy. He awaits or hell waits. See, I can't even read the first word right. How am I going to read this? Hell waits America Mass manipulation, blissful psychosis and 70s ways to achieve the animation rights Jason Miller. How long is this? It's too long. I think W to be. I think he's from the W to be network. Oh, this is too long. This goes on. Like I said, reading on our website today. It's like the second article on there. It's like a hundred pages long. Send W to be the ability to fix paper. Jesus, God. This is like about seven pages long on and on and on. It grows and where it's stuff. And it says for a second, the last two paragraphs, so where will in the mass delusions stuff that Merrow that the wretched may know upon the bones and exercise your conscience and for God's sake, save her each second to ride because hell awaits America is that uplifting right in middle lunch hour? That's a little after lunch hour. It's one or nine, which is shy of the beach boys in 409. Was it a PT one or nine? Was that the idea of cable? Yes, it was. Thousands and 67 boats on the pool we got that 1100 relief. We're getting in our licks. And what was that thing about kicking my 100? Did I just play? Nancy. Take my fancy. Republican Senator John McCain, who never found a war that he wasn't enchanted with, said Friday the US should send another 20,000 troops to Iraq. Oh my God. I remember the Senate on Services Committee. McCain said increasing US forces would require expanding the standing armament Marine Corps, a step to Bush administration has resisted. Another 20,000 troops in Iraq, but that means expanding the armament Marine Corps. He said McCain's call for escalation would exacerbate the deteriorating situation in Iraq would only further damage US national security, right? So this is from a think progress, this is the website. And here's at least two reasons why it says, one, no troops to send sending more troops to Iraq would at the moment threaten to break our nation's all volunteer army and undermine national security. McCain exists in large in the forces send them to Iraq. An idea that's impossible to carry out over the short term. And that would damage the military's ability to recruit over the long term. And two, the insurgency would grow more inflamed as in feining. A more visible present of US troops risk further stoking the flames of the insurgency by feeding perceptions of long-term US occupations among many Iraqis. The recent effort to increase troop numbers in Baghdad is only increased violence. A recent pull of Iraqis indicate that support for attacks on US law forces as grown way majority positions now six out of 10, a number should increase if more US troops are put on the ground. Phase withdrawal is gaining consensus as the best, the last best option for Iraq, a growing group of experts included in the Iraq study group and a host of conservative senators are consolidating behind a redeployment 63% of Americans believe Congress should say a time table. Now, pronto. Right, Subito. C. Quickly. Data. Thousands, 70 votes in at Poul about ladies, man. Women. Good luck, everybody. There's good ones. There's bad ones. There's beautiful ones. There's sexy ones. There's grow test ones. There's bad ones. There's smelly ones. They're tall ones. And sure one. What's the worst thing about women? Moots wins. Two, four team. Non-stop bitching, 183. There's a way to solve that, you know. Never say what they mean in 132, nagging 122, nagging and bitching and mowning and whining. Unrealistic expectations, what do you think? When they get saggy and sloppy, they ain't good, 89. I hate this pool 74, 6.9%. Nothing, they're great. Women are all great, 56. There's obviously somebody that's somebody that's not even getting around too much. They never forget, 37. And they'll never let you forget. That's part of the nagging thing. No sense of humor, 32. And worst, the commitment 14, you don't even have your pants off yet, and nobody that they want to run, you know? Which I guess is easy if you've got to ring around the f*** collar. Yeah. Like a priest for example, he's always got to ring around his neck. Don't you think that a lot of these priests ought to have something round around it? Like a newster, a newster around it. Like that priest father, Marcia, whose name is Marcia, but nevertheless, it's Marcia. Can you explain to me how you pronounce those letters, Marcia? Hey, you're Mr. Italian, Linguini. Yeah, right. That Italian woman, man. No, no, no. Now I lost 15, and when you see why do you think I want something? I mean, I don't smell anything. Oh, you've just seen that more. Oh, she's like older than me. She's old, old Italian, you know, man? How can you be like, I'm sitting there with my own issues. Okay, I'm trying desperately not to give any money back on Saturday, which I did not. I want to put the reading I say, not thanks to her. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah. I don't even know the bitch in season old nag, and ought to be shot. I'm a spot. One 13, a QA. The 50's name, so the best time of the business of the U.S. Four, 20, 5, 60. QA, M. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh. Oh, I've got the no clue. One new action, said I'd like no clue. One new action. Very comfortable, comfortable, very comfortable, comfortable, all look, comfortable, comfortable, very comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable, comfortable. I'm dying on my ass. This presentation show, please begin. I've often wondered who was going to win. Sometimes, people went to do their voting show. So count up all the ballots and one doubt is gotten more. Those old folks seem to have what they can come up. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to protect you can. Oh my God. So I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count up all, count up all, very comfortable, count up all, very comfortable, comfortable, very comfortable, comfortable, very comfortable, very comfortable, all. Finally, the tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on a channel 10. Some may repeat for all the given and punch. They said they were confused and didn't know which whole the punch. Oh, so folks seem to have what they can come up. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to protect you can. Oh my God. So I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Oh I'd like to know who won the election. Count up all, count up all, diverse, carefully, count up all, count up all, carefully, count up all, count up all, comfortable, fairly powerful, 64 and 5000, 64 and 5000, 64, baby it's design America here's I guess what Josh was talking about the beginning of the show I hadn't heard anything about this Trevor Trevor Burbick right yeah I just saw the headline Jamaican police admit a second arrest in a machete sling a former Canadian in the world heavyweight boxing champ Trevor Burbick huh the rest came Sunday night last night after hours of questioning the first suspect a 20-year-old man said Carl Angel to record communications from the Jamaican Constabulary for us early the from his office in Kingston Jamaican man I do like that They can stab Hillary Burbick to 52-year-old former World Champion who once be the legendary Mohammed Ali was found dead with multiple head wounds in the yard of Norwich Baptist Chapel across the road from his home in the district of Norwich early Saturday police has said that wounds to the back of his head were likely caused by a machete Which in rural Jamaica is primary farm implement for the small farmer? I wonder if it's like the one we got sitting on the counter there that O. J. machete a through to what you did? Yeah, it didn't work Norwich is a quiet community on the island's northeast about 120 kilometers 72 miles from the capital Kingston Angel said that rumors were right that the slaying stem from a dispute over land However, we can't confirm this he said a land dispute There are also rumors of conflict with neighbors or within the Burbick family Neighbours of the former champ reached by telephone were reluctant to be named but also the neighborhood is quiet and safe One church member a neighbor of Burbick said the former champ seemed down on his luck He had returned to the community where he was born after being deported from the US Burbick had apparently been in conflict over family property that he sought to reassert control over after so many years abroad Burbick fought professionally from 1976 to 2000 finishing with the record of 50 and 11 with one dry and 33 knockouts He fought for Jamaica at the 1976 Monterey Olympics and became a Canadian landed immigrant 1979 sure left the beginning is pro boxing career while living in Hall of Facts say Hall of Facts Nova Scotia or you think you're seeing cold baby. I can't even begin to imagine He quickly won the Canadian heavyweight title and moved to Florida in the early 80s Just as his boxing career was taken off. You see how ill-fated is people I wind up moving to Florida. Oh my god, they're life turned to cram in 1981 He'd be aging all the end of the Bahamas in the final fight of the boxing legends career in 86 He won the WC heavyweight title in decision over pinkland Thomas eight months later He lost the title 20 year old Mike Tyson by a knockout Burbick later claimed that he was drugged before that fight. How do you like that? His legal problems began as his boxing career began to wane in 1991 He was convicted of a misdemeanor assault for attacking his former business manager who testified the box of credit gun to our head and A cute girl stealing 40 grand U.S. from him The following years convicted in the sexual assault of a 16 year old Florida babysitter and was sentenced to four years in prison It was also convicted the secondary grand theft for forging his X-Wife signature to get a 95 thousand dollar mortgage on his mirror bar home Oh, sounds like a really slimy kind of guy He served 15 months in those convictions was ordered he ported into Jamaica, man But before it could be removed Burbick's side to Canada moving first amount to y'all for non-successful attempt to resurrect his boxing career and then to B.C In other words he took a powder to B.C In February 1999 while they're montriol Burbick defeated chains start clip to win the Canadian heavyweight title for the second time Aren't you impressed? That was later disputed because I know the Canadian boxing officials he'd been stripped of the statuses they landed immigrant had been deported deported from Canada six months earlier, but in December of 1999 an immigration appeal panel granted Burbick a five year A stay meaning he could apply for citizenship after that time if he kept out of trouble Burbick left B.C. return to Florida where warrant had been issued for his arrest and was deported Jamaica in 2000 and two Ramon and his dead Trevor Burbick is dead right our block is dead. They're dying like flies man. How do you like that? How old was he? Trevor Burbick? I don't know did it say an article? I wasn't pay me attention. Were you me attention? I'm sure George was Well, it's it's a sports thing man. It's a sports thing just like right our buck We have to we have to insert some sports grab every no-one in Carancia that's what Josh told me see must have experienced off his ass 111 votes on the pool We got a shot at 1110 the worst thing about women 111 and it's a pretty good battle there mood swings 220 non stop pitching 186 enough at a pitching already, okay quit being a nag Oh, what's the difference between pitching and nagging? You Done now I mean I screwed up on that now and it's good. Yeah, what up? It gives him a variety of places to go to vent their Spleen 26 after one at five 60 WQ. I don't know the level seem a little strange to you today Or maybe it's just me even losing my heart or it's even all the boxes nothing at about pop that you're chewing Now, I'm thinking either start poppin oxies or start eating a merry james by the handful you Bastard for those things are so damn good I'm sure I won't find any here, but I'm sure I can find bit of honey Which were really just rip your teeth out and those things boy you talk about you talk about sending your blood sugar skyrocketing those things Like tan and evil and just injecting sugar water into your veins good I'll tell you what else is good. It's dial-matis. This is a wrong spot I could do this one now. Yeah, I'll just switch around. How's that? All right It's dial-matis 30 is birthday Bob Birdman and a celebrate dial-matis and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on best selling Simmons V2 rest pillow top You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons V2 rest would same-day delivery So if you're finally ready to do it this smart way like I've been doing for years and most of us here at Q William Just sit there on your fan-ars and call dial-matis at 1-800 mattress get unbeatable Fact-read red prices and award winning service with no nonsense no off-brands nobody has no rip-offs No schlepping all over time a comparison child wasting time gas and money dial-matis is got a 12-month financing view for you and without a mattress as always You just choose the date and timing what that mattress delivered 7 days a week from 8 in the am till 10 to 9 when it's convenient for you And they sure up even on the same day that's your call if you want to be called right now You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight That's why dial-matis is right number one in the world of customer satisfaction And why just about everybody at Q and we use this then you ought to be doing the same on the web check them out at valamacris dot com or make that one EC phone call 1-800 mattress 1-800 mA TTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for spectacular savings and silly saleshold This is really so good I Don't know You go, then please don't come back. 1-31, I guess you won't, huh? Maybe you ought to right now, the way things are going. She'll love straight in that bitch. Yeah. I think it's a match made in Purgatory, myself. I think you're a perfect match. Secret Cavity Memo admits her back is fueling UK tear. How do you like that? Tony Blair's claim that there's no link between Britain's foreign policy and terrorist attacks in Iraq in England is loaned by secret cabinet Memo revealed yesterday. A classified paper written by senior downstreet officials say that everything Britain does overseas for the next decade must have the ultimate aim of reducing terror activity, especially that in order to write to the against the UK. The Memo circulated in recent weeks to ministers in security chiefs and seen yesterday by the Sunday telegraph, outlines an extraordinary wish list of how the government were like World Travelspaught's look in 10 years time. It also signals that draught-grewed his Britain's military commitments around the globe. It admits that in an ideal world the Muslims would not perceive the UK and its foreign policies as hostile effectively except the argument that Britain's military action to recognize Afghanistan has served as a recruiting surge in for Islamist terrorist groups. Public remaster Blur is resistant to this line fiercely during his final speeches related labor's annual conference last month. He describes such claims as enemy propaganda. But the Memo leaves no doubt that all foreign policy must be driven by the goal of supporting terrorism in Britain. It demands a significant reduction in the number and intensity of the regional conference that fuel tear activity. Now, it's just a coincidence, okay. They're not pissed off because they're like killing all those people over there. It just, they're all worked up. They're temperamental. That's all. That people are pissed off. Drop bombs on them. They'll start loving you then. That's right. Margaret Carlson and the Seattle Post and tell you, Margaret Carlson, she's always on whatever the TV show is on Sunday. She's on those shows. Would it glasses? Come on. You better stare Washington, those panels show his man. Like what's that one? I'm a clock time company. Better stare Washington ad. When President Bush wakes up in the night as he wonder how the family of 20 year old Lance Corporal Trevor Collinsworth, who was killed last week in Raccofs with the loss, does he think about whether the almost 3000 WS desk there have been worth it? At Bush's press conference, October 25, is he twisted his mouth to speak out of one side of it. His very words seem to pain him. I know many Americans are not satisfied. He said, I'm not either. But we can't allow our dissatisfaction to tune in this elusionment. Some of the bad news is sophisticated propaganda by the enemy he said. Now, once the other phrase, stay the course, which has been removed from the White House talking points, the way portraits of the squidded leaders removed from the Kremlin. What's forcing the banishment is not the looming defeat in Iraq, but the one looming at the polls. First told George Steph on top of us recently that we've never been to stay the course. His press secretary, the obnoxious Tony Snow, said the words hadn't passed, which is lips and so August 31. You only have to click on you, cheer, to see a video of at least 50 times over the last year when a president invoked those words to describe his Iraq policy. Stay the course. Bush now says he was only distinguishing himself from those who would leave abruptly. He's been misunderstood if anyone thought he wasn't a proponent of adjusting his tactics as the situation demanded. No one has claimed that. Bush might be slow to change tactics, but he changes them. The awful truth is not that military tactics have been changed, it's that they have changed and failed. This is where slogan substituting for policy can get you in the trouble. But just the easy way before the election, it's time for some new spin, although in Bushlight, it's not time for new policies. I'm reminded of Bush's father during his 1992 election campaign when accused of ignoring struggling workers he responded, message, I care rather than by actually doing anything for them. By state of course, the current president meant that despite what your eyes tell you, victories around the corner. Forders just need to stick with someone with resolve like him as opposed to the Democrats or defeat a crats who would cut and run before the job is done. The evidence that there's little Americans can do now to spend the worst name violence Democrats successfully turns, say the course against the Republicans. Now endangered Republicans are urging a White House to inform voters that you don't have to do anything so rash as to vote to the Democratic to get the country out of Iraq. Changing course might save lies, but it's too painful for Bush to swallow, requiring us to do some admission at Iraq as descending in a way chaos that Americans are helpless to stop. A new course may involve unpleasant options such as dividing Iraq into a loose confederation, pushing out Prime Minister Malachi, who was never when we controlled the Shiite militias. Elisting Iran and Syria and a regional diplomatic effort, or toughness of all, sending more troops. General George Casey, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, put that last option on the table, although he heads by it and then would likely mean reassigning troops over it in the country. You can bet Bush's flexibility stops at least before the election, at sending new troops to a place of majority of Americans that give an up on. The White House may be all too mindful of the addictive salted peanuts phenomenon, former Secretary of State Kiznjur, who were Nixon about accurate took office. Kiznjur now in formal advisory to Bush on Iraq, said that if Nixon were to begin with the Prime troops from Vietnam before the next U.S. election, it would set off a hunger for more withdrawals and be an acknowledgement that the mistakes were made. Nixon's domestic enemies would never be satisfied and they were in lead to Fiji said. Bush is keeping company with the wrong former Secretary of State. James Baker, co-chairman of the Iraq State group, would perform more of his endively Hamilton, has said his recommendations would be to put more options on the table than merely to say the course. Unfortunately, Baker is playing out the election clock, agreeing not to wish recommendations him to laugh at the midterm congressional elections. Death won't stop him in a Bush-changing course, but that's not an argument for waiting. Changing course won't bring back Corporal Collins' work here to cut save his bunkmate. What do we got here on the fast machine, Mon? Grab. Rod Rigo says Friday, Renard Cole, about Chris and a 16-year-old roommate in St. Curtis, P. Z. Bridae, Cole spoke of Charlie using his parents' arrest for tax purposes, and the 16-year-old using the home they shared. Why was this information now put on your website? What does that mean? Rod Rigo. That's what it means. Sounds like he's a bus that are chopped or something. Yeah. Because somebody fashed it in and I have no idea where the originally came from Rod Rigo. That's the answer why. If somebody wants to refax it and tell me what the source was, it's matter of fact, after the show I googled it to see if I could find where the hell I came from. I couldn't do it. Although I found when you type in Charlie, Chris, and G. In Google, you find all sorts of stuff that comes up. It pops up. Like that. As if there's any doubt. That's why Rod Rigo, trouble maker. Let number 22 votes on it. Pull. We're not doing back considering we had that late start last night. I don't think that your bill will be satisfied with 1100 and some of those. Although I think we have some day parts that don't have quite that many listeners. You know what I'm saying? No. I didn't say a thing. You're hallucinating again because of that Mary Jane. Because you got that molasses all over your chin. I don't know what you're talking about. God, you had to start with that. Well, I'm going to do nothing. I hope. No, in the last break, when the last break starts, it's about whenever it's going to be. I'm going to go and put on my pot of boiling water. Oh, there you go. I'm going to go in there. I'm going to slice up my weiner for the sauce. I'm going to slice up your weiner for the sauce and when you boil the pot, it sounds like this. Yeah. And then I'm going to make me my low carb pasta flunk. So I don't wind up it and rushing out and buying a bunch of that Rod Rigo's ice cream or looking for a bunch of Mary Jane's or Clark bars. Very good. Do you love Clark bars? No. I like them. But I like my butter fingers. Yeah, butter fingers are good. And the best thing about butter fingers is. It's something we sweeten. Yeah. All day long because they get stuck in your teeth. Yeah. Clark bars do to their chewy. New. New, man. Just like we said about when is your when and lesbian on? We told them new good. And when we said, and started sounding like maybe they did. Just a little tiny baby nuke. Stance all. You know, don't get all bent out of shape. Don't start with that anti-sumantic crap again about the Israelis did this. And he's with, you know, just a little tiny teeny baby nuke. First start, you know, just to send a message. Like Joey Zazza. And he's going to send a message. That's right. He's just horse and around. Joey. Zazza. See, then we'll be wasn't as bad as you thought. That's the good way. And once that's in with okay. There are never some good scenes in there. Like when the archbishop got flying down those stairs. Funny till two, we got the mad dog back from a short, whatever the hell he went last week. Who knows where anybody goes. You know, when he come right down to it with take whatever we give you. Take what you get. Right? Right. Like tonight, we got guilty at seven o'clock. I think there's some good TV on it. So, oh, yes. We'll force him on it. Let me tell you right now that Lou back wrote Chevy's race to a thousand for the first time in their history. They're going to sell a thousand cars in one month. And that ends tomorrow night. But they will be open midnight tonight tomorrow night. Because they want to sell a thousand cars in one month for the first time in their history. I mean, my buy and my vets and other great cars from Lou back wrote for years. Because their prices are unbeatable. Their services top notch. And they preach a great like a real manch. Lou back wrote is going to give you a deal. I can't ever saw me for in your life. I'm those great new Corvets. Fox SUVs mini vans. They've also got a fabulous selection of use cars starting in just 39. 95 every single one backed by a car. Facts what in T. Forget about price. Make them an offer. They'll be any deal because they want to get to that thousand. They give you more money for your trade. Zero percent financing. We base up to six grand. Whatever it takes to make you that deal. Waiting for you at Lou back wrote Chevy these next two days. Two locations for you. You'll find Lou back wrote in Pablo Beach. A quarter mile west of 95 right by Papa. Oh, Park. And a coconut creek on 441. Just out of the saw grass expressway. Don't forget Lou back wrote to an open till midnight. Every night. So today in a Marlboro, Lou back wrote get the best you ever heard of in your life on a great new Chevy or a fabulous use out of a bill. Or check them on the wicked web at Lou back wrote dot com. That's VACH R O D T. Lou back wrote dot com. The feast name. So best tell us if this is wheel Roger S. Sports Radio 560. You a M. I got your breath beautiful. Make it woman. So on on cheap. Make it woman. Ride all day big. See. Make it woman. I can't catch in the cocaine. That is a less share of deal. Make it woman. That's the football game. Make it woman. Make it woman. She got your towel bill in me. Time to do it. They say. When the network come up to me. For God's casting, do it to me. We should not see that for free, or to me. That's what H.B.O. is for. Still a black sort of portion. Why are they going high for all they be seen? Who do you see? That move was great. I've been walk this week. Rollin' all the redness gray. And play. Make it woman. So on cheap. Make it woman. Ride all day big. See. Make it woman. Like having jacks in the cocaine. We laugh. On this night I can make, don't fret. But after Grace this day, they say that Miss Cass. rights. He says, via Florida's news meeting, Gays and I conspiracy of silence concerning a core issue in the upcoming election, the truthfulness and honesty that Republicans in front of Governor Charlie Christ. For those who haven't heard the situation is this, multiple sources have come forward, alleging firsthand knowledge that Christ is gay and and or has had homosexual affairs. Christ has been asked about in public, generally by reporters from the alternative media by constituents at meetings and by talk show host and is adamantly and repeatedly denied it. And the mainstream media have not reported a word of any of this to Florida voters. Full disclosure, as a gay person living in an era where gay issues often dominate politics, I think that a candidate's sexual orientation is as relevant to his campaign as things like his marital status or religion are how many kids he has sometimes even more so. For example, Christ opposes adoption by gay couples and favors a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage. If our Florida voter, these facts would raise a host of moral, ethical, and even psychological questions, if Christ himself is a gay man. But even if he don't care whether or not Christ's gay, his strength with denial's raised serious and legitimate questions about his truthfulness and credibility, just like Gary Hartzmann, I was a extramarital affairs raised questions about his. And just like with Gary Hartz, I was the Niles cry out for a serious media examination. After all, the traditional solution for gay politicians of what are made in the closet, we tend to reintegrity avoid media scrutiny. It's simply refused to answer questions about their sexuality. Even the odious Mark Foley never denied he was gay, he just attacked the question as irrelevant and the questioners as intrusive. But Christ's Niles are absolute. He has an effect they're demoted to prove him a liar. And how his Florida's mainstream media responded in the way that they're complete silence on Mark Foley with more complete silence. Although Christ alleged homosexual activity is the whispered talk of Florida, although it's been impressively detailed in the alternative, Broward Palm Beach, New Times, although it's being openly discussed by Christ, old friend and curre reform party, a potent maximum. And I stick it on a Zikian website. You wouldn't know any of this from reading the Miami hero of the Palm Beach post, or any of the other means to be media outlets in the state. You get the impression that the Florida media feel that because allegations were sometimes, and also we always couched as political smears by Christ right when primary opponent, the rough limits to respectable reporters. But it bears repeating that the fundamental issue for journalists is not Charlie Christ's lent home of sexuality. It's is honesty and integrity. For him to choose to maintain a dignified silence in the face of such allegations to be one thing, but for him to actively deny the allegations, raises the very hard question, is this candidate honest or a blatant liar in hypocrite? So memo to Florida editors and reporters, you have a professional obligation to report on stories that have a very on the truthfulness and take what he Netflix is running for the highest office in the state. If politicians make claims about their lives and backgrounds that have reasonably, maybe false, you have a duty to report that to investigate it, and leave the results before the voters. If you don't do that, you simply not doing your job. That's from Gabriel Wartell, I'm a hoffington post. Got it? Got it? That's for a run. Rigo who's like all of Ben on a ship, all of them pretty filled better known. You see a better run Rigo and it's not too bad. Okay, so here's that thing hacking democracy is the name of this HBO documentary. Are you hacking some? Thanks a lot. Good. Is American democracy safe in the age of computers? This cautionary film looks at the very real risk of hackers, altering vote counts in public elections, and exposes the vulnerability of computers which kind of possibly 80% of America's votes in county state and federal election. Oh, not fixed elections in America. That would be a first. Film in 2004 and five, this documentary tells the story of Ben Harris, a Seattle public sister writer who's walks to a group uncovered evidence of missile voting records and suspicious voting my sheen malfunctions. Harris's crusade took the group consisting of computer experts, activists, and political candidates in both parties, from our home computer, where she found a computer system blueprint, and incidentally made public to telehassy for a many election that proved just how easy it is to hack the vote. Kind of like hack the wife, remember that? How could I forget? Yeah, I think we got. Oh yeah, we do. Speaking of OJ, if I'd done it. So anyway hacking the democracy is the name of the HBO documentary, and here's the schedule. It's all over the place. It's on Thursday, Friday, Sunday, two November, second through the 10th. It's quite frankly, it's on several times before Tuesday. I would recommend if you're going to watch it if you have HBO. Watch it before Tuesday before it's new to be a good idea, because it's on two. It's on all over the place on Tuesday and election day. Interesting. And then it's just a coincidence. Yeah, it's been about, you know, east, west, north, south in the middle, etc. All of these things, all these places. I take a look at that Rogers chocolate almond brittle sounds really inviting. I think I'm not going to get any. Because if I did it, I got my blood sugar wapl of your fault. You don't want to take the wrap for that to you. No man, I don't want to let it blow out of my hand. Just remember if I croaked or before my birthday, folks, George, and spread that nice gift to you, Sammy. So that was just a cover up. You know, it's just a, just a deflection. You see right through me. 1143 votes on a fully. I'm going to do right now. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Put that pasta in there. My stall. I'll pass the baby. You got it. I'm going to go put my big thing right on the stove. I'm going to heat it up and stick my big, my big can right on the stove. I'm going to heat up the seasoning. So best tell us if this is the orrochrist. Force radio 560. You. And. The. Good. Good. Birthday. Good. Birthday. Good. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Right now jigsimov a big common back. Hit it inside a concert dude. It's going to look really big up the right. Because you want to know when you'll save him from chapter transmiter het fein! with. je mop Beard we go. Oh! There we go. night through my money, I'm gonna nominations. Don't, take a picture. Don't go. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so, sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry,, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, I'm sorry I'll be some more prisoner Oh, mate Then scream nice and loud Get me some words and a fashory path You're fair, I don't care if they It's from my rack to be Use you to the torture Cause they're just playing their game In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who's saying Oh, I'm right back