Alright, Neil's back. Hope you had a great week. Yeah, I did. What'd you do? Had a real, what do you let it I do? What does that mean? What did I do? I wasn't on the air. Oh, you know that. I was the last weekend, that was his pass, but the previous weekend, kicked him serious ass. Yeah. He had 3000 on the same machine twice. Did you hear that? I don't know. It's about 2 hours. Well, what do you know? I can barely hear you again. Are we back up to that old craft again when people touch him with that board in there? I think it's Robert Greeper. I think I think the how much is it going to cost for a hitman to take care of his ass? Oh, seriously, you and I can chip in 50% each. Alright, it's like a bunch. Yeah, I'll say you'll have more than that. So you didn't travel. Well, nine were falls. It's about not all as far. No, I was right here. Have a wonderful week. Good. Sometimes it's nice. Maybe Lenny Martin is in there. Potsking around at a board again. I don't know what the hell's going on. I haven't seen Lenny. He was in there last week playing with the board while George was trying to do a show, giving like extra sound effects kind of like like that one. Only much louder. Listen to that phone. It sounds good. I think we got to take a little problem post. I'm going back to when I refalves. And go back to falls view. But I sure treat you great in those places. Yeah, and you like that place. I love it. Oh, what a beautiful. I mean, that's a year old. It's brand new. Every room overlaps the falls. It's just, do they treat you great? Food is sensational. They pick up the tag. Everything. Not this week. But next week, I'll be at Caesars in the morning. Or you are. You're something. I'm on Mars and you're on your. You're famous. I mean, you're like on another part of the universe. That's how low they got the level in there. But what is can we ever get this straight now? Just one time. Okay. Just like you said in the godfather, just this one time, K. Let's ask me about my business. Just one time. Can we get this back towards supposed to be again? Who can say? What the hell is going on there? A technical disaster. By the way, let me give you the rating. It's the next Monday is the first of May. Yes. Let me give you the Amir. You're still like nothing has changed. You're still like in the trial. Let me give you the ratings so far. The new regime there. That's it. Or if you want to put a decimal, it's 0. Oh, yeah. God. These people. You thought the previous regime was bad. These people are clueless. Clueless. Goldies been doing most of the two o'clock shows. Am I? It was soon something from that. I don't know. Nice. You know, see your buddy Clarence. They were your protege. I don't want to put it off on your big fat shoulders. But you're protege. They're he's the chigrin and wood pile. Clarence. Him and his buddy Robert are around the joint. And now that's why we get. So we took that poll on the show and guilty did very poorly. This far. So they want to hear two to four. Very poorly. So that's why we get now that hockey season's over. They've got to stick him in there somewhere. So we got three days of guilty this week and one day of a totem poll blow. Nice. Clarence before we came in there. And I said, well, I come back after vacation. Is anything going on? Not yet. Yeah. Yeah. So there was we're still from the Norway. It's the first of May next Monday already. You know? It's the first of freaking May. The year is like passing us by. Sometimes I feel like life is passing us by. And what do I mean? Yes. Sometimes I feel myself. No. I really do. Oh. Sometimes I feel myself. So thank God we got a Marlon Cub game on Wednesday afternoon. We only get 15 minutes off as a 145th of pregame. At least that'll preclude. Oh no, I see he's not after the game. He's everywhere. He's like a disease now. I think pretty soon that's found is going to be in our transmitter. Yep. Call out to people at Riddets. See if we can't get the term I set out of our transmitter. It's got to be termites making that sound. So I got to tell you about a really fascinating email. I got not so fascinating, but just I'm using it a six cents from Joe Bell. I was in the middle of my vacation week. I don't know about you. But when I'm on vacation, I don't want to hear about that place. Yeah. Unless they sold it and they're going to pay me off. Or they're going to burn to the ground. Something important. You know, other than that, leave me alone. I'm on vacation. Yep. So I'm going to tell the middle of the week from Joe Bell to tell me that George's deal, which a norm can't have threatened them with physical punishment, like a capital punishment to give them to get off their ass and do something. George's deal is just about done and they got this and let me put a group right for a while to the first of the year. And then number two, and it was a copy of an email he sent a normer can't. And he said, by the way, we're still very interested in extending meals contra. Now let me just ask you this. I've been nearly three years left on the present deal, okay? Which is it seems like an eternity when you get to be this age. Three long progress years and whoa, what kind of a mental institution would they have to do? You remember Bell view? Then have to pull me and Bell view and give me like the member in Cookers nest. They were given everywhere. La Bata Mese, I think. That's what they would have to give me as a La Bata Mese. If I were to like, we up for that place based on what I've seen so far. The first few months of this new regime. Well, what is this man thinking about? One has he shown us so far. It's almost the first of me. So far that we're indicating I don't want to like extend my obligation with him. What has he shown us? Correct. Well, yeah, that. And now maybe you're seeing something that I'm not, you know, maybe you can... Fill me in. You got me. Yeah. Come on, it's got to be something beside that. We're going to head that before. We had that befo. Well, maybe defo. When you're something I'm thinking defo is corny as he is. Maybe he's not all that bad. Anything, brother, and he's got. So you want to have the naked pictures? I'm guaranteed. So far right, Christ, would you extend? I beg your pardon? For the right price. I'm going to tell you, they would have to make me an offer that I couldn't refuse. It would have to be so fantastic with a gigantic signing bonus and paying my right here. I mean, you bring me a limo service to Niagara Falls every weekend. That is not going to happen. I want to make them an offer. Yeah, I'm waiting. Sounds like a pretty good deal. What? Well, yeah, I'm going to show them my breath with that time from these cheap bastards. So if they're just hanging out to me like... I don't know like what? Just hanging on to natureously like, oh geez, we just can't let him slip away. You know, it's pathetic. But just don't worry about Mo Green. I'm going to make him an offer. I can't eat can't refuse. Yeah. And all of a sudden, he's so mo. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with Charlie. I was never going out with Charlie. He just don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Great stuff. Yeah. Oh, it's an amazing, I can remember just about every line in there. Bob Lee, who don't ever take sides to anyone outside the family again. Bob Lee says you can never go wrong quoting a godfather. Really? Who the hell is the Bob Lee? Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Bob Lee is the host of Sports Center on Sunday morning. Oh, I know that was a bad face, you know. He's good. He's very good. Oh, if he's not the SPN, he might be okay. Of course they got everybody on. Yeah. Now that we had the SPN, two and three. Oh, let me tell you something. I know you don't know you hate NBC like poison and rightfully so because of their horse racing abortions. Yeah. Anything with an H. I guess they can't handle because now they're doing a hockey play on. Although, oh, I'm doing a much better job. Of course, T.S. and C.B.C. whatever. NBC, man. They are close. They've got the the color guys. Seriously, I'm getting a headache. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm kinda scared. Yeah. Well they haven't changed the technical people here. technical people here. No, they just got a little more tested than they're reading the newspaper and putting the altoms on here. I guess you didn't hear about that last week, huh? No. The middle of Georgia show all of a sudden on these screaming and yelling, and of course, Lenny can't hear it because he's got the popular guy. You don't want to hear George, because we're not talking about sports. So we said that we got the popular guy down and you mean, Lenny punches up a phone call? I'm telling you, man, you're produce you there. Clarence, he has run in some kind of a tight ship. Remember the kind of ship honkery boggard ran in a keen on muting, remember that? The key. The only difference is at least how pretty boggard had balls, okay? The neighbors still lost. They may have been still, once the least he had some stones. This guy, oh my god, talk about our old smoothie. Clarence. So some good movies while I was on vacation. What'd you say? Maybe you've seen some of these. Let's see, I got it. I haven't seen anything this in the theaters right now. No, no, I'm not. No, these are not real. The dreamers were not a burluchy. Yeah, you see that? I have. A lot of new people you have have not. Oh, the forgotten with Julianne Moore. Yeah, very strange. But good, she's great. And although the only thing I don't like about them is the DVD, it's got two versions of the ending. Yeah, I don't like that. I hate that. That seems to be the new deal. I was, you know, if you didn't like the first ending, here's another one on there and see if you like this one. Yeah, that's kind of stupid. I do that. And then also the Cohen brothers, Joel and Marty Cohen. Yep. The man who wasn't there with the Billy Bob Thorton Francis McDermott and James Gandalfini, which is a black and white noir film. All the George said it was too slow for him. It's a great movie. I don't care what George says. It's great. You see it? I did see that. Did you like it? I did, yeah. Oh, it was a little slow on granted that. But it was supposed to be slow because the character the barber that he played, that was just his nature. He was slow and Francis McDermott, who's great. He was very slow. Those are great actors. Oh, yeah. James Gandalfini. He was actually. What? She was pretty fast, actually. No, and he said they hadn't done the sex act in years. What he said. Remember that at the end there? That's what was pregnant? I have it. Yeah. But I've had all these in. Well, that's because you married. And they were married too. So it gets to make sense. And most of the people doing a lot of the sex actor, the ones who aren't married, the ones who are married, well, maybe in the beginning there was a lot of it and now they're making up for it. Anyway, those are two were pretty good movies. I just mentioned that in passing. You already saw the man who wasn't there. I'll get the other two. Yeah. The dreamers lot of nudity in there. Eva Green, if you're like Eva Green. I don't know. I like her. Let's go through with my brand-new man. He's not related to Brad Pitt. Man, he is gross. But in a movie, I'd say a makeup does wonders. You know, maybe that's what we need. His little makeup. Nah. I don't think they made enough makeup to make us look as an help me. No. Now, when you're doing those horse-wraists, things do they like, Schmerieu with makeup? It depends. If I'm in a studio, they do. Yeah. But now when you're outside. Not when I'm outside. They like you to freeze your ass off outside to get the redness, their rudeness and your cheeks, you know? Right. But it's supposed to be the cheeks and your face. Right. But if it's cold enough, I guess you can't help it. It wasn't bad at all, one last week. So you're at another one? A week ago. Just a week ago Saturday. Yeah. Had the Arkansas at Derby. Wait a minute. Well, what's cool? It must be something going on this week. Because they see on Friday again. I'm looking at this schedule. I want to scream. Dalton, Dalton, it's the draft this week and it's used me. I have a, actually, I'm doing the Derby preview show on Friday. How about you? The Derby is a week from Saturday. Actually, it is. Because it's the first Saturday in May. Right. Good Derby. We're Friday. We're going to be talking to Dave Johnson. That's correct. Good. God, you know how many years we've been doing those things on the phone? Not third man. Yeah. At least 20 anyway. I remember one time we put Chelsea candy on. She's a nice lady. She's not working anymore, though. She. Not she retired. Now, did she, her husband, Joe candy was a trainer, right? I don't want to start with horse racing, huh? Her ex husband. Yes. Yeah. That's always going to say they got divorce. I probably should have mentioned. Well, there's a lot of that going around. Divorce. She's very nice. Chelsea candy. She's nice. She's good. So now we go on next Friday. Well, you're entitled. Why the whole lot? Screw them man. Screw them. Take that money to the bank and just have a great time with it. And you know, sir, this is your wife. I'm serious. Enjoy every penny of an ice-years, L.M. I got a whole brand new attitude man. Screw them. They suck. I guess what will be was on yesterday's because of the beesleys on my cable. Like any idea? Yeah. Yeah. That was on again. I didn't watch it again. I've seen it 50 times. I haven't seen that one before. I've seen it. I've seen it. I haven't seen that movie in a long time. Well, watch it again. We'll make you think of him. Yeah. Going over the fall. Enjoy every dime. Once we are already past the first breaks and have a great day. You too. Don't lose the muxons to start a week now. And be sure and catch two to four the captain. I hear what's going to be simulating. I've heard all the other of them tomorrow. Like I said, enjoy this afternoon. See you too. I'm going to be surprised on the previous programs. I know that the hosts, guests, and collars. And you're not going to find those that the beesleys grind. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going to have no. I ain't gonna see. Sure. I don't care who you are. You're fair. You're always gay. Why? And you're gay. Just do your good boys. Ever leaning on a heart. A piece of beat in a strip of gotten trouble with a doll. Now they wish they were found. All right. Watch and occur. I enter hills. Who prove they're innocent. Now where the lawyers probably will. They can never be. To the court room now. They can't live on more form than the campus who love this. Well, just to young youth boys. We can go. From the jubler cross team. Make sure they got out of hand. Now all over the land they got their fruits on TV. What are you going to do about it? Ten 16 at five, 60, WCQ. I'm happy Monday for 24. George did a fabulous job last night. I didn't hear one minute of it, but I just wanted to say that. Even if you didn't screw them. That's my new philosophy man. No, no, seriously. I held it. Just give me the money and everything else get out of my face. That's all. Just step aside. No more BS. No more songs in advance. No more L.E. males. Oh, Joyce is a screwdriver. So, okay, screw her to. Screw the Beasley. Screw Joe Bell. Screw a Chris, whatever his name is, shorts. Man, I'll man talk about a hay seed. Good God. Is he smoke a corn cob pipe? I don't know if he's smoking it. No, he's smoking something. Ten, I'll take the Joe Bell must be smoking something. We're very interested in extending meals contract. Yeah, extend this. Okay, you a crazy person or what? I'm so looking. I said a 30 years to unlock a hundred. You know, being a guy can fuck so crazy. Gasoline prices were expected to just read all of the down by the start of the summer. But guess what? They're close to that or even higher in the area. Right now. The prices won't come down. Looks like it's going to be four hours this summer, maybe. I don't know. So, they're summer. Fizzing summer driving season. No cheap gas. Oh, wow. You're taking a road trip to an SUV. It's going to be an expensive proposition. I'm saying going for the big side. I strongly agree. You think that's a little too tall? You think how high was he making? Dramaticly hired. I thought it was a tremendous goal. It's fire deep, bro. Oh, oh, it's driving. Traffic traffic. You call us and you call us and you call us. You know what traffic? Oh, it's traffic. Just a little traffic. You know what? Well, what's up my table now? Because of the people in the sofa. I don't like them so. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they did ask without even reading it. You sit down, my son. We don't read most of the bills. Do you really know what that would entail? Hey John, how's your delivery? It made come up. They've actually done news that we've passed. Oh. Well, the good thing it was slowed on the legislative process. I couldn't believe that virtually no member of Congress had read the Patriot Act before voting on it. So I decided the only patriotic thing to do was for me to read it to them. Remember the Congress that the Bible are. I was like the read to the U.S. They're the Patriot Act. Don't you think that would be a pubic service just to play the audio from Furnile and I'm living a whole rest of the show and that would be. Wouldn't it be easy? We don't have to be a commercial breaks. We don't have to find just the appropriate spots to come out of it. Yeah, that is okay. That would be your threshold you like. I'm on a order for this. We all know you can't secure the homeland on an empty stomach. In order to remain secure, everyone needs to sacrifice. Especially little Patrick Hamilton. I'm sure each of us has our own personal airport security horror story. I can't look like a terrorist to me. He's about six months old. 24 after 10 at 5. 60WQ. I'm happy money between. Here's the sad schedule. Here's the sad news. Well, he's part of it. Really sad. I can make you cry and be shy. Gally again to the four. I guarantee. I bet you're a life on it that he and the Robert Greeper found those naked pictures. In Greg's orifice or took the ruins. No, I'm the Greg and the Abesies in the Villa Go. Remember that party with screw-in? Yeah, I saw that movie. Is the pivot man? Y'all need to be able to get a lot of guilty man. How does Panther and Leaf play off coming, aren't they? Mad Dog at the AAA macarina. Forty-six, thirty. And then you've got the Marlon's undecged where they offer it for men to stir or what? What is it? Five and eleven Josh? Yeah, and the bottom of the division has expected that is correct. Which means they're winning a little less than a third of their games. So I'm thinking maybe 53 sounds like 53 wins, which means 100 nine of the feeds. Oh, Marlon's undecged. Six, three. Anybody want to be a spots in a Marlon game? Yeah. Anybody like to broadcast a Marlon game is to get that Albatross off from around our neck. No. Marlon's at the Cubs that really feels 705 and it can't. And what I shame it is that they put those lights in several years who are really field. I remember the first night game. And practically got rained out. And then they had to do it again the next night. I see that. But they didn't have lights that really feel they'd have to be playing a day game today. We'd probably get out of here a little bit early, but we got away to Wednesday for that. 145 on Wednesday, market down. All you lawyer, listeners. Got a nice pass here from Jim and South-Hanton, England. Can you believe that? Yeah, I got one from him last week. Woo! Hey Jim, you bloody maniac. What's going, lady? Better bait. He calls it a play the Oprah episode on South Park. No, we don't want to get into that. Okay, they got the E word in there and the E word in the y'all. Oh no. Let's start that one. I'm on here. You do that on your time. I don't want to get a job on it. I don't want to get a job on it. I don't want to get a job on it. First day back. Hey, a job. That's a little raspberry for you, honey. If I sound like I got a whole different attitude, believe you me. Remember that brand new key by Melanie? Oh yeah. I got one. What's that other song? I mean we added two. What is that? Some stupid design. The pointer says there's a reath of Franklin or what are those? Yeah. Somebody that I could have. What's the pointer? She just died one of the pointer says she was last week. Why you around vacation? June, year. Soon we might be out of pointer in the right direction now. Like up instead of down. A pointer right up to the sky. They're up there and have a now looking down. Why do people say such crap? Doesn't that aggravate you? Yeah, but they're weird. You can't use to it after a while, but still a little bit aggravating. Oh, he's up there now watching. Are you? And then I don't know if he's up there watching anybody. Okay. When you're dead, you win a box. You got no eyes to watch anybody. You got no heart. You got no brain. Everybody, even Louis Armstrong, who that song. I ain't got no body. And why do you always have that hanky to let the first Perspiration from his forehead? Because he's sweat a lot. Mm-hmm. Very perspiration on your part. Very thousand, thirty. Perspiration on your pull from a Friday. I like this pull. What's with the side of the police car? We'd be say, I voted for the one that won is usual. The masculine harass. 227. Oh, I know what I'm looking for. What a memory. I'll find it just second. For ass. Can we say that? You've got a job choice. Pass. Six you, little Radnan. Heraznan. Heraznan. Latin meat. 227 votes for that. To serve and protect 187. To meet my quote at 170. To never be around when you need 146. We're talking about the police. Oh, oh. We are gods, 116. To cover my ass. Black dome, 59. As in heraznan. To piss you off at the eight. To eat more donuts, 44. And to profile more my, my, no worries. 31. There you go. We love them, police. 28. Pass. 10. At five. 60. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 30. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 30. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 40. 30. 30. 30. 20. 30. 20. doing for years and all the smart QMers are doing called the number one choice in betting. The easiest as smart as piece of shopping you could ever do just make that one easy call for dial-makers. 1-800-MATTR-ES leave off the last ask because it stands for stupid. That's me. This is Neil Roger. What's solid? This is 5-16-K. A-10. Often it's in Don Russell. I hear the voices, but I'm the decides. What is best and what best is for Don Russell for a name as the secretary of defense? Mommy, stay in here. I'm not going to dump him. I don't hear what anyone says. I ain't going to bump him. You want me to act and for screwing up my rack. But I'm going to keep him. For staying in a matrach. I know I've kept Janik who shoots his own buddies. I know that New Orleans is still free money. You say I'm a moron or a free Madonna. But I'm the commander. I do what I want. I'm the decideer. I don't have to face straight. I don't care to say you're not going to stop me. I don't have to decide. There's time to keep it from me. I will decide and keep on dividing. The mind's a final decision. And Don Russell is doing a fine job. Just like Brownie Brown, man. Do a heck of a job. 500-6 votes on the full. I think there's something wrong with our website. I'm feeling frozen. I'm going to walk by like this. I think there's a wrong one to the website. No, I was wondering what that was. I know it was from Fernite and I'm 11. You're making sure they killed all these people in the family. And they're all civilians. I don't understand why they're not bringing candy and flowers to the troops. They should never attack this. Oh there we go. I think this thing is stuck in 5-6. I'm sure of it. This happened just before I went out vacation. It's like everything else. I think it's symbolic. I think it's an oldman. His Gregory Peck would say. Pick an upper right where we left off. Nothing has changed. Yeah, there's one. I still have 506. Right. It's been on 506 for like 20 minutes now, which I don't think is possible. But that what do I know, Eric? He's looking at it. Huh? He's looking at it. Which of these are about least NHL playoffs 153. See how there could be a hockey team in South Florida. I've been seeing this for years. It's idiotic. Oh there's. There's Britain. He says we have a chance. Grab the mirrors. It's not alone. The majority of the American people trusted the president. And why shouldn't they? He had spent the better part of the last year giving them every reason why we should invade Iraq. Saddam Hussein has gone to elaborate links, spending normal sums, taking great risks to build and keep weapons of national destruction. Saddam Hussein is determined to get his hands on a nuclear bomb. Nuclear weapon, nuclear weapon, nuclear weapon, active chemical munitions, bunkers, mobile production facilities. We know he's got chemical weapons. You know, here are all these people dying. And none of these people are in prison. I don't understand right. It's just making any sense to me. And why the American public, of course, they got bigger things to worry about. Like a 65, 70 bucks to fill up their tank with gas. And thank you very much Mr. President and I first day back from vacation. I don't want to forget it. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. Thank you so much. They went right over there to Iraq and hooked up the queue. Right. Five or six, this thing is screwed up. Okay. He's fixing it. Well, I'm fix it, Eric. Come on. Get with it. Yes, I don't go for this. You know, you come back from vacation. I had a great time. I'm feeling pretty good. I'm going to good mood. I want some money. And everything is the same as it was before. As Elvis would say, all F stuff. I don't think we can play that bit anymore. Can't we do this? Can we play that one? No. No. Which of these? We can't play anything. No. Although we will be playing prison bridge several times today. Which of these do you care about the least? Van H L Playoff's 153. I mean fixed. Thanks, Eric. I'm going to say numbers going to change. You're 523, see? 156 on the NHL. The missing chicken of Ruba 130. But third man. The Marlins 102. Shame on you. We've got a big Marlin games tonight, baby, against the cubs that really feel. The Duke Red Case 55. How come that doesn't have a lot more votes? Does nobody care? No more. Which of these do you care about least? For you to be right up. Way better choices on there. The NFL draft that's just weekend 50. The New Ocinmetate 25. Well, and as it's same old stuff, well, it hasn't been verified yet. And then later when they all guess what it's him. And by the way, they talked about the fact that the audio quality was so much better and has been in the past. He doesn't know. He's clearly got much better equipment now. Certainly got better equipment than we got a QAM. That's for damn sure. And doesn't have linear artisan there opening up the... Wouldn't that be something if Osama, they wanted those tapes in the middle of it. You hear linear martes on a phone call? Wouldn't it be a prize me? Expersual winning is only out. That would be. That would be worth hearing. And the price of gas only 5 because everybody's up in arms. Thank you again, Mr. President. For those low gas prices and for sticking it to the public, okay? Okay? There's that Morocco was an occasional good willing coalition. But according to one report, they did offer this in 2000 monkeys to help detonate landmines. There's good. Love them, or rockets man. I'd love to see that just once. What see them? Or monkey, they're getting away with the Netherlands. And they should have known that huge pipe might have got. Come here. Even you never had a bull that size. 535, Osama. We finally got that thing fixed. You see how we have to slap everybody in the side. They had to get this thing going again. What the hell's going on in that place? Man. You've only got three years left in your deal. Those who want to like, we need to go shit. Like, I'll put for another 100 years. No. No. I don't think so, Joe. Go away. And don't email me while I'm in a middle of my vacation, okay? And they're just... What would be the reason? What have they accomplished in the so far? It's almost the first of May. What have been the... what's the track record of this new regime? We got here at QM. What's the accomplishment? What's on their resume so far? Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Yeah. And that was supposed to go on in quite frankly. Still stuck in there between two and four. We still got nothing. We got guilty of the day. We're not sure if we're deciding is a cigarster engine. Wednesday, we got the Marlin Pregame. Thank God for the Marlins on Wednesday. Then Thursday and Friday. We're back to that again. And of course, on Wednesday, after the Marlin Game, it's more of that. Holy, holy, holy Toledo is a retriever would say. Let's bring back Rick Weaver's dead body and prop it up in the chair and there. A guarantee you get a lot higher numbers than the squeaky one, guaranteed. The fans beginning to blew the blow, the... Who the place elections to? I mean, what a way was words he had. Mr. Weaver, don't make mistakes. Three US orders were killed yesterday when their vehicle hit a roadside bond worth West to Baghdad. That brought the number American troops killed in the Iraqi conflict. Iraqi capillary of the weekend to eight. 2391 is the grand total in case you're counting. That means there will be passing the 2400 number this week sometime. Earlier, three explosion just outside the Heidelah Guard of Greens on killed seven Iraqi civilians wounded eight. It's a bloodbath. How's your electricity coming? I got that cranked up with it? No. We get a lot of oil out of there. Oh. But other than that, here's the important stuff, okay? We got a huge pile again. I'm sure you had some really important things you passed along last week. What did you do last week? Nothing. Come on Josh, what did you do last week? What would it say to me? We had all the information that everyone needed. That was a good idea. What was it? We gave it up for us. All the information about one. How did your two last week? Let's hear it. We also did anybody see Mercon Dreams yet with Dreams with a Z. Battle of Iraq, the United States and our allies have prevailed. We sent to the Grisgrove as people were dying every day. Other than that, and the Civil War that's going on, but other than that. Come on, let's find out from you, Vasude's out there. Let's tell what a great job George did last week or not. I understand, I don't know where to handle that. I hear it. What's the only thing about some emails? Did you get emails or a faxes from some hostile fish? Yeah, yeah. What was that about? That's she had a problem with a whole bunch of things that we were doing on that show. What she said? Nobody cares about what you're saying. I was talking some inside crap that we never do here on the show. She didn't like that. That'd be insane. But twice and turn it on. I think these phones are working, are they? 560, but we're best friends now. Count, why is that? I don't know. Count 560 in the Grisgrove and sing it around. Just another one, there's a whiny bitch. You know that hole. I don't think these phones are working either way or off the year. Or possibly, I don't tell them. No, I just did that. I already punched it up. Oh, oh, oh, we do have a problem. Two am. You see, I have a problem. Yes, sir. You asked if anybody is in American dreams with a thing. How was it? Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, don't waste your time. It's the most specific piece of crap I've seen since his heart. Hmm. Oh, it is disgusting. I don't know. The plot paid no sense. Oh, I don't even know. The plot was just a rip job on Bush. And I enjoyed that part. I enjoyed. But the dirt was a humorous moment in the entire film. I'm scratching off my list. Oh, by all, please do, Neil. Beds your money. I'll sort of go back to work by and spend money there. Thanks. And I'll believe me. I'll have no problem. Okay. Thanks. There's a warning. Don't see American dreams and our phones screwed up. Yeah. See the signal here. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, no. Yeah. Yeah. Friday, Hank, was a reading that you were going to be on a 10 o'clock all morning long. And then George showed up at 10. I was wondering, uh, do you cut your vacation short? But again, it was a wrong info. But that's our specialty here at UAS. This is Neil Roger. This is Neil Roger. This is Neil Roger. This is Neil Roger. This is Neil Roger. This is Neil Roger. This is Neil Roger. John. John. John Fiddler and the Booty of the JJohnlight. THE GOD OFray TSoundley JJohn "... Baghda fr appleازiva ... Oh hey little cat's mШ You land kossard branches We're gonna set the stars Well they had a baby We met a story She's a great name, you're all the bandit's at it But they're the baby And I'm a baby Locked the nose, the wind that's so crazy And they made me I'll find me We're gonna set the stars And see you in my dream Bad baby And they made me so happy You're there baby, you're talking more about it How lucky I am I'm happy This is what I'm bringing you I got a lot of money by the time And you see it all four And they had a baby And you know what's bad One of them is catch<|cy|><|cy|>, you might break a nail What are you gonna do about it? You're fairer 1040 and it's 560WDQMR I think is working now I saw a line I'm furthering a couple of times there Did you really? It's flickered, flickered and fritter I can't see it And it's not working again I don't think Oh, it was for a second or two Let's see I must have been a mistake QIM Holders, nobody on that one See I don't like punch up all line lines Oh, I'm not I guess when I wait to do a radio show here W2QIM I do what I surprise You always hit the next button And it will punch up whatever call is ringing Oh, I don't think I ever did that How do I do that? Let's see Hit next and there's something there Or it will go there But it's not Then there's nothing there There's nothing I think I've got to do Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Com 5, 60 And it's rising in singular redness line But we're working on it We're working on it What does that mean? All we got stuff over here Twisting it Why are we hitting the key to working on it Oh, another one Why? You tell me Hey, you weigh in, we can't throw that Do I know? Okay, there's any checker on line nine So what do you mean they're not working? I think you're right I don't think the I think line nine Is the only one that is working Oh, I'm so excited See, see what I mean? Look at that. That's working because it isn't part of those Other ones that are like linked together They're like those progressive machines If they set the casino You know those progressive machines mine? No, I don't Crank line hello Neil Yes Welcome back Thanks Did anybody tell you who was on the area Yesterday morning from 9 to 11 On this station? Uh-huh Oh, I can not can only imagine Not many more tens Uh-huh Evan Cohen Was on this station? On that station Is this Mrs. Jim Marz? I'm serious, Neil Yeah He was asked from the What does that mean? How come nobody told me about it? I don't know I can't believe you haven't heard about it Well, in other words, we hired him or we just wanted to He would say everybody was asked column saying What are you doing on 2am? And he was real vague And he would just change the subject What do you want to talk about? Well, how come if he if we got him working And how come we don't have him from 2 to 4 And from Jim Sarnys? Jim Sarnys said he's like the Resurrection of Christ And it is just after Easter Well, somebody called and mentioned that there was an opening between 2 and 4 And he just changed the subject So maybe there's something going on Well, how come he's not on there today? We don't want no more than spooky up But how do you know how do you know? So if you give me an honest answer, do you want to hear guilty? No Nobody wants to hear guilty We took a poll on that even guilty is Why is the one hear guilty? I want to hear mad dog Well, yeah That's right To this six Starting today Thanks, sweetheart You're the new PD All right, bye bye I did hire that nice lady for PD I just thanks to the weekend schedule to confirm what she has said Evan Cohen is on with us Oh, I've actually Jim Sarnys squeezing himself Man, he's probably Robert has kneecaps together Woo, we Evan Cohen just want to need another Jewish guy That's okay We're going to hold it against you I don't know what he looks like yet Have you met this guy that you know anything about it? Never heard of it Well, yeah, you do He's the guy that Jim Sarnys has been pumping And pumping and pumping, well, he's pretty sore about it You know that's uh, I don't hear that was words It might as well be Chinese What? Well, Josh knows something about it He's like on the fringes that sports crowd on the edges of it No, something about what I just got in the room from getting the house He's talking He's a public co-host You got him trained well Good job Let's see, Sunday April 23 9-11, Evan Cohen And then after 11-1, it's Marty Cohen Oh no 11-1, look who it is 11-1 Just proving that we don't want to like overdo it So he's a long truck problems Yeah, talking hard ball with a crow Oh my god That's seriously, this station is unacceptable and unprofessional Other than that we're dynamite Here's our only line that's working, QAM Oh, and I see that's a big looper there Not even close He's a fake Eddie and a fake babu Babu black guy Well, that's Eddie Still Eddie I'm going to mull confused, we're getting the babu loop guy confused with the guardler 576 votes on the pool We get to that thousand of eggs, see the pole was screwed up The phone is screwed up Lenny Martins is in their last week while George is trying to do a show A screw in that all up Then the crossover with Hank, I can barely hear him He sounds like he's on Pluto, which a guy that big shouldn't be on Pluto He could probably mount that planet he's so big You know what I'm saying? What he said What are they going to get the phone faces? What I'm saying, okay? QAM I see there's somebody on here We have no idea it's not ringing man Can you tell he just placed? Yeah, I believe it I'll ask him to call him I'll ask him you, I know you didn't believe it Hello Hi, yes sir We need a new guy ran before they killed the rest of the Jews We need to 560560 Why? He said The rest of the Jews were all QAMD We're all okay New if you ran before they killed the rest of the Jews The rest of the Jews are in New York and I'm QAMD I forget about those Israelis, okay? As a matter of fact, I'm not going to say it A man A man drove his SUV over a median in the evening Crashly to an elderly woman's apartment this morning I think that's all my God This is according to the Harold so it might be true It's unclear what caused the driver lose control He was born according to Riverity He was from different houses He saw must be older women She developed a car in 1908 I think that's why their house was terrible But I lost control All due to poverty I thought they haduced us in the rest of the studios, they're also not light enough. So, it's... Well, no, it's another QIM problem, maybe they didn't pay their bill again. Or the phone company again. No, it's the driver had severe injuries, was transported to Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood. I think that's where my mother died. I just said that far rescue is trying to remove the SUV, which is lodged in the apartment. Wow. Inspectors have deemed the rest of the apartment complex, say, that's in the Davies. So, settle up your house and forget about driving that SUV. And so, I cheaper to drive your house than pump it up against, right? Pump an ethyl all day. 592 votes under pool, which of these do you care about the least? NHL playoff, what playoff? 170. Missing tick in a room, 156. What's that with your name? Don't tell me. Uh, high name and use. I don't know what it is. I don't want to know. Don't tell me. 156. The Marlins 110. I don't want to hear it. The Duke rape case 62, what's the racial thing? Oh, there's that woman who is like, all gung-ho, you know, that's a slim, slim business shed. So, that out of these are a half a flat. Yeah. And that one, her son died, knew racked in all of a sudden. She wasn't, she had a whole different, out-of-do. Remember that? Uh, her? Duke rape case 62. And if I'll draft 50, it's just we can't. We're going to be covering it with a blanket. Oh, my God. We're going to be all over it. Like stink on Joyce. No Osama tape 30. How many? Oh, you know, you're going to be all over it. Man. And the price against only six because needless to say see you go from the bottom of the top. And that's where they really care about. In other words, they're whipped up. They're pissed off as hell about the price against. And rightfully so. And now your president is talking like a, like he's serious about alternative energy. Oh, yeah, right. Let me tell you right now. Once those grave robbing Saudis get every last nickel, every last penny out of your pocket, then we'll start worrying about the other stuff in about 50 years. Oh, Dave, the cop. I'm going back on vacation. Go do that. Dave, the cops in the speaking of W to the recent rolling stone magazine is a great cover story. Well, run out of history and some across the country, rate president George W Bush. Among the bottom of the country's worst presence, including Harding, Buchanan, Hoover. Is that Papukan and her genes? We posted it, by the way. What? Their story. Rolling stone story. Here's what you're already. You're going to be a son of a smoth thing. Okay, look and go carton. Well, he says, yeah, go far. Okay. Get some of that and do rower. So whatever that is, Andy Stone from what's his name? What's his name? Mark McGuire. Well, Josh ain't going to take because he's eating lunch. He's not talking drugs. Oh, oh, oh, oh. He might be doing somebody. Now, let's see, you know, stuff that all that stuff that went on this morning, which I can't remember what it was. Oh, that's right. Chris Jones came in. The sales manager guy would have had heavy draw. So who's that here is voice? You know, my start thinking about? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'll tell them this voice. I like a bird saying it. It's time like, uh, Ned Bailey up there in the woods. Okay. Sure got a pretty mouth. I don't know, right? So I forgot to make my bacon. Oh, that's my feed. Literally. Intriguitively. And during this break, I'm going to go out and make bacon. So when I'm back in the past. It's way along bit, like prison bitch, you know. I think we have a prison bitch about four times. There's a couple of the hours coming up. This is Neo Rodgers. This is by 16 2 8. This is the Neo Rodgers show. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. Rock solid cause you're going to blow it off the blow. FUCK! Any questions? Reciving, you knew. You knew. And how, death's not possible. People can blame sites. The truth is right in front of you. Go get it. Why isn't Chris? You'll know the truth Jesus was married. No, the had children and no. What did the Vigino? Jesus had their pet. Hold. I'm sorry. What Jesus had their pet to told? I'm sorry. I still don't. It sounded like you said he had a name and was a scouter. Uh huh. The defense he told. You come up to you to seek like a belly. The people must not know. No. He comes to sin. It's still alive. The fictional secret. It's no longer a secret. There's no more. Here is the door. The defense he told. Get a free Jesus bottle head. Voss passed last. Isn't that the moment Leonardo DiCaprio is Jesus? Oh yeah. Leave DiCaprio code. Sounds to me like you're eating. How is one guess what? All right. Like that. I'm going to bacon. Me too. Josh shared his order of bacon for now. Well, he's even bacon right now. And I don't know how to taste. How do you like that? And the post-paste sauce, trade period. But for your arteries. Yeah, for the month after is it really? No. That could have got all your plug-y arteries. We'll find out. You know, we'll find out one day when it dig our ass up. Hmm. This is really good. I'll tell you one thing. We bacon you will die. Right. And if you don't eat bacon, you're still going to die. Right. It's trough. Hmm. That's crates. So, uh, eat it to piss off those Jews that I was talking about. The Orthodox. The real super-fruhme. Uh, the ones that are rocking back and forth. They're dominant over there. They're dominant. Oh, they've. Like a bunch of crazy people. Now that I'm eating, I just can't start a nice job. They've been really rothed by the way. I was really tough to predict. Wasn't it? Yeah. Oh, well. He says, I was booted. Tosh, it's going to cost somebody. Oh, look at her, man. Have you used you to picture that child? They've been really rothed. Yeah. Look like he used to. That's for sure. Ha ha ha. Oh. Looks like an old man with no. He's like a 400 year old man, right? It just got canned. He, I, I, I, I, I, I, I get to this. Where is we going? I'll get to this stream. They're going to go after CBS. Well, CBS is getting sued by everybody. Stearn his to win them and they've really growth his to win them and everybody. Let's do them just for the hell of it. Just on principle, oh, now she's upset this. So mama is. It's a balloon comes quickly. Go into this elevation. In hopes of seeing the following study. Here, she's going to wait and helicopter. So I care. Are you going to see in the work? Is now he's dead honey. Okay. So on your military, Ra Ra's is full by, you know, the beginning of this segment, where he had Michael Moore was talking to. She was going to. Oh, I just like that. Over and over. And now she's going like, oh, I think. Yeah. 16 on the pull. But anything, we make a thousand a day or not. We had a little bit of a, a pole is in a roughness for a while there. You think what you can do it? We could. We're going to go for that thousand a day during the show. Did you do that last week? Did you get all of you going to find the phone? No, I didn't try that. Why not? Why not? And the whole, and the morning, you don't put them on the night before like I do. Right. And you just have like a little advantage. We'll have a couple of problems, but no big thing. You why? We had a couple of problems getting on at all by the time the show started. But that's all right. We got over it. Problems like, well, technical problems and this station, no, with the website. You must be hallucinating. Well, we had that the last day I was on. And we could go Friday. And notice something we just stuck there and stuck there. And so I just like, I wasn't going to day. Probably Barric is using that money I sent him for the ban with. He's using that for food instead of pay the ban with. No. Well, this is this bacon is good. The microwave bacon? Yeah. I'm going to have a perfect batch of microwave bacon over my vacation. He's the whole role of paper towels to stop up the grease. It came up perfectly. So what happened in North Carolina? Did you go up there and you never did? I never did go. I got a whole junior who started. Well, not going to be in North again in touch with Norma then. He was just dying to get in touch you. No one made any attempt to call me or email me or you. Well, he must be a liar. Then Norma can't must be lying. No one rang my home number, cell number, or emails. I get all that email on my phone anyway. So maybe you're just not as type. I'm sure you're not. Oh, I'm good. Ha ha ha. That's it. Come on. Let's find out how George did last week. Can I have that movie as if this phone works. But I doubt him. Is this going to go on all day tonight? I don't know. They're talking to the phone company. It's getting out of here. Don't company my ass. Oh, my hang show. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. How about a hang show? Was hang taking calls? Yes, can be. Well, let's find out. Let's get a hold of the beast or somebody. Grab a hold of the beast like they did with Ned Baby. And all the runs. I'm painting. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm about to just people on here. You. No, no, no, no. Next. Next. That next doesn't work. We'll hang up on that guy first. No, no. Next. Yeah. That's doing it. That means there. Nobody. There they go. They have to go up the big. Uh huh. Why? I don't know. It was. It was him. I know it was one of the nut jobs. By the way, what do you say? What do you say? He faded out before you get here. Oh, oh, he faded out real fast. John's got his hand out of again. He's twisting it. WQAM's tummy checker line. Hello. Not there. See, I can't do four hours like this. Pushing up all the ones to find out if anybody's on there or not. Do it would make sale. I beg your pardon. They're not lighting up anywhere in the building. The talk lines. That is. Yeah, but what about this morning when Hank was on that was that was my question. Shall I ask it again? Really? I don't have a minute. Yeah. Clearly. Somebody would come in here and answer the question if they were listening to the show. But they're not. They got the pop turned out and they're probably on the phone and the other room. Let's hear how that sounds on the bedline. There it is. You think that you want to understand if God dragged? No, yeah. Do you want to extend your finger? I've already done that. I'm both hands. No, I should have charged Joe. What a clown. Maybe I told you to clear a bell that says name. He's a clown. Got a manager. He's not a doer. He's not a, uh, have you stopped dumb guy? He's a clown guy. Bill would make sale of sex toys illegal in South Carolina. Oh, good. That's where all those privacy and a glam want to go away. I make an E. Christian state. I want to make it a new colony. And we certainly know that good Christians don't use sex toys. Oh, disgusting. Lucy's love shop in Columbia, South Carolina employee. Juan de Gillespie, since he was flabbergasted. Flabbergasted. Oh, my God. That South Carolina's legislation is considering outlying sex toys. But banning the sale of sex toys is actually quite common in some southern states. Oh, it's the girl's South man. You see, it's because they fought the civil war that changed something. You'll be dream and baby. You're in a dream world. The South Carolina built, opposed by Republican, of course, representative Ralph Damonport would make it a felony to sell the by a felony. To sell devices used primarily for sexual stimulation and allow law enforcement to see sex toys from rated businesses. Well, let me ask you this. They're going to go to the supermarkets in South Carolina and outlaw the sale of cucumbers. They might end together. And what else carrots? Carrots? Oh, John's. Oh, John's. Oh, you can. Grimes with weenie and teeny bikini. Who did that song? Brian Holland. Space team. Space team. How? It's the yellow, what teeny, uh, pulpitab bikini. Brian Holland. I think he was kind of cute, but I forget. Oh, speaking of cute. So there's another. I don't know. Listen to me. Yeah, I'm sure you never saw this because it's much too. Yeah, the whole premise of it. But, but still, I think you might like it. The 24th day. Okay. But, I don't even Google it. I'll tell you who's in it. Tell us a boot it. No, I really, they're basically the whole movie is two guys. And one of them could be the ugly one. Uh, picks up the other guy in a gay bar and take some home. And then holds him hostage and come to find out that five years previous the, uh, the kidnapper who was married, uh, had done the same thing. And they're gone home with a same guy. And then obviously, it made a bad mistake. And Con, I can't, I believe that he contracted the HIV from this guy. And then gave it to his wife who got so distressed and depressed that he ran a light in the car when she found out her text results and got killed. If I were missed, I am. Wow. So he ties this guy up and he's got all the chains in a whole deal. How 24th day. Wow. What the hell is that? Oh, there it is. 24th day. One moment please. The empsed in Joshua and like it, it would be embarrassed to watch it. Well, no, there's no sex in it. James Marzden is dead. He's the good looking guy. I mean real good. And then the Scott Speedman is Tom. They got the kidnaps him. And he just got, and then of course, Dan has a little bit of an accident because he's got him like sitting on a chair and he's actually feeding him and he's like an accident in his pants. You know, he's going to hold it no more money. You know, when you're going to hold somebody high, did you have to make, you know, right now for bathroom break or stuff like that. Nature doesn't just stop because you got somebody held hostage. Right. And then the end of the game is really bizarre because in the beginning when he ties this guy, all up he takes the bloody has a syringe and he draws his blood and he goes to a nurse friend of his and has the blood has didn't the end of course comes back positive. And the guy is the kid is insisting on all about and like that. I think you'd enjoy because if the whole movie is basically with two characters or some other people right. But a little on you know who I was looking at. I give up. Oh damn, just second let me tell you. Oh, that guy. No, no, so fear of her garra. Really? Yeah. Not a big part. Yeah, no. I think I would like it. No, seriously. It's pretty intriguing. Pretty interesting. But getting back to South Carolina in those sex toys. This would be the most terrible thing in the world said, Mr. Gillespie and employee at the Anderson Shop. That's just clever guest. And we were supposed to be in a free country since when honey and we're supposed to be adults who can decide what we want to do. And don't want to do the privacy around home as well. When did that start? Mr. Mimmo. That's right. Ms. Gillespie for the nonsense he's worked in the store for nearly 20 years and the same people from every walk of life including every Sunday church goes. People who go every single Sunday, they go right from church to the adults to toy shop. I know of multiple marriages that sex toys have sold because some people need that. Do you understand that sentence? Yes. Multiple marriages that sex toys have sold? Oh no, that's a grammatically. The people are writing us, they don't know about the industry so hard. I probably had home buying it. Sex toys and abilities on the internet. It's ridiculous, she says. The measure with that sex toys and the state of sendy laws, which already pivoted to dissemination advertisement of obscene materials like zucchinis. People convicted under obscenity laws face up to five years in prison and $10,000 fine. And certainly ask your Myers not welcome in South Carolina. South Carolina law borrows from a 1973 US Supreme Court ruling to define obscene is something. Oh yeah, we sure know this in this business. Contemporary lacking contemporary community standards determined is patley offensive sexual conduct, which lacks a serious literary artistic political scientific value. Contemporary community standards, which of course almost always decided, is especially in South Florida about one person. Sugar advice manager Pat Irons says a proposal that law the sale of sex toys in South Carolina is outrageous. While that report's proposal is probably aimed at shutting down ex-rated adult voice stories, Ms. Irons said it hurts customers of couples are re-enacted to such as a West Columbia shop, which shows everything from lingerie-rated bridal shower novelties to emotions. Probably the kind of emotion that very bonds used on his back dome. Is this merit? Even though there was nothing bad in it. You finally hit his first home part of the season because he's not doing em-roids now, so he's not hitting too well. Yeah, just wait. Now I'm waiting. I'm waiting for the askeder list to go next to everything that he ever did. At sure, we're inspired sex toys that have displayed in the suffered room. Byers include men and women who need a little help because surgery or medical problems are affecting their marriage. Ms. Irons said they need a little help from their friends. We've been selling these sex toys for 27 years, you said, Friday, even pastures shop in here. They send couples in here they counsel from marriage problems. It's probably going to hit people like that harder than people realize. It's going to hit them really hard. You don't have to have problems to have fun with toys, you know. A townville sex shop owner, question the proposals the guilty. I don't think that would be fair to John Terrazakis, honor of paradise in townville, South Carolina. It's depriving people of their freedom of choice. I don't think the customers would appreciate it very much. Reverend Davenportus from a Spartan work counter didn't return. So I'll message his Friday to talk about his bill. Reverend Davenport. Uh-huh. See, it's just that Republican representative Ralph Demer. Now he's a, oh no, that's not Reverend. I'm sorry, we're busy. No other legislative, I guess I just read that into it. No other legislature has yet to sign on as a co-sponsor. It's pasted this year seemed unlikely. Kind of like QAM success. Unlikely. I guess those are. So haven't colonized on it. Anybody come in and tell you about that? How come Clareston tells about that? Because I said nothing has changed and no, not yet. Not yet. I said, I'm already paid. Uh-huh. We got to get a hitman baby. I will contribute very lightly as you know. I made some serious bucks in our falls view last week or yesterday. In fact, we do this weekend. It's three thousand twice in the same machine. I had a good machine, man. And then I saw I had 500 down a Sunday morning on another machine on the line. And as soon as he left it, I was just saying they're salivating waiting. And I rushed over there. I put in a 50 in the within two minutes. I hit 1500 on the line on that machine. How do you like that? All right, I like it. I like it. I would have liked it. So I'd be more than willing. You got Robert Greeper and Clarence. Let's make a package deal. Two binary in around. He's that package deals, remember? Yeah. Those were the days, man. It was a real radio. I said, one thing. We sure we had problems. There's no places perfect. But that was similar to where we already were station and I OD. This is like, what it is is unacceptable. The hydro has that new contract extension coming. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. How's it coming, Clarence? You clown? It's 11.15 already. We're getting way past the break. What's better than staying cool uncomfortable all summer long? I believe me, if you're in South Florida right now. And most of you are, you know, summers already really started. How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner? The five star audition to be carry on friendly system. And the make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce, air and heat. But if it's taking care of track County area families for three, count them. Three generations. As a carrier, in fact, we authorized due to Royce guarantees you 100% satisfaction. And their guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning in the first place. And now incredibly carry infinity system. This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check that adjusted self for maximum efficiency and speaking of maintaining maximum efficiency. If you wonder that in your prisoner, can there's going to be drew to join the Royce air and heat comfort club. Here's how it works. If I see you, they inspecting tune up your system. You'll enjoy priorities. Same day service. If you ever have a problem and 10% off any needed repairs. All of these things. All of these things. We just 110 bucks a year. So when you choose a two speed and infinity system of pure on or peace of mind with a comfort club either way. Make the Royce choice. Call them toll free. A bunch of their phones work. Call 1-800-377-0075. 1-800-377075 come that old Neil Furnitukau Royce air and heat. This is a new Roger. This is 516-28. Yeah! Go! Good good good day in Japano! Good good good good day in Japano! It's 11-21 a cue. I'm the bacon is really good. I might actually go out and make another batch. Really? 662 votes on the pool. I think this thing is frozen up again. We're having some weird issues. By the way, just a while. I went out and asked some questions. It's going to be great. Yeah. And the phone's working for Hank this morning. All the phones are working for Hank when he was on. Talk in sports. But now that we're on talking anything, but sports all of a sudden. Just coincidentally, and now that I come back from vacation to phoning work, how do you like that? And yes, the concerns for the small. Oh wait. Why? The Evan Cohen will not be doing two to four. What does that mean? Well, I thought I asked what the chances of that were, and apparently there's some. Well, so what is he doing? He just nived well on Sunday morning. What kind of a job is that? Fill in. Part time. I don't know. So it's filling. I don't know. Let me take a look at that schedule. Where did I see it? Oh, this must be it. Oh, no. This is from this past weekend. He's not on this next weekend. Right. That was yesterday, but the lady said. That was yesterday. He was on for like two hours. And we're supposed to get excited about that. Let us know what we have like a week. We'll broadcast your honor. Okay. And the post another one of our squeaky bad voice. Some of the truth on two a. Good. God. Man. 660 V votes. Which of these do you care about the least? The NHL playoffs. 190. How about at least doing? No. Poor Pat Quinn. Man, we'll see him. No, no. Not here anyway. How about the panthers doing? No. Missing chicken at Ruba. 169. Her name is. Sally. Sweet. Sweet. Great. The Marlins. 120. 7. NFL. 268. The Duke. Great. Case. New. Some. 35. 6. 6. People. They don't have a car. Because anybody who has to drive more than five minutes. And then I see the people in Chicago are driving to where? Ham andville are some. Some. Ham and in the. Who? I don't know. They're driving all the way over there to save like 20 cents a gallon. Well, four. Yeah. It's just stupid. They're going to waste more in gas money than. Drive in there than you are in what you're going to save. Just pretty stupid but desperate people are desperate. Desk but measures for desperate times. Just like here at QAM. WQAM. Hello. You'd be going in Canada. You better lower your laws Mr. Cause you sure don't. That's the same little Hispanic mumble. And he and Kali. Yeah. Call it every day last week too. Oh really. I'll be all the other one. Cool. WQAM. Hello. Now he's probably illegal. Let's price that call and get his. Ask to risk. Wouldn't be the first time. WQA. See. I just can't do this for four hours. Pushing up hoping that somebody might be there. Of course my luck he was there. You know. Yeah. Even at line 90 working now. I think he's a pretty easy building. I think that sounds like a winner. I think George is just his mother load. Can't. No. We can't do the phone. And I want to see what's the analysis. If the full works for Hank was on all morning long. And it's not working out. What does that mean? I don't know. It's sabotage. It's not like to make. Leningmark says in there just coincidentally. And I can't hear Hank because Robert we've probably got the pot shop almost off. They're they're dealing with this man. And I think George has got the right idea. Will little right back. How do you like that? Will little right back. And guess what? What are you going to do about it? You fair right. Well said. I couldn't say it better myself. And what better way to start on musical selection? I think he came up with a right idea. Let me find a good jingle. I like this one. One. Bain. Look away. Sounds like a real radio station man. One. Steelable. George George George. Watch solid. Now. Look at you. Just got there today. The world not going. I said it to the wind. Haven't changed much to suit. But then I'll still think that it's as a place. Then we're after the world. I'm going to ask you to get that. That was the extent of the answer you got about Evan Cohen. He's not going to be doing two to four. That we don't think so. Well, what is he going to be doing? That's not what I'm going to say. I'm going to ask you to get that. That's what they're taking on that whole thing. The beast and creeper out there while holding court. The whole thing. They're going to desk it a hallway now. The program director Juniors is at it. Holding each other. Oh, god. Yeah. Anybody seen American dreams? I said it sucked. Well, the dreams would be z. I said a little clip in there. I would tend to agree. It looked really lame to me. Didn't look as interesting as the dreamers. No. It's a very interesting. I mean, is that I didn't see it from the very beginning. So I'm really not sure about the whole plot. How he met them up. He was a student. Yeah, it's a great movie. I have no idea what it's about. Right. I mean, I like naked the three young naked people, including Eva Green and Michael Pitt, who and I movie. He looks really good. I only wish he looked at good in real life. I thought, make a difference. See, I'm gagging. It's not the bacon. It must be just being back on the air. This is a real Roger. I set the list. He's 5. 16. 8. Yes. Sabah when Kaiqi And make me wanna feel concerned I'll say On my spade I just want all my friends to visit me Oh, oh, oh, oh I have no life without my bed You gave me a place You know what I'm thinking of You gave me a place Go away from me and touch your home's bed And I don't wanna understand All I'm asking things they say And I try to complain a very life with me No, no, no, no, no, no I can be with my name, my age and age But there's just me there everyday in time and all time And I'm on spade I'm on my way And I'm on spade I'm on spade There's a pain I'm on spade More and more people here The most music I've ever used to play 50 cents Oh, oh, oh, oh You've carried it But you're a car, they could be blind Pain in the street, gonna be a big mess You've got money on your face You've been doing this place Chewing you, Chand I'm dying over here Oh yeah It's 1133-27, I'll do it a few of them I technically totally, I think we'll be in sabotage So anyway I don't wanna hear it now, after the facts Okay, first before I get to the facts So my yellow sense is being a picture of Evan Cohen Okay He was real, Jimmy, and real ugly Chubby, not that fat, but like, chubby fat-faced, uh, Jimmy, ugly We got enough I would've used already, you're out Evan And what is it? It's bell sound, I mean, it's the phone company, I'm gonna say The phone company is sabotaging me around your show And WQM, I want you to go out with a megaphone Now it's into the entire world This is the second time I think when you are in vacation one day Do we have problem-drasch one day? Yeah, we did No, maybe that was before you run vacation Remember the last time we had this situation? Hey, you? Any given day No, any given day It's, oh no, that was because they hadn't paid the phone bill yet That's right That was another, that was a bee's lead problem Okay, that was, no, yes, something about South or whoever It was running the phone company these days, that was a... Problem Anyway, here's the facts Oh, I bet you are George Waltsundestee, I guess what he did, okay Another one of these inside facts is Uncle, let me get this straight See, this is somebody who thinks they know something but obviously doesn't George has upset because he had the day to guys And the station were listening to us show when the miss had to place But when he asked, we have hack was taken calls on his show George can't answer you because he was listening to hang show I know that George won't send us to you but am I missing something here? Yeah What you're missing is that nobody should have been in the control room Patching around in the first place And opening up a mess and around with stuff while we're on the year Right, I don't expect people to listen Whether they're listening or not is really the issue Okay, audio and an additional which a George and our confedulating From 1830 to morning until 10 o'clock So he's going to have the opportunity to listen to hang show At least that part of it And initially which we all listen to sports shows anyway But that's not a radio person the issue is they didn't have to The audio up in the control room which is the only place that it needs to be up at the door That's exactly right so they could hear what was on the year So they would have known if they were causing some kind of a problem Right, for example having a dial tone on the ear You know I think I want to just leave that on there all right Or punching you off which is what you usually Maybe this could be part of the new QM format I mean they don't seem to be often reluctant to make any kind of changes positive or negative Although that's That's Maybe this part of a new format Any of it gets that dial tone off it No we can't do it just part of the show now Oh That's better I like that Now when does it be recording come on how long it is? Alright let's find out If you like to make a call please say up is that what she says? I want to have a look at the camera I don't know if it's going to go down And infinite Do you think? I got it Wow I got some good music here I would be surprised if somebody's lines are loaded up QM Me, I got a very important question for you Yeah I watched the godfather all weekend And being a very big godfather fan I happened to miss one thing Is Can I have you say? Wait a minute Wait a minute Leave the gun Take the gun How do you do that? How do you have that red? Yeah I need to imagine Me, oh Yeah There's Mary police For a slaughter or apeloni of slaughter Case daughter A slaughter isn't it? Didn't you say Michael had a daughter He didn't have any children by apeloni Yeah She didn't last that long She was around alone She was busy driving Mom they sat at a dooz they She was driving a car in a new nuna bomba They were not in a car Wait you and La bomba would reach the bail And there was a plan And the girl could probably I mean if he didn't even know that He ain't no godfather rest Where Josh courtist watched godfather All three of them all weekend Over and over and over and over again And yeah I gotta tell you I didn't really have I mean I'm not Comparing it to the first two or anything But then that's exactly what I said It's not like the first one I had no problem Well worth watching I agree with that I agree with that And so there was a bad acting And it was a big thing To me that didn't overcome the fact That there was some real good stuff And they were like joy That's a Yeah You won't give I'll take You know that's seen in Lannison He ain't too bad I wonder if the machine's got affected by the Shandler shaking you know Stop thinking about that Well the words they got Yeah they didn't have no slot My sheans I don't think in the Lannison But maybe I guess they did That was a casino I'm not yeah By the way don't Don't never watch them We'll be in Lannison I'll see you in three hours Of the worst guard over the life No I get a bad luck Even the brief glimpse It's Susan Stranden's boo You can't I can't I can't I can't Oh Man we could've used him And he was in the mull on when When the eggs were used in For guilty Right, guilty Well that didn't take long It says rocker turned radio host David Lee Roth Who just turned 147 Who accepted the no wind task of replacing Wading king Howard Stern in January Was bounced from the airways Friday after barely two months on the air New York for the Luffy Boston and for other markets I think they were pigly Wiggly lab laws And I was booted to us and got a cost Somebody Rothson and his line show And intomating his lawyers would go after CBS radio For the full compensation Do from his reported for a million dollar contract Four million bucks for that piece of tirad The timing of the move was interesting It arrived just days before Roth show His first show was first arbitrage numbers Mm-hmm You think the numbers across the street are bad way Through you see these Did they only go to be the only numbers in the book They got like a minus in front of them CBS radio spokeswoman Shavon Harding said the company would have an announcement soon on its plans She declared any other comment would not say who would replace the former Van Halen from men On the morning drive times of this morning Well somebody would probably know who how would they know I don't know After you go to FMQB Craig about during the break I'll do that maybe an update Roth City was only filled about the Senate Gated Show Demise while writing in a cart of the WFNY FM studios in Manhattan His replacements in a hiring fraught with bizarre subplots Will be shot shots Craig OPU's and Anthony Kumiya Currently available on in the six and a half million listings on XM cell I write it OPEN Anthony Apparently we can talk about it now so much for keeping a lid on this Depersed Friday on the show's website The OPEN Anthony show will be replacing David Lee Roth and several markets on CBS radio free FM stations OPEN Anthony's indicated show was young from first year radio in August 2002 After hearing a lot of account of listeners having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral The company that songs to do always the same limits is hired them back CBS radio Oh, and by the way, you'll be pleased. Oh, yeah Further proof of how strange the OPEN Anthony move is Bill Donahue the tight lip trench teeth the jackass from the Catholic league Who demanded the person to switch a lack of the same pepper scandal It should have stayed in the wishing the pair well Isn't that crazy about the approval of the Catholic league They've made it clear they read the same type of extensive Donna who will produce a guest on the pair's XM show We sure the Catholic league hopes OPEN Anthony have a great one on CBS radio Not incredible. Yeah, it's incredible. In addition to New York, Boston and Philadelphia OPEN Anthony reportedly will air in Pittsburgh, Cleveland, West Palm Beach and Dallas What they're doing is switching to approve an exit Tom Taylor editor of the trade publication inside radio This is a group of the pedigree. I would think the stations involved are very happy about this. OPEN Anthony It also puts the pair in a slot long dominated by Stern who fused it with opening an Anthony figure four years before our leaving for serious And it reverses the trend of satellite looting traditional radio for town It said CBS radio is reaching out to a satellite radio for sending it to programming But it would be pretty good about it. So there you go And it seems to me like to say mold of retreads over and over you see what I'm saying and over again Oprah and Anthony by the way speaking of Oprah. What was that? Oh say New Rogers Excuse me, but I do believe that's a When Verizon I got to fill my S.U.V. Time and time of giving I heard oil, supplies they will to flee When it's another war we now to face Now there's a hunger in the fort escape I know cheap fool for me I'm safe Come on, let's know sooner What we got crazy come on is faster So as triple a day Tell me if any higher If it rises that's the most false to a station Tell me if any higher Go on a drive free of fine Go on Go WQAM And you're going to go Go to the left That thing starts off below you know what? Yes, yes. Can I do that over again? Sorry fair. I'll find it. Why I want to find different jingles Because I like the way that that goes You're going to go You're going to go Because you know it don't have it anyway You want it better? Much better You can lie on the old man's money You can lie It's 1147-13 to Louis Gaudegly We can come to the fort to staff We still don't know who's going to be in there We got the revolving dog from 2 to 4 How long? How many more months can I go on? 3 to 3 Heavy duty man sick So what's the latest with a phone situation? We're in a holding batter You're holding it? You don't know how it is. They reported the problem They're going to get right on it Okay, please sweet What? No no no The kids just check only one. You got to check all nine Okay That's what Robert Creeper said. He put a memo on don't check one. He said check Yeah, it's what he told me 724 votes on the pool Which of these do you care about? Oh and hey Neil, how about extending that contract? Another five or ten minutes Yeah, I think another five or ten minutes beyond right now sounds good to me Which of these do you care about the least 724? We'll make that 1000 the I think Think we're going to do a challenge? Of course You do? I do, I don't know 724 NFL NHL play off's 205 They wouldn't they would know San Jose sharks from Macton-Eye By the way, Neil is Kevin Spacey isn't it Bobby Daring movie? Coins at it What do you mean by that? I don't know. What do you mean by that? No, I'm just a while Macton-Eye was Bobby Daring Oh, he does shark What is that after the Kevin Spacey? I'm just saying that he was in there because he looks like him quite a bit But I don't know, just it's just not the kind of order you'd expect him to play You know it Missing chicken a Rubah 108 he named was a Spacey line rid Natalie Natalie Holloway, there you go How about Joe Holloway? The Great Harness Traitor The Marlins 138 Nobody cares about the Marlins They're five and eleven they think they think real bad David No stadium for youth we need Duke Great K 78 NFL Draft 72 New Osomate tape 37 and it has been verified That's the voice of Osama Yamama who still alive They hit him with no shots and he's still alive And the oppressor gas solument they say still sitting there at six Cause what kind of it retard wouldn't be whipped up to a frenzy So obviously if you go for an invite him up They're most whipped up to a frenzy about the price I don't know if that is about six bucks a gallon by November by the time he looks and comes around Order B 6 bucks a gallon by November Other E or maybe not by November But certainly through the O what's this? Or did a group of eight graders into a school's media room shut the curtains And forced them to watch a porn movie Yes porn The latest adornster is really mad about this He promises to sack the educator if he is in D force Students to watch naked actors going at it in the sack Oh there's Mrs. Lumbarge with that right just look on her face I wonder if she and the right shirt going at it in the sack Talk about a sack with toy I guarantee you won't think that'll get a 10 and 7 school Right? Right? You ask that off with iron helps pump up prices Bush shouldn't make a hasty move most experts say Steaming drivers, furious at $3 a gallon gas can direct at least part of the rangrinality Row between the US and Iran as fast as I can Which experts agree helps increase prices by frightening investors And there is much anybody can do about it in the short term $72 a barrel the other day Record prices And they said that they actually do have some kind of a A thing with Iran And they cut off the oil supply could go up to like $200 a barrel So that's like triple what it is now so you figure it out Instead of $3 a gallon like nine bucks a gallon So if you have like a 16 gallon tank that's only $144 for a fill up Most of America's options on Iran offer a little promise of lowering prices According to several foreign policy experts and some could push them still higher Oh my god Let's get Jackie Wilson and higher and higher But you got that not too old 50s You're kind of a jacrel How about you don't got it? Wilson Phillips Now you haven't got it I think he was dead by then poor Jackie Wilson He was doing I got it I got it I've actually got it because I know Book of Brian burdened me a disc with all Jackie Wilson stuff it's in my pile here somewhere And since we're no hurry today we can't take any calls because the phones all screwed up I got all the way Joe Jackie Wilson but not higher and higher What do you got? Read the tape I got this I'm gonna tell his name Once you know it he'll get it I never heard of my life It's called night and it's a big hit We never heard it How about this week? You better stop Yeah Maybe these are before your time Follow the road We need to see No I don't know how that is I know that one Let's go Come on I don't hear what I'm saying Well that's great But you know something I think an honor over the gas prices we probably should play higher and higher Oh Where that come from? How do you do that? It's amazing Let me pull it out of my little bag of magic trips Rimes with chicks with Fix Go fast Fix Fix with chicks Oh right Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices And thank you Joe Bell for their fan Past his job he's doing And put in the pieces he had together Okay, let's do another gas prices And I'll see night is on here Which I never heard before No one here again I think I think I've got a bit of a big associated with you You think? I don't get the mouth out But it's not worth it It's something I don't know I don't know about it My heart is fine Only King Grom Oh here is another one He was really good like this Wow Wow Wow This is a sexual response Oh, you all believe what's on this disc This is okay If nothing else this will put you on the floor And if you do anything else with George Oh Oh, the big Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God See, and then Jackie Wilson's case He didn't have to put the black face on like the report Take the back to the place Oh, my God Open the back Open the back Open the back Open the back Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God And how about of course What Jackie Wilson's segment will be complete without And what's going on Oh, my God And speaking of the magic tricks There he is. Oh there it is. That sucks. How do you like that? And it's a body. Another drink sweetheart. He's dead. He was very disengured. I know so. I know some real important craft man. That's why the Bobby Derr was married to Sandwoodie. And a real bad booze problem. I did like one song in his. We go up to花 and sing a music. Then that song of the world that you know... Hear the name of the Dream of the Memories. Drink on the Keep Of The Movie. No To Magic. Homework, Changs' Cause Although Fine's Bad temps Let's Do Girl On No The God Call. That's my favorite Bobby Nurens. So, if I had to see only what I really liked, then he did you like that song? I do like that song, but I like beyond the sea better with all the respect. What went about and what about? I was a lot of people. Then of course there was always another one's that big of a hit. It was pretty good. I like it. I like it. I like it. I think that's pretty good. But it's all about you doing it and you're a patriot. Keep him as my annyo. There is no one to take him in order to win the fight. Chicken. I got a girl at all a queen of the hopper, and all my queens. You're fair. You know what I mean. So good. This is Neil Rogers. For this is 5.62. Jesus. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8L. Unmustakeably. This is television. That's that. So what is the message there? The message is that there are no no. There are things we know that we know. There are no unknowns. That is to say there are things that we now know. We don't know. From the will to ring words. But there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we do not know. We don't know. Roots are sweet. Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth? I'm just talking. Robotic words. This has been a presentation of ABC News. We're hopping the time machine. Oh, right. We'll come along and dream. No. We're going and making from WQA. Right now. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. Nice toy up, Mo. It's a 12-3-5-60 WQA. Our phones screwed up if you want to be a while we're not in a dispersion like a lot of your really interesting calls. Because the phone is still, we got nothing in the air. No. We're going to do it. Hello. See, I'm saying that. I'm punching up the line when I'm saying it because I know there's not going to be a weather. Come on. Let's do a phone check real quick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in a comparison and see if you get a riddle of slime. Nice return here after vacation. It's enough to make me want to go back. As a matter of fact, if we don't make the 1,000 boats on a fully, Yeldy's going to be doing the show all the rest of the week talking about being a total of that. Yeah. And it felt wrapped up with Yeldy two days through Friday from 10 to 4. If we don't make our 1,000 boats, and we only got 7,62. So we got a way to go. 7,63. They're pouring in by the ones, just like the call. It's not bad. WKWA in. QA in. Hello. I haven't seen it working at all. Oh, no. Wouldn't surprise me. I have no idea. We have no way to tell. WKWA in. Oh, how are you doing? You're falling to work now. Yeah. Well, yeah. It doesn't ring though. So you just, you just punch it up, walk around and watch it. Just punch it up and pray for a voice. That's right. Okay. Just want to help you. I'll be fine. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Nice job. Okay. There was a guy lying fine. Wait. It's not lying. Five work that time. This is on run. Acceptable is what it is. Okay, Joel Bell. Well, Leo, we're really interested in extending your contract. I have my footage set it all the way to the tip of your account. Okay. I'm reading my move right on in. What a clown. Clear a bell. WKWA in. Krancline. Hello. He's in early getting a big for radio chats. You know. See, who he is? Well, because the phone screwed up, man, another unusual QM technical problem. Well, it's amazing how I got through the. Hey, welcome back, buddy. Where are you? You're not going to believe this. I'm in bell grade. Oh, my God. No, what do you want to do out there? Okay. Good work, Bell. You got to get out fast. He's in bell grade. Who? Couldn't you tell by the sound of the smell? Mm-hmm. Okay. I'm not going to play this game the rest of the day. You had a good, see? I think with the music thing worked out pretty good for me. Yeah, man. I mean, not all music, then they say, oh, oh, see. They need to play music. They don't pay any of the approach, you know, well, you can't talk to the public when you've got no phone. And I'm not going to sit here read a bunch of bedtime stories all the time. So we've all got zoom in, zoom in, really good ones. So, the FDA says no, no, I'm going to take it to the wall. Put that music in your head. And you're going to get back. And you're going to have one, do it. Five, four, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven. I'm so pissed off, it been a harbour, man, because he is so good in the evening. But he was even, what? Because I was hearing the original the other day. Yeah, and I was heading in line before when you made that out. Now, you said you like farming game better. You made that outrageous declaration that the bed harpers better. Yes. I got a great. Oh, how do you like that? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Boy, there's so much clear. Yeah, oh, no, he's got so much fall here. And more of the day, there's a week, you know, plus you lose. Don't think it out. And by comparison, Martin said, we're going to do that. We've got him. He wasn't playing with the kind of like just a star game. Oh, I mean, like he was family for real. It's pretty much like a star game. Oh! Oh, I didn't think he wanted how one to do. Very bad joke, man. He's gonna get the food. He's gonna die, man. He's gonna die. You know the food. But he's gonna do well enough time. You know I love your food. It took him by the bird, I heard a thing. Oh, right. I mean, he ain't no reinagan, but he's, you know, going to be like, he can't bend Harper's great. And if you haven't seen a movie, and the only thing is his music sucks. Yeah. He's got a lot of him. Harper's CDs after I discovered it and saw this movie. And like you said, his music, and he sings his crap. Yeah. Which is sad. I would pay $1,000 for a CD, Ben Harper, and Jonah Osborne do all the Motown hits. I had paid $1,000 for it. Okay. I would borrow it and make a copy. There you go. I make you a copy for free, because I'm a really wide guy. Real wide. Standing in a shadows of Motown. There's a book for it to watch great documentaries. In fact, didn't that win the documentary? The Oscar in 19 in 2002? Let's say it did. No, I think it did. As the best documentary, it's fabulous. Standing in the shadows of Motown. Of course, if you're one of those punks, you don't know for more. We are now now, uh, Ben Gay, or in the spirit of Ben Gay, I guess I'm on my shoulder. But this you'll find a little bit of music. All right. You know, guys, they do a lot of computer work and they get carpal tunnel syndrome. Right. Because they're like tapping it on watch and having some people whose hands have a radio buttons all day long, too. Right. Well, because I did that heavy duty nag, we're a player in the class, probably too much all weekend, and then we can go this weekend. And for like three or four days there, I had like, we'll bet the collarbone and my right shoulder, and also the right side of my neck. All of that was like real sore. So you think that's what it was? Yeah. Because I got some Ben Gay. And that seemed like it's 99% gone. Just having your armored one position for too long. Does that what it is? Mm-hmm. Well, maybe you can go with that, because I hear his arm is done way up there. So when I'm here, that's the room we're going around town. And then, of course, in Joan Osborn, where she is just, now what did she do? What did you do? What did you do? God, what if God was one of us? What if God's no cannabis? I'd say the one thing, the FDA says, I don't know, the him too. How do you like that? Even if it's for medical purposes, how do you like that guy? What? This isn't the one I want to hear. What is this? That's total. Ha ha ha ha. That's a total mistake, on my part. Here she is. Sorry. Sorry, Joan. And who? That's ours! Oh! Oh! What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What's the other thing? Uh, Save the broken? See, I get iron G-rock and listen to temptation. Red is a favorite weapon, right? It's broken. Wait, no Joan Osborn, do this. I'm so afraid, I'm so afraid. I have visions of humanity. So, do you believe me? I've been there, so many of you, so much I've been there. So many of you, so much I've been there. I've been there, so much I've been there. Oh, I've been there, so much I've been there. Anyway, you're a love that movie if you have a brain standing and you share this in more time. Thanks again, Stads. Thank you for your change in my life. Oh, it's that original debut weapon? Oh, was that right? You're right. He's broken. It's good, it's a great song. How come he's used it so much? Just the same. I don't know, must get from this, he must be the most pumped brothers. 790 votes, we better get to that eat 50 real soon, man. Or it's going to be guilty with a grab top. How are we, send the floor on 2AN? Yeah. No, what's that one? A squawk up? No, that was a shack up. Oh, no. Yeah, I've done that before. But you have 7806 votes. We better get to that 800, like I said, just give us a little cushion here. 797, we're flying a 797. Do you ever fly a 777? No. One time, just this one time I did, I had some kind of a plane. The F, the food and drug administration said, Thursday, well, how come the story is, oh, I see, that it does not, it's CNN's little slow and getting around with the news. Well, it's because this has got nothing to do with those dupe lacrosse players. The F, the A, said, Thursday does not support the use of marijuana for medical purposes. The F, the A, said, in fact, Ricky Williams is pretty upset about that because even the dolphins can't use it. The F, the A, said, and this statement that it, and other agencies with the A, T, T, T, has concluded that, and see, there are sometimes I say things that I think I'm the only person in the world understands what I'm talking about and let Bob is me, what are you talking about? What you got that? They've concluded that no sound scientific studies support medical use of marijuana for treatment in the US. And the US, in other words, if you're like a broad or you like a guy somewhere outside of the US, like Canada, it's okay, it's good for you. But not in the US, say, and the animal or human data support of the safety or efficacy of marijuana for general medical use. Number states have passed legislation on marijuana use for medical purposes, but the F, the A, says, these measures are inconsistent with efforts to ensure that medications undergo the rigorous scientific scrutiny of the F, the approval process, like a Zantak, not Zantak, what is it Zantak, what is it Zantak, what is the other one? That of the V, no, what the V? By Agra, by OX, of V OX. The scrutiny of the F, like the legitimate, for example. The statement contradicts a 99 finding from the Institute of Medicine part of the National Academy of Sciences, which reported that marijuana's active components are potentially effective, including nausea, pain, the accuracy of age wasting other symptoms, and should be tested rigorously in critical clinical or critical trials. Bruce Merkin, director of communications, Florida marijuana policy project, a real potator, sounds like said there's a, if anybody needed proof the F, the A is decontotally politicized, this is it. This is the scientific statement, it's a political statement, he said. He, in his statement, not a statement. Merkin said a rapid congressional opponent of marijuana representative Mark Sudo, Republican of Indiana, asked the F, to make the statement, suit a chairman of the House Government, reformed some committee on drug policy, and said the commotion of medical marijuana is simply a red herring. For the legalization of marijuana for recreational news, he's another one, I'm right-winged with these two issues, and he's probably got 8,000 sex toys in in his closet, okay, and a blow up dollar P.V. Herman, right here in T.A.B. my life on it. That a big vial of crack. Right, and probably 16 bottles of viox on his coffee table. 7.94, we better get to that 800 man, so we can like breathe easy, okay, 7.96, real slow. I'm maybe they want to hear Gelly doing draft talk all week. I'm not joking about that either, or drag talk. Drag talk. 5.6, we would take some calls, but we can't, okay, we're supposed to be a talk radio station, and we can't take any calls, because the first, all of it is now, is this all building wide? I don't know. What about in the main studio? How can it have work in Hank's studio this morning? And now if it's not, is that what you're telling me? That's what they tell me. Who's day, the powers that be? Why? Why, why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Good morning. Good morning. You look fine. Yes. I'm asking you. That's all. You all are in.' Why? You are in the orchard. What about the horn bang? Pat� Rod Stewart. It's not a minor doubt. You're considering a prettier or יכול Pete Stewart. Here that's going wisdom. Rick Wright. But, you're running out. A little corner. He said, do you want to take a Prowrowrow. 1. away. Don't forget dry concepts, fresh lies, and a pulse recleaning, leather cleaning, drape recleaning, or yet a rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, and mattress clean to get rid of those nasty, pesky dust mites and lots more. I've been using them for over 21 years in my home and I guarantee you they'll do a fabulous job, give you a written guaranteed price up front and you'll want to use them over and over again. So don't just tap clean your home to spring called dry concepts today, have your home clean from top to bottom. Always show up on time, always professional, always do a fabulous, and be the Bull job at dry concepts. Come toll free and date right out of the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or on a wicked web at dryconcepts.com. This is New Rogers, what solid is this? Is 5-16-2-8. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Ladies and gentlemen, I could offer only one tip for the future. Backstrange, and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable to my own, me and the re-nixperience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice, crispies, and singing feelings by the Colonel's ghostless Greco and Puff. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much? Rick, a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis. D, annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play GoFetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees. Say the word tittie without smile. Try to figure out who said Paul and sure if it's starring movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appeared for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still leaving Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Karetop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents had wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a thought-costess and toss them on a long store. Go on a car trip without costess and force of the stainless car seat. Try to dribble about costess. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then school that on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine Goldner Pile and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of you in a sense. Understand it. In grace of protected. And it will be so awesome. Take it out for a nice night. Caronov is not the carer. Come while you eat. Act strange and people will leave you alone. You want to be walking to the party. Why do you want to go to a yacht. Your has to do it. It's for long one. Well, you know I was just wondering what were you just wondering. I'm not ready to share which one of the winter was built my lear. Bobby had to feel the wrenches. Brother dragged died from a little in the most problem. Broken. I wonder if he's in rock and roll heaven you think. I saw you. Maybe he's in radio hell. This sound like something from my movie for me. Oh, that's it. I realize it's right in the middle of the lunch hour. Here's a new diet. It'll keep you from eating for our days. Oh yeah. Bobby, you're in your fair. Love a thing. You're right. We might just play music. Let's say it's a whole format. I mean, we can't take calls because the phones all screwed up. I'm not hearing a damn thing about it. Are you here? I'm here. I'm here. I got it. I'm here. Oh, now we're talking. I hear Bobby's on the land. I'm here. I'm the landest wheel and free land. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I remember what Apple Loneys said. On the news, they won't. Okay. Here's the fact that my lady and my me beach. Oh, this is a long and convoluted. The fact that CBS is good. Oh, what can I do this first? Yeah, I better do it. Because now it's official. Big news from FMQB. CBS Radio and XM satellite radio entered into an unprecedented agreement that will mark the return of Opian Anthony. Oh, my God. The CBS radio stations in seven major markets. WFN went on. This is this crash. Me up. Seven major markets in the, waspom beach. West Palm Beach is not a major market. Okay. You idiots at FKMB, whatever you are idiots. WFN, why New York. KLL ey Dallas. WYSP Philadelphia. WBC in Boston. KRKZ in Pittsburgh. WXRK. Cleveland and WPB is not the buzz. I don't know. And West Palm Beach, let's say. I think that's the buzz. Beginning Wednesday, April 26, that's the day after tomorrow. They have to choose the Monday Saturday. One of the terms of the agreement CBS Radio will broadcast the three hours version of the Opian Anthony show featuring Greg Opie Hughes, Anthony Kumiya and Jim Norton. On their stations from a 6 to 9. This is, you better take notes. Okay. On their stations from a 6 to 9. Amit weekday morning, except in Cleveland where the program from 3 to 6. BM. The three hour program will originate from CBS Radio's WFN, why New York Studio. And be soundil cast on XMN on sensitive format while the CBS radio version will be FCC friendly. There will be a lot of f*** goes in there. O1A will then in fact, does it go to put the headphones out again. If you listen to it on Palm Beach, and I say, you better be heard. No. A lot in that show. O1A, Opie, Anthony will then continue to work. Cast from 90 to 11 AM exclusively for XMNs more than 6. And I have been in subscribers, assuming of course that those people are all listening which they're not. Live from their core next to them in New York. Opie and Anthony will have the option to keep their channel live until noon on XMN. Taking a page from the Stearns book like an endurance contest. Anything else, Robin? Previously, the channel automatically covered 11 AM. Not no more. They're going to be on forever till they run out of gas. As part of the deal, O1A will get back all their bits and material from their days. If you want to do any of these things, you can go to the next and material from their days at WNW. Opie and Anthony give the dual broadcast a dry run today, making the announcement at 90. And I'm both the CBS radio outlets and on XM. The show was done from Howard Stern's old studio at WFNY. The first guest to come in and speak with Opie and Anthony was CBS radio chairman and CEO Joel Hollander. When O1A asked for advice from a Hollander as response was, as opposed to Joel Bell who would say, get me oxygen. Also when the studio was XM, EDP, whatever that is, executive vice president program, Eric Logan who told the dual, do the same show you've been doing. How do I cut it in joke, but not on my ear. Logan continued, everybody's talking to me, and this will help you in Anthony your field. Oh, look at his break time already. Well, I don't have any fucking time. I'll get back to that and Andy's facts and the Africanized killer bees are calling software on. That's the reason I played that thing. Killer bees, killer bees. What I'm not going to say is, when I say to the police on that story online, I thought it was a bit. Which is why I pulled it out in a bit too. 29 past new and already my God, we're getting close to the Goody's on. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. The Goody can handle it and then I'll hold out more. Here's a silly question. If you try the pizza and pasta John the Baker's yet, if you have any tasted, all the answers obviously yes, but if not, what are you waiting for? Because John the Baker is the best Italian restaurant to study university draft. And now two great locations for you. The brand new John the Baker in the Sterling Town Center Sterling Road, just vice of Pine Island Cooper City, and the classic John the Baker in Pembroke Pange, just vice of Lemango in the Home Depot Center and Pange of Orbar. The food is absolutely outrageously good. Big, big huge portions of all your favorite home style Italian delight and some of the best pizza you've ever had in your life. Plus with John the Baker's low low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch at dinner and stay well within your budget. Be sure to ask for the Neilville. Please go when you're nice for the Neilville because otherwise, Duff is going to cry like a child. It's a large 69, a 16 inch pizza. I have dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coats, all of these things for only 1475. Take out or die in tonight. For take out in Pembroke Pange, call 954, 434315, or a two percent call 954252091. Pizza pasta, meal chicken, parmesan sausage and pepper's audio favorite subs, and lots more at John the Baker the best in San Florida. need a p song built in Russian. Okay that's alright. Thank you until the final episode. I had lunch at Leonardo, and there was just one proponent to make you feel this for a job. Any Latter just got a hole in that case here. and dumben rubber smins before. You were stuffing your pants with coat. And I have to keep my time of free chewed under the sun. Oh, cooking's compensation on life. Anything you ever seen before. Why me up in that diarrhea? So with a help of three master chefs. I get my fixed from a clean cat. I get the touch of each celebrity has only 50 minutes to prepare a free course, gourmet meal. I'm looking for something in an after dinner. What do you know? It's a dog. You're eating a dog, huh? It's intense. Are they ham and left hands? So let her eat cooking, show dance. So high! Jammer for peace. Oh, right. Where is the bathroom? It's time!. Ok. Let me try this out. I'm gonna do it. Right, right. Keep going. I would say that's one of the most underrated songs of all time. I left me sound like a strange way to put it. It's a great song. I love trains, I love trains, I love them, down the drain, like you weigh them. Hey, how's Thurbel doing? I don't know what a joke. Anyway, here's the Affax Mandy Miami Beach, and we've heard it over in Anthony. The fact that CBS put them into their morning slideshow is just how low broadcast video is sung. Oh, broadcast video. What about they're also on the exam scene? Andy. If you think Gildy doesn't have a voice for radio, here's listen to Ope. I've never heard them. I've never heard them. No, just that one clip that we saw in the news. I don't really know. I don't really know. I don't see it. Even though pathetic is when Ope tries to read a news article, O reading news articles on ear, that's the bad, that's for losers. Here's the reading skills of a ten year old constantly breaking his teeth. Nevertheless, while the show can be contrived at times, it is light years that have a pathetic show like Paul and Ron, which isn't saying much, and I would agree with that. Also nice move by QM putting Haste Update guy for the macaroni this morning is if anyone's going to be there early in the morning more than 12 hours before the game. Me, AAA arena. I looked at the webcam on the hero, and there was also one little tenth on the sidewalk survived surrounded by emptiness. Also it was directly across this reformer, a construction worker fell from the 40th floor of a new building going up last week. Quite benefiting is the extensive death seems to penetrate QAM, permeate and penetrate. I would agree with that. I'm liking smell of all the way up here. Clear channel is Randy Rhodes and WI and Z. Still had we had WI or D. All they need now is to buy you out sign on and forward such as to put everyone on WI or D. To be constant to the greatest radio station of all time, talk about living in the past. They can syndicate across the country and know other talks to you can be able to compete. A program, right? Living in the past. Okay. Okay. Right. Sen. 842 votes on the pole. We're going to get that 1,000 spedow at your sand. Josh, can we get it? I tell you. 842. No swesky. You know, don't ease off now. Keep leaning on it. Remember Bill WIders and lean on me? Right here. Which is no. Which of these do you care about? Least. Bill WIders was like a step away from body goals bro. Very depressing music. Oh god. Music to commit suicide by. There he is. Bill WIders is lean on it. Lean on it. Smack it. Spank it. There we go. We can get rid of it. Snap it inside the hand. That was spicy. It's the ribbonk. The ribbonk. The ribbonk. Well, they did this, so you know. Lead the horse. Club new girl. Never heard of that. I'll wait till the drum machine case. Oh. Even now I'm starting to get light drop in my mouth a little bit. Okay. That's enough. 843 MLD and jump play our stay. Couldn't hear less 242. I wonder if anybody's been playing in it. That would really piss off the audience. Oh, you know something I think they are. They're in commercial break right now. Just wait. The missing chicken or ribbon. Natalie Holloway, 2012. See what a great memory I got. The Marlins 159. In fact, I think more people know their name than anybody who plays for Marlins. Be side Miguel Cabrera and the learning to spell it down for all. No anybody else on the team? No. The Marlins 159. They don't like you. They're David. The Duke Rick case 98. That should have. That should be like way ahead of everything else. Why should we care about that? La Crosse players. Okay. I mean La Crosse players are horny. What's what's the big deal? Where they look. Crosse professors. Probably. NFL draft 77 there. Wipped up on that baby. It's coming up this weekend. Oh, look at this. Right along the board. Watch right in this area. Right in front of the old Nashville predator. Nice. The little project is back. And suddenly this series is starting to eat up. It's in every town. They're listening to everybody go out. And I'll see who's doing this. They're deaf and we see. See. There you go. There she is. Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop. Oh, it's Chris. Help for it again. A Duke Rick case 98. NFL draft 78. The new Osomate. 46. And the price of gas only 10. So many D.S. V.H. And of course, everybody's a pissed off and fired up. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. And thank you Joe Bell for a fantastic studio. Where everything doesn't work. Me. Me is on my back. Man, see? It's a little bit or what? If they cut the phone on, he'll get on there. Or maybe at the window. They're not doing much. I'll say to that. Hi, I'm on the air. Are you just at you? Yeah, no you're not. Oh, that was it. Was that it? I thought that was a lady. Was that a proset? Oh, yeah. How can you tell us? Are you kidding me? Well, yeah, does sound like a lady? No, I'm serious. That was a lady. That was him. Lady Ron. Yeah. Do you look like a lady to me? I could play that. 5.6.7. Now, so we have had no comment. You probably looked out because some people are going to probably call in a rippur and ask you probably know you to a fabulous job last week. That's what Josh said. You said, yours is fantastic job getting me that check when it came in the mail. I did. That's all he cared about. He couldn't care if he just mumbled for four hours. I thought it did. Well, that's so what's different about that. 855. I think we really got to show. We better get to over 900 by the top of the yard. I don't want to like get pushy. I don't want to push it too much. But never. But never. Yeah. Just to be on the safe side. Never count your votes before they hatch before they were in hatch. Grimes with catch. How's Joyce doing by the way? Anybody smell that bitch? I think she's doing what? It's only Monday. I don't know. Making our life miserable. I think she needs to go to prison. That bitch. Yeah. I would agree with that. As a matter of fact, speaking of that, guess if the phone doesn't work tomorrow, guess what I'm going to play for four hours tomorrow. It's a good thing. I love his tap. Yeah. Four hours tomorrow. The phones don't work. You know, sound flow to Spanish for its trade shows is boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, art squares, gore and lots more. If your trade show exhibited the only name you need to know is pub set. pub set creates the absolute top of line of attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays. Call 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 5 right now and pub civil gate is a surface of cest. When it comes to design printing posters, banners and especially trade show displays, pub set has been the very best for 14 years. 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 5 right at on your sleeve for pub set. The first time I've seen five four seven seven two seventy five from design to set up pub set. Can animal all your trade show needs. Rest assured pub set will separate you from the competition. Don't look second right. You're going to get one chance to look great. pub sets the way to do it call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five or go online to pub set s f dot com for top mass design trade show graphics and displays. Pub set is the only way to do it. Look for my big ugly picture under building along the C. I. Just know the commercial column today nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Here the medical agents on work. I've been here for seven years nothing works here. I hate this place nothing works here. Welcome to more. How can I help you today. I'm not spill it. I got all day. I thought I was going to be in the morning. What's going on? What over is that? Did you wait on the radio? Could be. I must have blocked that out. Why? I'm not. What are you doing here? Well you are now. So we're welcome to the Mohawk and David and memory loss center. How can I help you today? I said. What's that you always said that to me? I can't think of that. What? What? What? What? Did you think maybe we're going to jump in sports radio? Let me do so sure. You are here and it's rubbing my legs. Good. Why? Why are you? Wait a minute. What was I going to do? Oh, that reminds me. What? God! God! God! He's a tiger. God! God! What is this? God! God! God! God! God! God! God! Hey, my God! That you kick me! You can't use it! God, know that I deserve you! You can't. Get your hands upstairs. He is, I'll tell you something different. on the side. Some of the discs. Don't say when that happens. I do. Although speaking of the Rolling Snow, where we speak of that just before in David Copspanks, yeah. I don't believe it. Yeah. No touch. Hey Ray, we're show. We're show. We're. Where we big, not singers. We got golden fingers and we're dark. Where we go. We sing about beauty and we sing about you. A $10,000 is a show right. We can call a catapult. A catapult. A catapult. So what does that have to do with here and stone anyway? 1249 a QM. We got guilty of two. It's quite a public demand effect. There are. We're hearing from the QM news department. There are people riding and firm building on a corner of a hundred and second in North West, seven, down. Are they in protest? They're holding a protest signs and off. They're holding a protest sign and off. They're holding a protest sign and off. They're holding a protest sign and off. They're holding a protest sign and off. We can't stop. Here's the fact that it's as Andrew watching 20, 20. Because sometimes they're segment about lies and myths. They must have the segment of the Greg Reed and the Joe Bell segment coming up. One statement was about people complaining about the price of gas going up. And gas prices haven't gone up much and over 20 years. I'm not complaining. Let me explain. Oh, no. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm not comment. I'm not complaining. I don't care. I want to say, you. It's better if you never told me I'm not complaining. I feel like that's the reason. You don't care about women. And don't care about you. Man, they're<|it|>. A lot of people bathe while I do that. I've seen you many times aren't complaining. Hey,வர, what are you gonna say? They're all very excited. I was really mad. All the ladies are up to you. I knew those are all you everointed. How can you... See what I got you intoestion. What were you yelling for? Did you ask to your wife? You only wish you had a corvette schmuck with your souped up all piece of turf or your model tea Probably drives an etsl 800 to votes. We are gonna get that 900 rather top. Yeah, they're gonna make it they're gonna make it tense again. Okay. 82 Now Seriously, I know this may sound like a joke Yeah, knowing where I'm working it probably is but ready But you're already almost want to clock and you tell me that the phone thing is just it's just There it is what it is. There it is Meaning what meaning they you know what happens right they call in a ticket Yeah, and then the phone company Does what they do about tickets Well, how is it that the phone scene where all morning long and all of a sudden a ten o'clock the phone just died? I could do right right from my phone here. I heard I was in a bit It was the end of that two different phone systems first of all as you know or as you may not know What the one in hang studios a different phone system correct? Well, no wait a minute. I think no, all right. No, that's not true because if I I know you you know You know you don't look at this fashion. I only hit a button here tomorrow. Missing people to voice on here It's interpreting what I say by system. Yeah different pieces of equipment Different brand names on the machines same lines, but those are obviously ringing in these art You're not talking not knocking tell us now. Are you? Why not? I'm just I'm just asking I hope you are because they suck see the the ringing line the visual aspect that has to come from a particular signal that these phones Have to pick up and that's what's not translating somehow. We're not getting enough of a signal from Bells I'll for the equipment Oh That was everything I haven't touched my opening still got through that was good. He's got powers W to Q a m Yeah, see now we got no we got emmateries very bad. I hate that's something This is meditating first. I feel called here. Let's see if we get one on we got a round up a Q a m Oh W to Q a m No, I don't think we can get one on now. I'm gonna tell you something if this isn't fixed tomorrow I am playing music all day tomorrow. I'm telling you that right now Cuz we're supposed to be a talk show and I realized that a lot of times I said you're in how about if I didn't have any bedtime stories I mean, I happen to have like a huge pile But you know that that's a little bit too much like work to me For the kind of some change that they're paying me they want to stand as contract man Like I said I got my finger and my foot extended near direction big time Now line nine continues to work and that's because it's the Robert creeper line. Hello You get me left over bacon Yeah, we got some bacon all right for him. Okay, poor he would need schmuck Solid Jewish anyway. Yeah, it's safe. It's safe. You got a burn-in hell, okay? You better map make your Mendeurways with a Lord 891 Top of the hour will have 900 we should be able to slide in here to a thousand or two think easily If not we're just gonna have to preempt the first part of the yelty show to get that thousand votes Speak of you haven't got a prayer when you work on this radio station Fresh from a bruising federal court fight over the teaching of evolution George or March back into the culture war's last week when governor Sunni Purdue Signed a bill lying Bible classes in public high schools And estimated 8% of the nation schools offer some form of Bible study But the Georgia law is the first to set a state of guideline and you mark public dollars for a Bible course Because the good looks says Five of the states are considering similar measures Georgia school board isn't until February 2007 to decide how the course should be taught and forces on both sides of the issue of racing for a messy battle In the past school Bible lessons were informal now two groups with national influence and power Platform backers are offering states comprehensive curricula Last fall the nonprofit Bible literacy project. Is that like oxy moron? Published the Bible and its influences a textbook endorsed by moderate Christian and Jewish groups so far 30 schools are Teaching the pilot program in the group says 800 schools have shown interest Meanwhile the national council for Bible curriculum in public schools backed by a long list of conservative evangelicals including the Umschist Bad Roberts and said his curriculum is already taught in 353 school districts High-ever of Georgia opt-readed programly the first time that a state is officially about today Bible curriculum as the Glacier of America for change okay the purpose of glacier of America is well underway So like I said you better get it right with the lower man you're in deep deep crass The one or we're gonna like joys your ass 1256 at five 60 WM y'all to come up at two we got the mad dog from the triple a today It's the And in the marlin game that marlins at the clubs it really feel to play the clubs You're the watching that game Josh yes, I will mean either oh boy. It's the one to two hour Where George a lot of people want you to get rid of Rumsville, but I'm the designer and I decided to hold it The cider isn't a word you can say the signature maker or I'm the boss with the cider isn't a word So she what Guys What are you talking about You're just making upwards to annoy me Russian bonds. What's wrong with you? The higher the voices you're hearing voices are children Or grown for body parts is hallucinating again Incoherent but I am in What Who is no Anyway, Rick, he can still hit it. Okay, that's all we're pretty much going to be here in four hours tomorrow because this place can't get the phones working in. We were all screwed up. Nobody seems to be like running around like chickens with their head cut off. Are they like nobody cares? I thought we can see from it here though. Anyway, we got three great movies for you. The dreamers. No, that's not a great movie. It's just something alive. He's a green naked. So, even green, very naked for a long period of time. Great. My little's a bit naked. Although he looks good then, will be like I said, the wonders of makeup aren't credible. And I don't know who the kid is at plays or brother pretty ugly. So, we want to see young naked people in the 60th period of student riots and like just hanging out hanging out. There's the dreamers directed by Bernardo Brutalucci. What if he's kind of a valley, Brutinelli? I think? I don't know. I'll ask. We don't go and see. We have one call on that. We actually could take a couple of calls. And here's two really good ones. The forgotten would Julianne Moore. Okay. I need to check that out. It's basically about the bond between a mother and her child. I saw the, I guess, the beginnings of it. But I never, I was going to say. It's a sci-fi thing. Okay. And the DBD includes two versions of it. You got two different endings. And if you don't like the first ending, watch the second one. Okay. I think it all. That's, and maybe the first ending. Kind of like this show today, if you don't like the ending. Let's see, Bruce says I'm sure with Hollywood. They can't come up with a original idea if he rattled their caves and beat them over the head with it. They're actually coming up with a remake of the Poseidon Adventure. I'm sure with them says Bruce. We're a throw-a-dia. By the way, welcome back to the film company, sucks major, Asbeens. He says, Robert Suns, Sizzling, his hasbeens. And then there's Asbeens. I think they're vanilla flavored. And Joyce knows how they both taste. Now the other good movie is anyway, to forgotten with Julianne Moore, who else is in there? Is there anybody in it? I'm trying to think. Oh, Gary Sunis. Okay, he's good. There you go. And the other movie, which I think is sensational and Hank thought was very good. All he was kind of like non-committal. But George thinks it sucks. And that's a cool and brother's film. The man who wasn't there were the fantastic cast, right? Billy Bob Thorne. Great story. Great plot. Francis McDormand and James Gandalfini, who was not a soprano in this one. Great. He's actually very good actor and not just a Guido. He's really a lot of him. And then Chrisie dies. Well, he, yeah, well, I kind of a mess you did. Happened a lot of him. And a lot of him. And a lot of him. And a lot of people die. And then of course in the end, they're, well, I don't want you to say that. Yeah, I don't do it. Okay. What a surprise is in it. But it's very good. Yeah, it's black and white and it's dark and it's white. And it's slow and and Billy Bob Thorne is a barber. And, you know, he. And then the pansy comes to town. And then he's like, right, many business was a good enterprise. Sure, it would affect the pansy. He just still was money in the left town. Yeah. Nice to the pansy. Didn't leave town, but anyway. Nice piece on the pansy too. That, you know, something that was since I think I was taking it myself. Only most piece was in the lead with that thing. I mean, that thing was moving around for sure. So the man who wasn't there and the forgotten. And if you really rotten the dreamers, it's just a, I love Nicky, young people. A lot of flesh. Hmm. And that line nine keeps ringing as the only one. And that couldn't that's always a bad call. Q. I am. To what I mean, as always, the only guy we got on earth, the Eddie, emitator was very keep working on him. And you're so weak. So weak. In fact, maybe you could like make him a copy of the voice mill. Yeah, I believe it's a desk. He's a desk. I'm going. You got to get your, your bubble, bubble, I've got to get those right. You got to work on it. It is the passion that you can feel when it's the real. Yeah, right. This guy is so lame. Very weak. CIA warned Bush of no WMD in Iraq. The Central Intelligence Agency warned US President George W. Bush before the Iraq war. That it had reliable information. The government of Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction. Every Territory, CIA operative has disclosed. But the operative Tyler Drumheller, Snapchat by us officials simply brushed off the warning saying that we're no longer interested in intelligence. That's a policy Twitter back it already been sent. Uh-huh. As if we didn't already know these things. You know, all of this stuff is there's enough evidence to convict a thousand different people here. And it's about a beep, but a beep, but like, well, what are we care? Did a disclosure made an interview with CBS's 60 minutes program due to be broadcast, though. I guess it was on yesterday. That's good. It's a ads to early accusations that the Bush administration used intelligence selectively as it builds case for the March 2003 invasion of Iraq and the toppling of Saddam's regime and the statute. The administration claimed in the run round, but it'd be pretty good. But above, um, an extensive CIA led pro-bundetaken after the US military took control of Iraq failed to turn up any WMD, you know, and Bush is making a joke out of it while all these people's kids and husbands and fathers and brothers and uncles and whatever, and the aunts and the sisters, they're all dead. Almost 2400 by the way, 2391. For those who dare to be great like, what's his name would say with a herlet? What was his name? Bucking Phoenix? No, no, the guy in Orlando, that you don't know who he is. Oh, that guy. There to be great. I don't know who he is. Oh, that guy. There to be great. I don't know who he is. Oh, a cheech man. He's a hair-lown. He's a hair-lown. He's a phoenix and my, a former best friend. Are you picking our river fetus again? No. 999. 909. Is that really his brother? By the way, Michael Pitt is not really the bread pit. Which is kind of interesting because, uh, he's a really ugly man. He isn't just nasty looking. So maybe, maybe like during the filming of that movie, he looked good and then he woke up the next day and he got a case of the other, he's just something that's possible. Maybe that's what it is. They do amazing things with makeup as you know. They really do. Just ask Hayden Christians in Hilltown. Man, that kid's got like, he's got a crater push. He makes Wayne look like an old smoothie. I got these articles. I don't know if I want to read articles. They if I'm, I'm not going to move to do that. Because Doug Thompson's got a good one here. Pretty interesting stuff too. Well, I want to hear it. Oh, how about just wonderful? Is this section the best way to serve one's country? Doug Thompson, capital Hill blue? I know the answer. The handwritten note lay in the bottom door of my old roll top desk when I bought for 50 bucks in a junkster richman for genius 30 years ago. Remember the old roll top desk? Sure. Those are neat. I have a roll top caddy. The only, the only bad thing of those is when it gets stuck. Yeah. You're Doug and Amy at red. Thanks for dinner and for listening. The signature was a buy. I think this is a repeat. I think I read this once before, but it's worth a million. Huh? Tell us a million. The signature was a bold John and the letterhead on the note simply said John Beconnley. It was a date of July 14, 82. I did read this before, but nevertheless it's worth reading again. Ghost is sure you never trust your government. I met your own connie on a TWA flag from Kansas City, Albuquerque earlier that year. The former governor of Texas, the man who took one of the bullets from the assassination and killed President Kennedy, was headed to Santa Fe to buy a house. Yes, I read this not that long ago when I'm going to read again. The meeting wasn't an accident. The flight originated in Washington. I said in the front row of the cabinet coach cabin. During a stop in Kansas City, I saw Connley get on the plane and settle into a first class seats or walk off the plane, upgraded to a first class seat right ahead of the governor. Remember this story? Mm-hmm. I not only wanted to meet the man who was with Kennedy on that day in Dallas in 63, but as the communication director for the Re-lection campaign of Congress in the manual Lou Haunted of New Mexico, I thought he might be willing to help bottom what was the tough campaign. When the plane was in the air, I introduced myself and said I was working on Lou Haunted campaign. Connley's face lit up invited me to move to the NPC next day. How is manuals? Or anything I can do to help me said? By the time we landed in Albuquerque, he kindly had agreed to do a fundraiser for Lou Haunted. Monthly, to reflect into Mexico, where Amy and I picked him up for the fundraiser, afterward we took him to dinner. Connley was both gracious and charming and told us many stories about Texas politics as the evening war on and the multiple bourbon and branch waters took their effect. He started talking about November 22nd, 62 in Dallas. You know, I was one of the ones who advised Kennedy to stay away from Texas Connley, said Lyndon Johnson was being a real a-hole about the whole thing in insistent. Uh-huh. Connley's mood darkened as he talked about Dallas. When the bullet hit him, he said he felt like he'd been kicked in the ribs and couldn't breathe. He spoke kindly to Jackie Kennedy and said he admired both her bravery and composure. I had to ask, did he think Lou Haunted was going to kill Kennedy? Absolutely not, Connley said. I did not for one second believe the conclusions of the war in commission. Absolutely not. So why not speak out? Because I love this country we need to closure at the time. I'll ever speak out publicly about what I believe. We took him back to catch a late flight to Texas. He shook my hand, kissed Amy on the cheek and walked up the ramp to the plane. We saw Connley in his wife a couple more times when the kingdom of Mexico, but he stole this house a few years later as part of a bankruptcy settlement. He died in 1993 and I believe never spoke publicly about how he doubted the findings of the war in commission. Connley's notes serves as yet another reminder that in our democratic republic or what's left of it, few things are seldom as they seem. Like him I never accepted the findings of the war in commission too many illogical conclusions. Connley's death and the doubts that surrounded to this day marked the beginning of the end of American idealism. The cynicism grew with the lines of Vietnam and the senseless deaths of too many thousands of young Americans in a war that never should have been fought. Douts about the integrity of those we elect as early as festers today as this company finds itself and brought another sense of war based on too many lies. Connley felt he served as scrimpy best by concealing his doubts about the war in commission's white wash, but his silence may have contributed to the growing perception that our elected leaders can rewrite his degree to fit their political agendas. Had Connley spoken out as a high ranking political figure with doubts about the official version of what happened, and might have sounded similar to Americans deserve the truth from their government even when that truth hurts. Every that if you always do, and you know what? The words are reading again. Anybody who believes that warrant commission report, all you got like 80 acres of land in the Everglades right there in the middle of a seminal country. Fifteen seven acre. Nine hundred fifteen votes on the pool. I think we've got a legitimate shot. We've got we're going to do it. Nine twenty. They're coming in and chunks. Can you say to me a smell of chunks? Come here and chunks. Probably it's after one or five six. They're coming in chunks because the yelty is sitting by going to come on a two o'clock. They would certainly make me spare me for a lot of chunks. How about different some chunks of rate food in the semifan do? What a segue. Now you know what I'm talking about because not that many weeks ago Josh and George were treated as fantastic char from the melting pot and Friday. We're fine. And Friday too. Again? Yeah. Holy moly. Good stuff. Anyhow, back when I started talking about the melting pot years in years ago, it was very, very simple. I didn't have all that many alternatives. They hit you like you're dessert fondou and then your beef and chicken and that was pretty much it. Now it's a whole different deal. At the melting pot fondou becomes a memorable four course dining experience where you can really dip into something different. Just dip it right in there. Enjoy a variety of unique on phrase special melting pot dipping sauces. Start your dinner with the melting pot's renowned cheese fondou is served with three different breads, granny Smith apples and crisp veggies. Next to choices salads all of the melting pot's homemade dressings. I'm phrasing, including lobster, filet, minion, shrimp, cage and season chicken, pork, pork, pork, or buttermilk, and lots more cooked in oil or broth, whatever you like. And those melting pot dipping sauces absolutely out of this world and for dessert. Oh god. My blood sugar is going up just thinking about it. The chocolate fondou is absolutely the die for. Dip fresh strawberries. Banana is pineapple cheesecake, brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos and graham crackers. And then they also have the white chocolate too. The melting pot in for a lot of dayl cross-fraised coconut, Mami Beach, Cooper City, and Kindle, the melting pot. If you want something different, if you're tired of the same old stuff for lunch or dinner, this is the place you're absolutely going to love. The melting pot dip into something really different. This is a meal Rogers. This is five, sixteen, two, five. My God, you're breath are beautiful. Just too young to both. Ever lean in no harm. I've used a peat in a strip of garden trouble with a doll. Now they wish they were found. Watch and occur. I enter hills. Who proved their innocence? No, where their lawyers probably will. Making their way into the court room now. They can live on more fun than the campus who love this. You're still young to both. From the duplicate scene. Make sure you got out of hand. Now over the land they got their plates on TV. You get a lot of it. If you Rogers on sports home, maybe you'll double you two. Yeah. Who you two? All right. You're amazing. You're amazing. She's all in drug and she's still alive. It's all in drug and she's still alive. She's alive. She ate the only one that did a lot of drugs. I know. On 19 at five, 60 WQ, I'm speaking to a lot of drugs. I've started doing it right now. If you're going to keep the radio wanted to. I've started doing heavy duty. I've started coughing. I'm like crazy. Like Gus on guiding light. But actually was really bad these days. 932 votes on the pool. Which of these do you care about the least? NHL playoffs. Man, that sucks wind in this crowd. I wonder if they still got any of that hockey on from the playoffs. Do you think? What is the world cup history to care about that? How come every time I turn it on, they're in a commercial break. You're lucky. You're lucky. I'm calling for backup. No, no, no, no. Crab alongside. That's kind of a sick ad. 932 votes. NHL playoffs. They care about least 267. Well, that's because the panthers are in it for a change. The missing chicken of urban, Natalie Holloway, 231. Is she kind of strolling Holloway? I think strolling Holloway used to be on life of Riley, with Bill Bendick's and Junior West Morgan. The Amarlan's 171, Duke Waitcase 119, 180 whatever it is. That's, I don't know what anybody's name is, and that's you. No. Well, a lot of those famous lacrosse players, plus FIFRs. Oh, and you can see the view. Oh, did you see the update this other chick? The other stripper who emailed, did you see the email that she sent? No. What can I do to make this? She had some previous deal go on with the law. And so in order to get that like dropped, she'd make she cut a deal with him. So her testimony is totally bogus. And they found an email she sent. What could I say that would possibly, Africa, exactly, how I'm just paraphrasing. I'll cut me a better deal. So then she's there, it's shrieking in here. Oh my god, they're going to go see the Zenia. Right. How do you like that, huh? The Marlins 1171 Duke Waitcase 118, line bitch. The NFL draft 88, new Osomate 51, and the price of gas only 10, because anybody with a brain except for Henry. Here's about that. Well, there's Chris Guffler again. He's so Canadian Chris. It's an actual against San Jose, and the game's long since over 3,000 shirts. 937, I think we got to see 39 minutes. We should be able to do that like fall an awful lot, shouldn't we? You didn't think we'd do it, did you? No, I didn't. I mean, yes I did. I think there's a better chance of us getting a thousand votes in season. I think the course for line 9, it's the Eddie Yagai again. Q, I am not very bad. Now, some of you got a mouthful of something Joyce won't let us see in the year. There are to be a senator. Yeah, you better get with it. I did not play that one already. I wonder play this. Oh, I don't think we can say brown. I don't know where Herman's turmeric's. Mrs. Lovelin, you got a brown daughter. We can't play this anymore. Why is that? Brown her. All brown her. Kind of sounds like something you find in the record. Hey, where did we go? I don't know. That wasn't a talk of that was an ass-up. I think the ass right up into it. Just since, oh, you know what they have at the falls you casino in Niagara Falls? I give up. They have a candy shop, you know what they make there? They make it right before your eyes. But that's it. Can't eat it though, because my, but just looking at it, my blood sugar. Oh, I was zooming up there. I was too sweet, either. It really is. It's certainly sweet, right? All the lights still would look like I had tried somebody. I can't do it. Can't do it, pal. The center of Paris was lucky to be that furiously swarmed around him as he worked in a welling thin field, stung him only a few times and instead zeroed in on the goats and sheep. It was frantically trying to help. One goat and a sheep died in the April 14 attack. Three other separate multiple things and required medical attention. Now the reason to get out of South Florida before it's too late. Killer bees. See, most, most dolphins, so the killer bees was like, Bum-Hauer and better isn't bulk camper and, you know, those are the killer bees. I'm sure Josh remembers that. I do. Do you really? Yeah. By the way, bowl beyond a bar to the floor. We like him a lot. He's incredibly, firmly boring. Almost certainly, I swear, say, peresity animals were attacked by African-Americanized honey bees. Oh, man. What is that all about? Africanized. Hmm. Something a racial thing to me. The Africanized honey bees, defensive and aggressive, had been in Florida since 2002, entering on cargo ships. They started to spread more quickly than summer night or here to stay. They've been found in mailboxes out to equipment and water meters. While their European honey bee relatives look similar, the Africanized honey bees swarms were often fiercely defends the hive. That's what I had in my shoulder. Maybe he had hives. Be heard. I do like, shives in my, um, your hives. It's a tail. It's a shark cream and a shark. I can't tell you the tail is. I'm waiting for those really good potatoes to come out with no carbs. Okay. I do it with a pasta by the way. Almost every day. Dream for you. Oh yeah. Well, what's not to like? It's like a miracle. I had some couple days ago. My sugar actually, I guess I ate it the right time. I should have went down. Huh. Instead of zooming up like regular pasta would have. But you folks just ignore it because, you know, we're probably getting paid off to talk about it. I'm still waiting for the check. Like I do like I do business under new Rogers, right? Some of these people out there. But look, my boop, bubble. I think Eddie's got it right. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. I think Eddie is what South Florida's all about. And I recognize bees perceive any disturbance of their nest is a threat. You know, what they say about the Sturainly Hornets nest. That's what George Warren George Bush about and he would listen. They never do. So they'll trace any animal or first that disturb their home for up to quarter of a mile. Their persistence is legendary. So much so the government brochures with the advisories on African-ized honey bees urge people to run with uppercase letters run like hell and excrement from the country to the safe area. Run like a set of a bitch to a safe place. John Kappenera, chairman of the University of Florida's NMology Department said people should assume they're dealing with an African-ized bee at the insect is acting aggressively. So if an African-ized creature chases you, run like a set of a bitch, especially if it's an ATM. That's it. Most times bees are fairly docile, Kappenera said, African-ized bees if they disturb some out in large numbers on attack like hell. Chances are most chances are, oh, here's Johnny Mathrist, the African Queen's speaking of African-ized. Chances are most alphabetines who live in suburban areas are going to counter-Africanized bees at this point, Kappenera said, but they're spreading over time that replace regular bees and will have to be more careful or outdoor deemings while the killer bees stories have been over-traumatized to risk cost of animal word. And the incident on 40th street near Lake Worth Road, Perez was working on a shelter for the ghost in sheep with his boss who had found an, uh, a gun on an air and when the bee attack occurred, on the fall of Perez during the attack, she told the Perez to run. You know, we'd have been stuck several times that you ran like a, like a banshee. Want to hear a little more of this hockey game? Oh, I thought you were ready to know. I guess I wanted to just more of you. All the scoring's all over. Okay, there's a, I moved 838 to have been slum in the third period and that's the end of the score. I already saw it was boring the first time and it's a lot more boring the second time. Speaking of that, and two, this is Neil and Roger Ackloss. This is 566. All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time. You can't even see the heat. Don't you write them all the bad books? Time to start writing your teeth. It's too much fun of a tattooing and they need a big picture. You in quick way get it over the wall because you've got it. Right now. I died out of it. It's getting into. When nice clothes are packed. How's she doing by the way? I think it was a dog done it. 971 votes man. If you folks keep tapping on it, you're going to wind up with carpal tunnel syndrome, but we will get to our 1000 votes. But what you said, told you there's a better chance to get to a 1000 and the phones will be fixed by two o'clock. Nice going there, Clarence and Joe and engineering and everybody else and the bell south or whatever they're calling themselves this week. 971 votes. And of course everybody should have an opinion on that. So I guess that's how many people we got. 972. They're sliding in by the ones now. Speak at a condolizer, which is why I played that. Secretary say condolizer, right, for she's looking to scan here then usually man. And he looks bad. She leaked National Defense Information away pro is we are lobbyists in the same manner that landed a lower level than a gun official. 12 year prison sentence lobbyist Laura said Friday. Prosecutor is disputed the claim, right. The allegations against rights came as a federal judge, granted they defense request issues and the trial of Stephen Rosen and Keith Weissman. Rosen and Weissman. 2 are former lobbyist with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee who are charged with receiving a disposing national defense information. And by the way, all you as rallies and Palestinians can tell each other already and get it over which sort of rest of us can go on with life. That's not like a plan. Oh, please. That's my roadmap. Defense lawyers are asking the judge to dismiss the charges because among other things they believe was seeks to criminalize the type of back channel exchanges between government officials, lobbyists in the press that are part and parcel of how Washington works. During Friday's hearing, US District Judge T.S. Ellis the Tird, said he's considering dismissing the government's entire case because the law used to prosecute Rosen and Weissman may be unconstitutional, unconstitutional, vague and broad and free and free to unfree to misspeech. Freedom of speech. What's that? I remember we used to have that before we got Joyce. Yeah, here's that story. Freedom of speech. Yeah. Well, I got a bulletin fraud you clowns out there. Okay, here's a little bulletin for it. Alright. That's so interesting. That's amazing. That's amazing. Invading Iraq is likely to go down as one of the worst US foreign policy funders ever. Former Secretary of State of Maryland, all rights and interview. Well, I love that. I love the air home. The former top US diplomat, full of times that arrest did post leader Saddam Hussein was horrible, but I didn't think he was imminent threat to the US, eh? She said, you can't go to war with everybody this life she continued. Well, why not? I think Iraq may end up being one of the worst disasters in American foreign policy. All writers served under a bill Clinton, said US foreign policy, and the US foreign policy mistakes under President George W. Bush have left her feeling sick. Modern workers, current status and global affairs, he's feeling sick about it, and rightfully so, you go, girl. A lot of the things that we've worked on for eight years have unraveled it is very hard, she told the times. But really troubles me is that democracy's getting a bad name because it identified with imposition and occupation she had it. I'm pretty democracy, but imposing democracy is not seem more on. People have to choose democracy and has to come up from below, just like lunch or breakfast or whatever you're cooking up right now. Thinking about what she's saying and how accurate it is, the creature from the black leg, we're making a mistake. That's right, coming up from below. I don't know, I think I'm going to go on and get me some more movies to watch today. You know what I do? What? I know the sound strange. Well, man, I'm sure I'm not the only one who does it. Because I don't even know what movies that I haven't seen that I want to see, right? So I browse around, I got some great stories here, I browse around, and I look for something that looks interesting, right? And that's how I picked up both of these, the forgotten, with Judy and more. I love her, she's great. She was in Magnolia by the way. That's right, she likes Magnolia, forgot. Yeah, wasn't as good as crash, but good movie. It's a damn good thing for you that I already checked and seen that check clear. Uh-huh. Are you ready to make it a middle school? That's okay, that's okay. Listen, to eat it's own, okay. That's right, I'm not selling. It's just like that pasta, I'm not selling. Just tell me, I thought it was great, and didn't you both agree with me on that? That's even Josh's to leave me. Well, I got a box just to try it, but no, I haven't bought it again. Why not? Well, I will, next time I go to the stove. You're a half-two, I mean, now you can buy a whole bunch of it. Did that fat yet? With all that discretionary income you've got now, you can go out and especially with a great new deal at Joy offer, yeah? Well, let me ask, did you say something about fiber with it though? Right. I know it's on the bottom of it. I noticed that. No, what? That's correct, that's good. That's good. If I ever made a video, it just came. Listen, someday when you run Death's Door, you're going to say, why should we wish I would listen that old fact when he was still alive? He knew a little, see my mother, that was your whole preoccupation ever since he was a little girl. She took lots of it, every day of her life. Now luckily, I didn't inherit that problem, in fact, with me just the opposite. And I guess when you're full of it, it slides out easily. Oh, sorry, Joyce. Anyway, and the other movie that forgotten when they joined in more and the other one was because it was a cause for the movie. And I looked at the camera, I looked at that. But how could this not be a sensational flick? You're right, but I'm wondering Francis McDormand, who was not like, I mean, Rago, she's so great. And James Gendolfini, who, right, despite the fact that I'm watching the soprano, I still think he's a damn good actor. And he is. He is. The man who wasn't there. Now George says it's too slow and it's in. What? I said, it's a great story and good acting and all that. Right. They just look. I think the theme of this movie is just like a magnolia, and then people ask about the frog. It's the same thing. Crap happens. Right. Oh, yeah. Cookie. Cookie. That's all. In other words, he starts out and gets involved in this plot. And then all of a sudden, all of a sudden, all of a sudden, all of a sudden, all of the stuff starts happening and becomes like out of control. You know? By the way, since we're in the verge of going out and buying some more movies, which is a good idea. Why don't you go ahead and watch that one that you got sitting there of my son? No. No. You must be an unabaricated. It's a great story. Good acting, great story, John Malkovich. Gary's a great singer. Gary's a great singer. Gary's a bra. Gary's a great singer. He's also got Jim was listed in the shoshains. What is it that I've never saw the other grapes of wrath, so you'll have to tell me about that one. Now what? What would I like better? Shoshink or Shinla's a, am I asking around person? No. I see that one of those you see shimmers list. I'm going to show you the description. Yeah. I think they're both good. Shimmers list is a very like it's more of like a serious movie. Yeah. Well, I knew this for it. This movie too, the man who wasn't there is pretty serious. Yeah. Do at least it develops in it. Seriously, slow. Right. See why you should watch my son then. That's safe. Why don't I need to go on by anything? I can put my posh down right at 201. Did you have a problem with Gary Sunnis in the forgotten movie? No, he's probably. I never had a problem with him in John Malkovich and. And Leonard. Very good. Yeah. Leonard. By the way, don't forget the 24th day. I think you might like it, even though it's. Yeah, the whole theme. Yeah, even though of course the one guy is married or was married and his wife is dead. 991, by the way, we got it. And the other guy is probably too good looking. You won't be able to handle it. No, I know you look at those real hot looking guys like that. You think, oh, gee, I'm not supposed to know that. Right. I was thinking about that at Niagara Falls because so many like I told you the crowd. They were just, it's like a meat market. And I thought to myself, I don't know why people have to deny that. I mean, I'm going to say it again. Listen, we talked about it. What's the story? If somebody, I don't care what you said. If somebody brings you a beautiful steak on a plate, if you went to Ruth Chris and they brought you out of beautiful steak on a plate. Uh huh. You could be a vegetarian and still think yourself, man, that is the nicest cut of meat I've seen along. No, not a vegetarian. So steak looks good to me. I said, you could be. I'm not talking about you per se. Well, and you better watch yourself because I want to report you to. Peter. Yeah, you know, all right. 991, yeah, you animal killer, you cow killer. If it didn't squeal, it ain't good. Now, let me ask you this. Isn't the cow sacred in India? Oh, yeah. Well, so what is it that they eat? Well, what do they sure all that curry on each other? No, no, seriously, what do they sure the curry on? A lamb is that what they eat? I don't know what the Indians eat. There's a zillion Indian restaurants in Toronto. I got news for it. I wouldn't go out with the animal anywhere near with your fork. Or you just go ask them what's on the menu. Ooh, I don't want to get that close. I get to the door. Nice smell like curry. Pointing something and say, what's your time? Find out if anybody wonders where King Curry went after you left power. I think he's here. This is the new rugs. This is five, 16, two, five, four. Jason, you're on QM. You don't have any national guards in there because they're all fighting a war in the wreck right now. Not the national guard. Right? Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck? That doesn't national guard at all. That's a loaded. They'll be told they see that we're like a man in the world. Hey, Frobanan, hey,zejdabobi, you've got adown. You say, And said, he's the one, he gets Now they have only one, they Take them away, don't bring it down, shush down We got it, now they're hoping to say You got it, you know me, I just don't know You got it, you know me, I just don't know That's the living, we're saying that we love it, this was They got you to do it And said it, he got it, now they're hoping to do it You're doing what they say, and they say Like they're going to pull the rope And they're doing what they say, and they say You're saying, so they're going to pull this tool I'll be a legend, though, we got it Who should start it, and who should start it, and who should start it That's the one on your knees, who should start it Who should start it, and who should start it So will you do a game, channel their physics, handy times my skills, handy tips, and piacey Angry MaopAh Who listen to me, Gifting to that fight, where land will find any more I am so reed. So glad to hear that. I am lonely. I am yours. You are mine. You are what you are. Oh, you like it, song. I'm sure that the Joshua members that line you are, what you are from Godfather 3, Michael said to Vincent, you are what you are. That's right. I do. See, there are a lot of memorable lines in that. Don't you pull it? Cocka. All the time. All the time. We got it. Like I told you. No sweat. Just relax everybody. Exhale. Don't inhale. That's what I get to ask. The US Supreme Court will hear arguments Wednesday and a Florida case that definitely opponents hopefully to sweeping changes in the way more than 30 states. I heard him there. Exaheuk and then killers. Convicted cop killer clearance killer when January was strapped to a gurney, awaiting execution by a legal injection when a word arrived of a state is convinced a method Florida uses to put committed killers to the African cause excruciating pain. And he wants to call witnesses to testify. They had a mischievous attorney in the phone rang and oh, you know, so Dan Glacini didn't have our phone. Oh yeah. Never would have read it. That's right. And everybody who would have got this call online, I know. Finally all. Will? Yes. This is Eddie, Bob, please be. Bob, please be. That's the call they would have got. Such that I'm telling you, that's the only one we can get is the any. The only flying it. Yeah, it's very seriously. This really was a big. And I use the term loosely. I've been in his business since I was 17 years old. Okay, that's 46 long freaking years. It's a crap business. But I have never even a WCGR candidate when you're at never working such a bogus joint is this one. And you know about a bogus joint is usually a regno. That's right. But now but seriously, well, what kind of a horseball place in this guy's talking and Norma kid about or steady my contract, you must be doing talk about drugs. Man, you guys are missing out on the good stuff. You ought to get into some of their meetings and find out what those guys are smoking. Have to be crazy people. Airfree single day is like a challenge. How many roadblocks can we throw in your way? How many pieces of equipment won't work that day? How many times can we put guilty on it? Cluck in fury is exaggerated. We're going to put guilty on it. But anyway, guilty is sitting by him along with you too. And it's just unbelievable. Airfree possible thing they could do to screw it up. And the meantime, you know, all the major, uh, egg crack problems from a great breed screwing on, they can't piece, they can't piece together what I'm, and then they'd like to big mystery here. Evan Cole and was on yesterday from 9 to 11. What does that mean, you know? You know, I'm really blue because when the lady called, I should have said, well, was he any good? You know, was he good on a year? They do a good show? No, was he talking about the, he sounded like a, a broadcaster? He sounded like, uh, when he martes, you know, or like another, uh, a week nicer, what was the story? It's a truce. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Because I got news for you to clear our bell, man, you, you weren't even coming close to the radio industry. Okay, you're not even within a million. Even a Chinese laundry would be embarrassed. I'm going home. So, Godfather's already. On one, on A and C. First one? I don't have the way M C. I got a lecturer. There's a restaurant there, Luis. Oh, yes. I got a lot of ammo. I got a silent partner. There goes Michael. He's going to the restaurant. The black cat. I'm in the service of God who asked. Yeah. Legurals. Yes. Leguys. Here's Tempest. Tempest in the Peepot. That's one of my favorites. I wonder if Tempest is in that one. Poor guy's the lari-a-leggacy. I'll never get into that poor guy's crap, you know. I like those kind of movies, but not that particular one. Oh, a few good men. They're in commercial now. Someone goes and cuts. I hate those. Out of sight on IFC. Oh, here you go. For the beeslaze. Her? John Boy. Oh. Through. Her? You have a lot of feedback. Why is it? I have. And John Boy has gotten the two. A lot of things in the time of that thing in life. Well, here comes Michael back to the table. Whatever you put aside, I'm in a canoe with his like arm behind. Oh, yeah. I had all kind of like turned around. I'll twist it up. Pull on and come. Very important. That'll teach him for that bad acting on an Apple's way. This. These little writers. This. This is five sixty-two. Eight. It's day. Oh, my ambe town. So, don't go to the party. Have five six. Oh, WQA. Oh, right. The Middle Eastern world. Will be exploded to dominate people, too. With the gas that we sold him. With the first time a crusher nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about the real. The nook there to the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. Daddy, rag, ass off. We have this of past instruction. Three thousand people killed. I'm now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. He's a royal to be cognizant. Going after some time to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of. The name is loaded. But no one seems to say no. Of the incomplacent. Believe in every word of this part, tell it to me the station. That controls us by fear for me the ambelepulation and a right wing. Is drilling it over and over it to our heads. And I rag, ass off. We have things of past instruction. I'm dying on the ramp. So stupid. The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying. We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales. I have nothing to hide. People talk as all are saying. I know, be the insmanal don't have any reservations. Out of provoked panelettes. We're a violation. Old regime must fall. And how the virgin is known. With no objection at all. Till the crackstone of the fall, and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our brain. I think was it. I rag, ass off. We're pissed of past instruction. Only I rag, ass off. We're pissed of past instruction. Old regime must fall. Old regime must fall. Old regime must fall. Old regime must fall. It's from my rack to feed you Use you to the torture Cause they're just laying their game Oh! In the past It had to be worse with the dumb who say Bye bye bye!