Then, look at the boy you threw next to him. Arizona and New Mexico. And since your order rings, take six, go. You can throw in Texas too. You've got these things ready. He's not breathing more on his arm, right of his hat. But Mexico is not salty, fact. No bombing being in his butt, they might instead. From 30 sec, as I have had, watch what has happened to the cat. There are some just over there, but not just. They only dread that I can see. We got real problems, serious problems. But no one takes that through the streets. You give me Agela Lota. You give me Agela Lota. Side-up, some night with your report on a boy plane of right over. Get back to the window and shine up. Nobody's going to be on a fine of job, aren't you? Bye. You're not your Dubai. Oh, sky. I'm going to Dubai. I'm going to Dubai. I'm going to Dubai. I'm going to Dubai. I'm going to Dubai. It's in 10, a lot of 5, 60. WQIM. Happy Thursday, April 6th. No cross over the day. The humpers off to do the wood. I mean, the wood memorial. The wood? Okay. The big horse race tomorrow. Saturday. Whatever the hell it is up in New York. The wood memorial. You're going to get with it, Mr. If you're going to be around on a sports day, you've got to start learning your sports. Well, I'll start a little by little. Yeah. So I know this. College hoops. Fominier in a job shrine kills 10. Here's more good news from Iraq. A car bomb detonated today near the Imam Ali shrine in the job films and people wanting 39 more. Air every single day. It's just massive bloodshed and nobody cares because the public is really, they're busy. They're occupied with important crap. All around the world. They've got a bigger fish to fry. This like always people with their Mexican flags. Oh, God. The blasted place in Tau'dai Square on a road leading to a cemetery in the South Central Iraqi city, a vast of Shiite Islam. Police are on alert if imposed a citywide curfew. A car bomb killed more than 120 people near the mosque in August of 2003. Anyway, it's just every single day. Bodies all over the place and body parts and blood and stuff. Chaos. But other than that, things are going extremely well. Oh, we're fine. And Iraq. Fair night and I had 11 was on my cable again last night and I couldn't, I was about an hour of it again. You've almost seen it about 50 times already. Couldn't you shut it off? I wonder myself, how could anybody watch that without just being, without having blood dripping from their lip? I mean, just wild. Oh, I don't. I don't. I guess it America's easy. Public propaganda. I guess it America's easy to do that when you just don't give it in. And like that bit said, if there was many people protesting and marching in the streets about important things as opposed to like, you know, trying to legalize illegal immigration, then maybe we might get something done, but I doubt it. Put Joe Bell on the task. He'll take care of it. He'll take that up with a bee's lease. Boy, he is just the vain of my existence. He's your buddy, though. Now see, I got that's right. Little mother, therefore, got normal kid after his ass, and he came in if I need. I've looked at that little chat dance. Little soft shoe for you, probably on a back. Hey, I know. I like your urge. You're going to take that carriage right now. Thanks, Norm. But Greg left me such a mess. Does this mean I'm going to get a bill? Yeah, 58 bucks. Same for you. Yeah, bucks that you got to pay for me yesterday. So here's the deal. The money finally hit the bank there for, was the bank's mistake allegedly from the people I get in pay yesterday. Right. But the people who've ended up bouncing checks or getting charges over grass or whatever, you're all on your own. See if it was any kind of an honorable company. They say, oh, I mean, also, is any kind of inconvenience or whatever will take care of it. Oh, yeah. Right. Exactly. So you're on your own to the left. And don't be so irresponsible next time expecting to have that money in their on payday. Here's yesterday's poll result. 1853 votes. By the way, we'd have we'd be way ahead of the game on today's poll. It's definitely right that Eric is also. Maybe he picked up what I said yesterday. Took it to literally when I talk about to Hank about. Let's go on strike. So to totally, we were just joking. Yeah, we're just joking, Eric. Okay. So when I factored the poll three different times, the idea was, let's get it on there already. Okay. Do you want to make the stone call? I would add it one here. Whoa. I want to hear that. Just wasn't in a mood for it. So the poll only went on there like shortly before the show this morning. Otherwise we'd we'd have our chance for a thousand easy on this one today. But no. No. That's why I'm flashing the month for tomorrow already. What is this revised? I don't care about that. Oh, look at that. We got courtesy to tend to just the argument. Maybe he got a zan's fired for being in there dittling around. When I was either one that was like in a controlling their standard of our show. Oh, we don't know. And I don't think we'll ever know. We'll never know. That was you, hoodie. But he was definitely the one in their last night, paxking around in our studio and using the gear computer and dying. There doesn't need to be anybody in there, Clarence. There's no reason, right, to be in that room. Oh, no. There was a really good reason that I don't know. What? They had some gamers. No, not in that room. They were in the other room. They had something. Yeah. They had a party going on. And of course, you know, it doesn't make any difference to what is in there. Nobody can control because it's kindergarten time. Welcome to WQA, and you're a radio kindergarten. Like, it's like jumping up the sandbox with us. We'll give you a little pale when the shovel and you can pretend like we're going to go on and maybe we go around again. I'll get around the me pool. Like there's little Julios. I'm sure they'll be calling in later. You know, I can't sit around the me pool. Grab it out of the staff alive. What do you believe about Jesus speaking that that was your pool yesterday? He was one of many self-proclaimed prophets, 557. Well, also before I get into the pool result, I could stress this out for an hour. Brett, Brett, up at home. Must need to go to the, invented the father of the bomb or something like that. Don't be listening to fat boy there. Okay. The purpose of your being there is to go out and sell something at a service to the accounts. Not to piss me off or I get me to rip you on the air. We have plenty of other people to rip on the air. Go out and do something. Okay. And don't be putting the piece of copy in here that nobody ever heard of before. Then expecting me to update it for you because do your job. I know that's very difficult to understand being a hot chef from New York like you are. But do your job you moron. That's M-O-E-R-O-N moron. But do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Just from what I'm hearing is everybody in the building already hates him like poison. Brett from New York. A little bit of our crack salespeople. Make sure you mark the tape there Josh, you might want to copy that. Part of the new regime, yeah. Yeah, I'm putting the defendant's resume on his way to the next failure. Jesus was one of many self-proclaimed prophets, 557. That's 30% of the audience. So that he was the Messiah. 370, 823%. At last time we did this fall it was much higher than that but only we only had a few choices. He was the Messiah, right? 33% said that last time. So either we're like talking about him or the real Jesus Christ is our God. Oh, wouldn't that be bad. He never stole a freight train to a hundred and fifty one. He strictly forgot him, 156 Jesus. He was just a regular guy, just like you and I, 134. There was never any such person, 134. I hate this pool, 131. He was a homo, 60. You're fairy. And he was a snappy grester for 155. I'm a homo. That's your take. I know not on Hank on Jesus. Just play that Hank drop in all of it. God. Just read a little bit. No, it's not funny. God. That's funny. Yeah. Not that. Oh, there's that bubble-headed bitch again. Cynthia McKinney with a big kid. Get a real haircut. Okay, if you got to be a member of Congress, quit rocking around with that frizzy look. You know? What did they try to stop her? Looks like an antara risk to me. Now if you're wondering about Ariel Surron since it's almost Paisach now, doctors we attached to piece of Prime Minister Ariel Surron's skull yesterday, I wonder if it was Bush's brain, maybe like him planning it in his head. A day after the surgery was delayed because of a respiratory infection. They reattached the piece of his skull, so he is obviously doing it extremely well. The operation was the eighth force you're wrong since he suffered that debilitating stroke on the fourth of January. Doctors had removed the piece of skull during your previous operation on his brain. Which they said was loaded with carrots in us. The surgery that promised her Ariel Surron was supposed to have yesterday took place today, and it's successfully short-watt ago at Osso Hospital 7th statement yesterday. Surron was taken back to his room when he intends to carry in the worries than hospitalized since his massive stroke. Every night I yesterday was talking about the vegetables, about we need the cheap laborer. Evidently Ariel Surron don't need any Mexicans to work on his vegetable status. Because that seems to be what he is at this point. You see how bad works, what goes around comes around. You want to be a terrorist, a lot of innocent people. You want to be a barbarian, then the Lord smites you. They'll kill! Smotes you right on your hands, and your bad hands. I don't think there'll be any Paisach that he can be for Ariel this pace off, but can it hurt when you come right down to what? Yep. Here's today's poll. We've done this one before. Probably every couple of years we do this. Actually, we did fairly recently the things that they don't want to hear about. Because they like, because it's negative, they like that lot better. We don't want to hear that bad bad. In fact, generally speaking, whatever it is I talk about, or you talk about, that's what they don't want to hear. They don't know what they do on, but whatever it is that we talk, that's not what they want. That's not what they want. That's not what they had in mind. 324 votes. We don't have like 700 in some out of Eric would have been such a tubious that they in the really, really screwed up bad. God, he frosted my ass. 324 of all the things that he'll talk about, which is the most interesting to you. Politics, 160. I should have put on here instead of politics, just bush-fashioned. Because that's what they want to hear. That's how you'll problem with that, because I think I'll book out it right. It's so easy. It's like falling out of bed, you know. What do you do with such a moron? Now what it really means politics bush-fashioned. And of course, teeny bashing and right-wing bashing in Tom Delay bashing, all of these other parties, things. And colder bashing. This fudge bashing. Politics, 160. Inside radio stuff, 48, well, we sure had a lot of that yesterday. Well, with people not getting paid on payday, and everybody all whipped up into a frenzy. And with this place just going down the tubes, that's what I heard. It's going down the tubes. This is the room around the building. The new grade Gems is just the deep six and that's big time. You're doing a hell of a job, Joe. Just like Brownie Brown. You're doing a heck of a job. Like me? Like me? How am I doing so far? Like me? What a guy. Ever seen him and Bob Green together? Same person. And of course, remember what a good job Bob Green did for you. I'll pick Harry George. I think Harry, he took care of. Still feel it. Religion 28. See these numbers are so small because the pool will be went out there like about, I don't know, whatever. It'll help time wait 30. I hate this pool 17. Food and restaurant 17. Hockey 17. Yeah, I'm looking back at the last time we did this pool some time ago. Hockey was forced with 190 votes. Now, how else have possible? They don't want here about hockey. By the way, the panthers, the other freight last night, nice lost boys. They just roll over. 5, 2. That's it. Done. Gaze stuff 11. Slots in gambling 10. Health problems 6. I probably should have said a lot of those starting pretty soon. The way things are going. The track 3. See the track is a hold. There are a couple of these that are holed over the first time. Immigration 2. See they don't find that very interesting. And so they say that they don't sell them. They don't sell them. They're burned out of matches like I am. The stock market too, which I don't talk about at all. So I don't know why that's a holdover. And diet talk only one. They don't want to hear that. Shack lost to it from what was it? 365 to 319 and balanced for life. But isn't it try going to have shacked his response for balance for life? Wouldn't that be good? Is it a check on a payroll? He ought to be for all the airtime he gets. They're all the money that he's making us. And that's right. I forgot about that. But he's shacked in town. He's making us our paycheck. What if we're chosen to make, he can pay my balance. He can pay that to the end of the box. That's it. Send the, uh, send the, uh, Slip over to Shack. He'll take care of us. Anybody in the building that got screwed by the beastly Zester and had checked bouncing, he had any kind of financial charges. Just to send send the invoice over to Shack. He'll take care of. Care of Pat Riley, mommy, he knows what. 10 13 at 5 60 W to come and speak in about money. What if everything you thought you knew about your home equity? Turn out not to be true. What if most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage dead to additional retirement planning work giving you the best chance for success tonight? The financial education institute is conducting a free seminar for South Florida homeowners in settled common sense strategies for Successful equity management. Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time? Or maybe increase your spreadable retirement income by 50% without increasing your current budget today? Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect yourself from a declining real estate market? South Florida homeowners are invited to attend tonight at 6 30 in a PM with a holiday and in Boeton Beach. Free a charge thanks to paradigm wealth strategies. Visit the online at fii-florded.com or call out a Reservoirs-Fofford tonight at 9 5 4 3 8 9 85 75. We should have done that Brett Oppenheim. Since you have bought it, we'll say get serious. 9 5 4 3 8 9 85 75 don't forget the free seminar tonight at 8 30 or 6 30 6 30. 6 30. Let me say again. How they in in Boeton Beach. So this is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16 2 8 walks. When it comes to interest, this please, get to see the biggest person out here. What's happening? Watch yourself. Think you said it was a good one. It's a good one. What do you think about this? QA. Hi Tom JK here. Child business columnist and professional celebrity may live. I am all that South Floridaans have. To say that by carries the eyes about glorious tinsel town. That's why I don't have time to write anything about local personalities. I'm not a touch with that now. I should write about the Iraqis. Or even this 30 of the anniversary. Come on. I have more important things to do. Like reviewing fuel-trits, television classics like Free Ride, free in a half-man, and everybody hates Chris. I have a laugh track here. I use them all of them. And that's what I make you feel like having a cheese food. Besides, only one has become a little steady of fuel is half of the breaks. So, Kia, I've got you about the big stars now. My Jesse or the day I had lunch with Larry Thorge. Neil, you're out of touch. But I'm not a touch in a bad way. I love free, free through disks and shrimp cocktails a lot more than you. Touch this, this. Yeah. We paired the 108. Michael God Keyser. And Peg Connor. Be sure to be worried about final being active. to have been sonnet for a long time. Let's do a quick story of call here because I'm sure the audience has whipped up into a were frenzy. Marlon's lost last night for the give it a good shot there. They tried to have been coming back and felt as little short, right? Yes, they did. A little short. What was it? Six five? Yes. They were down six one. They made a little competency any of that. So they aftermath of it. In fact, I saw a Frank Fort interviewing somebody. I thought, since he had that big mulberry move here worth a damn. And then what else in the pants is, of course, they're all done. They got bushwacked by Atlanta five to there and have written the Macarena last night. Not good. And other than that, it's all, it's all him. Five six seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty and have arrived in singular wireless line. I'm just Tommy, you're quoted Hank from his show. Well, yes, did I see I forgot to ask Hank about Katie Kirk, but Hank already spilled the beans about. Once you used to work at Channel 4 and then there's the whole thing about she did the story on. What was that? I'm on ties with Ed O'Dell. By the way, Ed O'Dell's a big fan of the show, Tommy, I hate to break the news to you. Ed O'Dell's a good guy, good people. But she was on montage and she went out there and she to find out what it was like to be a homeless for a bag lady and she sat out there on the street like his a bag lady. Katie Kirk. And I was making 15 million years. So maybe she's got a little something to sack for you. Maybe Katie Kirk's got 58 bucks for it. I'll judge to cover those charges from yesterday when they didn't pay on. All right, I'll go check them down. Call up Katie. She'll help you out. WQA, and hello. Good morning, sir. How are you? Okay. I have a somewhat tragic spy report for you. Really? I just found out that Portie's restaurant has closed. Oh, hey. I wish cookies that we talking about in Tamarack. No, no, no, no. The one in the Pembroke Pine City moved from North Pine of Egypt. Oh, no. Yeah. The North Pine of Egypt. I'm barely like he sold it in August. See more pale, of course. The founder and whatever. I just found out that when father's Saturday, there's a science that remodeling, but evidently, he sold the business in August. And I guess where he sold it to with the lesser man. And another South Florida institution is gone by the court. What is that, Tanya? Well, it tells me the Gentiles in Pembroke Pine did another good thing. That's what it tells me. Tony Graham in Pembroke Pine's, I thought they were all old Jews in Pembroke Pine. Well, maybe it was too far from symmetry. Villager's, he slept all the way over to Corquise. Maybe that was it. I think it was getting past the traffic at Pembroke's mall. Maybe they didn't hit it. I'm early bird. Well, he didn't have an early bird. And I'd be, oh, another great dish is not to sandwiches no more. Would not be a great slogan. It's too late for the early bird to Corquise. Yeah. Yeah. Well, thank you to the bad news, Fanny. You're welcome, sir. You're welcome, sir. Thank you. Now, let me go. I think I should talk to the Chinese. I need to say it's a Goi's Reveld. I'll see ya. The Fee Pace-O. OK. Porkies. Now, did not tell you when the Corquise in North Miami Beach State private previous one when I went close down, right? That was the signal. Your mind is bleeding profusely here. I just smacked it on the corner of this thing here. Can I just go give a little, well, I'm not going to give a motion. I knew it. Right. We're from Bandit Beach, OK? Boy. Boy, you were like, yo, this is Pride Proto. The research. I didn't put that. I think it was Patricia Proto. Now, it's not things that she's making up. It's like, crew, and Apple will be there when we want it. That might be breathing on my track. Let's say, a fact. That's enough, press Proto, OK? KP of Corquise, says the wife's in docked. Look what the US Army sent us recently. Gistings are going to well over season. Now there might be a docked shortage, due to all of your current generation Iran, due to searching for quality physicians for the Army reserves. This is a flyer they sent to this guy. Bonus of 30 grand and student loan repaymed up to 50 grand. The commission is an Army Reserve officer. Network opportunities, paid CME activities, a survey of coffee while serving other excellent retirement plan. And there's Uncle Sam pointing, I want you, US Army. I do like that. Well, there's a lot of body parts and a lot of missing body parts, and a lot of bloodshed and all this other crash. And the public is worried about the craft, cock-on nonsense. They worried about the missing chicken, a rouba, and foolishness. And a kid that was like, pouring himself online, and everybody's supposed to feel sorry for him just in the air. Any idea, any idea? All of these things. Part of these things. WQA, hello. Not there, that's bad move on your part, man. It could have been your, this could have been your moment of sunshine. Everybody in town might have been talking about that important call. You're just mistmaking. We're all the four days on, I'm telling it. There were a lot of those people. Listen, they're playing the fame. Look at that student fighting against deportation around CNN, he can stay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, five, 60, leave a rise in singular, wireless line. Look at those phones, man. Mall, brother. When that delay catches up in about three, four minutes. Then you're going to see some real action. How's my knee do them? Oh. She's just a little scraper. WQA, I'm Joe Belly, and hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? OK, sir. That's good. Yesterday, you cracked staff in the building screwed up my request of those that lose the first things they had. Can you play Thai, don't you, for me? Thai, Thai, Tommy? Thai, don't me? Thai, he has. Not the hockey player. We're not the hockey player. I've got staff screwed up your request. Well, he's talking about the fact that he couldn't hear it because there were plenty of stuff on the other side. Yeah, guys, right. Oh, that cracks that. Yeah, they've got stuff. Not the one that I did, whoever it was in there. I know what you're talking about. All right, appreciate it. No, I'll work something out for you. I'll Bob play Thai time, and then they'll play something over that in the control room. We all will make good. No, this is not right. I don't know what that was going on in there. And it's like a Schloss, Schlossville in there. Schlossville. Schlossville. And you got this little baby program director with a bunch of these little baby children. It's like bad high school radio with all of Paul, Houston WKPX and the kids at Pipera. We apologize for, fucely. It's like bad Thai school radio, not good high school radio, which they've been on for doing it various times. That's what we degenerated into. Just a bunch of kids running around. Oh, oh, here's a knob. Let me crack this knob, you know. Just like Wayne Gretsky, like the powder is knob. But are too many people twist into many knobs, and I'd place that's the problem, okay? We know when Gregg was there, he likes to twist a few knobs, but he's supposed to be gone now. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound five, 60, and a Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Good like, man, they're going. WQAM, hello. QAM, hello. Look at these, man. Wow, how dare you was Howard would say? WQAM, hello. I noticed he had tips. What about him? WQAM, hello. George is crying. WQAM, hello. Me or the morning? Yes, sir. Hey, I don't want to believe. Refinite. I've recommended a couple of times. I'm an awful lot of that past. And I'm a factor that loves to eat. And I'm like any piece to eat. If you could give me the one over, we'll quick on it. I appreciate it. Co-dreamfield's pastimating, get a public streamfield. The R E A M Dreamfield. Three or two carbs grams, but it's only five grams net. Amid actually taste good? They're just like regular pots. It's excellent. They're called Dreamfield. Dream, D Dream, is in D is in Dung. Got this, thanks for that, man. I'm not too valuable. Okay, D is in Dungeon's Crab. Which one of my knee would stop? I'm saluting. Oh, it's buttery. Look at that. Well, I didn't get it. I could have got a band-aid, but that would have been too much fun. Because that stops it like right off. There wasn't enough stuff to be bleeding, but it stops like the oozing. We can't like I'm going to show to be oozing a little. But you have to be oozing or losing. I think we're doing the second part. Better be able here on the road. Boo-ray. Where are the rest? Oh, talk about being behind the eight balls. Man, this new way, G, they have. They are so clueless, it's unbelievable. But you've been taking care of now. So you know, okay, now you're in a better mood. They do. The patient remains. We'll be seeing. Remember, he's got to go to the west coast. And that's a different animal over there. Yeah, he's a picker tiger, you know. Phil, we was whatever you say. Oh, yeah, that's a really good idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's take care of George. Everything's great when I travel. Things are going all right. Good. Let's take care of George. And that's your eye shadow about that kid. But, yeah, let's get all right. Ha ha ha ha ha. And then, of course, he goes over there in a matter of what he says. It's like, George just slaps him in the head. Just one time like that. And, you know, smacks him back into place. Too much talk and smack. That's the problem in this journey. 27 past 10 at five, 60 W to Q AM. With lightning quick speeds, the latest feature in security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes. Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL 15 up to 100 times faster than dial up with the downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or just serving your favorite surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you be flying to the internet. You'll be floating. Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan video mail, Comcast Rapid City Radio Plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few. And, under way that, but you also get macophicy security tools included, so you can be assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure. So, what you waiting for is start doing more faster than ever before sign up for Comcast. High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months and you wonder how you ever managed to get along with of it. In date call 3-5 Comcast and in Broward it's 9.54 Comcast. How I'm tummy from Titanmy saying for the best high food and a best service. As long as you're not black, you come on down to Titanmy or Southeast. We know like black people, K-doll cheap wealth, besides white black people want to eat high food anyway. We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh wait, I forget we have a spare ribs. Good thing, high tall, caught us there with our menu. It's a button. So, if you not black, call me on down to Titanmy. How do you think of it? So, stamp gay people, we know like damn either. Should they tip food, but they talk too loud with funny lists. They stop all the customers, no comeback. So, no gay, no black. And while we're at it, lie to people, you make reservation for 7-15. Don't show up at 8-20 and it's for you table. We give you to somebody else already. Not the people always late. No black, no gay, no Latin, and Thai coming. And Jewish people, you stop figuring all of you. Who can't who have what? Pay with it, I'm gold. Set it outside. Take 45 minutes to try and to divide a bill. We ain't no one you hear. No Jew, no black, no fat, no Cuban. And why people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't teach your ass. You're no comeback. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latin or so gay. Everybody else, for the best Thai food, come on down to Titanmy on the beach. Hurry, before we have to close. New from red and gold records. Sing these babies sing Simon and Darko. And then, boy, you rip out your hair. Play your hair. I'm standing right below. Oh, baby, sing Simon and Darko. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Try and play the Christian. No, no, no, no. It's a baby thing to try and environmental the story is now. From a red and gold. Today, we go north to try and figure that guy a two for one. No one has to charge for this guy. But anyway, don't put it any more. Okay, here's a fact right off the bat little kind of a sour facts for the poll. Please add local Miami Slang and South Florida politics, vice-cocessive. If you want gossip, we don't even flash men's common hair. Okay, it's a photograph, but we don't do a gossip show. Or Jewish stuff. Oh, there you go. Put Jewish stuff on it. Right? Okay. Oh, and then it goes on. This is the part I love in this facts. Also, why is it that you give a report on the distance in a rack every day? What exactly is your point? What exactly is my point? How about what vaguely is my point? That it's a blood bath that we created. In addition, which is, we know you were against going there in the first place. No, not going there isn't the term it's called invading in the first place. Based on a pack of lies invading, not going there. What is it that you want us to do now? If we pull out it will just make things worse. If you're just trying to put out how bad it is, there are much worse places such as our fur. Well, that's what we ought to be doing. It's telling you, wacky, say, you know, you think things are bad? Now, we're going to say, you asked Africa, how do you like that? Our fur is in our fault. We didn't create that thing. Exactly. It was that way before. We didn't go in and invade and take a place where people were living, and relatively at least in semblance of a life, and turn it into a blood bath. That's the difference. Not that we're doing anything in Darfur. That's beyond the Cod Nobody cares about that. Because those are dark folks in Africa. Nobody cares. That's just the way the world is. You know, all this crap about never again. Right. If it's the Jews, if it's the sparks, whoever is, we don't care. That's the world for you. What exactly is your point? I think the point is pretty clear. Oh, for instance, the media just kind of like sluffs it off. Africa just annoys takes a few seconds every day to be getting in the show. It's likely talk of the dead American service man, since the media doesn't feel like the news story anymore anyway. Because I want to, how do you like that? Because it's my show, and because that's what I want for about 15, 20 seconds to be getting in the show every day. How do you like that? Is it if I have to owe you an explanation of why I say this, and why I do that, and why he's not photocard. Whoever sent the facts, you're a part of it. Okay? I'm happy to pay so off to you. Jewish stuff. I hope you're gagging on the leftover home and touch and from poor. I'm how do you like that? Why do you do this? Because I want it. 423 votes on the pool. Well, we'd have a thousand already forward for our Eric. Seas is trying to make life difficult. We don't need any help, Eric. We already got Joe Bill. And Chris Jones don't forget about him. Well, we gotta guys coming in. Oh, oh, oh, man, you gotta love this guy. Of all the things that he'll talk about, which is the most interesting politics 200 means bush bashing. Terrorist, maniac, moron, mozo, smirking, chimp inside radio stuff 66. Well, if we ever get back inside radio, we can do that. You know, we ever get back like in a real radio station. Religion 34, I hate this pool 26, hockey 25, how about those leaves? All out to win a desperate game against the girls team. I'm under display like all 10 year old kids last night, and we've literally pulled it out. Food and restaurants 22, gazed 15. Now you're talking, I'm a 16. Just went up again. Yeah, or my favorite. You're a new favorite. And that is always the abbreviate version of that. Slots and gambling 12. Get a good machine, man, and we'll talk Turkey. Health problem six, they're hoping. Amsterdam five immigration for the track three, track my ass. The stock market three, you wish stuff one and die a talk one. We're way, way behind the eight ball. That's because it's the QA map in way, no man. Well, I tell you, we're getting some interesting memories about this place. Keep right there. Put a bandit, I took your advice and put a bandit, John Mayani. Yeah. Not a good idea. It's all like I can see the goss is like all bloody now. I know you gotta keep replacing it. Get out of here. Look, it's either that or it's not going to be hard to do. Who can afford to keep replacing bandage, man? You crazy? I know you don't wear socks. You're going to be leaving blood stains. No, it's not like dripping down my knee. Get out of here or the baby. Oh, either. Grand jury to hear. And here we go again with this right hand column. I'm having problems with this on some of these taxes. Would he? Right hand thing is chopped off. Federal grand jury will soon begin hearing evidence about representative Cynthia McKinney's running with that police officer. Allure from any of the case had late yesterday. He confirmed that federal prosecutors had agreed to get involved in the case in which a black lawmaker's accused of hitting a white officer after he tried to stop her friend and her house. See, I got news for you, okay? I don't know about you, but I'm sick and tired. Everything is a racial thing. If you just want to say, hey, I'm Cynthia McKinney. I remember a Congress from Georgia, whatever. That would have been it. It happens all the time. They said that. But no one said that. She liked. And then she won't discuss what happened either. Even though they did, grilled her right. The thing times yesterday morning, they showed the clip. And she won't answer the question of what really happened because she knows what she did was wrong. So in order to listen to him simply now with that bad crazy hairdo or hers, she's like, oh, it's a racial thing. If I would have been white, yeah, just like with OJ, I don't know, but I think America is sick of that. We're sick and tired every time some dark person goes some everyone act something as unacceptable. I'll say, if a white person wanted that would have been okay. Well, what's that got to do with it? Bull-crank. If a white person went, I'm probably going to shot him. Right? But a black person realized that that was going to happen. I've got to think about it. Black woman, hey. You know, she looks like she's stuck her finger in a light socket so she could be a terrorist for all we know. Maybe the badwis and I'd bomb she had ready to go. Maybe that's what got her hair all fizzy like that. Get yourself a real ass. She had no name tag on like this guy's supposed to know her with her new do. She's got a new do. They got a no-muff face. Yeah, well, I don't want to know your face. I've worked on it. Go back to JoJo. Bitch. God. Everything like with OJ murders two people in cold blood. All of the NAA evidence. It's as plain as could be even Charlotte Holmes that need to be called in for that one. And it's a racial thing. Yeah, right. Of course it was. 560, 560, pound five 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. They're real quiet because it's coming up to Paceoff and East Urdu don't forget. And they're really pissed off because I chancedize them for that ass Wednesday thing. I still don't believe that. That people really do that. I think you made that up just to aggravate. That's right. That living and breathing people with IQ larger than their digit actually put asses asses on their forehead on them ass Wednesday just because some get skit told them to do that. What if they told you to put pomegranates on your forehead when you do that? Yeah, oh. You know, pomegranate Thursday. Did that with today? I think that this is today. Put a couple of cumbquats on your forehead today. It's a cumbquat Thursday. All right. Cumbquats. A couple of a sour grapes on top of your head on one of each ear because it's Graves Thursday. She's. I mean, you people out there when you're going to start using your brain. Get a search party and find one and see if it works. Find one that works. She wear in there forehead with ashes. And what's supposed to be this is a difference about. I've pardon my ignorance, but I'm not big on the glam stuff. What was that supposed to mean? It not. I really that sure. Tom really? Now Josh, I don't know. He's a good cat lick. That way out here. Yeah, sorry. Yeah. You don't know what to smear to because they call it ass Wednesdays. It's supposed to smear asses on your forehead on ass Wednesday. You don't even know why. Perhaps it's showing respect. I have no idea. Show respect. I don't know in order. I care, really. Hey, hey, you better care, man. You want to be able to take care of your deal. This is meal Rogers. What must it be now? I took a good back here. Hey. Hey. Hey. But the Lord even loves you Rogers. The movie was my trusty bed. The time I come on bars the proof of fiction with me. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five old verses better? Of the moon will I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of You St. My Martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy. Curse a fiction. Curse a fiction is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. There's someone pixel word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed. I'll tell you the gaps. How about a chair? No, sorry Billy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days you can play again. So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included. Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers. 1025. So rather than a civil bunch of very tales, I looked it up myself. You know, sometimes I'm sorry. I stopped with Google it to I done it as Wednesday. They'll come to me all about in Central Pedia. Although my margin again, I'm having a margin problem. I don't want to do that on the year. It's hard to do that. The right hand margin is like John Minoff. Wednesday after Queen Quaaghe SEMA, which is the first day of the lunch fast. What does that? Queen Quaaghe SEMA. What is that? What do I owe you? I owe you a language. I owe you a hundred. Huh? Probably a lot. The name D.A. Sinarum. Day of Ashes, which it bears in the Roman missile is found in the earliest existing copies of the Gregorian Sacramento. That's named after Jeff Gregory. And probably get from at least the eighth century. Oh, they read into their crack back then. On this day, all the faithful according to ancient custom are resorted to a post the altar before the beginning of mass. And they're the priest, the priest. And of course, we all know about the priest. Dipping a stomach of ashes previously blessed marks the forehead or in case of theris upon the place of the tansure. Well, well, what is the tansure? Hey, you got the encyclopedia page. TOSURE. Of each of these signs of the Torah, saying the words, remember man, though our dust on the dust shall return by the meat that it would put about the ashes. The ashes even the ceremony are made by burning the remains of poms, blessed on poms Sunday, the previous year. In the blessing of ashes all for forefathers are used, all of them ancient. The ashes are sprinkled with water and fumigated with incense and peppermints. The celebrate himself, the bishop or cardinal, receives the understanding received the ashes from some other priests using the highest indignity of those present. In earlier ages, they had penitential procession often followed the right of the distribution of the ashes, but now this is not prescribed. There can be no doubt that the custom of distributing the ashes to all the faithful erosimate devotional imitation of the practice observed in the case of public pay upenance. But this devotional usage of the reception of sacramental which is something accurate, this does make any sense. In the books, both of the old law and in the new, that the men who repented of their sins be stewed themselves with ashes and clowed their bodies with sac cloth, or there we go with that sac cloth and ashes crap again, like Howard Veal. Now let us do this little at the beginning of our length that we stew ashes upon our heads to signify that we ought to repette our sins during blood and fast. That's what they say. And any enforces the recommendation by the terrible example of man versus something or other, oh man, who refuse to go to church for the ashes on ash Wednesday and who a few days after was accidentally killed on a borne hunt, how boring. It is possible the notion of penance which is suggested by the right of ash Wednesday was reinforced by the figurative exclusion from the sacred mystery, symbolized by the hanging of the latent veil before the sanctuary. But on this and the practice of the beginning of the past and ash Wednesday, it says see length. Can that be length? I've said that before in the answer is usually not always though. Can that be length? How about what kind of materials I made of? Can that be felt? And every now and then you get like either yes or five on the fact, one of the other. Five, six, seven, oh five, six, you see it say we're legit show, baby, we're learning about religions man, we're learning about all these foolish things that people do because somebody told them to do it. Just go to the cliff there and jump. Just jump as high as you can. The Lord will catch you on the way down. Oh, I guess maybe he was busy. He was busy checking he has an epology and was weak. Like sorry, the handed Lord should reach out and catch you. Don't we think? If you can. Lord will take care of that 58 bucks that you got screwed to hold it. That's a big hole. A legal, really. Hey, carry your charges. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Confected. Now what it says on the door there, if you work for the beastly, he's got to help you. I think that's what it says. And pound five, 60 on the, or it doesn't say you haven't got a prayer. One of the other. Verizon and singular wireless lines. WDQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to point out that in Betty Polk quotes networking is column today. Really? Yeah. You probably just saw it for the first time. Could be. Could be. You call it the guy I never saw network my apartment. I was mad at hell, but I don't think that's anything more. That's exactly what he writes. And Neil, just, you know, I know you've been talking about him. We've been getting some of the past couple of days. I just think that anybody in this turn of this is the righty monkey should be put on trial. Okay, great. All for it. I'll be the judge's matter of fact. All right. Okay, so. I still a label. Ask the cameo. Meet us. 5605. Yeah, anybody else not running a mom be under the age of 100. If you're over 100, you got green teeth. We'll give you a free pass on it. You can't help yourself like the foretofs. Like Levi's stub. And Levi's stub? Nope. I see it. 560560. Where I think we just take calls today. I got a whole pile of stuff. I don't know. I don't want it, you know? Nope. I don't want it. So, I'll load up. There's another way. You're deal all straight. None of them. You need to do that. They had to have no mental health balance. You're going to be joking. These like he's like a statue man. You can't move him for a lover money. But once normal makes a phone call. All of a sudden. But, I'm not the only pal. You know, he reminds me a little bit of that one too. In fact, George told me off the year. He didn't mind me sit on the air that when Joe Bell came in. You said to George. Hi, I'm pal. We'll check out over the top. Nobody said. Nice. A lot of similarities there, you know. A lot of blown smoke. W QAN. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. and by the way, there's another one for you, North to charge. Reverend Schmuck, WQAM hello. Hi. Yes. Well, we're headed to we find out why Catholics can't meet on Friday's because that's a dumbest thing I have heard of. Never thought that they changed their mind on that because they got tear to tune in macaroni. So I have a co-worker that's swear by it. And I'd like to send that to you. And I always hit a woman or a man. A man and he swears by it. And I'd like to know, ask George, is it actually written in the Bible? Of course not. OK. Tell Tony or a guide or he went out with knickers. OK. Tell them when I would path-boon in my books. OK. But look it up for me. Let me know. OK. I'll let you know. I'll let you know. OK. I'll let you know. I'll let you know. OK. I remember when I was in school, all the Catholic kids. It was Friday. Oh, gee. We got to have macaroni and tuna. tuna, casserole and I. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Well, he's the one that told you to do it. But he didn't. Let me see it again. I have no idea why that was. It's just, it's just, I mean, we're in big stuff up. It's just like that crap about it with the dietary laws from a thousands of years ago when the Jews didn't want to eat pork because they were getting tricky noses. I'm telling you, man. That's what it's all about. That's why the Jews and the Italians had the big noses because they were eating a pork. Uncured, uncooked. They didn't have ovens that were going to have no microwaves back then. They were refrigeration. That's correct. And so as we saw that, that's why in the milk products and the dairy products they get like, I did it for Matt. They like to get to the green apple wild stuff. Yeah. Green stuff. The wild apple green stuff. That's where that green steam came from. All this stuff. I mean, here it's 20. It's the year 2006 for Christ's sake. If you're part of that expression, Jesus got all mighty. And there's all these millions of morons. It's the termination. See, like that one there. Running around doing stuff because some getsky thousands of years ago were ignorant or because they had, didn't had no refrigeration, no sanitation, no antibiotics, none of these things. Just like these clowns. Oh, we're going to kosher the house. And there's only one question for that. Right. Remember that? Oh, yeah. Hero, and I, or, and I, or former friend, their Sheryl, Jewish Sheryl send her kid off to a Kabudson Israel, which first of all, why would you want to do that? Unless you want to get rid of the kid I get to do a fire. Yeah. And so when she comes back from Israel because she had been so duly brainwashed over there, oh, we're going to kosher the house this weekend and of course that didn't lie. That lies about five minutes. That's what it's like to be kind of a pain in the glass. God, stop doing such nonsense because somebody tells you to do it. Okay, and all you getsky's out there. All you, uh, a cusset a man with a beard's daughter, your kneecap. At least they use a little left guard and a little right guard. Christ all mighty. And why did the guy market enough set? A little, a little bot. And now that you don't have to worry about dropping a soap. Now that we got body wash. I mean, what's the pun of time that was a good excuse? Although they have seen them never need an excuse about dropping a soap because they were reproducing like rabbits. That's another reason why they noticed a Catholic church in their view on his immigration thing to Pope. Oh, he wants to Mexicans all the right Americans flooding into this country. Yeah, because instead of 300 million people, we can have like three billion people in about five years away that they reproduce because in a fact that they're good cat-lix man. They listen when a Pope speaks to like you, you will follow the orders and they do. They go step by the law. All or shepherds. And of course, you notice, I was never aware that until his lead ladies, because I mean, whoever paid attention to ragheads, you know. Right. But now we find out the Muslims reproduce like rabbits as well. That's why I like in all of those Muslim countries. More than 50% of populations under 15 because they're making babies like they're cranking out an factory somewhere. When in doubt they're cranking them out. Then in that a guy last night on a squeal of fortune is a dark and plated guy. He got like seven kids. Seven kids. This guy like maybe 35. He's got seven kids. Pats as I guess you do get home on leave fairly often then, huh? And every way. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, because we know I like heavy humor on it. So just like a little few yucks. Not going over to a pet because then they'll respect it all the time. See, he and Van are a perfect for that show because basically they do nothing. You remember? Oh, I don't. See, hits the letters and you know, it appears that when she hits the dead, I don't know if that really works or not. I don't think she has anything to do with it. No, I don't. Go. They wait for it actually. I wait for it to touch it. By the way, she's almost 60 years old, Van. She's 57, he's 59. We discussed that a couple weeks ago. Everybody I tell that to. Oh my god, how did you find that out? We googled it. How did you find that out? It's a big, it's an ancient Chinese secret. Oh, brother. Yeah, let me tell you. If you wanted to hold somebody else, look at their feet. I was wondering why you were like, so obsessed. Had this foot fetish. Look at their feet. You can put the face. You can like, it's kind of hard to get a foot lift, you know what? You can get a face lift. You get a nose job. You're going to foot job. This. That's not real Roger. This is 5. 16. 16. 8. This is the real Roger show. Oh, look. Oh, look, look. Wow, look, look, look. This is your brain. Oh, my god. Any question? Oh, look, look, look. What's your name? Roger Mary. Roger Mary. Roger Mary. Roger Mary. Now the pulse is there for you. And the power is your closest. Did you say to his life with your flying sister? They're nice. He's got a job for you to tell. Oh, look. Roger Mary. Roger Mary. Roger Mary. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fought through it too. With the big sea on your chest and the bruise in my chest, we're going to go to a prayer. Oh, look, look. Who's with the seed of God this time? That's the bad guy straight to hell. When a building starts you go, we go, we go, we go. You're a crushing girl with one body on her. Oh, look, look, look. Oh, with one mighty mower was that one mighty blower. He's saying, mower blows, I think. It's 11 o'clock at five, 60. It's a safe sponsor of terror. WQA, and there's the number one terrorist in the world right there along with his buddy in partner in crime, Tony Blair. And Jack Straw. Well, I'd say that we'd be really kicking ass if we had the good start. If we just started that pull last night around five or six when I wanted to, Eric. 509 votes on the pull. Wait till next time, Eric sends me one of those bandwidth bills, monthly bill and just wait. The pony's going to have wild diarrhea that day's going to take a real long slow trip down into Orlando, Eric. And then of course, Eric will turn around and say, well, just wait till next time you look at your website. It's not there anymore. That's what I, that's a thought, Josh. Just imagine all the tourists in time would say about how we do when I met fundraiser by the way. George, how's that thing coming? Oh, I haven't asked. Man, that thing must be really kicking some serious anger. That's the world on fire. So I did look this up and that woman had called him into the go, she was me by five bucks for a fast paper. Give her start, fashion something and he had no idea how long the thing was coming. And then it said page one of 175 or something like that. A board, I finally stopped it, I'm saying after several pages. Some getky wrote this. He says in an earlier article, I posted a detailed examination of the never constant discipline of Catholic fasting and absence never constant in this study. I shall raise but a few additional points. When I was young in Catholic, the priest announced in my Paris stressed self-mortification or is that self gratification? That's what the priest threw, stressing. Straf mortification through fasting and abstinence. One could eat or drink absolutely nothing. That's a movie. From midnight till an hour after Sunday Mass, if he wished to take communion. No meet on Fridays, and birthdays, a wrong location days, holidays of obligation. These are good ass Wednesday, good Friday, fully Saturday, nor an official day each week of lunch. There were exceptions to these strict rules of course. After this wasn't required on Sunday, even if a holiday of obligation fell on a Sunday. The rule seemed so complicated and so subterter to change that one was grateful and I had the priest reminded him of his fasting, fasting, slash, abstinence obligations. Let's see inadvertently feel the key part of the priest steps of the church and beg your de amorous sin. I'm getting choked. See lords punishing me. Must be my need. That'll learn you. The laws of fasting, after this, have changed significantly over the years, which is interesting, when one considers the Roman Church's motto, Sampereedam, always the same. Sampereedam, always the same. No doubt the Catholic apologists will be quick to remind us that fasting and abstinence are matters of church discipline, and as such are subject to revision from time to time. He would of course be correct. I was able to find no dog where concerning, let-in fasting, rather than abstinence, no divine command is believed as a matter of faith by all Catholics, as a threat of an asthma. So why do Catholics believe in this certain people of fasting abstinence? Aha! Now we've come to the long convoluted answer that goes on for 400 pages. Oh, it's even got some biblical quotes. All right. Later on, it's God gave Moses 10 utterances. You know what I first one was? Yeah. I see you step on. Okay. Sorry. Or commandments to pass along to the Hebrew people. A Hebrew people, not to go. I am the Hebrew people. You better get with it. Yeah, you too. You better make yourself right with the Lord. Mr. You butcher. You murder it. That would just. Yeah, just this. All were time. You expanded these utterances to include 613 laws that were binding in all Jews. Finally, so that these laws were sins. You better go home and co-share your houses right now on your sinners. Here is your normal cutout to do it. The Lord God, in fact, that's why I don't have time to service any accounts or sell any either because he's busy co-sharing the house. He's co-sharing the world. The Lord God, expected obedience and establish specific punishments for violations of the various laws. See, there's that song again. Billy, you know, to be our theme song. Billy J. Kramer, little children. Only little children would listen to crap like that. He expected obedience. See, that they didn't like it. Oh, yeah. You gotta obey the Lord. You're all going to burden him. How you're going to die someday. I'm going to blow the hands. I've done everything God has ever told me to do. Yeah. These punishments range from monetary fines to the death penalty. God has mercy for the high, high, ever. And he provided means to make a torment to avoid the more severe test-wisements of the law. The Roman Catholic Church in this way of hubris established its own set of commands. The six presets of the church, hubris. Now, there's a handsome, a stinkin' ear to do that. In fact, I think one of the earlier Jewish princes, one of the old Jewish's really princesses. Wait, does he have a lot of cuts by the Roman Catholic Church? She had six presets of the church, just like the God's commandments. They precept of the Roman cult also carry penalties. I love this, the Roman cult. To die without a toning for a violation of one of God's laws is to be danned for all eternity. Damn it. So also, it's with those who die without absolute for breaking one of the RCC's precepts. The RCC, ha ha ha. That's like the RCMP, but that's not like some even like you guys. According to the RCC, the Roman Catholic Church, to commit murders of mortal sin. To commit adultery of mortal sin. To violate one of the precepts of mortal sin. You see? The Catholic Church said itself on a par with God himself, for to break her laws carries the same penalty for break his laws. This is not bringing to mind a kind of loose of her small form grace. How art thou fallen from heaven or loose of her the son of the morning? How art thou cut down the ground which didst wake in the nations? We can waken and waken. Ditched. For thou has said in the nine heart, I will ascend in the heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. That's still good. I will sit also upon the mod of the congregation in the size of the north. I will ascend above the heart, heights of the clouds. I'll be like the most high. That's what George is trying to be. The earth has shouping, brought down a hell to the size of the pit. That's from Isaiah 14, 12, through 15. The Catholic Apologies, man. I see I'm still trying to find out about the me, oh, here we go. Now I still can't find it. About the, and I know what, basically what this is all about is it just made it up as they went a lot. Here you go. Some Catholic Apologies might declare that it was never a sin certainly not a mortal sin. They'd meet on Fridays. After all they might say this was just a church discipline that some overly pious Catholics may have thought was a sin. I really like the forthright man that I know the Catholic theologian and church historian John D. Thee, theos with a suggestion. What if he's a kind of D.D. sharp? John D.D. Thee, they. This is an old argumentative tactic. One of Howard frequently in defensive Catholic strategies to explain the way changed by denying the ancient impact as occurred. It's kind of like a Galileo. He used to be a bad guy, and now he never stole a freight train. The nomale hold up as an accurate insumence, but not so far as the old Friday Appton's rules concern. The Gilmore Society, oh, that's Doug Gilmore. The Gilmore Society's 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia complete with Nehal Oveston, an imprimatur from John Cardinal Farley of New York. Cardinal Farley, hey, five of Farley, and once the definitive source of Catholic information was unequivocal on the application of a stain for meat on Fridays. Text of theology and cataclysms of Christian doctrine indicates that the obligation of a stain from an element one to the commandments of the church. Satisfaction for a sin is an item of primary import in the more order. So, no, because I guess instead you could like, depends on the kind of meat we're talking about. You could do it out sex on Friday or without eating meat. How can you actually have not even go there? Naturally, have absence contributes no small share toward the realization of this, and as a consequence, the law of absence embodies a serious obligation whose transgression objectively considered or nearly involves a mortal sin. All the sinning, all the time, and everything's a sin. If you fart the wrong flavor, it's a sin. Joyce will certainly punish your ass, especially if it gets on a year. The unanimous verdict of theologians, the constant practice of the faithful and the mind of the church, placed as point beyond, C-A-V-I-A-L, I have no idea what that word is. C-A-V-What? No? C-A-V-I-L. C-O-L. C-O-L? Rhymes will get to an end. How can it stand? They who would minimize the character of this obligation to a relegate all transgressions such as originating content to the category of venial sin are an atomatized by Alexander VII. Aha. So there you have it, it's said, yeah, there we have it. Yeah, it is a commandment of the Roman Catholic Church that all Catholic faithful confirmed laws of fasting, F-sense, unless they be guilty of immortal sin. Doesn't say anything in here about macaroni and cheese, or even tuna and a little casserole, which I didn't know bad. You know tuna and a little casserole, if you put it in the oven and you'd like brown and tell us like, you bake it and tell us like a little bit over baked almost bird on top. Oh yeah, oh yeah, good. That is good, that's the best. I think you will go to healthy too much of that. I'm going there anyway, sir. Oh, I know he's going to hell. I'll pack a blood. If there's a hell I guarantee he'll be first online. This tactics. Oh, God. Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is most interesting, you I think religion is my choice. I put in a hole. Religion came in a very strong third the first time we did this full with 20% now it's way down there. Because the religion won't know we chased them all away. But, or maybe we converted everybody. But 534 votes. What a shame, Eric. We could have made a thousand easy today if you wouldn't have been if you wouldn't have been in the below any sandwiches with peanut butter and jelly. I was just joking about that yesterday right all afternoon he was eating below any sandwiches with extra crunchy peanut butter and jelly. Just think about that. Do you think you'll anything more disgusting? Oh, not at the moment out of the need maybe tryp or head cheese. Ooh. Politics 249 they want to hear a lot of bush bashing. Confeding elements? Yeah. Inside radio stuff 84 religion only 47 well too bad I like it. Because nobody is especially in America's got the balls to talk about what crap it is. Got Western Europe they like, oh you people kidding or what? You really believe that garbage? I hate this toll 38 hockey 29. Let's talk about those auto ascendeders. Not that Daniel Alfredson. Food and restaurants 26 has Marty Hamlet. Do you want to see ever coming back? Gaze. 21. Slots in gambling 12. Get that good machine ready. What's been a good machine before I finish with the poor result? So Jacob writes his column about this rosio Donald thing which I wouldn't give her the time of day that that cow. So she's having one of these gay cruises to the Bahamas. See I hate to break the new and he's so they went down there and she stayed on the ship. Other people went out and took a lot of abuse from locals because they hate. They can't stand there. They just have sex. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they were screaming at everybody got off the cruise ship when rosio took him down there. Yeah. Yeah. It's like rubbing their noses in. They don't want you there. Okay bitch they don't want they hate you. They can't stand in the Bahamas mine. It's just not their thing. Not that anybody would want them anyway. Religion 47. I hate this toll 38 hockey 29. Food restaurants 26. Okay. So I think that's the case of 21. Last gambling 12. And so then six only six. See how they sourd to Amsterdam. Health problem six immigration five not that that you wouldn't I wouldn't you think it's South Florida would be really big we did that totally other day. No I voted politics too. No. The track five we don't talk about the tracks of pump and o park when they run a spot. The stock market three never talk about that don't invest any money in that crap remember and reduce think and run and run. Think world com and run. Think dot com. Think good. How about low cost. H fellowship to try to get mostly deal Tom Jewish stuff in die have talked to have a Jewish diet. Have a past it to be candy. And by the way have money professional everybody and happy you both you). Your are here extra eggs. You're really good. In that was it right a lot of people are got these guys. You're going beef I think also chalk with I don't I think about a piece of it more Damascus and mind liner wind. B Spot and welcome tordbs. pretty good and then how see them will go out there and throw a steal my say I should. That's one thing about the jay about like everything. Same thing with the equations, the Protestants and Lutheran State State and Haydich other. Everybody hits the Catholics and they despise everybody who doesn't believe their crap, right? Right. The Methodists, the Presbyterians, the Southern Baptists, they all hate each other. The that Bob Jones crowd, their Southern Baptists, right? Yeah, some kind of Baptist. Think the Catholics are all going to rot and hell and it's just a lot of faith man. It's all about God's love is what it is. God, you have him and you keep it and don't forget tomorrow's Friday, macaroni and cheese, get those elbows, get those damn elbows. I'm fact I'm Schmerz and cheese of my elbows right now. Maybe a little of my knee couldn't hurt. Yeah, I took like a little of us not not big, you know, I like you to like emotional about it, but they're like a little chunk out of my knee cap there. The deed. Oh God, it's missing. It's MIA. That's long gone. Oh, this is like a little hole there. I got a, I'm going to have probably been saying what to show. I got a whole knee. Turn with that. Maybe with less, maybe they maybe they have a priest kissed. You know, it's how they always like about to put something in your mouth. I was just reading that thing before and then of course if it's not that, it's the little wine and the way for an amount. Right. Get on your knees and open your mouth. Take your tongue out. Yeah, there you go. I got something. Yeah, I got something good for you. Close your oven 13 at 5.60 WQA and being outdoors a lot in South Florida. You better get some really comfortable shoes because you do a lot of waltz and around. So the only place to go with them, twisties is brandy shoes and pop at obese. They carry all the top brands in the shoe business floor shine echo the fisto rock port, hush puppies, new balance tons of other name brands and all sizes for man and women. I really mean all sizes, even wide wits and hard to find sizes too. They're right there on the shelf right in the slap on your feet when you do your shoe shopping at Brandy's. They're the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida and when you see this lesson value get a brandy, you'll understand why wave about them all the time and have been three years. Talk to our friend Arnie of Brandy so make sure you get to write penny shoes for your feet because of perfect fit is what it's all above. Brandy's is like those department stores where it takes forever to get weighted on and then when you pick out a style they say, oh you've got to be kidding. We don't have that in your size. The only thing they do do with Brandy's is shoes. So you never have to worry about size selection service and certainly not about price because what it comes to price. Brandy's is unbeatable. You find Brandy's a 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copa throws on the East side. You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day of the week Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5. And this week is a super time to buy essay issues at Brandy's. Be sure and talk about it with at Brandy's. Much, much, much, much, much. Say 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and women's essay styles this week. So be sure to get your ass in the Brandy's this week and save a lot of cash or do your shoe shopping right there on your Fed ass just go online at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 years old. North Korea Radio is like the few more. I was surprised. Priest is ganged and so. Hey. You can get a Jesus. No Charlie. Is you related? That's his brother. Good brother. Jesus. I know thought. Spain is a gay republicist. No, shosh, he is a gay Christian. Charlie Christ is not gay. Now finish your cooling. He's running for something. Oh, the web are chaps closed. Jesus Charlie Christ. This is paid for by Christian for the group of listen. Oh no. It's 1118. Charlie. 1118 at 560 WQM happy Thursday to you. Oh, you know, good intentions here, where is this fact? How many articles have I read about this? I mean, this is this is ancient history. This is more ancient than the stuff about the Romans. I just got to you. Ranting on. And it says bush bashing exclamation like this is going to please me. And what I'll do respect. Scientists doing climate research for the federal government say the Bush administration has made it hard for them to speak for rightly to the public about global warming. The resolve of search of saying is a danger that Americans are keen to fool us to read how the climate is changing. How many stories have I read on a year and how many on our website and last two weeks? About 30 minutes. Right? Right. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Right. That right wing, uh, your ski idiotic, I'd ideologies. Excuse me. 555. I knew we're almost the 666. It's the anti-Christ show. I think I can play that one voice, no, or should I go to the anti-Christ show? No, no. I want my guy to question. My son was watching your program on the Miami, the date was 15. And I don't know if you're some kind of anti-Christ version. Because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool. And he also wants to just as ladies and then solicit on now. I don't know if you're a total 10 or 69 if the anti-Christ channel. I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ. Thank you. And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't stop into the water because it's not your turn. I'm going to invite you to a bag. And you made my son for the anti-Christ. Thank you. And I have a nice day. You're making it for it. Yes, I am. Yeah, and have a nice day to a sweetheart. She's a real, uh, a rocket scientist. Scientists, yes. A real smart lady. I had some stuff out of y'all and I'm going to take thousands of calls that I've just been moved for that. I don't know what it is. I got to hear up my ass. And my knee is a skint. I skint it. And my knee too. And I put another red during a breakup, and I'm going to load a piece of paper towel on her. I'm wasting it and I stuck it on her. And it's got a little red spot. Kind of like that chair we used to have at IOD. Oh, man. Walmart has turned aside a massive letter writing campaign campaign by the American Family Association, urging the retailer to refuse to stock broke back mountain being distributed by universal home entertainment. The group which has successfully campaigned against what it can see to be broadcast in decency. Oh, yeah. The American Family Association lost the campaign last week after ads for the thumb began being displayed prominently in the retail of 3,900 stores. And interview with today's LA Times. Yesterday, the AFA's Randy Sharper accused Walmart of helping to push the gay agenda by trying to normalize homosexuality in society. He ended with how many cops that are going to have to sell to recoup the losses of customers who they've offended when no longer shop at Walmart. But Walmart's spokeswoman replied, the fact that we're offering the movies not endorsement the content of the movie or any specific belief, we simply offer the latest titles that consumers want. How do you like that? All right. Well, I'll ask you a buddy to Walmart. I'm glad that the glam are going after them. Excellent. Maybe they're going to like boycott your ass. You morons. You fool. And speaking of fools, you know, see this is the thing that really cracks me up. Now, LA at Spitzard, the next governor in New York and the next president of the US. LA at Spitzard has gone after a cheap channel and these other pay-old people. And the FCC, of course, he's really pissed off at them because what they've done is the FCC, like every other government agency, all I want is your money. In other words, if you pay them a certain amount of money, they'll just go away and demand how many laws you broke. So clear channel, you know, they're used to it. They have a lot of experience because when they came to all their indesian sea complaints, they just came up with a number of them in infinity. And all here, how's this sound? We'll give you like 8 million. Okay. And then it just dropped everything. So it has nothing to do with even concerned about the public, or protecting the public air waves and this crap. It's just how much money can they hold you up for. That's what it's all about. Am I right? Absolutely. Right. And the latest example, clear channels offer to pay a million dollars as a settlement with the FCC over their ongoing pay-all or pro-vocour to the San Antonio express news. Oh, San Antonio, the New Holland of Marlins. Third channels chief legal officer Andrew Levin told the paper that the radio ownership giant is in talks with the FCC stating, we're willing to pay a reasonable amount to put this matter behind us. A reasonable amount. I think the business would do that too. Eight bucks. Yeah, that's all I got. We want to go back to focusing on our business and not on ancient history, said Mr. Levin or Levin or Levin or whatever his name is. Levin told the newspaper that third channel is fully cooperative with both the FCC and Elliot Spitzer and both pay-all or pro-hosts turning over thousands of documents to investigators. He said, just because we're largest radio company doesn't mean we have the largest violations. Yeah, you do your crux. We have been a model for the industry in terms of trying to put a stop to this practice. Right. Over the weekend, it was reported that third channel CBS radio Citadel Intercom were sent to soon settle with the federal government over pay-all allegations. And then on Monday, Spitzer spoke on an interview criticizing the FCC for making their own deals with radio ownership groups while his criminal case still ongoing. Do you see what he's saying? I'll send it. A leader's announcement agreement on immigration reform. I want to go ahead. There's guilt. This really makes it very important to announcement. And that is the American people are well aware of the challenge that we have today in terms of adding an immigration system that is flat out. Having a bunch of quirks like you and the same as you. Yeah, we're here, you're here at the level of those at the place of the work site and also. By the way, he didn't know he had that. He's got this here. And I told him, over a last year, I said, out a two week plan that has been fulfilled. Talk about 100. Where we would start with a strong border shelter. Kind of a chain. Do you have that out based on the government? Get to it. Under Arlin Spectre's, General Spectre's, General Spectre's, General Spectre's. Build that out with a more comprehensive bill. Special aid enforcement, and grants the financial intervention. And a separate work program that does address the 12 million people who in this country are undocumented. The good news is that because of the hard work of the people who are with me, we've had a huge breakthrough. Which will allow us to, oh my God! In the next several hours that will lead us to the conclusion of passing a very important bill. I'm going to turn to my colleagues, and respect their and their. Well, I'll turn perspective and center candidate to reflect, well, this alternative that has come forward is all about in the implications for the country. You can only be reading about those for the 253 to a million. And there's a little bit of a way to do something. I don't know who would have to say to be. I don't know who would have to say to be more senator reading this here. Senator Frist has accurately characterized the situation as a breakthrough. And the president. They found the bullet on the stretcher by the president. The senator who are here today. Yeah. It's still twisting and turning. The president's and Democrats and the leaders and the ranking member to do. I mean, all of these systems. We have worked through. A great many problems. Starting with the. McCain candidate, Kyle Coranon and the Hague legislation. And I think we produced a good bill. But not a perfect bill. We're incredibly. We haven't been able to have amendments all for to it. So we need some model for. Oh, this is more than I can handle. You want to why people are an interested in politics. Just ponders. But it would be. But it's not like your bell for crisis. But it would all over the place. Just say something. Just went it out. Spinner out. More than five. You old. You silly ass person with your imagine bullet theory. Oh, God. See if we if we just went a threat in the record about to imagine bullets like that. That hit, you know, hit one of them in like twisted and turn and then started hitting a bunch of other people. Then they will fear us. Then they will fear us. Okay. Then they will fear us. Although maybe they ought to fear you. 584 votes. What a shame Eric. Boy, you really stuck it to us, man. You screwed us. Great. Then he called me. Apologize. They sent you a message in the chat room. That's it. Sam. Just. Crest fallen. No. Because I screwed up so bad. And he'll have facts made that for all. Because I knew he wasn't paying any attention to it. And so I kept facts in it. In fact, and at least three times. I think I'm going to call it 300 times. And then finally, when you called up and bitched him out. And surrender really stoves and they could picture. And finally, he said, okay. And then I came back in here from the T-room and there was like magic. 27 past 11 and 56. He said, okay. And we got a guilty again today. Oh my god. Too much guilty. Too much guilty. Pancers have done, okay. I get with it. Somebody go on the hallway and yell. The panters have done or toast. So we got guilty on it. Given us a son of an answer, too. Mad Dog at the Amash is now gusted for. And then Hurley came hotline in seven eight o'clock. Curtis, David says, got two hours tonight eight to ten. And as opposed, what are the old sceds? I'll say, already Schmidt, can't it? No, I'll be there. Or to reach for it. No, I got it. I was opposed to Jesse Agra who's been suspended for a post-Uround in our studio. And then 80 can Vegas 10 o'clock tonight. Has he been suspended? Although he drives like some of the locker, said he's okay. Said he never turns him down. If you think you have termites in your home, you need to call Riddett Peskantrol today for a free termite inspection. Riddett Peskantrol uses an amazing orange or treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact. They're gone right now. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your home either. None that circus routine in your hood. No worrying about poisonous gas. No move out. No hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health. At Riddett, they feature home with this amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean Senate oranges for just a few days. You want to look this ceiling. It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddett Peskantrol right now. And thought out about this amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact. No tending. No BS. No kidding. For free inspection column right now, toll free. 1-800-44-743-48. When you call be sure and tell them that Todd Drek told you to call. They'll drop the phone right on the floor. 1-800-44-743-484. Riddett Peskantrol, one more time for the West Coast and believe me, they got some real pesto over there. 1-800-447-43-48. This is a meal Roger. This is 5-16-16-16. This is... 6! Half lit for 15 minutes is that so much to add. Here it is. The cracks broke coming off a note. With me, scottily falling in her family holds. Can't get off the pipe. Her tear is a riddle and a teeth are rotten. But when these still keep seems and aren't to drop. And when she's hiding the cheese covered with thoughts. Clean by the fire, has pictures of all the Whitney's blood terrible and young. Needle's and stones, must rules. Whitney turns her mansion into a crackdown. It won't be long till she's sold off to rehab a kid. Because there's cracks, hope to come and out her nose. Whitney's got a name all in her family holds. Her baby proud, was with me to start working on her son. She's not crying. And the smell is of... See... She's not going to die. Oh, she's got something heavy to do. Come on, I'll be a facemaking machine if I ever decide to print out. And there's that Kennedy going there talking about immigrants. It's said it would be clean. The problem is they keep making this mistake. They keep referring to these people who are like the... The core of this issue is immigrants. So that immigrants are illegal aliens. That immigrants are illegal aliens. Right. As much as our likes had Kennedy, man, he is so full of it on this deal. That's why it's really depressed. It's been a very clear mental way to have another drink. Here it is. Josh Gurston and the Gurston and the... Oh, how's that? Dick Gurston doing? Joe, he's still dead. How about Joe Gurston? He's still alive. He's still alive. Oh, the rise plain leaked at times. Here what I just said, bush authorized plain leaked at times. Let me tell you, grand jury. Uh huh. In fact, I think now it's an appropriate time to play. A former White House aid under indictment from Struckley League probe, Iowa was a scooter Libby, testified to a grand jury that had given information from a closely guarded national intelligence estimate on Iraq. To New York Times, reported in 2003, with these specific permission of President Bush, a court of a new court filing from the special prosecutor in the case. Let me read that last part again, with these specific permission of President Bush. The court papers from the prosecutor, Patrick Fitzgerald, did not suggest the Mr. Bush violated any law rule. However, the new disclosures could be awkward for the president because it places him for the first time, directly in a chain of events that led to a meeting where prosecutors contend the identity of ACI employee, Valerie Plain was provided to a reporter. Mr. Fitzgerald's inquiry initially focused on the alleged leak which occurred after a former ambassador who had Mrs. Plain's husband Joseph Wilson, wrote the op-ed patient in New York Times questioning the accuracy of statement that Mr. Bush made about a rash nuclear procurement efforts in Africa. No criminal charges have been brought for leak itself. The Mr. Libby wasn't dead in October and charges he obstructed the investigation, purged himself in front of the grand jury, and lied that the eyes into interview them. The court filing the yesterday was funded request for Mr. Libby's attorneys for government records that might have his defense. Mr. Fitzgerald shed new light on Mr. Libby's claims that he was authorized to provide sensitive information at the time as reporter Judith Miller at a meeting on July 8, 2003. The defendant testified that he was specifically authorized in advance of the main to disclose the key judgments of the classified NIE to Miller on that occasion because it was thought that the NIE was pretty definitive against what Ambassador Joe Wilson had said and that the vice president thought it was very important for the key judgments of the NIE to come out. Mr. Libby has said to a testify that at first he may have buffed Mr. Cheney's suggestion to release the information because the estimate was classified. However, according to the vice president, he will aid Mr. Cheney subsequently said he got permission for the release directly from Mr. Bush to find and testify that the vice president later advised him the president to authorize defendant to disclose the relevant portions of the NIE in prosecution and filing said. Mr. Libby told the grand jury he also sought the advice of legal counsel to the vice president, David Addington, who indicated that Mr. Bush's permission to disclose the estimate, amounted to aid deep classification of the document for a new court papers. But I'm all in jail, that's what I say including that phony John McCain. So this compromise, yeah compromise, you phony baloney, man, you talk about airzots. You talk about something or someone who is not even close to a being with what they would like you to think that they are. There he is. So I think compromise. See, and that's why I got puffed up his teeth like that, you do know that, don't you? I do know? Remember, I got it in the jury list? Oh yeah, no, you better watch it. Six hundred and six votes on a poll, but I mixed me with you. It just makes me weak at the knee. It maybe that's the blood, I don't know. Because we could really, we could have been a contender today. We could have kicked some serious big fat, smelly, bloody hairy ass. Do you think? Yeah, whatever. I know Josh is pretty bummed out about it. He's pretty bummed out that Joe came in there and talked to you and didn't talk to him. Didn't he pay out of back and say, hey, you're next man, we'll take care of you. Yeah, that's what he did. Didn't do nothing. I mean, come in, we're in Nurea. Didn't he? He said hi. Yeah, and that was it. Pretty much. You give him the high sign? The high appalli sign. Yeah, the high sign. Six hundred and fourteen votes. See, this is what happens when you got to place run by Graham. Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you, politics 276, nothing even closed. Just ripped those Nazis and ass inside radio stuff 92. And you marked my words when we get back into radio, we'll let you know. And we'll really start leaning on it. Religion only 62. They don't want to hit our religious crap. I hate this poll 42. Tauki's got, Batsurame! Adi here, stop it in nonsense. Food and restaurants 29, gay stuff 23. Jewish stuff 17. What about Jewish gay stuff like Harvey Firestein? You know something? It's just on me. I was taken leap before or maybe it was getting a bandaid. I was in the T-room. Yeah. It's just on me that Joe Bell is kind of like a Goisha Harvey Firestein. I just want to be loved. Is that so bad? So wrong. So wrong. Whatever. Whatever you say. See, you're the expert. I'll never saw that. You can't stand Harvey Firestein. Neither. Espressosm, Polyflika,, CNC, when they pay, a dad talk, no moss and the stock market. He got those Mark Mark, those four or five now. And if I ever start, you know, in fact just said, no, what's his name? Jesse Agre when I had to play some spots in the control of my mom talking about. To kind of like distract the audience. This is Neil Roger, watch solid. This is 5.16. Two, eight. Stop! He's a staff infection. It's none other than Josh Bolton, who collects pictures of presidential hats. You mean John Bolton? Josh Bolton, a guy who has a fetish with presidential hats. I call Bolton. Oh, not Michael Bolton. Josh Bolton. Presidential hand picture collector is here to sing about his collection of presidential hats. For you, he gives hands where the size of the hands of man, cold dirt. It's in grab with his hands made his fingers all sticky. Are you stupid, a budget manager for me? Now all I ask for for double, you have to take your double, you're all so fine. And he made it. Josh Bolton's I love his influence all nine favorites like Chica Hat. Don't get me no heavy downhand. Terry Bord has a slow hand. And I want a picture of your hand. Oh yeah, I have lots of big turns. A present in Joe Pins. And I collect these turns. A present in Joe Pins. Let's cross my office. Of the brand of the Joe Pins. Of the cross my office. This is my hands. Of my bag. It's all this I love hands today. And give a hand. I just give my finger. It's 1143, 17, Galuna, QM. We got Galia to mad dog from the masters at four. And then we got stuff. Hurray cane stuff. Femme to QAM. Hello. QAM. Q. And then nice sound. It is clean. Quiet. 560. 560. 560. And it's ready for a real big four-way call. And of course there are many. These are really the signs of the times man in this place. The signs of the times. Not good. Speaking of the signs of the times gasoline. And having to feed bucks or more. No boy. You better get that 58 bucks back. What do you want for an about? If I was you, I'd go into counting right now. And I would put on somebody's best. You're basing costs me 58 bucks yesterday because I didn't get paid on pay. You know, I'm money in there. And I'm not going to pay the 58 bucks out of my pocket. I'm just some kind of a slipper. Okay. I got a wife and two kids in a dog to support. And payments to make. And you're screwed up my life. That's what I would do. And then of course as you walk to wickedly the mall trucking. That's right. Like that. Shouting. Be behind your back. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. I'm two. Yeah. Yeah. Santa White is 48. No. Check it out. I did. He's 59 and she's 57. I checked it out online. I googled it. Check it again. Yeah. Check this. Santa White is 48. My ass. Just look at those feet. Shit. If you were said 90 that I bought that sooner. Well, why would I want to check it again? Did I make it up to him every day? Yeah. Check it again. I must be checking. Maybe it's a checker. Somebody to A.M. I'm just going to say hello. I love to hear when you talk about personal life. Because we're a lot of the story of work. And we like to hear the people you run into when you're funny stories. That's what I like to hear. Okay. Well, I run over his eyes. I can't. I'm going to talk about the personal life. Because we're a lot of the story of work. And we like to hear the people you run into when you're funny stories. That's what I like to hear. Okay. Well, I run over his eyes. Of course, that's back when I was driving. I don't have no car here. It's like I run over too many people. In fact, there's so polite here that if you run over Canadians, it's a du-oops. Oh, sorry. Sir, I got in your way. Her birthday. You know how old she is? How old is she? That guy was locked closer than the other ones. He's 49. Okay. So where did that other stuff come from? I don't know. We googled it. That's what we were. Yeah, well, somebody gave us some bum information. This one says birthday, February 1857, it would make her 49. So that guy was much closer than I was. Let's find out. No, I got one. You ought to apologize. Yeah, I'm sorry. We ought to find a whole bunch of dates and just average them out. Okay. I mean, I know they got a lot of good makeup. Just like somebody's people been on these soap operas for a hundred years. Oh, by the way, Ross Marl, they couldn't afford to pay him any more on guiding light. And he went to ABC, so now they killed him off in a plane crash. Like Lee's story. I mean, you people are pathetic. I'll let's see, Pat Say Jack biography. Born October 26, 1946. So 54, he, he, I see, I was right on him. He's 59. Okay. So in other words, he didn't change it. I have a feeling that she must have changed her. Because he didn't. She might say she was 57. He was 59. Uh huh. Well, he is 59. Okay. She's all of a sudden she went from 57 like 49. And in this guy's got her 40, pretty sure she's going to be a teenager again. That's a charo that she got her age legally. Charo. Oh, total. Kuchi, Kuchi. I didn't even know you could do that. What? Charo? There she changed her age legally. I can do it. Spring is barely here, but the gasoline prices have already begun climbing toward, perhaps beyond three dollars a gallon for the summer driving season. There's more play than usual anticipation of increased demand for vacation. So they can rip you off and lead you dry. Orally, foreigners are working through major changes to the composition of gasoline and diesel fuel. With cool, all prices already nine dollars a barrel higher than a year ago, because of those ragheads over there in Saudi Arabia. And because we got a Hugo Chavez all peeled and bent out the way. Analyst is expected for something seriously. The Saudis make me so angry. I saw a little bit of the fair and height again last night. And when they showed us in there, in the middle of the movie with the ragheads, you know sitting around. And then there's bush one, you know, shaking the hands. Oh, yeah, my good friend. Yeah, my good friend. Yeah, my good girl out group friends. Uh huh. I just want to vomit when I see that. I just want to go like, right on my expensive Samsung 46 in screen, but I don't do it. God, does it make me sick? And then remember in the movie, then they showed from a distance too. They should have showed a close up. We'd have probably all puked with it like having a public be heading in the re-audent Saudi Arabia. Remember that? Yeah. And they showed that scene from a very far from a long distance shot. And they're like, they just chop the guys head off. And then it goes wrong one way and the body flops the other way. And there's those civilized people of the Saudis. Two Bandy Rackies could be more like them. And it wasn't a clean cut either. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot could a couple of times. Oh, God. In the last month, average gasoline prices in Philadelphia have clients, if we care about them. Climb up about 30 minutes. But 30 minutes. And a sense of gallon or 13% to 260 a gallon. Truppily, mid Atlantic reports and South Jersey, the three day average, was 242. Mark Breaver, Breaver men of Jameson, is noticed the upturn because of the Park to 12 mile a gallon, Lincoln Aviator, and favor was soft nine three convertible, which gets 24 miles to a gallon. If I have a vehicle that gets better mileage and teacanomics, he said, after gasping up, he was gasping it. The federal government reports yesterday that gasoline mentors had declined for the fifth straight week, maintaining upward pressure. And the Maria Barta Romo would say would have heavy bags under her eyes. Maria Barta Romo. There's pressure pressure. I'm maintaining upward pressure on prices. It's going to be another summer of very valuable prices. Well, $3 well within reach for you to bend back well, editor and chief of the oil price information services. Oil price information services, my answer. What is that? Another bogus organization. And a bunch of clounds getting paid. You know, that's probably why we got to pay so much for gas to pay for all these organizations. We'll screw them. And the Pakistan under President's crew then too. We got 600 votes here in this or what? Oh, 651. We got to try to something. I don't know what it is. I think if Josh would win really push, then we didn't still made a thousand. See, you're such a defeatist man. Well, so sorry. No, no, you got to understand. You got other things to worry about. You got to be in a right frame of mind when Joe comes in and says, what times good for you for a little sit down? Yeah. All right. You know, how you responded that? Let me give you a little advice. Okay, please. You're holding up that finger and you say, hey, Joe, sit on this. That'll do it. I recommend your thumb. Hold up your thumb. No, no. That's a little boy. That's Tom Thum who pulled out a plum. At least he said it was a plum. A little deck horded. The sat in the corner eating his chords in way with a little miss muffin. And what is that, curge in way? By the way. And did you Google van a white button? Because I'm going to aggravate it about this. Because I didn't make that up. I have no problem. I watch that show every night. I mean, she, I could take early. She's overrated. She has no boobs at all. None. She don't even have raisin F's. I mean, for nine. I don't even have a bad. Huh? Did you Google it out? What? Data birth. Every way 1857 is the first result that came up. Yeah. Well, that's what I just got from IMDB. And then come off of the better one on that. Because you know these broads, man. He likes to change their age. They like to shuffle it around. He probably found out he got out of the closet that she was like 100 years old. So they changed it again on there. I know I got that right off Google it. Are you finding any other ones? Look at. Well, make up some. 650 equals man. If we got to like 750 by the top of the hour, which of course couldn't happen. But if we did. It's all airs fault. That's what we're going to blame today. It's all airs fault for screwing off yesterday. Freedom of money. Many, many results with February 1857. Told you she's 49. So that guy, because it's already April now. So he wasn't right either. Although he didn't spare me looking up again. Okay. So we can correct that. We don't want to be spread misinformation about van. The send the big apology card to data. Yeah. Send her a big apology for ruining her career. Say, what's the big, let's see. Here's an apology. Yeah, the money she's getting paid to stand there and pretend to be turning letters. And stand there. Ha ha ha. Like that. Oh, God. Can you imagine you worried about 58 bucks? How many Q.A.M. Hello? Papa, could you lend a dime to an old old boy for a cup of coffee on a cap of liquor? How many Q.A.M. Hello? Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? Okay. You know, this oil, the oil price story that you just read there. $3 a gallon. Remember the oil companies did a survey last year. Saying that Americans would accept up to $3 a gallon? Yeah. I think remember you got you reading that story. Yes. Well, you know, one of the main things. Yeah. Like that rocket scientist who figured out that he should drive a sob instead of a suburban, you know. Yeah. But it's the oil companies that have, I read in the Houston Chronicle just a few weeks ago, that the oil companies have reduced their refinery output by 10 to 15 percent. And here's why I read it in the business section. Here's why because of lagging quarterly profits. Was there a claim? How do you like that? That's interesting because I just got through reading about the record profits for all these companies. I think the real reason is that they believe in one thing. Yeah. I think that's funny. Yeah. Exactly. But another thing I have for you in the proof that even a stop clock is right one today, there's a check out the Fred Grim column today. It's about Catherine Harris and her connection to the dominionist preacher that she went to school to Swiss preacher's card. Yeah. She went to that was her mentor, you know, her religious mentor. You read a short story about that a couple weeks ago. But check out the Fred Grim's op-ed column today. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. So we find out a hundred more websites and she's still 49. Aren't you relieved at that? That she's only 49. I could care less. I care how old she is. She's just, she's just like a window dressing and not not good dressing. Like salad dressing. A little, a little... Lots of you. Six hundred and 72 rows. You realize it could easily be like 972 right now. 172, 1272, 1572 could be like a real boost to our ego at a time when we needed so badly. So desperately. What our mismanagement is just flailing and floundering around. Hey, everybody like me at the like me? Maybe if he keeps coming in and they're in the patty on the back of your life. Or maybe if he actually signs that deal with norm, huh? Okay, because I'll tell you one thing, I'll seriously, if you don't talk to St. Encinua, they're making that deal. You're gonna have some real service. You didn't have to eat, folks was bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I'm a Verizon singular wireless line. Just roll a long, singin' a song. George on vacation next week, I'll be on vacation a week after that. And of course, come June, whatever it is, the middle of June there. I'm not a vacation for me. And then we go on at George's three days a week. I only work two days and Thursdays in the summertime to which I say, I sure apologize if you're so bad about that. Yeah, right. You're really guilty about that. If I can dry all of vacation all summer long, I'm not doing my duty. WQA and hello. 3, 2, 3, 2, 1. WQA and hello. Oh, I can't. Oh, it's all of the time, so. This hand-on workshop addressing the problem. The problem is not to sing well, but to sing. It includes an exercise entitled exactly. It's not using a sample information. It's a different approach. That's not a little bit like Joyce to me. WQA and hello. When I saw that crucifix I said hello, who get better? WQA and hello. No. Badlandabler, yes, ma'am. How are you? Good. Good. Listen, I'm cute and first, I got the best of seating and I was wondering how I could be showing you because it's something that's messed up and it's skipping. Are there any left to be able to just change that? Oh, there are a couple left. Yeah, there's a few around them. How did I go about doing that? How did you go about doing that? Did you recognize that? Did you recognize that it came up with a succumbing me idea? You could bring it to the station and get one or something? I said, you guys gonna be around anywhere that I can, you know, meet the van or maybe? Right, that's another department, but how about this put her on hold? We'll get her number. Okay, I'm gonna put you on a hold. Give it to the appropriate parties or have someone contact her. Like either we have one. We'll have a yellow card. We'll have a yellow card. Right here. We'll give you one. Bring it to your house and give you a reason. I'll use it for the trouble. Hello. Did you go out in Canada? Uh-huh. Did you hung up on her? Uh-huh. Did I hang up on her? She'll call back if that's what happened. Well, what was that? What was that? Either you hung up on her or it was a joke. You did. Okay. Five, no, five. Yeah. He saw it happen. That's right. He saw you hanging up on her and pregnant. He didn't see which finger I'm holding on. This is new Roger. Look at the figure. This is by 16, two, three, six. That's... This is Dick Chany. I like to relax. I have a very magnanimous size. My balls while listening to the meteorologist will have to learn how to do it. Okay. Come on. Every child has got one. The next seven million meet up for her runs. A hero of protestals are right. Up until the dawn they say this law is so cool. Our healing codes are spent speaking for it. People they've got a reason for the man. They even called to my school. And then they say, these thoughts make good and of they just sit on. According to you, it's down must. It would change. Through life, if they did, it's a hero. So, screw. And it's not just politicians who are playing the fool. For filled with all this emotion that we can't get through. They take the kind of job that we do not want to do. Give them green cards, make this thing or else shut up about it. I'm a Google in like crazy. It's as Vanuagit just turned 117. Now is that possible? Is that just the propaganda? That's why she's mummified. Is that propaganda? And now I Google a van and I get past Sageiac. Talk about joining us at hip. Anyway, when you get off that, we'll afford you crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, that lady called, you know, don't call again. I mean, see, that's another reason I have to get involved in that stuff. They always defective or where do I do a line? What are we going to be getting? We already had a Zidin in those calls, you know, like, when we're going to get it already, I would have like five minutes ago. That's stuff. You mean that outpouring of appreciation that we always get? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6, that have arrived in a single-rightest line. WQA and order line. Hello. Can you hear us more? It's mostly again. I was strictly an accident. I don't know if it was. I'm going to say something else if I'm I. Go ahead. Okay. Well, actually to George, did you grow up like that just born again? I spent some time, but I didn't grow up that way. Grow up Catholic, but I spent some time being a born again. Oh, okay. That's what we're trying to do. Regular Bible difference from the Christian Bible or the Catholic Bible. The Catholic Bible is different from the King James version of that's what you're asking. Okay, because something pointed out to me, it says in Revelation, and I was just wondering how, you know, if this is true or not. It says, but I testify unto every man that curious in order to the prophecy of this book, is any now mentioned? Oh, what happened? I think I hung up on our own. Oh, no, no, we never remember. We got our number. Good thing you did that before. I went into a coma. 567.0560. Pomp 560 in the Verizon and singing, and I'm going to have to dip back into my pot and pot again. Okay, see these people are definitely going to be terrible. They're getting their muscle ready for next week. Go to Bible.com and it'll list any, why are you telling her that? Any version that you want to hear from her ass? Who cares? Well, see you guys off our ass because she's hung up on her. Oh, she'll be back. Bye, bye, brother. You know what she's going to get to the same response. Okay. I think God purpose of gaining an effective VCD. You can look up any version you. Who cares what it says? Does the King James say this? And the King Edward and King George and the King, I shouldn't have had a who cares? Get with it. Stop for the nonsense. WQAM, hello. Man, that was ponder. That was almost like the... RSS Ponderuses this, yeah. Somebody QAM, hello. Yeah, how do I fix James this VCD? And to those just hanging up on me. What? I think it wasn't an effective guide. It wasn't an effective guide. It wasn't a good guide. Don't call me again. Okay, I don't want to talk to you. Call George at home. Yeah. Send him a picture. Maybe he'll come over and deliver you a new one. I just couldn't deal with that. They'll bring both my body. Try to be very nice. I tried like you. I hit the wrong button the first time disconnected. I'm hit the right button now though. I wanted to put around holes so you could like do nice fire because she helped us out. Never again. Never again with a CD. That's what you need to be to crap out of that. You're fair. Oh, how about this? Email me or hate at nilraders.com. There you go. Help take care of it. I'll take care of it. That's C.O.R.G. That's for me. The Bible story. Don't you see, we like a board again. Were you like board in the first time? We like, uh, did they forget to take away the umbilical cord? The good news is that I'm dead again now. I don't want to hear the good news. I know I know it's from the bad news. Most of it comes from that place. It's a bit of QA and religion class. Hello. He's a grandpa of that. Two am. Hello. How about? Definitely. He rocks in hell. Yes sir. Yes. I'm sorry to hear. I was wondering if you had taken a call regarding the third book. The third book, the first book. The third book. Sir, Brent horses? Yes. I wanted to say it was a good time. I had done it. The new ghost dream. And I don't know if you had an interest. But I just don't know. I mean, terminal, cola and do see man. I'd rather talk to that to brought again about her CD. He had a good time with the new ghost. We didn't sound old enough to go to ghost dream. Gotta be at least 100 and have ID. And B.Y.O.B. Bring your own bag. Although I hear that Gary Pucket and Union gap are going to be entertaining out there in the, uh, out in the parking lot. Not getting paid for it. They just got not else going on. So we're going to be like setting up to where a crap in the parking lot. In a way for me. W to Q a M. Hello. How are you? Pretty good. I just don't even have a crisp brush. Just back and down. You're okay. Good. 560. 560. 560. I totally are going to be good this afternoon. How many times she calls so far? I'm 30. Right. Not to mention that. That's slamer. Uh-huh. What do you say something about crisp, crisp, bushes? I don't think that's what he said. We all love. We know. We're whole bunch here. Dominique, you weigh M. Hello. Okay. So if I call 5 times in a row telling you that the shirt to big, the CD doesn't fit in the slot. Do I get the same kind of treatment? Yes. Unbelievable. People are suffering. I wanted to give you guys an appreciative thanks because, you know, you guys who go through all this work and you're all the song in the dance about. Nobody ever calls and everybody's with the stupid answers of the CD's scratch. And do you have a phone and meet him in a line? I appreciate it. I bought it for a couple of years. Well, we appreciate the fact that you have to sound because believe you. This is the most embarrassing, the worst thing I've ever been involved in my life. You know, we've been doing this for years on different stations. And this thing is just the generated to a point where it's, well, what's the point? Yeah. Nobody cares. Nobody's saying that. I don't download it off the internet all over the place. I spent a lot of time. I'm afraid it is. Of course, that's why it just reached a certain point in the subs. Because they're all like grabbing it up for free. Yeah. Yeah. Look. Alright, have a good afternoon. Thanks a lot, Pally. Appreciate it. See, there's a good guy. Yeah. He didn't have to call it. And he knows it's out there for free. You're going to stolen it. But that's, I told you that. That's why I want to be part of this thing. And you and your buddy McGill. Oh, no, it's going to be great. You'll say, right. That's what we said. Now, wasn't either one of you. Was that, uh, you fair. You know, she don't come around no more. Was she in there this morning? No. No. And rightfully so. Boy, you see, the whole, the whole place is just everything's upside down. People want to be in programming. They're in sales. People who ought to be in sales. Who should not be in sales. Who ought to be out on the street panhandling. There are sales department. People want to be in the circus. They're like in management. You know, people ought to be like playing bozo to clown. Hey, Pally. That's what I'm going to go. Alright. Seriously, seriously. I've been in this business a hundred years. I have never worked for a clown before. Oh, I don't know about that. No, I'm talking about a real clown. Although I will say, I don't know about a terrible in the red nose. That's exactly what I was thinking about. I think about Greg Weedon that red nose. Oh, and of course, my Disney had a red nose. I was in a different kind of red nose. Yeah. What a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, a lump. A human lump, Disney. The IOD days, but that was really something. And we're him puking in a waste basket all that. Real, real lose. That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah. F we're a F we're a genius. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I wonder if he had a good time on same patties. I did the call. You have to invite to lunch. No, he didn't. Maybe Cheryl will invite you to lunch and she can give you her Yens of routine again. Hey, hey, don't you want to talk to the princess. We've had so many princesses. The goddess in the princess. W Q A M. Hello. Hi. The city is wonderful, but I just can't hear it. And I was, I wasn't quoting about it. I would agree with you. Who is this? Is this you again? I was agreeing with you. Is this you again? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Comduer house and give you $1,000 in cash. George. And I have no idea why. gets weakened in the knees when he hears a female voice. Therefore he went along and gave it to email address, email him. He will personally take care of it to see kids we've placed, but no, she keeps calling and calling and calling. And calling. And by the way, here's another, I Bernie gets with say, there's another one for you. No extra charge. Whatever is that, look at that. McKinney will vote in favor of the resolution honoring the capital police. Did that lovely? That's to try to make up for it. Oh, and I regret its escalation and I apologize. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, gentlemen for my always recognized. But just speaker. Oh boy. And now Mrs. Limbo comes on. All breathless. Oh, yeah. Oh, I can't. What the? She apologized because they didn't want to hurt the throne or ass and jail or something. For, not for a hit in the capital for bad haircut. 724, you know, we actually still got a shot. So I should be with softest Warren so much about yourself. And what you're going to get 15 bucks an hour. You'd be lucky to get 15 cent an hour and that's you. I. You got to lean on these people. 731, we could still do it in spite of Eric. It's it seems like, you know, and not that I'm paranoid. You understand, but seems like they're after us from every angle, every direction, even these right answer to calling on my knee where I got the skin. Oh, yeah. 731. That's the thing we do it. We could. Especially if you're girlfriend calls back at least two three more times. Tell me Q a m hello. Neil, I'll take Daniel every time. W Q a m hello. Q a m hello. Hey, you know, okay. Hey, I wanted to talk about either of the other George, I seem to move you with a bleep that we know. Chatted connect the physics of spirits, reality and science. And what they think they're taking a new, maybe a new factory was so called non-homal men their fascination with she males. I need to get that. That's a lot of material to go. Yeah. I'll say, well, right, right all those that. See what Neil and George think about. He made you back. We'll think about those. Five six seven. I think he's talking about chicks with. Right. Six five six seven. Oh, five six. The pound five six. The Levi's in singular wireless line. W to Q a m hello. Two a m. So come in. Somebody Q a m hello. Q a m. Um, can I get George as email address because he's telling us to keep the radio off so I did. I just want to make an announcement, okay. Thank God. The fewer deemings I have with women in my life. I mean, my mother is almost two years now that she sleeps with the fish as, you know, she took at least ten years off my life. The greatest stretch and mood in the history of mankind. Her her she just could have had one good B m. Now I got her out of the way and now I got to put up with this. I come is a rate. I really do. I really come is a rate with all of you heterosexual men feel our pain. That's just a prayerful price that you have to pay for little action. I do mean little usually. Permanice pass noted five sixty W Q a m what if everything you thought you knew about your home equity turned out not to be true. What if the most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt and traditional retirement planning we're not giving you the best chance for a success tonight. The financial education institutions conducting a free seminar for South Florida homeowners entitled Common Sense Strategies for a successful equity management. Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time? Or maybe increase your spendable retirement income by 50 percent without increasing your current budget today. Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect your supplemented planning real estate market? South Florida homeowners are invited to attend this seminar tonight at 630 at the Holiday and Boit and Beach free a charge thanks to paradigm well strategies visit them online at fdi dashboard.com or call right now to reserve your seat we are spot nine five four three eight nine eighty five seventy five. Don't forget tonight six thirty holiday and Boit and Beach call nine five four three eight nine eighty five seventy five. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. Thank you. Goldberg. We'd be wanting seven to ten. Hey, Madeline. They kicked the last night. I'm not sure to make you eat your word for the team. Yeah, you know I got some for you to eat jack-off. I'll send you a dollar for every game over 70 that the Marlins win and you send me 50 for every game under we'll see what kind of a guy you are okay? You want for that stupid eat my words eat this dope. DAY I CAR email number stock of diverse. off a distance that you me I get a And knowing they deserve me For the help of Presley, do our drain and to see She was the crazy things that never covered She even had one of the father brothers My best year, we paid it in practically cash You don't want to be in the way for other rounds, Dad One year is far from enough And the two of us together shall Corner of the rest, we have to have better odds People have a lot of hard times to cry And things that are left you pay some interest You see, they've been bothered quite nicely You've been trying to make it really busy Even made some time for war and baby For a while, days are over since 2 o'clock We're giving preserals and preserals and preserals They've always been like, what results of our last Because they got married to Mr. Other round that Oh, hey, what do I need to do? I just waited for that last ending there Thanks for the second part of that guy's question I think it's like guys who are in the big boobs It's the same thing And people are attracted to gigantic organs They don't care what they're attached to So I'll see the board and call How do I want to say? No Well, he would 1217 at 560WQM Maybe we can get that nice lady on again 4 or 5 more times before a tour clock We'll go to hunting Maybe she can talk to Guilty a little bit I beg your pardon Don't turn to her I know it's an invitation Come on, let's see if you can do it I'm sure she can Because she didn't write through over and over again And if she does, you know, it's said to pick I like delivered to the house You know, deliver this 560560 Pound 560 Levi-Rizden, Siggular Ritalis lines WCWM, CD repair line, hello Hey, I know how you doing Okay Good to see you Good to hear from you That's fine I'm going to see you too as easy and pace off You know, getting into that stadium The stadium situation The Yankees will not down Yankees stadium and build the new stadium Yeah, we're on the island Well, the island is the island is going to pay for it Yeah, oh wow I'll sky, sky, sky, sky, and let's leave Okay, good luck to you Whatever you said I'm going to send a sendle trick of polonies This is more than you're doing that it was the incident And time flies And Marla's have lost a lot of fans You've faced a lot of people off and chased them I'm pretty sure it's a smallning sun-settle I'm going to take a few canter right now As a matter of fact, if that thing pops up But their website gives you real Don't go on a sunset or website You'll get some horrible disease if you do You'll get very, very, very sick Oh, there it is Let's see if that pull Oh, if you've been shoot two killing one And migrants smuggling attempt near Pinar del Rio The Cuban Coast Guard shot two suspected migrants smugglers The United States killing one When they, uh, they have a third man refused orders to halt their speedboat As it knew the island That sentence handed down in stopping murder of Hollywood retiree Gabby tennis was sentenced to death on today For the stopping murder of 91 year old disabled war veteran It's Hollywood home Good Now let's see, where's that pull about the Marla's You got it? Nah, they took it off already They changed it Yeah, they were a second wind as well They were doing taking it really bad news A lot of people, of course, whole bunch of people They care about it in the first place Like me A lot of people ain't going no more They're kind of waiting on the games If they're just going to stop going all together You can't put it on, oh, they scored a lot of runs out there And that's serious big deal They still lost two out of three games And everybody in the brothers sin They're going to lose out of the games as you Is that what they scuttled about is, yeah That's what they're saying That's what they're all saying Because the public has had the carpet pull the flying carpet Pulled out from them too many times already And you know how they air of street kids pissed off And you pull the flying carpet out from out of their feet Just when they're about to like bend over and sniff the guy in the back of them I just don't know how they do that, yeah All the real religious men and not so you just watch them what they're doing And you just think, what is this? How could anybody keep being convinced to do such cranks? That's what God wants you to do, they always have what it is What about Allah? Him too WM, hello WM, hello We're rolling it, show it back in WQOM, hello Keep it for more than mumble music 567, 560, it's CLQ's music, cut the crap Mumble my ass I think that's the name of it WQOM, hello Do you think what is this? Count to the anti-plastic QOM QOM QOM QOM QOM WQOM, hello All of it No way to charge All right And our last one, WQOM, hello WM, hello WM, hello He's huge 560, 506, he's gonna come back to my pile, okay? I thought this might work today, but it ain't gonna happen Really, what do you think that? Well, why not? It's April 6, oh, is that one? It's just this era of a piece of it And it's getting close to Easter Sunday And the good Friday and bad Friday And ask Wednesday and all these things You'll see, give a little faith WQOM, hello Yeah, how are you doing? All right All right, listen I've been listening to you in an hour in the college Did you mention the fact that what's his name? Jesus Oh, I didn't see you, yeah You doing? Who is it? The G-Pill-Pill-Pill That was yesterday, we mentioned the diet, yes, it was all we left I just saw the day in the favor, okay? You know, you got the manual, you'd be on top of the tower, without feeding And that was him, that's the softwater theme song, you got it You got it, okay? Okay, take a bypass, old news Oh, do you see that team pity thing? He died over the last weekend for Christ's six years He's already, we got two slides to start it today Seven hundred and six people, I would play all kinds of team pitting Music yesterday, we talked about him I talked about how bizarre I look in guy he was And we'll find this play there, he'll Another countout pitting man is dead, he's still there He was 65, and he just died He went to bed one night, and we guess what? You got it, you got it, you got it You're talking about it Seven sixties, we can get to like eight fifty by the top of the hour we could do a judge Eight fifty by one o'clock I think we're going to do it Yeah, I think you're full of crap Well, here's a finger for you Well thanks, you've toured They took that pool on a marlin thing, offered it a sense of, well hey there Oh, they're so slippery, really slippery Seven sixty three of all the things we taught another, it should be no problem on here, you know? Just make one up, or just say I hate this pool, that's the one most of them Do anyway, stock market, once the last time I met anything about the stock market He said, I avoided all cause, right? I don't remember the first time No, no, I was the required one, we sure were thinking of, what could it did for them? I'll quit it for work and your buddy's son I don't know Come on, you can't do a m, hello If he has his own TV show called Teacher.nb See, yeah Yeah, what's the end of the scaling we view on yesterday But he started real fast to get it on the air And guess what? He didn't Not that we really care Yeah, got a guy I remember the whole thing is scaling that view Are you sure, I feel happy with you? He's got his own TV show about that That's his own TV show No, he's one of the modern, he thinks this is his own Cause they couldn't shut him up at the interview He's screaming Oh brother There was screaming But there's a guy who's a guy who's like the fact that he said that We were like, what the hell? The fastest way they talk to the whole My buddy, I got this for his too bad We can't say the A whole war Because I just, it's very sad So many and so little time Got any QAM? Yes sir Did you read on the air The article that did the study on whether prayer How happy the program? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah We did that last week Yeah Yeah We're not exact the wind Yeah And I just like the fact that there's conclusion I mean if you want to throw out the fact that there's no back Cause I know the church he's on here The only other conclusion is that there's only here there's a whining Yeah, I'm not saying you want to tell me I'll pray for you Okay, now I think that back, I'll pray for us I'll pray for us because when you work at QAM You haven't got a prayer, at least not no mole No mole Well, we sure wish we had him back Even just for comic relief WQAM, hello I'm asking for on that WQAM, hello Neil, please Speaking Hey Neil, how are you today? Good Neil, I'm on a roof I'm in the roofing business And I'm listening to you at the same time That makes me doubly high and doubly good And doubly wonderful Don't jump, man So I'm on these cause I can do it, don't jump I'm not going to jump, I have fallen twice But that's okay because I'm on it Hey, all right? I get up and I walk away from it Right, that's the way to do it But I want to thank you for everything We listen to you all the time You're the great one I'm going to try that on my balcony I'll hear him on the night floor I'm going to give it a shot right now I'm going to try that on my balcony He's stay well I'll just brush it off Okay, thanks, Pally All right Stay high He's up there high, man And judge him really to it I'm going to start doing a lot of drugs I think, well, what other cigars do I get here by the way I don't even know's up now for quite some time But a nice soapy would be very relaxing Huh? That's good for bread That's your good buddy, bread, schmuck, a schmandric man Bread up and high Oh yes, you've been meeting me yet I'm going to rip me on here You're an idiot, you're an idiot And you and Fatboy And what do they got together So soon, man I'm actually making purgatory those two Fatboy's probably using them as a seat cushion Ha ha ha ha Oh god You think we can do it? Get that thousand out of here We'll stay on till we do Nobody wants to hear a girl the anyway Hey Ah 770 If we can get to 800 by the bottom of the hour Ha ha ha Well, it's only 1226 We got 770 too We'll give it our best shot Okay, I think we'll stay until we get a thousand votes And until that lady calls back to you for more times, you know CD repair lady It's schmuck It's wonderful, but it's schmuck to call, okay See if she would have shut up An additional which I mean, stop to think about this You gave the You gave the after long after she used hung up the last time You gave the email address again And she still cleansed she's got the radio down See I don't I don't tell you to turn the radio down and keep it down See Silly person Everybody there's a contact all the contact information name and number and address Right there on the website Custom and whatever this if you've got a problem there you go Go on to website, okay, look it up But that's okay, well do a little research Okay, no, you won't don't do dare do it I'll mess up that deal on Monday for you if you do it All right, I'll wait to see the picture Yeah, picture my ass He said something to it for me Picture my ass, they need you I don't want you to go Then you've got to put it all you need The 24th and past noon If that didn't work up a healthy appetite, the email coastal do it The email coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is randomized A Gat restaurant review and believe me they know their stuff And right now at the email coast every Friday through Sunday night You can enjoy lobster, but I'm going to take nothing but calls every day from now I'll just take a lot of stupid ass calls I'm serious, is there any other action sets of the idea? As long as he don't have to screen him All he got to mention Josh is going to be screening him Pop the deal with ladies like that Hey, you like dealing with ladies, that's what I do Or you don't know, I just said I do And I pronounce you now without a country Just give Joe Belly a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit Just give Joe Belly a that high sign for me next time he comes and he goes Hey Joe, here you go, and he has a message for us his name it's Anthony Skellyad Isle That's what he comes in, give a little bit of a ol' shade music Now where you Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster Face featuring main lobster served thermistor style And if you're not into scrapface with less can no crap Leeks Dungeon of Scraps and Jonah Stone faster And Jonah Stone crabs The menu is still includes fresh oysters on a half cell And a sushi bar with over 30 Hot tournament Different items, count him one by one The Amal Coast is also serving delicious juicy New York steaks, cooked just the way you love him, handcar primary benzards and other lights as well. And on the weekends for dessert leave room for the Amal Coast, 40 inch chocolate fountain gotoly nose where you can stick an ad baby. Hand if your own strawberries marshmallows all these fantastic, thick and fruits. Check out their new adicane sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to Taki, over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more staring right back at your ass. The Amal Coast will treat the locations to serve you there in sunrise, sunny hours, beach and pepper pines, reservations suggested. Call the Amal Coast and really pick out this weekend, why the hell not? World's gonna come to an end someday anyhow. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822. 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822 for the award winning to one of the only, the three in the only Amal Coast Chinese buffet. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16. My junior, honey. This is Tady Kurt from the today show. When you see me every morning with my hair so shiny and bouncy, you may wonder, gee, Katie, how do you keep your hair so soft, manageable and sexy? My sacred, clear-alls new Olympic pigeon poo shampoo. Every morning I drop a 45-dollar pigeon poo on top of my head. The sausage in and rest. So if you watched overpaid, egotistical talking has an intelligent, just like me. And wanted to look as beautiful as we are, while your first step is to put a nice big glob of pigeon poo right here in your hair. See it? See how it's taste up in the pot? And now run and run, sound, my scalp. Take a look, America. I'll bet you're feeling more beautiful already. Join me. Won't you? It's clear-alls new Olympic pigeon poo shampoo. Just part of our new lot of sand poo. Also featuring Larry Bird poo shampoo for men and Big Bird poo shampoo for kids. Now let's see what a joy say about that pigeon-excuser activity or something in there, about it, wasn't it? I think she said I wouldn't poo on the best part of you, something like that. So what I heard? 12-34-56-CWQM, I'm mom inspired to there, really, and this is the... Huh? Are you? I am. You're not? I do. To do what? If you're on the one, we got a deal going for you. Thanks to me and Norma Kent. Thank you. Trying to pay the webbress. I'm trying to take care of my people. The fact that they won't pay attention to John, she had. But I'll start to alter her hissy fit next week. Tusslecory's trash is going to be in a stronger position because he's going to be sitting in your chair. That's right. And he might leave some real nasty stains if they don't take care of his eyes. I think it's hot turkey. Right. 788, that's not so great, but that's Eric's fault. I know that's Eric. He's got some horse pull on there already. See, that's how he tries to make up for our school and up yesterday. But I've been really on top of it today, you know? Too late, Eric. Guess what? Go to it again. Paul and L.A. says, No, no, don't do these things. Stop! I finally ordered my t-shirt and CV last night. Many thanks to you in George, Josh and McGill for helping the animals and giving us tons of less. I'm enjoying these citrillating calls today. Please keep up the bedtime stories. Oh, yeah. PS luckily, I'm visiting in July so I can come down and exchange my CV if I have any problems. Oh, there won't be any bad July. We're taking off that month. Where's the drop of the female thing? How old is your take going to the break from? What? I think he's talking about the guilty drops your plates today. Yeah, that's female. That's what that is. And then there's always... Yeah. Let's go, the new one is on version of gay. That. I always thought about gay. Get a new radio call, get a new computer or something. So he have forked out somebody. He'll probably get defective one too. So that should teach you right there. It won't be buying that merchandise because it's defective. I'm the defective detective. Like Colombo. 788. It's not... it's not moving man. We got to get to that 800 real fast and then move up from there. Fast. 790. See what I'm saying? 790. Oh. Of all the things that Neil talks about, what is the most interesting to you politics 248? Yeah. Inside radio stuff, 107. God, where we should get back into business. Religion 80. I hate this 456 Jewish stuff 44. Food and restaurants 35. Hockey 21. 31. Gay stuff. I like that. About 30. About 30 man. Yes. Slides in gambling 17. Then we draw the line immigration 10. No more with this illegal alien crap. Amsterdam 9. Health problems 8. The track 8. Oh yeah. That guy called from Gelsby before. He said that woman was boring. A guy talked for and a stock market 3. Throbred racing my ass. Like China dollars. They go out there. They're now on the race track. 4th of an post parade. They're like barely even moving. They're walking and they've got to have the lead pony. Everyone because they're so fragile. They're like freak out and just go nuts. And then when they go to the Lord of the starting gate, it goes on and get them in there already. Wait until let's get the thing going here for crying out loud. Even a week and a half an hour in between races. And they still can't get them in a damn starting gate. Throbred racing sucks. They're so boring. Now you never been to the end of the year. And then they're going to the flat. Talking to me or either one of you. I've been to each one once. We've been through this. The all. Gulfstream. Caller. How about a hockey game? Half a load. In a several hot show. I'm going to park it. Been to several hockey games. Three and a half. Three tickets of course. Oh okay. I'm going Sunday. You're going Sunday or what? To the Panther. And the lightning's happened. That could be a big game all the way down. A panther's a dead as a door. They're done. But so there's no pressure. That's good. Why are you going on Sunday? You get free tickets? Of course I do. And then once the other reason is going to be an ulterior motive. There's some family in town. We go to the Panther game. Yeah. That's a good way to kill a day and get their ass out of the way. That's good. Any time those pin the ass roll those come in. Take them to some ball games. Hockey games. There's something. Kill a few hours. Then they get their ass out of their quick. And then they answer. Oh well guess what. We're staying for 12 days. That's what you think. And then the neighbor across the street comes over and starts giving religious tracks leaving him on the doorstep. 560. At least you don't have a brother called Coca-Cola classic anyway. 560 and a variety of insiguted writers lines. Oh god. WQAM. Hello. That's one of our better ones. QAM. Hello. Yeah. Meal. See the repair line. Yes. Is the garage a show? Speaking. Yes. Yeah. No. This is Wayne from Gearfield Beach. Hey. Hey. Congratulations. On your 30 years. On the radio. I have enjoyed your program. I also want to call and tell you about the green field pasta. I really enjoyed it. I'm not a diabetic but I really enjoyed it. You don't have to be diabetic or Jewish to enjoy green field pasta. Yeah. I know that. Also. I. I. We have a couple of my diabetic friends. I'm going to be a diabetic. And all of us want to thank you for letting us know about this great product. Excellent. Keep up the good work. Okay. Thanks. Wayne. But that sounded like a commercial to me. That sounds like you're doing. Boy, look at all the money. You're going to be a good product. Yeah. Hey. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. When you were in about 58 bucks. Have you got that big check coming from in for a minute? At least some pasta. Oh, you did get your pasta which you paid for. Yes. I did. You're a case. I did. I got a case. I'm thinking of making them elbows. Making that macaroni. See, I didn't realize the guy that called me with it. That's a good point. Is that they now sell in the sauce section. Feel like a little sauce. They sell like probably. I don't know. She's a little. She's with. I have season of jar. It's a good way to scrap it. Jesus Christ. So us. I don't think I've ever seen that. Have you seen it? What? T-sauce? T-sauce in a jar. Yeah. You have. Oh, it's in the Alfredo cheese. Alfredo sauce. It's not talking about that. Alfredo sauce is not the cheese. It's got cheese in it. Right. The cream. But they're not talking about that. That's not the kind of sauce. I'm sure they do me. I'm sure the macaroni is. You got like Villvita. Right. Melted. Just melt it in a little scrap product. What? I didn't say I like it. Villvita. I'm just talking about when you're horny for that kind of like really a nasty stuff. Twenty-two ones. I don't want to keep taking calls. Let's not do any more breaks. Of course, with this new sales of Bram, I think we got to worry about that too much. You know what I'm saying? Ha ha ha ha. We got we got we got the clown and the and the yahu man. Got a couple of clowns. These games are real. Now, this he like go go go fall when he's in that because I can't really see him Christian. You go push on and go fall when he says stuff for just slack and stuff on the side of him. He hasn't noticed, but I'll make it a per- Yeah, well, much of the next time when it comes in there feeding me a line of crap. Let me look at my knee. Oh, look at that. The bleeding is just about stopped. They'll take her as I skin to this. And I need to rush this. This is five, sixteen, two, five. Howard David's a bitch. Having a bladder control problem is that enough. What makes it worse is the constant worrying. The worry that your problem is it's obvious that you've announced such a war. Hey everybody, is this like working? Yeah, I got a bladder problem. It's not obvious. Oh, no. The radioactive bladder is a real medical condition. No crap. I thought fucking all of her myself was just a cool homie. Just kidding. Detail our way. Help keeping an overactive bladder clean. Oh, speaking about all these religious men. Look at this just in. I'm trying to put it out, but if it's in the sense, it'll probably won't print. Oh, it will eventually, but they'll show it to you over by then. Oh, ancient manuscript may shed light. I relationship between Jesus and Judas. Oh, no. You think Jesus was Judas? An ancient manuscript read discovered after 17 hundred years may shed new light on the relationship between Jesus and Judas to disciple of betrayed him. Remember Judas, he was kind of like Joe Bell. Rather than the traitor, his Judas is portrayed in the new testament. This document, the gospel of Judas, indicates the act of the request of Jesus to help him shed his earthly body. See, he was just helping none of the whole thing go on. That's all. I mean, this was the plan, right? Was this God's plan? That was the plan. Well, he was just being the facilitator, man. And you're picking on poor Judas. Let a vigorous debate on the significance of this fascinating ancient text begin. The Reverend Donald Senior, President of the Catholic Theological Union of Chicago, say today. I wonder if he's kidding Joe Mar Sr. Senior, or maybe a to a Sandra Fisher. Senior expressed out that the new gospel will arrive a little bit less. And the opinions are likely a different on it. The text helps you to the diversity of beliefs and early Christianity, and in Marvin Meyer, I wonder if he's kind of Oscar. Marvin Meyer, Professor of Bible Studies at Chapin University, Lawrence, California. What if he's kind of Chuck Meyer? Oh, it was Thoner's man. Those interviews with the best. What a show. A lot of work went into that show. Elaine Pagos, a professor of religion at Princeton University, commented that the people who loved circulated and wrote down these gospels didn't think that they were her heretics. See, we just kept the story. They just kept changing them and making them the paparist manuscript, papyrus. You've already read on papyrus, onion skin. Just this Lord of God. Probably written around 300 AD and Coptic script. Is the copy of an earlier Greek manuscript, said Terry Garcia of the National Geographic Society, who made the manuscript cubic. He's discovered in the desert in Egypt in 1970s, and he's been authenticated by carbon dating and studied and translated by biblical scholars, but to get keys. Unlike the foregostles of the Bible, the latest text indicates that Judas betrayed Jesus and Jesus' request. The text begins the secret account of the revelation that Jesus spoke in conversation with Judas is scarier. Schwartz. The key passage comes when Judas tells Jesus, Judas, you will exceed all of them for a little sacrifice to man that clothe me. What? This indicates that Judas would have lived right these spiritual self by helping Jesus give it of his physical flesh. Sounds like a bunch of crazy people to me. Sounds like a bunch of Bible Nices to me. Talked about crazy people. Oh man, wait a year, this. Oh my God, you thought that the last FCC chairman was bad. Woo! In a message that undoubtedly warmed the hearts of large media concerns such as Tribune Company, GAN at Company and Media General, and Chief Channel and all the others. FCC Commission Chairman Kevin Martin delivered a sharp critique of regulations for letting newspaper publishers from owning TV stations in the same markets and pleaded with other publishers to lobby more vigorously for its repeal at age reports today. Mr. Martin of Republican who replaced the crazy Michael Powell as Chairman last March was already on American as an opponent of the cross ownership rule. How about cross dressing? He's a sounds a little bit. But the sharp line which he used today suggests it's demise of released the latest course for maybe imminent. Imminent. And now what we're talking about illegal immanence? In comments to the newspaper association of American Amsterdam, Mr. Martin, the ride of the 26 year old rule as an outdated product of narrow pre. See this is right because now we can have like fox can all the newspapers and all TV stations. They can all be ultra right-wings, but I don't keep it simple. Can you keep the old woman off the year? Lou Dobbs? Yeah, I'm sure you have because you're watching Lou Dobbs. No, I was out apologize for that, but you know, if there's anybody more pedantic or more embarrassing than Wolf Blitzkrieg on here, I can't imagine that. Oh, yeah, before and after. In that situation room with Wolf Blitzkrieg and now we're going to go to Jack Cavity. I mean, here's Jack Cavity who's just ripping everybody and asking for a sense of humor and really sarcastic and you know, and we go back to Wolf All-Thank. Well, be back at the 7 o'clock in the situation room and thank you for being with us here in the situation room. Jesus God. Oh, you people, if you pay any attention to media, they'll put you in a rubber room pretty so I'm telling you, no wonder nobody watches the freaking news. I don't blame you. I rather watch that surfboarding movie with Engel Hershey again. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not all in trouble with him anymore. He's got issues. What do you do to you? Nothing yet. He's got issues. Eight hundred and twenty four votes. Oh, we're going to do a Josh and what a Josh is going to get him a fat nude deal. This is the whole whole thing is hinging and if we can get to a thousand votes, George and Josh's new deals even if the R.S. are new deal like these guys are gunning for. They're gunning for it. If we can get to thousand votes, I think you guys are in. If not, you're screwed. Eight twenty four. I mean, we'll have like probably at least a 50 by the top of the hour. We can do it. We can do it. You folks can do it. Hop on that baby. Punch it. Bang it. Squeeze it. You can do it. Right. Vote over and over again. I mean, just like that broad that call, how many times you call? About thirty men. To a CD repair. Five six seven. Oh, fire. That call about the apostas. It's very suspicious to me. W.Q.A.M. Hello. The mail this. Jesus. The Judas story. Isn't that the first case then of. The first case of a. The first case of a. The first case of a. I said, yeah, Dr. Jack will be very proud. Good. Yeah. That's not that Terry Shilers thing. Good thinking. Maybe he disconnected Jesus. He. That could have been him. That's right. I want to. What are we. If I asked Governor Wood about that, thank God. Thank the Lord that he wasn't around them. Because Jesus may never have been able to save mankind and have solved you from all your sins. Right. The game is only be gotten son so that. Go ahead and make a big business. And that what it says the Bible. That's what it says. It's only be gotten son as opposed to a foregone. You know that the kid that's making the big. Simis about so the first thing that it was kill the father just shoot him right on TV. That's the first thing. Right. And then the mother I'm wondering what else you was thinking about. Right. You know the kids spent a lot of time locked in his bedroom, which I'm sure he's not the only one doing for him. So she probably had somebody to do what he was doing in there. She just realized there were a lot of people watching. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, six in the Verizon singular wireless line. It's just the idea that everybody should be making babies. That's another just lunacy of this planet that we live on. Not everybody's a parent. You know what I'm saying? Apparently. Yeah. I believe me. I know. Oh, it's a experience. Oh, do I ever know? And you know. I mean, I'm glad to be here. But all brother. You know what they're saying? Pick your nose, you can pick your seat, but you can't pick your parents. Amen. WQAM, hello. I'm only calling to get your digital as it's failing. Could I please harm him? No. No. No. No. Huh? You are Lady Vetch. KVETCH. Look up in the Unistictionary. TRECH. What I'm saying is she inspired me. I'm into these calls now. And we have everyone all these years. I have never been to say we have a winner. I don't know what the contest says, but we have to do with it. She whatever, whatever. You name it. You pick it. Like I said before, you pick it. She's the winner. TRECH. TRECH at the century. And it's the one of course it's early in the century. Friendship of a lifetime. Maybe she'd like to be with Jack Bailey on Queen for a day. WQAM CV Repairline, hello. That was Tommy. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello. We're talking to you. Speaking. Neil. Just came on a news where I don't know if you heard about it, but looks like Bush, okay, the leak. Railway playing case. I had that on an hour ago, sir. I'm sorry. I'm behind the time. I'm behind the time. Keep it with it. Get with it. Get with it. Get with it. Get with it. Get with it. Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. See what I thought. I love these calls, man. I love this place, right? I love them. Find out. And I'm putting these stories away. I got a whole pile of stuff. Screw. I'll save it for tomorrow. I'll save it for my niana. Or maybe some other day for rainy day. Is it raining? No. Not raining in here. Back here. It's going to be a little on a toasty side. It is warming up pretty slow up north these days. It's going to be 56 today. Ooh. And now that's not bad, right? Right. For the 6th of April, not too bad. Now what does she want? 836 votes on the pool. We definitely. We're going to get to like 850 by the top of the hour. They're like putting the overdrive now. This crowd there. They're there leaning on it, man. They are leaning on it. Yeah. Let's give our Georgia's home address on here. They have some like visitors. Sure. The agger and tea don't bring in that 58 bucks. I'm going to give 58 people to kind of Georgia's house and drop a dollar bill right there on the front. I do. They'll come key the car. That's what they have to the hurricane already did plenty day. WQAM. Hello. I was wondering if you know a new idea about this. I saw on the TV. I don't work. I didn't get to see the whole story. But there was like a bunch of these against orthodox Jews. Riding somewhere. Did you do that? They're doing what? They're riding on the street. Like I'm setting fires. I saw that. They're having a reverse breakdown. What was that about? I thought I was moving. I thought it was fake when I saw it. No. This real man is real. It's like all right. But it's just this. What's the exact part of me just. Jews are going to do what what's happening. I would. I put this way. So see. Same old crap. Same old crap. Good old people. Oh, well. I think it's not going to be a long time. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There are so many tell them that they've turned a calendar. You have a calendar keep changing. Not only do we turn a clock ahead, we keep changing the calendar too. Even the Jewish calendar moves forward, ledged, allegedly, do not for them. Getskis, baby, that's what we're doing. We're too many Getskis in the world. All of the legends put them on your reign as that's what I say. Send them into outer space, put them on a big space. All of the religions, nuts of all shapes, stripes for varieties. The Muslims, the Jews, the Goyama, all of them. The Buddhists. Oh, I told you, and I was in your go or two years ago, when the Adalee Lama was here in Toronto. And what? They all were there. They all were there. They all dressed the same. They got the shave heads, which I'm a little bit late for that, I guess. And they all had the purple outfits on. You know, you see them, but that they were orange. No, no, I don't think so. I think they were purple. They all looked like they were in a purple haze. There was smoke in some pretty heavy duty crap. You have to smoke. And in fact, I'm surprised you got out of religion, because with all the crap you smoke, and you got to to be ready for that curve. No, so the Judas was a good guy. We're just finding this out all these years later. Judas was a good guy. He was the enabler. He made Jesus the yesterday. They had a big corrupt bubble, my institution. They can big, big, tax exempt bucks. I'll be still having, you talk about snappy dresses, yeah. They could use a little help in a wardrobe department, anything. But yeah. If you, if you could have been with me that day and Rome a few years ago, and I told you about that store where they say it was a, a church garment store. I don't know the way to describe it. Okay. And, and the winter they had all these beautiful, religious garb. Exactly. That's what it was. They were religious garb store. All these velvet chosques. Oh, my. Yeah. Yeah. To pick me up a priest outfit. Okay. Next time. Next time. We'll bring you more of them, switch guard out. I think I wear it. All of them. Just dressing like a priest. 1257 a Q amp, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long, especially in South Florida, where it's like being inside of a furnace all year. How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner? The five star edition of the carrier infinity system. And the main thing is even better. You can get this fabulous system from voice air and heat, where they've been taking care of try-county air, your families for three generations. As a carrier, fact we authorized the ever voice guarantee, your 100% satisfaction, and that guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning, and how have been better they carry your infinity system. It actually performs a daily diagnostic check, then adjust itself for maximum efficiency. And to maintain maximum efficiency on your prisoner conditioner, we should enjoy the voice air and heat comfort club. Plus a year, they'll come in and speck in tune up your system. You'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off any needed repairs. All of this for just 110 bucks a year. All of these drinks. So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with pure on or peace of mind with a comfort club either way, make the voice choice. Licensed number CACO58562. I have no idea why I have to read that, but it's in there. Royce air and heat column toll free. 1 800 3770 075 stay cool all summer and all year round. Royce air and heat toll free 1 800 3770 075. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562 A6. The lines of the hour. There he was just a walkin on the sea sand. Who are there? They're done, they're done. He's a man from the land of talent. They're done, they're done. He's done, he's done, he's done. He's done, he's done. He's done, he's done. He's just water into one. The next thing I knew we had a limit on his feet sing. And do I dare it did it some day they do? The blind act on the sea and the dumb act on the spook sing. And do I dare it did it some day they do? We walked on, walked on, walked on, walked on, walked on. My dog walked on through my dog. Then he cured a record source. And I'm lost, I'm shaking the sun of God. And I'm hurt, I'm hurt. Yes they do, but there's all the people they get so out. Now he's the reason that we have any sedation. And do I dare it did it some day they do? And he's the reason that all the Christians pray saying, To, I dare it did it some day they do? We!) praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down. Raise him, kneel down, Associ kabori, kneel down. Wein kneel down the man who wore a party crown. To, I dare it did it some day they do? To, I dare it did it some day they do? To, I dare it did it some years of jo. To, I dare it did it some year of jo. Do I dare dare it some peace of truth? Do I dare dare dare? He's a joke! Oh, it's been a lot of that. And how do I get rid of this thing? No, you ain't hate when you go again. Go to the story, okay? Go to the page you requested. New York Post, group of Murdoch. Winshin' all it? Since we just got through a plane, I think, about Jesus, and he's a Jew in all other crap, and about Judah. And then he's a Judas? Yeah. Or he's a Jewish. Say those Judas. Jewish makes us sound a little. Oh, and I look at us just now, they're putting it on CNN. Let me testify that Bush authorized the leak. We had that on at least an hour ago, right? Right? At least breaking news on the neo-rodger show. Okay, how come that's why we're so newsy, man? Because we beat everybody. Just beat the pants off CNN. You idiots. And I'm sure it was on the smirkling chimp fight. Well, let's give them credit. Even though they don't give me any. Oh, no, and I didn't print out it. Print it out with that banner over the top of the article. Don't you hate that? You run me by that? Yeah. And I hate it. The ad prints out. Anyway, I'll read it off the thing. We'll need to end by the PD's highest ranking on a uniform cops to inside a Brooklyn station station. I was screaming, get the effing Jews out of here. I want heads rolling. A city cops from the charge yesterday. Chief of department Joseph Espo said he shouted the slur. Say I can barely read this. It's clear. Let me, okay, here. You're slurring Joseph Espo's shadow. The slur is cops in riot gear. Surgable hundreds of young house seat them rampaging through a girl park setting fires and smashing windows too. Good. The protest he rest of an elderly orthodox Jew. Councilman Simka fell or said it was a Simka. Not. Espo's either the intern to Felder and said Simka, if you don't want to help me get the F out here, the Councilman claimed. But the city while acknowledging Espo's zero uttered vulgarities in the heat of the moment did not use in the technical religious slurs, quoting the chief of saying, saying, get these effing people out of here as opposed to effing Jews, okay. The culprits said he's known as Pseo 55 since the cop was appointed commander of the girl park precinct and had the highest yard of yard of regard. He ended the remark he made about Jews could have made about blacks Hispanics about anybody else. It's an excusable Felder said when used the word Jew with the effing in any fashion, something is seriously wrong. What should be done? I'll leave that to the mayor in the police commissioner. Make her look now as the senior use of all the dirty, but offered support was in the middle of the big deal, okay? Big limits should be a worse problem, okay? So I cut the crap. Go out. Don't care that was a big air. Everybody's so off tight and so it's an ethnic story. Just like that bitch said, who will apologize for that. George of bitch, that's right. Same thing, the woman who really freaky hairdo. But they're a scooter, let me look at that. This is old news, Jeffrey Tuben, big stimulus there on CNN, like all of us that may be discovered. Like we didn't know that they were trying to smear a smear and smear a man, smear and smear a Josef Wilson because he put the truth out there. Bad guy, you got a smear and smear him. So let's put his wife's life on in jeopardy. Now I'm sure you already know this because again this is not a bulletin and who the hell would care because man don't watch it today show. I must of course there is no. A day after Katie Corajan, she was leaving for CBS and B.C. is chosen Meredith Viera as Matt Lauer's new partner on the day show. And she now let's see, just like Vanishing's 59. Okay, not her house here. And they see chose Viera over several internal candidates, including weekend today anchor, Campbell don't come eat fudge brown, newswoman Natalie Morales, and today news reader Anne Curry. Brown and Morales had some for Corajan today while she was on vacation in the last month. Meredith's vast experience is an award winning year in list as well as the talk show always made for the idea of candidate for this job. So Jeff Zucker, CEO of the NBC Universal TV group. She'd be better at news. That's a little switch. Put Katie on the back on at horrible show when nobody's going to see it and put Meredith Viera on it. Right. Of course you got Elizabeth Viera and Katie Viera. Well, a little bit too heavy on at Hispanic thing, man. She told her audience on the view Thursday about her decision. I'm really thrilled she said you were loving these people. With her background as a former system and school spun and co-host on the view, Viera's experience matches a morning show host need to do serious news and interview Hollywood celebrities and do cooking segments. He can do it all and do that too. Viera is also one a day-time Emmy Award for her job as host of the game show who wants to be a millionaire. Bad show. She's expected to join Lauron today in September. It'll be the first anchor change in Morning's top TV and top ratings since 1997 as if anybody cares. Anybody watches that get a life? Would you please? I have no right. Any of those? Good morning America. Today, what's the other one? What's the one on CBS this morning that nobody watches? No, at least nobody would have met it. Poor Harry Smith. Harry is okay. It's a lot of work byography, Amy. He's a little bit of a horrible show with a horrible film. He's a terrible show. And you know who was honored? It was a worst ever. And I told you he would be honored for like about five minutes that was ADS Ballard. Oh, it was at the other one. I could always be as Ballard for it. It's got a crappy theme song. But I told you he was going to bomb. He's got a person like a dead man that the ES Ballard. He was on a local TV down there. He sucks. 8 ADS, pick up sticks. We need to get that 900 real quick and we do the 1000. Once we get past the 900 man will be rolling like CCR and it's still 8 ADS. What do you got? 8086. Don't stop now. Oh, I'm way ahead of you. 8087. I'm in heaven. Between 113 and about the, I'll say 52 minutes. It's, we could do that. You could handle it. You guys could do it. 5, 6, 10, 5, 60. Maybe we can get that woman to call them again. We could see the, come on. We can do it one more, one more time. The audience is dying to hear from her. We can have like a regular segment with her calling. We could drive that on for months. They could have office pools to see how many times she's got a call in in the given day. See, we told her what to do and we're to go but she won't listen to us. She doesn't really care. She's like most women. She won't listen. No matter what your tell her, she won't listen. She's got her own agenda. What, as you know? How many QAN? Hello. On Comino. Yes, sir. I got a first time listening to the next mean song set aside at the nor a means. We want to hear Buffalo Bill. We can't. Thanks, boy. Bye. See, I was starting to get really enthused. We're at the calls. Based on. I don't know. It works the lotion in the basket. There you go. That's Buffalo Bill. There you go. He just heard it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, that whoever sent next to this guy to just call, just give him a big ball of these. A prank in the head. There you go. Just give him a smack in the head. Real hard. Like what a baseball bat. No. Go move. WQAM. See the repair line. I'm here in the M. N. N. N. N. N. Boy, you asked for it. Yeah. I guess you sure told me. Yeah. See, sure gave me what for it, didn't you? Okay. See, and somebody's going to call you. Call my wife a big, and of course they probably know us true. You bet you've brought you war. There you go. I'm not necessarily saying for her, just in general. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How's my knee coming? Oh. Well, look at that. It looks like brand new. Mother. Scads. Never know what that song. You've got a brand new girl. Roll the skates. I've got a brand new knee. Look at that. The miracle of nature. I must be God done it. You think God done it? Damn God. I prayed to Judas and he said no problem. Said no problem fat stuff. Your knee is going to be as good as brand new. WQAM. Hello. Hey, tell us, this is our car room. And then the ghost is up. That's WQAM, hello. Help. Yeah. How long you go to? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Low carb. 5, 6, 7, 11, 11, 11, 11. Tell me who you're in, hello. It puts the lotion on. It's skin. Or else you get the hose again. Can you help me? Oh, no. It's a little bit like a person. Oh, no. It rubbed the lotion on its skin. Or else it gets the hose again. It's wonderful. See, must be my lucky damn going to woodbine. Because you know there's a several other things like person board. And road to wood. Very good. Oh, no. It's a lot of love. Short and sweet. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Good. You clear. Yep. I can't believe that woman. I just can't believe. I can't. I can't get through it. You know, all the time. She calls 15 times in one day and gets through. Yeah. I always write to every time. She's got to bat lies. She's got to direct line. I have a network. Well, I tried to call me a day. And you were talking about the south of the border. Yeah. And actually, starting out as a blue flag, blue is placed. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. That's all I got to say. What do you expect from a bunch of red nicks, man, to run in gin mill down there? OK, thanks, brother. From the south Carolina. Nothing would be fine if they could get out of Carolina. That's what our new Chris Jones or new salesman just said. Carolina. He's a real, the A-hoo man. Although he got a little bit of something's under there. They're not much, not too much. They don't want to move too fast. You know, get like any real people in there. Because it's the sixth April and every day the story is, hey, look at this. You know, we can't, we can't undo all our gray scoops overnight. But look at this. We're working feverishly. Now, can't you see it? Can you smell it? We're working like crazy. Can't you can't you tell? Oh, yeah. Tell. I'll tell. I'll tell. We got the whole new altitude. We got back there in the sales department. And especially your buddy, Brad. He is. This is Neil Roger. This is 560 pure. This is Debbie. Hello, I'm Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And somebody contouring in similar post-action. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation has many requests. Since it has a facetift for all of these things. Mm-hmm. And there's wondering. I wish I could start with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I don't know. They would do it. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. Laser surgery. Uh-hmm. Have the lamb stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liprosuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then if I'm looking actually, we can tell you that one would see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Oh, should I make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Um, my name is buffer real quick. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. My name is buffer real quick. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Mommy, I'd love to. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Okay. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the basket. Oh. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What do you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. What do you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to him in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello? All of these things. Yeah. You said it. I put another abandoned money. All right. I'll take a new change. Change the property. More absorbent. No. It's possible to build it. Because I take that plavix. So I don't have another bee's leash stroke. See how to provide. There was that much blood on your knee. See there are different body parts. You never realize how much blood. I mean, there's something that's pretty obvious. That they're in gorgeous with blood. Oh, speaking of in gorgeous with blood body parts. There's Rob Marciano and CNN. Let's keep looking for that one story. I can't find it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, maybe she'll call back again. See if she the bottom line is she's got to have the last word. See how that works. Like all women. Uh huh. She's got to have the last word. She already emailed you. So what's the sentence? Why do she keep calling back? That's the obvious person here. I told you if you told him what she's going to flirt. She's going to flirt. She's going to flirt. What? First of all. I know where she could put that CD. Black dome. And I have a feeling it'll fit perfect. Probably straight in our old Emma blemishes out of tune. Maybe that's how the blemishes got on him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, maybe Verizon and singular. Wireless line. WDQAM all call radio hello. You would think fine now that you wouldn't put it in the right hole. Uh huh. Okay, we're waiting for the story. Wait for that delayed to catch up. And I think it's 58 bucks. So that got old you for us to in a bit. Remember to punk that call before. Oh my god. Is it here next to me on my lap on a couch and would you please play to buy the air right? You don't look all like good Rob Marcee and what's the big deal with him? He's okay. I mean, he's compared to the other people. The other guys that they got on that network. They don't really have a lot of good looking people on their subcandy cowley. 925 votes and of course well looks rig in the situation room. Oh Jesus God. Do you think that there's anybody we need to take some serious day of the name itself? I don't know maybe as a wife. Can you just imagine what Jack Cafferty the way he was lamp his ass. Oh god. I mean Jack is making all these outrageous and I'll land this wonderful comments. Oh well, Jack. That's one way to look at it. That will be back with Jack in the situation room. 920 votes we need 72 and 40 minutes. Now here's the test. If we can make that 1000 by 2 o'clock after Eric really screwed me over by yesterday twice. That was with twice. Come in. Remember I came in early this morning just to see if he had it up. He didn't have it up. Something really bad going out up there in Orlando. And so as a result is pulled and get on it like 830. So we started with a handy crab. But if we can make that 1000, did you ever really believe we'd get to it? Nothing but we have. Not in my wife. Oh, Josh didn't congenitious as we'll skip to. Can we use the hard ass? Yeah that's it. What? What? You thought we'd get it? Of course. Get out of here. 928. It's not even coming in by the ones now. Now that you jinxed it. Still lying 20. It refreshed at 3 times. Still stuck there. They just playing with our emotions. Or maybe they just don't want you guys to get those good deals. Because another is big, big money. Come down to road from Joe Bell. Oh yeah you wait till he wait till Joyce finishes with his ass. W2AM hello. Oh yeah. Don't want to know. That's catching his plate. Is that on the CD? Is that on the CD George? I don't know. More than you don't know. Well I had one in here and now it's all right. Hang on a second. I don't think it is done. But you never know. I've had to put a lot of the problems with our work. What would they say to plug us about all the time? Oh wait wait. Don't step on press. I got the days and it is relaxed. I'm looking at body augmentation. I don't think so. It should be. Of course the people who put this thing together. They had an IQ collective about six. It's been on so many other ones I guess. They've got bad pipes on there. No it's not on there. Sorry. Don't bite it. You're welcome. Wayne's conference owner. Kisser but foul mouth dolphins. Big black eye name Ben. Sitting on a bitch and Del Rey. The mold the boy the guilty. The boy. It's not on there. And why not? I might ask. Maybe that's why they're not by investing like crazy because the good stuff's not in there. Loan some faggot on there. Right under down on my knees. If there's any relationship between them. Yeah. What's it? Make me do I see if I didn't put something like that on there. It's because it was on last year's award. Yeah. This is the honor of what I mean last year's. We haven't done this in the year before. Or a lot or more than one. Yeah it's been on or too much. Plus who now wants to hear. All of you see again. I guess they do. Now listen. Don't buy a pouch. It's probably going to be defective. Men you'll be calling in 15 times and people will be making fun of you and all that stuff. Don't do that. It'll create many problems for you. All of these things. How about you QAMCD line? Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. Neil Rogers, CD and pasta. I'm leaving this town. Just push me down and go and back up. Oh right. Excellent. Good choice man. Okay. Now. I'm closing. Hey. All. He's stuck. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. How many do I buy to my job? They've been losing lately. I'm going to notice people fall off the bad wagon. Well they're doing just fine. Or still lost again. I know they kicked a rat for us last year a couple of days ago. And I know the blue days got their ass kicked the handed two money plate last night. Do you know they had 50,400 on the new and improved Roger centric sky dome two nights ago? Man, that place is really, I'm going to have a chance to have to go to a few volumes. That place was rocking opening night. 50,000 for a hundred and they kicked them serious ass. And last night they got wallet. They got, you know. In fact last night, every in the paper this morning says people, they got a sarcastic, polite but sarcastic. As the team was going off the field the end of the game. People were going, go leave, go. You know, come on now. That's not nice. It's just because the blue days lost again. That's pretty funny. Pretty funny. Huh? Pretty funny. Yeah. No, it's not. You don't sell it at hockey stuff. Well, so now post no wood, so I'm Patrick Elias for this seventh career hatch rig. It is now five two jersey. Here we go. You can see these ever in 19. So these two teams last played here. We come here. It's a team goal 67 shots. Then I both call these two win the result. Around back of the net for Dome. They tried one one. They're doing this late. Congratulations. That's back of the goal. It's gone. One of the worst games in history mankind. It was pretty bad. You're right. 5 6705 60. Town 5 60 in the Verizon ticket of Rival Son. The new Rogers. Taki, CD repair and pasta show. You know we had a narrow download. But we instead of this stream of consciousness, crap. How much stream of unconsciousness? As in things like. Girls are gagging sucks. Okay. You don't say nothing. Nothing to do with anything particular. Just off the wall. Like rock solid. When you least expected. WKOM. Hello. New or top. How you doing sir? I know you're a gigantic guy. Father. But I know where he talked about the supporters. I know. I'm probably because I don't watch it. Yeah. I was wondering if you thought it was a swirl, as you say. Swill. I never watched it so I can't give you the home. Never watch it. I was. The thing you put it brings a little bit of nice side of me. That's all I need to hear. Okay. I just hear. I said no. George. George used to like it. And he says no. It sucks. I know. Great person. You can go straight. You're out of biography. Same as a. Great Cody. And I'll bring myself. Bye. I'll bring myself off. I like that. Leave the gut. Take the wrong thing. Yeah. You want to hear that on the soprano's. They're going to. I'll probably. Will one of these days. I guarantee anyone here this either. I don't care how many day go get any. What. Great. Good. Come out of the woodwork. See that. Jack Walsk. Airbeaker. Airbeeline. Airbees. Premo. It's good as it gets. Almost as good as network. Now how are we doing on that thing? I wonder because the godfather's sag is off a long Josh. But I want the whole thing. You know. I got it. Crazy. Yeah. Has it really since Monday? Not here. One two and three. You've been doing a one two and a three. 956 and 56 is like in Q56. As in QAM. See how purple that is. 956 baby. 44 in 34. Even a child could do that. This is new. This is by 16. A. Good. 1. 1. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 4. 4. 4. 2. 4. 6. 4. 4. 4. 4. 3. 4. 4. 4. 3. 4. They only love with so that they match the teeth And I give a say that I'm so free Ever thought you were with me They found some thought on me You found the place And you're all in shadow That's a looser 971 votes we got a half an hour Even at one minute we're going to do that How do you like that? There's Morgan Freeman, what a great actor he is Is he enjoying us? That's him She's an idiot whoever she is, but he's great Nice outfit by the way Morgan And he's got a, oh he didn't have a cigarette in his hand He had a bag at there Oh no, that's bad Well if you were old enough to remember If you were like you probably did by now But anyway when he used to like change smoke on TV When you saw the head more old thing And I'm sure there's nothing in the store There's nothing that's smoking Yeah, go on out The cloud Well I was talking about cloud smoke I remember all the TV shows like I love Lucy You know that stuff everybody is smoking all the time Yeah and what's this business about the bad stereotypes about Latinos they were screaming about with all of the immigrants The other day on TV They had dizzy on as Was neither representative of Los Latino Hey Lucy Huh We're not most of your people are like just like that Just like this Only they only This movie here looks like it's gonna be really bad Lucky number 11 You know Can we see that we'll be all Morgan Freeman's in it And you know well, it's in a Josh Hartland Who's getting really pasty on my inheritance You know Josh Hartland he was in 40 days and 40 nights And what was that warmover he was in With the barrel out of Pearl Harbor Pearl Harbor. Oh, I remember that never saw it Neither not needed me I thought it was really good You only move me I ever saw him in that I liked In fact I discovered him just like I discovered Britney Spears He was in a Halloween part 400 with the Jamie Lee butch Curtis. Okay black Hawk down here's a black Hawk down he was in Oh, I know you like him a lot Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I do relax Jesus He's just a pasty punk is all he is, you know Pasty punk And I take back what I said about the Justin Belder they remember when they hearing He was wrong three days ago the first time First time I leave my eyes on him and I said, I think it back because he He damaged like like Brittany damaged goods You know what I'm saying? I mean he's damn there 20 now and he does look pretty good, but damage goods just like Brittany You see the similarity there Mm-hmm only I think in his case really do damage goods well-worn. Oh God 978 votes on a pool. And what is that pool of all the things the old talks about which is the most important? Interesting to you Perky, look at that look at the from one and always got him on his photo Which is a bad idea because his body is as pasty as the rest of him too Josh Hartnett pasty At least more in treatment. He's got a good son tan Politics 450 that's what they want to hear bush bashing They want to hear bush in his home is rich This is a terrorist. Okay, they're simple to not one but two elections would help him his girlfriend Katherine Harris and is a crooked the fat ass brother Inside radio stuff 133 and if we ever get back even close to being in radio we'll let you know Let's know where we are in the dial Religion 103 What are we as again naked put some clothes on him already way it Jesus? I hit this pool 67 Jewish 48 foods and restaurants 43 hockey 34 let's have some hockey talk What do you say? Anything at some point? The hockey talk hope cross One one tie Alexa the action scoring for the yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hockey 34 gay stuff 32 slots in gambling 21 the key is get a good machine mind Let me tell you right now. That's the secret find a good machine And if you see somebody else with a good machine just not their ass off and grab it sit right down I am stood in 13 old news then about 4,000 times. I was given a little bit old all those Dutchman immigration 10 health problems eight The track eight die talks for and the stock market for so the last five or six category just smith can and like I told it Schmidt can them Give them my Schmidt or give me a Josh mitt and the old Detroit lines water. How van Patrick's doing he was fat and you know what have it any die fat guy dead? No, Mr. coincidence there No coincidence. I'm gonna make some of that pasta for lunch. You know we're gonna do I'm gonna make some of that low-carb sauce. I'm gonna slice up a unwiner John we're gonna slice him up And a chop in machine John we're still got oh a topping machine. I thought I said let me ask you something seriously. Oh, that's right hand-given that nickname Because his real name is John weiner. You know, he's got a face of voice and a name for a radio Not W to Q a and hello Sound like he was sitting on a strand of it. That's him. Didn't sound like that. So like something five six seven Oh five six. You're gonna like it when we take all the calls. I'm just I'm scared of this Well, you get the living and breathing people back listen to this show that people on the edge of a hundred don't care what's going on Well, they won't know one of your all these stories even though we had the story on first about how Bush admitted he gave the go ahead He authorized the outing of our replaying. We had that on nobody cares nobody out of the easier 100 even knows Valerie playing from flame Okay, that's all you know it's flaming flaming all mold. That's all a no you don't say because now the new deal is a bit then it's in And not only that, but Let me ask you this. What are you gonna do about it? You're fairie. How many Q a m hello? Neil Yes, sir. The question what is the origin of the some diner over here? I'm dying over here. Oh, color he's dead now by the way in the original origin was in the movie What was the movie dog day after the dog afternoon with Al Pacino? Oh, okay. That's remember when he and Frater brought the bank the Indian No, it was outside. We ever saw that dog dancing. Oh, I did it. Well, you want like it. It's got a sex change a freaking there What that was its name. I remember what her the Chris the reddit is the actor's name I don't know and see I don't like Chris the man in pure lead I can't stand it either there's a Josh Harton naked against he That look at that there he is. Where he's a pasty. I don't like pasty I'll see you about not sometimes he might look a little bit better, but the pastan it was just a towel on and it keeps showing it over and over again I think well those creatures behind that he's probably wanting to get Josh in the situation room 5 6 5 oh dust that they want to get Josh in the situation where many wasn't talking about clearance either So you won't see definitely more because he's responsible I'm blaming him more than anybody else for that best of thing for that stupid Given credit for the fact that Kevin Bachelors did that thing in a Harold now if he would just call Tom jick I'm sure Tom would give him like ten pages on it. Although I do know this If we get to a thousand votes on a poll today by two o'clock after that bad start thanks to Eric Scunoff It'll be on a front page of the Suncental Tom jick on how his bio lineman on it Don't you think tomorrow? Okay, it'll be all over like stink on Greg 97 I think we got a shot at it 23 minutes. We need three votes I wouldn't be surprised a little Tommy and his friends in the gaming industry the cruise ship industry doing I wonder if it's his son that works in the cruise ship line call him up and find out WCWM hello Yeah, yeah, sir. Are you doing I just fried some more right wing stuff My son goes to university of power Anyone who he saw and culture is a nice Jewish Liberal Democrat but he wanted to spread his views so we want to see and call to speak on campus. Yeah, and She was spreading a lot of right wing propaganda now we hear he spreads it. Yeah, he's spread that heavy and we should bring our Democratic Christy democracy so all nations throughout the world. Oh, yeah, we can do it. He had a job as we're doing an Iraq man We don't have to wear by just all be dead You got it and also he wanted a deer and heckle a little but he said their security They were who's stepping around it was so much security force He just kept his mouth shut and you know I think damn the thing he didn't bring his mizzizzle with me. He'd be a good man for it. He'd be reserved and sized have a seasoned pace Oh, you go see you see that that's a little cold there are among us to Jews I have no idea what they mean. Yeah, I know it and we how we get by poor without the home and toss you know What you talking about I All over touch why I got home and touch We didn't where to tell you and to know you didn't you got bricks I Didn't need it. No the imaginary yeah, huh? You know we like to have a stand we're talking about not the one that's the famous author But the one he's an author too, but the former voice and the heat that got screwed over because he allegedly made some kind of a racial comment Yeah, that that was a bad screw and over. He's a good guy. Helpy, you know That was him after we got came with the heat But every year at a poor-um-time he sends a care package. He sends one a Hank and sent the one to use to let me but I'm not there Thank God and so now I sense it to you guys good Joshy name those you didn't the end those little triangle things I didn't I shouldn't have to ask because you still alive Oh those things were laying your public like a brick they are absolutely All right, yeah, with all the new respect you're the only person that tells the the kind that you do I've never met another You had the other ones and I read the other one And knowing you and there's no difference. There's no comparison. I mean Those are great the bread you want to create the point that I'm trying to make is I have yet 2004 hosts we did it. Thank you that even knows what you're talking about What do those other you found? I have yet to go do you think I know a Jew or two any other Jew besides you that even knows what those other One of them Give me a break. Well, we don't have a shortage of people my family got those little brick triangles there I think only the Orthodox only the Getskies eat though They're so funny Bloody new caption Oh Pharm Exam Color Your mission if you choose to accept it and Yeah, yes? It involves I sit down I Accept you might finish it. I don't know Know My Own It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. Tom Cruise stars. It's Tom Cruise as Ethan Horns. Ian. Mission Impossible 3. Not another Tom Cruise movie. Like I said, it's amazing. Come and see with me, it's hopefully going away sooner. Swishin impossible. You're fair. We're a little Tommy there. You're really foolin' everybody Tommy. Not and I can't eat a whole thing, man. I really went over like a pregnant pole ball to dinner. What have you done her anyway? Sure it wasn't him. Wasn't me? No, well that's unfortunate. You're okay. 16th you'll do. I can't stop thinking about that broad occult in here. I'm a 10, 40 times today. Maybe not 40. I'm exaggerating. About 30 minutes. 30 times with her CV problem. You're supposed to go over there and like, look it, make it better. 1,000 and 9 votes on a pool. How do you like that? Wouldn't surprise me if Eric attacked a few of those bogus ones on there? I tried like cover his tracks. I mean, they're 1,000 and 11. Now we had, we had a maiden's shave. I didn't know what it believed in the million years. I wasn't even going to try for it. Were we going to even think about that? I didn't want to. And then all of a sudden they were like mounting and mounting and mounting. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Speaking of Tommy. You're fair. 5, 6, the end of Verizon. Speaking of where I was flying. A lot of, we've got eight million openings. We're going to have to condition these people again. We're taking 40,000 calls today. Every day now. Send these stupid stories. Two hundred and eight. We're going to get way to get the audience back. I mean, it's horseball station. Man, all man. If anybody was away last weekend and they heard the trends, we did find from ten to two. That's all they need to know. Oh my god. It was scary. Wouldn't it kind of scary? Kind of. Little bit. Love. Nobody. QAM. Hello. Not surprising. QAM. Anyone else going? All right. I have 40 people. It's like that. I'm not going to die. QAM. QAM. I can see if you're a son of a co-beer report. It comes on right after the day we show. It's on our dark brown on their last week. On Friday. Michael Brown. Brown Brown. Oh, Mickey Brownie Brownie. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on there already. What do we want? He tried to go on there and tried to shoot some blame around. Blame me. I remember that the secret the best thing you ever had. And they had a mom and a third day. And they used to hilarious. And the great guy I thought you might have seen it. It was awesome. They're setting you know. I don't know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. That sounds the right one. That's a different playing game. I'm not as we had to. They play game. You. I do that. I do that. I do that. I do that. Five. Five. Five. Fif. Six. Five. Five. I'm drunk, drunk, drunk Come on everybody, I've been a left-line game I bet you're acting late to blame For the next hurricane I'm gonna push, push, push I'm gonna pan up for push, beat five, no more Puts, everybody, wait, wait, wait I can make it no break in the panic I'll break into five, no more games I'm making it I'm playing games Who sounds like a moron That's like you're every time you speak Just a way God wants to speak Wants to take the same I cover it, sleep, re-naking day Re-naking day Re-naking day Re-naking day Re-naking day Because he wants to make new or leave And I don't care what people are saying Like NCT J-POPERS We have black people Children's are the god of his men Me compares the most duly-wearing on the farm Shot to make it Yes, right there, he can do it Re-naking day Re-naking day This car was become together This car was revealed A new Orleans, the one that should be Uptown, all the way out of the hall This city will be chocolate A chocolate new Orleans He never takes the blame Or anything he said Shot to make it That's the job, bring in some coffee And you'll be all for one, call this Re-naking day Re-naking day You know I can Re-naking day Because he wants to make new or leave You You can't have new Orleans No other way It was the day Joy's Bush doesn't care about black people Well that's the way it goes All you dark folks, the Republicans hate you like poison They'll do anything they're power to keep you from voting And if you do vote, they'll make them sure it doesn't count Anyway, just the way it is I want you to ask your tiger, what do you got a lot of money And the whole flight Oh god, he just he makes me gag He's just something about him, okay? It's kind of nothing to do with his skin color He's just a noise boring I'm sorry, shouldn't have said that because night dogs up there in Augusta for the imancers, right? We're working up there about the masters, are we on QAM? Oh sure No, no, no, no I heard I'd rather watch bowling than watch golf I'd rather watch championship bowling with a early That's the name That's a tough one That's a tough one Koalix, what was his name? Any Koalix And Carmen Salvino And Buddy Bo-Mar Bob Bo-Mar I'd rather watch that than watch golf Now you would watch golf on TV, would you? No, Buddy, I'd talk to him I'd ask the masters, I'd sure hope not Because we'll come to your house and beat the craft body We'll bring that woman to your house It's once your CD fixed And we'll lock, you remember in Tokora College when they locked him in the room And the speakers were blasting from downstairs with the Beethoven? We'll lock you in a room with a, with a huge, those speakers Right under your ass with her crunching Like that She is exactly what's wrong with women Right right there, she's, well part of it anyway Confetch nagging 560560, Pomba, that's what she cooks up I mean, that's her pasta, you think? I don't know W2AM, hello Meal Yes sir In your opinion Should they have, uh, lengthen the rough Because they're making the course harder and gusts up I like it Yeah, make make it harder, idiot Lengthen the rough Yeah, Lindy rough, he's not too happy with the thirsty sucker Poor Lindy's, that his daughter's got that brain problem All kinds of things going on, good guy, or Lindy rough, you know him now Who does hockey? That's thing about 34 people say hockey The hockey knowledge in South Florida man You couldn't, you couldn't have a symbol and have room for, uh, jails ass inside I'm on the right side for my court I'm excited, excited, excited, excited Everyone will go, go from Jimmy Bowen Remember Jimmy Bowen, I'm sticking with you on Reload Records I bet you don't Long before you time Jimmy Bowen, he also I think got, uh, beat the, Was he, I want to cut the crap beat out of him? In an alien L.A., somewhere, better look it up, I better who? Oh, I'm kicking that good now I, or I could, no, no, wait a minute, I'm confused in the, you know, maybe this is a, no, no, no, no, what the, how was his name? Honeycomb, who did honeycomb? Jimmy Rogers See, I should know that name, you know what? Oh god You know what's the funny name? Jimmy Rogers I would be surprised if it's in here a little bio Don't remember, uh, honeycomb, you heard that song Sure Here's shorty Rogers, here's our Kenny Rogers in the first edition Uh, let's see, born 33 in Camus, Washington pop singer, guitarist penis Poet to the Zones TV variety series in 59, I remember that Career-happard, following mysterious assault on the San Diego freeway On December 1, 1967, where it's left him with a fractured skull He was kind of like, you know, remember Jan from Jan and Dean or was it Dean? A little crash in his Corvette? I don't recall Oh my god, and then I served that on biography channel, enough to make you just want to scream Or Jan and Dean Of course, they were no kind of salmon Dean, who of course, they've been in the same room This is Neil Rogers This is five, six, eight It's day out of my avid town Reckham And five, six, oh Double you, you, A-a-a Good girl, good girl, good girl, good girl By the light, two, five You're still being caught, three, five You're still being caught, three, five You're by, two, five You're with the dead, the must die Oh yes, who may he touch, but both will have this way All of you, five, will you will make real die Oh yes, who we didn't make for the John John Ty With the voice that I've never made a hole I asked who was, would be safe for the dead And on the dead, pray that it will pursue the taste Five, oh, four You're with the moon, you're with the moon You're by, two, five You're with the dark, four You're with the moon, you're with the dark You're with the three, five So, four, two, five You're not gonna travel, no, no You're with the five It's Lord, Lord, two, five We will make, me who die Oh, thank God, for my death What have we now controlled? All the blood of mine Cash, for the blood of our three We'll give it to the parts of two, eight women Oh, thank God, we die Oh, thank God, you're with the one So, we'll give it to the five We'll give it to the one We'll give it to the one We'll give it to the one We'll give it to the one What's the origin of that by the way? I'm dying out of the hand. So anyway, that was a real call. Keep colded on the show. Many, many years ago when I was in, now he's dead. He said, I'm dying out of the hand. And maybe I'd die. Those are famous last words if you're going to choose them. But Al Pacino said it in dog dance. No, he still got, because that was just a dialogue in a movie. Better dialogue than he got father 3. Maybe they should fear you. Thousands and 26 votes on a full man. I am just astonished at the power of the old god. You know, seeing even though I tried to sandbag us, I think Eris on the payroll across the street. Guess me. Now you're doing a fine job, Eris. It's just a joke. You're great. You're the best. That's what Josh said. He said when comes to that Internet, uh, high-gings, Eric is the best. You know what you said? Something like that. Yeah. He said send me the money, but Eris the best. I'm going to start sending the check to Eris every month. I think it uses. It's got a wife and kids' support. Tunk like you. What do you need for? Go out there and gamble it away to slots or something. Booze, dope. Yeah. Booze, dope. That's a trend. Attendance, right. Go in a hockey game on Sunday. Go to see the Panthers in Tampa Bay. You would name me somebody on the lightning real quick. Uh, what do you're laughing about? That's a defending, uh, Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay lightning. Name me somebody. I do know that though. I do know that one. Let's stay up. Name me one player. How about number four? Vincent? No. There's no way, man. Look how many eight. How about number nine? Wait, don't they have a way. How about Brian? Is it a John? Is it a bad thing to care on their team or something? No. How about Martens, Samuel, we, meet me in Samuel, we, Louis. You just wait till I tell Joe Bell about the deal. He's going to cook up for your ass. Oh, God. You just, not at least your goal and that's good. At least you're going out there. You got a free ticket. You're going to take one of your relatives out there. Kind of in the thinking that your Mr. Sports. That's good. Thousands, twice, we vote on the full of all things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you. How about a pay raise for Josh and George? How about that? That's interesting to them. Politics, 472, Instagram Radio, stuff, 39, religion, 107. I'll do get you that. They're on you crazy people. I hate this full 71 Jewish stuff. Oh, 42. Rounds with you. Food and restaurants, 44 especially Delhi. Talking, 34, we'd like to be story. Game stuff. Yeah. 33. Ha. And slots in gambling, especially with a good machine. $20. Bye bye. When it comes to school.