Face-guide exhaust But won't somebody just grab that bitch? Samp her upside the hell! Oh, this fool! What a bit of fool fool! I want to hear no more about him. I just wish somebody would be able to run. Well, if and thanks you so much, huh? But, but, but why don't we find out? But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but... Oh, the school! But, but, but, but, but, but. But, but, make and snack a little longer. But give it her, and up a ton, to the job! Oh, yeah! So guess what this is like? It's a combo by Tucson and won't be on the day to apply. I'll give you one guess. Oh, right. That's what it is. So what do we got it to? Curtis? We can't have Curtis to do in 7-10 with the beach. Oh, what have we got now with your kid, Naryan? Got these on it too? Yeah. You're joking me. No. The day after my birthday and that's the present I get as two hours a guilty. At least he's after his not before us anyway. There you go, Sam. Oh my god. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, man. Dog, you idiot. You a dumbass. I saw the humpar on the breeder's cup telecast on Saturday. My god, he has a bunch of stuff. Not a bunch of stuff, maybe, but a bunch of. He was bigger than my screen could handle. You know, my 46th and same song, my HD TV set. I've heard about it. Wow. So the thing I got a big screen because the humpar was like all over the place. He took up the whole screen. What did I tell you? Fracking the toy, the greatest shocking in the world. Oh, I told you that, but nevertheless. I'm learning about horse racing, but I want to hear about that. They shared a sugar one here about sports. It about how the bear is just handed that game. It was like, I don't want to say, it looked like a fix. I mean, that would be you can't say that. But didn't that what it looked like, John? Yeah, somewhat. Maybe they paid Rex off. And maybe Rex was going back to his Pluto roots again. You know, maybe it thought he was back at work and floater. I don't know. I was over there. Yeah, it was gross. He is gross. And he sucked. And of course in last night, I understood why you are team lost. I allow who to help you. I expected to win that game anyway. It was fairly entertaining. You guys always beat the cults. No. Don't always beat. They lost two last year in regular season. That's in the playoff you're thinking about. When Sandy Peyton Manning took it up a little bit. And you're a good one to talk, man. And the excuse is that Josh don't have the, he doesn't have the package. He doesn't have the NFL package, so we can't see the bucks play most weeks. And why are you lucky? Put you in a much better mood. They really stink. Yes, they do. I mean, the Saints just wiped them right off the field yesterday. There was a fine breeze between few of the breezes knees. It's just a whole game. He just, and anyway, nobody wants to hear about sports. They want to hear about the election or a, and about Dick Cheney's going to go hunting tomorrow with his bull-dike daughter. We'll get to that. But of course, the big news over the weekend was past your 10. All right. Hey, 10. You're fairie. Oh, well, all these, they all lined up the same. I mean, I don't understand. I don't know. Just same. Every one of them. I have the same. I have the same. I have the same. Less than 24 hours after being fired from the mega churchy founded, evangelical past your 10. Hager confessed to a lifelong sexual problem. Uh-huh. And a letter read the members of his new life church yesterday. Hager said he is a receiver and a liar of salooning. Hager to apologize to his congregation and letter answer for their forgiveness. There is part of my life that is so repulsive and dark that I've been worrying against it all my adult life. Hager said in a letter read by Pastor Larry Stocksdale, remember the board of overseers a new life church. On Saturday, members of the board, Austin Hager, from the 14,000-member church, setting his sexually immoral conduct. My Jones claims the problem of Pastor Peyton for sexual over three-year period. Hager only admitted to receiving him a size from the man, although we didn't say what parts he was missing. The past you're also admitted that he had bought methamphetamine, but said he didn't use it, running it through it away. Isn't that what George usually does? You've by his upon to fontan. Oh, yeah. Just throws it away. I burn it. Yeah. Slowly. Over time. In his apology letter, Hager had made no mention in a drug use, but said, I am guilty of sexual immorality. He also noted the things I did open the door for additional allocations. This is like everyone having auto did this for years. Everyone of these militant hysterical homophobic as we want. Everyone of them is a closet bag. Every single one of them. I've encountered a few in my time. Every one of them is a queen. Hager asked the congregation to forgive his accuser who Hager had also revealed the deception that was in my life. Whatever that means. Ever letter from Hager's wife to the woman with a congregation also read by Staxial. G.O. Hager said the while her heart is broken, she remains committed to him until death through his part. The couple's got five childrens. What are what? Murl Hager thinks of all of that. I'm feeling kind of haggard about it myself. Oh, we got the big election tomorrow. Baby, any interest. Huh? Well, we get to that pool. We're taking a pool on that today. Here's the pool from Friday and look at how many votes we had. 2,027 is dead incredible or what? What? We'll talk too much about I hate this pool 421,20. 0.7% I hate this pool 1 again. These dumb pools, 320. See, he's doing it right now again. He talks too much about these dumb pools. Horse racing 2,23. How about that fracking it in Tory? Poor Hover your cost alone, Amanda. He gets in it. He gets killed. He gets stored off the horse to head to the Strapine Island. And then he, you know, they take him off in the ambulance. He comes back and rides a vernerdini in the classic and gets beat by that Uruguay in horse. He gets beat and there are a couple of idiots on there. Like, well, maybe he moved to Sonya. I don't even want to talk about it. Just so stupid. Hockey 2013, horse racing and hockey, the two H's man they do not want to hear about those. Man is 158, politics 148. Wow, excuse me. Almost, stuff 133. You're fairie. Like a speaking of a Reverend Hagrid. The past past your Ted. Sales holes 105, George W.197, sports 68, religion 55, food 46 and old crap 40, too much living in the past, talking about that old crap, you know, old horse racing and old cars and old music, old stuff. That's because Neil was 64 yesterday. Happy birthday to you. Thanks. Thank you so much. Did I get a card or like any well wishes from the radio station? Oh, good nice to get from George by and get nothing from the station. Not even a card. Not even a fax. Not even a fax. Whoop. Saying happy birthday. You old goat and thanks for, you know, those numbers in there. Thanks for keeping us on a year. Nothing. But there'll be something in the mail in there, too. It's called a check, which I'll be much more valuable than a stupid fax or a card. I mean, what do you do with a birthday card? You know, you look at it and you say, oh, that's cute. I'll put it on the mantle. No, you throw it away. Vice President Dick Cheney will spend tomorrow election day on his first hunting trips since he accidentally shot his companion last February. While aiming at a cubby of coil on a private text and strange, a cubby of coil. What a wonderful expression that is isn't a cubby of coil. A gaggle of geese and a cubby of coil and a bunch of a holes. The vice president after working at the White House this morning will head to South Dakota to spend several days at a private hunting lodge near Pierre. Leah Amick Bride, his press secretary of center was an annual hunting outing and said Cheney spent election day in 2002 at the very South St. Lodge. He'll be accompanied by his bull by daughter Mary and his political director Mel Reigns who helped keep him track at election returns. On February, a lot of hunting trip in Texas, Cheney, called shot for old attorney Harry Whitington in the torso neck and face when he pulled the trigger on his 28th shot gun. Oops. Oh, sorry, Harry. The vice president later called it one of the worst days of my life and said, the image of him falling is something I'll never be able to get out of my mind. How about the image of all those soldiers falling in time and getting mean and butchered in Iraq? Will he ever be able to get that out of his mind? Sure he will. I get them high. The shooting was ruled the next day. And it would even was high for life for six days. But he's fine. Just, uh, all we're fine. Okay. Maybe he'll shoot his bull-dike daughter tomorrow. Mary, probably been fixing a duet for a long time straight to her up. You think he's been fixing a duet? So the one I'm assuming he got who expressions. Well, I'm fixing a duet with this. I'm fixing to do that. Kind of a stupid thing is that. So the I'm fixing dinner. I can see I can see that from fixing your ass or like dumb ass. How about that mad dog being a dumb ass? So you guys don't know how many to tell a story on here about how when he went to a Hank? Oh, he didn't know how to comment. I don't care, Hank. So Hank will say, you know, call me dumb ass on the air on his show. Yeah. Does he still do that? Yeah, he still does. On the air off the air. I see Mr. Flight. So the obvious question is tomorrow when we have the power hour with Hank at a mad dog between four and five together. Uh, we'll Hank call mad dog a dumb ass from missing his flight from Chicago and hopping on the air today. That is a good question. Well, that's the way you want to know. But of course, then again, you're no mad dog. See what I'm saying? All right. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, fair is fair. Ha, perco on. Well, he got bigger than a, uh, I think there's some communities like, uh, not as big as Hank. He just gigantic mammoth. He is a humongous monster at a radio industry. Democrats poised to score gains in the US Senate are struggling to pull ahead and the final seat they need to win the control. USA today Gallup full says in six key states, Democratic challenges are leading Republican incumbents in some cases very narrowly in Missouri, Montana and Rhode Island. According to the latest USA today survey out today, other poll short Democratic challenges ahead in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Those are no brainers. Even if Democrats sweep those five races, however, they would fall one seat short of the six needed for a majority status, two Republican targets in Tennessee and Virginia, now lead by three percentage points among luxury voters. It says to me, the Senate is still very much in plain could go either way since do Roth and Brietta to the nonpartisan Roth and Berkeley report. In a separate nation, why do you want to say Gallup full day can Thursday through yesterday, Democrats were favored over Republicans for Congress by 51 to 44 percent among likely voters and the CNN poll of Democrats were 10 points ahead. Republicans are back in the game that engaged in any co-hout of a Pew Research Center, which had similar results in the survey released yesterday, in the House Democrats do we know that? I'm so sick and tired of them showing that chart. Well, Democrats need to pick up 50 and we know what they need, you idiots for crying out loud. And see, they got the Allen ahead and Virginia's last poll, I saw yesterday's show a web ahead by one point of a Senator McCockowitz. Several races remain fluid in Rhode Island where White House's lead has tightened from a 11-point margin a month ago, 16 percent of likely voters say they made up their minds within the last week and 13 percent are still on the side and Missouri, they're still a 7 percent on the side. So, for those people are getting ready to fix the evil machines and all the other red touch screen stuff tomorrow, there'll be a real good cap out. You know, well, there's all these end-to-sideers, you know, and they made up their mind at last minute and they all, everyone who voted Republican, or at least when they touched the screen, that's what the screen said. They all voted Republican. How confident are you? You're going to vote George? Oh, yeah, sure. So, you can't vote, right? Being in the legal alien? That's right. That's sure, sir. I thought you got that straight now. Well, I didn't. You did not? I did not. Oh, I got news for a man. Republicans are making sure we take control of either house tomorrow, you're only voted. Well, that would be bad, somehow. That would be interesting. Well, we'll hook it up for you. You can be in Cuba and I'll be in Canada. Oh, go to Vancouver and be a refugee there. We'll be safe. Yeah, you can take your attempt on, you can take your 400 pounds of pot of pot that you bought from the chiefs of some. And I out in BC. I wish I had that. Just take a BC powder. 10 13 at 5.60, WQA, and how about those dolphin? An early Christmas gift from the very, I'll tell you the bird looked so bad yesterday. I can even begin to describe how pathetic they looked. They looked like a little girl's team. Did they die? Yes, they did. We either looked pathetic. Like they were just, who wants to do this? You know, let's go find some else to do. You know what auto accident is? A traumatic experience. Their shock, their stress, their grief, their source. It's something nobody wants to happen. But when it does, you need to help line certain all the questions that immediately erase through your mind. What do I do now? Who do I turn to? Do I need medical treatment? Do I need an attorney? Am I in several compensation? So many questions? And of course, you need to be sure you call the right number to get all the answers. The first time we need help. Here's that right number. 1 triple 8, crass 61. It's a free call. And there's no obligation. 1 8 8 8, crass 61. 1 triple 8, crass 61. Because you need answers out on the right. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You can call that number. It's your auto accident in hotline. 1 triple 8, crass 61. It's toll free. There's no obligation. That all your questions answered about your automobile accident. Just by making that one easy call and get you instant peace of mind. 1 8 8 8, crass 61. That's 1 triple 8, crass 61. 1 2 3. The feasting. So, the best challenge for the basis for your rotors. 4 radio 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8. And I just got it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Oh, I like to know who. 1 real action. Set I like to know who. 1 real action. The boot. Countable, countable, fading, countable. Countable, over, countable, over, countable, fading, countable. Countable, over, countable. Ever since this presidential race began. Live of the wonder who was going in win. Some far beach people went to do their voting show. Countable, the valet's end, but out of doubt in more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their both soups. Patrick, you can't even boy. So, I'd like to know who. 1 real action. Yes, I'd like to know who. 1 real action. Countable, countable, fading, countable, over, countable. Countable, fading, countable, over, countable. The final tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on a channel 10. Some may repeat for all the give them in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which whole approach. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their both soups. Patrick, you can't even boy. So I'd like to know who. 1 real action. Said I'd like to know who. 1 real action. Or I'd like to know who. 1 real action. Yes, I'd like to know who. 1 real action. Countable, countable, fading, countable, over, countable. Countable, fading, countable. Countable, over, countable. Countable, over, countable. Countable, fading, countable. Countable, fading, countable. Countable, fading, countable. They messed up the mail in the mail. It's a 20-pass stand. It's just the American, isn't it? I saw a great movie over the weekend. In fact, I got my response. My confirmation from Amazon comments already on the way to you. All right. Or at least it will be this weekend. I didn't pay the extra for the express shipping because I figured you can wait. No, right. Yes, I can. Nice point. Isn't it a movie? I can't believe you. It's last year's movie. I can't believe neither one of you guys seen it. Me or just, huh? When I'm flipping the five-seat scarlet space, I stop right there. Scarlet Johansson's in it. Also Jonathan Wees Myers, which I never saw him before. And now since I saw the movie, I've seen him in about a half dozen commercials. He's a actor in a model, which to me says. Yeah, British. That's not always happened. I don't know. He's not the model. Yeah, we'll see that. At least in this movie, when he's modeling and he's ads, you don't look like good, but nevertheless, and there's a lot of flesh in there. Not even if you don't see what you want to see, but I didn't see what I wanted to see, but There's a lot of screw and tattoo and whatever. And the ending of the movie, and the most amazing part of the whole thing, we saw it's a great ending, is that come to fight out of the Woody Allen movie, which had a no-night in the beginning, and everyone watched it. I hate Woody Allen, like poison. And there was none of that catchy New Yorkie and the whole thing was done. And then he was, no, it wasn't like that. And he wasn't all, also he wasn't in it. Thanks God. So if anybody wants to see a really good flick, you'd be like Scarlett Johansson, for example, this could be one reason, or maybe like Jonathan Reesmeyers. Do fair. Whatever his name is, go see it. I mean, go get it. You're going to get it. Believe me, you're like it. If you're like that, we'll be shot and then you'll learn to judge to a dumb ass. And he can watch it. Guess who came out of the closet over the weekend? Not, no, not Charlie Chris. Where we know that. Did you see the story? About who? Doogie? Or you saw it. Yeah. What I'd tell you years ago, I thought he liked to do a doogie style. You did. I knew you didn't. Neil Patrick Harris is gay in wants to quail any rumors to the contrary. I'm quite proud to say that I'm a very content gay man. Living my life to the fullest, Terry Harris tells people, magazines website. The 33 year old actor said he was motivated in this closest sexuality because of recent speculation and interest in his private life and relationships. Harris stars on the CBS comedy How I Made Your Mother Your Mama. He starred on TV as a teen, played the name, said Doctor on the series Doogie Howzer and the Oh God. Who cares, huh? Why would anybody really care about that? You're awesome. I'm slow. I play the theme for you, but for some reason I can't find him. I'm Doogie Howzer. Yeah, never watched it. I want to stupid. I mean, I may be trying to watch it when it first came on. You know, I watched it once and it was really stupid and I never made that. And I was against more than enough. 867 votes have today's poll. Let's Charlie Chris come and I'll certainly hopefully be for the election tomorrow. How important are Tuesday's elections to you? That's our poll question. Very, 412. Very important. Life in death, 178. Somewhat, 179. Not at all, 48. Not much, 40. What, me worry, 39. I hate this polls only got seven. And I, because I put an alternative on there. I just hate 26. Ha ha ha ha ha. What are I talking about? We just, we hate 26. And I hate to pull them. So there's a more honest response I guess. And how could you hate that poll anyway? The Mars is the right election day. 868 votes are goal is 869. Not so little of Eric is. Front page story on 10 and time magazine this week. God versus science can really instead up to the test. No. You know, they put these things on there like, like we're all about your five. Yeah. We're all about your five year old children, right? Which I guess in this territory, in this subject matter, most people are equivalent to like five year old children. It's in the base that long predates Darwin, but the anti-religion position is being promoted with increasing insistence by scientists, angered by so-called intelligent design, and excited perhaps intoxicated by the disciplines increasing ability to map quantify and change the nature of human experience. Look like we're looking at Reverend Ted for example, he's your change of experience. He has seen. He has seen. Oh, stop. Same old, tired, crap. And all these stupid bastards out there, all these getchies, slup and bring in their money and turning it over, all these phony gray robbers, all these fakers, all these closet queens and preverts, brain imaging and illustrates in color the physical seat of the will and the passions challenging religious concept of a soul independent of glands and gristle, brain chemists, tracking balances that account for the ecstatic state's visionary saints or some suggest of Jesus. Maybe they saw Jesus on Hall of Aback in the old days. You think they ate Hall of Ab? You lost it. Hall of Ab. Catholic Catholicism, Christophe Cardinal Schoenburn, as dubbed the most further face-held in scientists, followers of scientists and more evolutionism since they hope science beyond being a measure, can replace religion as a worldview and a touchstone, wouldn't that be a breath of fresh year? Science. Oh God, the work of the devil again, Satan's added again. It is not an effort that fits everyone wielding a test tube. But a growing proportionally, professions experience of what one major researcher calls unprecedented outrage and perceived insults to research and rationale ranging from the legends of the Christian right on Bush administration science policy to the fanatic faith of the 911 terrorist to intelligent designs ongoing claims. Some are radicalized enough to publicly pick an ancient scam. The idea that science and religion far from incumbent upon the men responses to be unknown are at other odds. There are at other odds. Finding a spokesman for this dialogue, question wasn't hard since Richard Dawkins perhaps is foremost a polemistist, has just come out with the God delusion. The rare volume whose position is so clear at four goes a subtitle. The God delusion, I got to get that. The five-week New York Times bestseller, now at number eight, attacks faithfully, softly and assertively as well as scientificly, but leans heavily under William Theory, which was Dawkins expertise as the young scientist, and more recently as a applicator of evolutionary physiology, applicator of the explicator. What's that, I guess he has to placate. Dawkins said, are you eating again? You cow, you pig, you're going to be eating it like the hump or the bacon from how we just cut it out. It's just seriously. The guy that I see him gets bigger and bigger. It's like somebody has stuck a bicycle pump over there. God man, what a jackass. Dawkins and his peers have a swarm of articulity, logical opponents, of course, but the most ardent of these are really care much about science and an argument in which one party stands, removal of the unscripted or in the other removal, on the periodic table, doesn't get anyone very far. Most Americans occupy the middle ground. We want it all. We want to cheer on science and studies and still humble ourselves on the Sabbath. Right. We want access to both MRIs and miracles. We want to bait some issues like STEM cells, without conceiting that the business is so enthrased intrinsically inemicable as to make discussions fruitless. And form conciliate is a reason that we become more vocal and foremost among them as Francis Collins, Collins, diversity of genetics, of possible grid of endocons. Director of the National Human Genome Research Institute since 1993. He hit a multi-national 2400 scientist team that co-mathed the three billion biochemical levels of our genetic blueprint, a milestone that then person, a Clinton added in a 2000 White House ceremony, comparing the genome chart to Merre, whether Lewis's map of his faithful, continental exploration. Collins continuously visits students to the genome and mining it for medical breakthroughs. He is also a fourth-right Christian who converters for Mithiism at the age of 27. And now finds tendered by young evangelical scientists and how to declare their faith in sciences largely agnostic upper reaches. All the Getskis, all the time. The feast name, so the best talent for the feast is the old rotors, course-writio 560. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. You're a little fan of it. Everybody's running fast. I just do a thing. It's the act of history. It was the art of you. Everyone got the stuff I see. Yeah. So much, what you're doing. They've done it for a day. And I told you, for a day. I told you, for a day. I told you, for a day. I told you, for a day. I told you, for a day. I told you, for a day without you. It was part of that day transussionasam." I just say, Ya gotta hate those people, always kiss like不icles and brazenesss like dorittou. We leave, everything we can. Then the state of Ragnol. I'd water for a cold bread, we'd love your husband's name. I wrote in Jamie for his name, you. Back at you, yesterday. We don't find you see our jobs, though. Not by the dynamite's blue. We're passing 85, J.L. I don't need to shoot them. All's out, all is crazy. The tax of Paris can win. I got everybody's turn and I said, I ask you a Wednesday. My daughter is not Mr. Vorat, when he said it's funny and all hell in your pain, your pants, yes you will. And I said don't miss a match point. And here's a facts right off the bat. It says, when my wife asked me to rent a match point and I wanted to whether I was not looking forward to it, expecting another satpy chick flick. But I was way off. You are absolutely correct, sir. It was excellent. Absolutely correct. And you're right. Where was it, the facts? I'm glad you got to see it. And of course, George and Josh won't have to be talking to watch it because it's got, what's your name in it? It's currently hard to answer. Yeah. And it's amazing. I never knew that Woody Allen had any talent at all, much less to this much. It's really well-disturac. Can I figure what the story is about? So Jonathan Rees-Sum-Lyer is who's the star, Chris. And he's a former tennis player and tennis coach, and whatever he's at, I don't know, like, supposed to be off 30, whatever I would say. Thought, heard him, man. And he meets this chick and she's like part of this very, very wealthy family, very wealthy family, with his big mansion, and it's a British thing. And anyway, so he gets married to her eventually. And then his brother and law, her brother, he's the one that's a dating Scarlett Johansson. And then they have a falling out, and he finally mirrors some other chick. And so to make a long story short, Chris winds up having an affair with Scarlett Johansson. I don't want to give it away, I don't want to scroll it for us too good. OK, I'm not going to say to the rest, but it just when it gets to the end, there's a great line there at the end of the movie. The line, I want to make sure I have a right. I don't have a right. Don't tell me the line. No, no, it doesn't give anything away. It's just a good line about it. Because they finally, they've been trying to have a kid, they'll Chris and the wife. And finally, she gets pregnant. And the end of the movie, you see, there's the baby is born in the Adiania. And the brother-in-law says, well, one of the families is that I hope he's very talented. And then the mother says, oh, well, he's certainly going to be. And somebody says, no, I've found important that he's found, I hope that he's lucky. He's kind of like some surprising for the whole movie. Anyway, speaking of Getskis, he really did this in his crazy people in general. Well, Catherine Harris was made past comments that raised questions about her religious sensitivity, created a telephone prayer service recently. They've got would bring the hearts and minds of our Jewish brothers and sisters into alignment. Oh, oh. Oh, she's a crazy bitch. Yes, she is. Harris spoke when said Friday that the long book he Republican was advocated like the Christian office holders was talking about converting Jews to vote Republican up to Christianity. And a conference called Prayer Service sponsored by a religious conservative group about Robert Turd. Harris expressively said Florida will lead the nation in a spiritual reawakening. She said that will include changes in government, including prayer in schools, and changes in tax regulations on churches and charities. Oh, y'all, I'm all for that last part. Start taxing the crap autumn. 90%. We just decree and declare there will be a shift for this nation that there'll be an enormous revival. Even a revolution as we speak, she prayed. Once again, we'll rejoice. We rejoice with your son and bring this nation to alignment with your government and your with your kingdom principles and authority. Harris's comment solicited concern from the head of the National Jewish Organization on governmental policy was tractor campaign. Jeffrey Passick, president of the Jewish Social Policy Action Network, city couldn't tell what Harris meant but cities troubled by her comments. Harris appears to be asserting the country should be governed by religious law and advocating alignment between American law which he interprets as biblical law. Well, God is a Republican, isn't he? After all? Yes, and straight. When told of Harris is, I would not be too sure about that. When told of Harris said that he meant aligning with Republicans pass, I said, there is room to read her statements as being extremely insensitive. I can't know what he meant. I can only look at them and say, they continued to trouble me. And August Harris told an abuse from the Florida Baptist witness, if you're not electing Christians, then in essence you're going to legislate sin. You know, good Christians like Mark Foley, people like that. And of course, Charlie. Yeah, Chris. Yeah, don't forget that preacher. Well, he's not an orifice holder though. preacher Father Tan. Yeah. He ain't holding orifice. Well, I think somebody was massaging his orifice. Intermediate Wednesday with a poll at US Bill Nelson, Orlando and moderator Tim Russell questioned her about that. She said she meant that everyone should be involved. Everyone should vote and everyone should run for office if they wish. I never said you have to be a Christian. I was distinguished me distinguishing myself between Bill Nelson and how he says he votes versus how he actually votes she said to Russell, even though the comment didn't mention Nelson. Robert Thurton comments about Jews took place during an awakened nation conference called Prayer Service and attended by Ken Malone, senior pastor of Lighthouse World Outreach and Davenport. His website says the ministry has an apostol. What is it? Apostolic governmental role, apostolic, you idiot. And apostolic, I'm having trouble with words today. Okay, it's probably because I'm so old now, probably having a senior moment. His website says the ministry has an apostolic governmental role in seeks to shift the government and courts of our nation. Florida, he says, is the forerunner to the nation in that mission. Florida is in the missionary position. Alongs organization set up a series of telephone prayer services that involve people who refers to as prophetic intercessors and prophetic teachers. I think he met prophetic, not prophetic. The recording of one of the involving Harris is disappeared from the sights since the Tampa Tribunal. Pastor can't paint about it. It just vanished like magic. The short speech and later a prayer on the conference call. Harris said Florida is key with regard to a shift in his nation and no doubt these elections inflow to our key as well. That's why there is such spiritual warfare. As regard to a shift in his nation, I think there's an extra letter in that word. In the prayer the end of the conference calls. She saw God's help to bring these goals about. And Father awakened our churches now. She prayed, treat the pastor's hearts. So those who think there's no place for government have them understand kingdom government. How they need to be involved in the governance on this earth because God is our governance. She had it in Father God right now in the day after the Jewish New Year, Father after the day after the retombin. As they enter into the New Year, Father God. I just pray that we bring the hearts and minds of our Jewish brothers and sisters into alignment. She prayed for the safety of Israel, your sacred nation, Father. Father, for your father she said, for your father. You're out of line, you boy. How about for her mother, for your mama, bitch. Katherine Harris, a crazy person. How much chances she got, much less than minus infinity. Thank you. Thanks God. Although I think she's here right in with Kendall Way America's going on. George recommends the movie which I talked about at length which you forgot about. Aaron Russo's America, Freedom of the Fashions recommends it hardly. Well, that's all the trailers. So I can't wait. You haven't seen the movie yet. And as far as that, what's that voting movie? The ton HBO right now. Stealing the boat. How can I go to democracy? How can democracy? That's it. Saw it again. Right. And it's just a scary, just as bone-chilling. So everyone needs to see that like today. Let's see. It's on the HBO today. Let's see East West Latino today. We're going to learn tomorrow on regular Sunday. We'll watch it and Spanish. It'll be on HBO East tomorrow morning and 9 o'clock. So before you go vote, watch that. Mm-hmm. And then well, maybe like I said, after you come home from voting watching, because otherwise, if you watch this, you might want to not vote. You think, oh, what's the sense of voting? Because it's all hacked anyway. And on here comes hacked the wife. 1042 at 5.60, WQAM experienced the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. And don't forget at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. It doesn't make any difference with time. The month of purchase of vehicle, you always get to best deal. Whether it's the beginning of the month, the middle, the month, the week from circus whenever. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV or their large selection of great certified for your own cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, you'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing you in comparable service. Offering a scarce loob courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washes too. Making a payment to our business development center, you can even earn Dealer miles, just like frequent flyer miles with your airline. Browse Mercedes-Benz of Pompano's indoor expert with over 150 great new and pre-owned vehicles or just go to benz.com. The next is the Mercedes-Benz. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. The next is the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. I love the way those end are really, awesome. The next series will be the Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. We've got the rejoined buried in the middle of so many spots now. I can it's like a contest now. Well the real rejoined please stand up, you know joke. That's far as for an idiot. Hey Clare as you jackass. 10 49 is to live before the hour. We got guilty for Mandag who missed his flight. What a jackass. Uh, guilty to the four. Got the power hour I guess with the hanking guilty. I don't know what's going on. And hank will be on four to seven. Curtis and the beast. Seven to ten and then a kid ten o'clock. No game. No pants or no nothing. Very strange schedule. A pants is played on. I don't know what till there was it Friday. And now they no play against all Rangers on Wednesday. Very strange. Here's a fact that says, Borat movie is very funny. You will love it. Neil has chose how racist nigger in the US really is. Comic genius. Also saw cocaine cubboys. If you looked in Miami during the late 70s or 80s you must watch it. And then it says promise you will. cocaine cowboy raise your hand. Okay, I promise that you're let 10 on your my legs across the my eyes and my nuts. And in the amazing thing of that game last night is Tom Brady had three balls three of his balls tipped. How that feel then it says I listen to your advice promise you'll. You know die hard Finn fan happy I'm ready for the first time in a while. Golfons number 32 baby. It's a yeah. Joe. I noticed that actually actually what's his name grossman shoot a ball right in adjacent Taylor Sanford. And I noticed that joint heritage reciprocated and sure what the hands of the line back up for the bears remember that one Josh. Uh, there was a line man Alex Brown, but yeah, what we're going to hell was see there he goes. He got what a jackass. Yeah, that's going to be interesting. I want you to monitor the Humphord today. See because mad dog or jackass. I'm sorry dumbass. I get a long ass. Oh, wow. One asked you know you see when you see them all except for Scarlett Johansson. Try to think if you see Adam there's not much. Drivers have been asked to use Alden at Roots after soft bond tank of rig water one off on 95 on was three below the elevator roadway around north 130 first week and exploded in a flame this morning. At least one person was reported dead. FHP spokesman was headed past saying S&L. So the crash occurred around nine o'clock this morning. New the i95 exit entrance ramps in northwards 130 fifth sweep. He said to take your collider with a pickup truck and tons off i95 and crashed and exploded. S&L said the rig's driver was killed. It wasn't immediately known if the fire that followed the explosion caused any structural damage to i95 in that area. And spectaciously been called in in the road in that area, or main closed until they complete their work. Firefighters used foam to contain the fire and a 30 said they needed a dowse nearby Saint James Catholic church with water. They oughter. The church also houses the school which was evacuated flames are reported out by nine thirty this morning. But a huge plume of smoke Still hung over the area TV station showed the chart almost skeletal like remains of the foam soap tanker which had crashed under road near 441. The crash called all southbound traffic in the area in the backup was miles long. It wasn't immediately known how long to be shut down. So those of you who are still sitting in traffic good luck to you. Okay that will teach you. That will teach you to be driving in south Florida. For a sure Miss driving not. You know what? I what's the point of time I got to point I felt where if I was ever like two old a driver I just was in In the situation where you didn't have to drive anymore. I would really miss it. Ask me if I miss it. No. No. Miss my Corvettes like you know driving on the open road like on a big highway without hardly any traffic. I miss that the field. You know the field under your foot The field when the three year you nuts get the ball a ball's good tip. I see nuts. Hey, hey. Let's get to you. Uh huh. Well, that's what Rocky discworld told me. That was a fruity and tip. A group that claims marijuana uses safer than drinking. Rand news paper ads is passed weekend mentioning allegations that President Bush wants drug only challenges father who will fight and vice president Chinese accidental shooting or friend after drinking. Feature. Yeah, you did. Safe or Colorado would put a measure on the Colorado Valley to legalize possession of marijuana placed in an newspaper in Greeley. That's Colorado where Bush made an appearance on Saturday. Was that horse Greeley who said go west, y'all man? Who? The end of the Greeley Tribune had a photo of Bush accompanied by text that right in 1972. Who did say that go west, y'all man? Horace Greeley wasn't it? I don't know. I got a gorilla. Go west. Horace Greeley. All right. All right. Oh my god. Let's make an uproar at the butcheringers words in the first story. Almost. So who was horse Greeley? Guy. Really? The end of the Greeley Tribune had a photo of Bush accompanied by text that right in 1972. This man tried to fight his dad when he was drunk. Just one more reason to vote. Yes on 44. The end was referring to published reports that in 1972 a 26 year old Bush had come home drunk and challenged his father to a fight. No matter reportedly was settled without violence. The group ran the Cheney at McGizzetta Colorado Springs a day after he spoke to troops of the nearby Fort Carson Army post and attended campaign rally. The head said shot his friend in the face after drinking just one more reason to vote. Yes on 44. Cheney well we know what he did. They were both in town and they're simply taking this opportunity to draw attention the fact that alcohol contributes to far more problems than marijuana said Mason Tever at the group's campaign director. I wonder if Tever is a pervert. White House spokesman Tony Snow asked for a comidaboder for his one is Bush headed and text this after the rally. This missed the ads as kind of snarky and juvenile. I'm not sure they did their cause much good. He said. Referendum 44 which is on tomorrow's ballot which would allow adults to carry up to an out-samerawanna similar to an ordinance than verbot is approved last year. No other state allows pop possession or anything other than medical use. Federal law also permits possession. A recent poll is 625 registered voters by Mason Vix and Polion Research found 34% of voters support the measure 57% of post it. How do you like that? Much of Yahoo Rednecks. Probably smoking a carpet. Probably smoking each other. Probably smoking a sausage. 955 votes on the poll. What a dumbass. Misses flight. Can you believe that? And when you think there would be a flight back in a morning? I mean, I just think maybe that's when the flight was an emissed. Maybe over a select from the stress of all that part again in the big celebration of the Delta and Victory over the Debarres. I'm thinking he had too many green lizards as he said. That could be it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just going to just want to rub it in just because Hank keeps calling you a dumbass. What do you care what Hank calls you and he's going to be doing pretty soon anyway if he doesn't stop eating. Stop the eating already my god. He's humongous. Maybe it's just a TV. Maybe it's just my said. You know, because it's a big screen. How do you look on your said Josh? Of course you got a big one too. Screen. Is that pretty good? He looked there. You know, like it does here. That. What an embarrassment. 965 votes. How important are the results? You very important for 59 life in death 197. They're sitting on the edge of their seatman. They run pins and needles. Somebody important 128. Not at all 55. What me worry 46. Not much 42. I just hate 31 and I hate this poll 7. You see that? Now that we separate it and divide it by by golly. I hate the poll 7 but I just hate 31 and general. And that's the Florida Affirmative. Yes, me. They just hate the biggest names. This challenge for the business is the O'Rodger's 420560. If you ate them. This is the New Rogers Show. And rip on a ace. Everybody's all the time. But the凍cats are away from life in Florida. That's the life for him. I'm afraid to answer in hospital. Betet's.... known with rips by a ace. Everybody all the time. R On 10, do primus and spears. Hogwarts placed in the Nebula Island on 14th. We're at a few like stars With a much better interest We'll fly through to the ball Then give us red love over a thousand We'll try to win those We'll go through magic balls And we'll fly in eight seven five All the time All the time And we'll go through Top things in the free To the ball From the ball And we'll go through It's 11.05.60WQA I'm happy Monday to remember Since the day after my birth There's a day before election day Well, it's like a big day sandwich Okay Or something like that Of course really by the way In case you really want to know Maybe it didn't but tell Tell anyway I kind of did it Was an American editor of a leading newspaper Founder of the Republican Party Reformer in politician His new art criminal is America's most influential newspaper From 1840-1870 He used it to promote the wig and Republican Party He's the wig party I wonder if Moisman As well as anti-slavery and host reforms Well, when you stop back and think about that piece That he used to wear Wow It puts a smile on your face And yet the green Cruisating against the corruption You must use this grant to Republican administration Was the presidential candidate in 1872 A liberal, a new liberal Republican party Despite having the initial support of the Democratic party Lost in a landslide Horace really He was born in Amherst, New Hampshire The son of a poor farmer He declined a scholarship to Phillips Exeter Academy Let's school ladies for a team He appointed as a predator moving to New York in 1831 In 1834 he founded the wig leader in the Yorker Which is mostly comprised of clippings from other magazines In 18 like our website In 1836 we really married Mary Cheney Greely Oh wow Mary Cheney Greely is sometimes suffragette Horace Greely spent his little time as possible with his wife and would sleep in a boarding house When in New York City Of their 7 children only two daughters reach maturity And it goes on Really supported liberal policy towards settlers He memorably advised the ambitious to go west young man Though the phrase originally was written by John Soll in the Terahode of stress in 1851 It's most often attributed to really like I stayed A champion of the working man He attacked monopolies of all sorts and rejected land grant Oh I guess it was a vegetarian river penis Yeah look what good it did Yeah he was Jewish A champion of the working man he attacked monopolies of all sorts And rejected land grants to railroad industry would make everyone rich and assisted As he promoted high terror She supported vegetarianism opposed liquor And paid serious attention to any ism anyone proposed What made the tribune such a success was the extensive news stories Very well written by Britain to report is New York Tribune which he founded But together with future articles by fine writers When the New Republic in an party was found in 1854 We made the tribune its official unofficial national organ And fought slavery extension in the slave power and every page On the eve of the Civil War circulation nation white of first 300,000 He said it was a news reports explained the policies and of the candidates of the royal wood party Where we put it in discusser off the country Many small newspapers relied heavily on the reporting and tutorials of the tribune Service congressman for three months 1848 to 49 We'd failed to numerous other attempts to win elective office And re-construction he took an erratic course Mostly favoring the radicals in opposing prison and rude Johnson His personal guarantee of bail for Jefferson Davis in 1867 Stun many of his long time readers have found canceler subscriptions After supporting US grant the 1868 election Really broke with grant and joined the Liberal Republic in party in 1872 To everyone's astonishment The nominated grill is their presidential candidate even more surprisingly He won the support of many Democrats who is part of he had excorted in for decades As a candidate, really are you that reconstructed was a success The war was over the Confederacy destroyed slavery was dead It was time to pull federal troops out of the south and let the people there run their own affairs A weak campaigner who is mercilessly ridiculed as a fool and extremist a turncoat And a crazy man who couldn't be trusted by the Republicans The most vicious attacks came in cartoons by Thomas Nast In Harper's Weekly Really ultimately ran far behind the ticket can only win 43% of the vote The crushing defeat was not really his only misfortune In 1872 it was among civil high profile investors who were defrauded by Philip Arnold And famous diamond and gemstone hoax Meanwhile has really been pursuing his political career White law read owner of the New York Carol head care game control of the Tribune Not long after the election grielly's wife died He descended into madness and died before the electoral votes could be cast He descended into madness kind of like Greg Reed In his final illness spotting Reed Spawn That's white law read That was the I just got sure you weren't listening White law read under the Harold King control of the Tribune He descended into madness not before the electoral votes could be cast In his final illness spotting Reed That's a white law not Greg outlaw He cried out you son of a bitch you still my newspaper And duck cast And died at a 50 p.m. on Friday in November 29th 1822 at Chappacaw Even though we received no electoral votes three of George's electoral votes were left blank In honor of him The really home in Chappacaw nearer now houses the New Castle historical society The local high school is named for him And the name of the school newspapers pays homage to the 19th century paper owned by Horace Chappacaw And then you got Mary Cheney really Oh my ready see all of it and then you got Greg Reed in there too going So, but what a crazy like that in students somebody's newspaper You probably put Gary Jack asked to work on a random sports car 989, but we're going to have by the time we come back from the ice break Whenever that's going to be we'll have over a thousand votes And then we can take a nice C.S. to Monday man Good day for a good C.S. to The American conservative of a magazine started by Pat F.U.K. And he was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man He was a very good man The magazine is invaded against the Bush team And he and harsher And harsher terms In fact this is part of their article from last week They said next week Americans will vote for candidates who has spent much of their campaigns And restaurants in state and local issues But no future historian will linger over the ideas for the fourth of improving schools And correcting funds to highway projects The meaning of this election will be interpreted in one of two ways The American people endorsed the Bush presidency Or did what they could do to repudiate it Such an interpretation will be simplistic even unfairly So nevertheless The fact that we'll matter is the raw number of Republicans Democrats elected the House and Senate. It should surprise few videos that we think of both that is seen in American and the world of large as a decisive no vote on the Bush presidency is the best outcome. We need not dwell on Jordan Bush and his failed effort to jam a poorly disguised amnesty for illegal aliens to Congress, or the assaults on the Constitution carried out of the pretext of fighting terrorism, or as administrations endorsement of torture. Based on 911 with a great challenge, President Bush made little effort to understand who would attack us and why, the necessary nor in the pre-represent for crafting an effective response, he seemingly did not want people to find out he did not want to find out and he staffed his national security team with people who did not want to know or were committed to a pre-fabricated answer. A pre-fabricated answer. Got that? Oh yeah, I got it. Do you know that River Femes was a vegetarian? I do know. As a consequence, he rushed to market to a war against the Iraq War when now losing in Cannot win, one that's done far more to strengthen his longness to everything because they could possibly have done for themselves. And Bush's decision to seize Iraq will almost surely leave behind a broken state divided into war in ethnic enclave with hundreds of thousands killed and mained, and thousands more thirsting for revenge against the country that crossed the ocean to attack them. The invasion failed at every level. If securing Israel was part of the administration of calculation as the records of just a once for several of his top fates, the result is also clear, the strengthening of Iran's hand in the Persian Gulf of the reach up to Israel's northern border, and the elimination of the most powerful Arab state that might stay in Iranian regional hegemonies. See there I go again. Hegemonies. Hegemonies. Every article I read today is loaded with the words that I don't understand. I understand him. I just can't read him. Can't pronounce him. Go away, young man. That's all right. Nobody knows the difference. The war will continue. Nobody's listening is what you're trying to say. Nobody knows how you say those words right anyway. We have a thousand votes. That's all that counts. Forget about hegemonies. Screw it. It's a stupid word anyway. The war will continue as long as Bush is in office for no other reason and the effectiveness present can't face the investment of admitting defeat. The chain of events is not complete. Bush having learned little from his mistakes may yet seek to enroll American award against Iran in Syria. There may be little Americans get due to a tone for this presence, which will stain our country's reputation for a long time. But the process of recovering our good name must begin somewhere, and the logical places in the voting booth is November 7, sounds like tomorrow to me. If we are fortunate we can produce results that are seen in Washington and P.O.A. and the world capitals from Prague to Kuala Lumpur as a reputation in George W. Bush and the War of Aggressiony launched against Iraq. On November 7, the world will be watching as we go to the polls seeking Washington with the American people of the wisdom and try to correct the disastrous course. Posterity will know two of their collective decisions. One that captured the attention of historians that of a people voting again and again to endorse the leader taking a country in a catastrophic direction. The choice is in our hands. That's the idea. I'll just have to be candid to vote again and again. Vote early in the often man. Vote 20 30 40 times. Third man against these and the Ophanches. Now is in votes on the poll. Aren't you impressed? No, you're not. It's always the same. I was asking. Oh, by the way, who's saying that was sent to death. They're going to hang his ass maybe. Yeah. Like that's supposed to be changing a couple of votes. You think so? No. Well, I was a surprise. You know? I was surprised. And of course, in the midst of all of this, none of these talking heads in the media discussed. Who'd help put him in there in the first place to put you in gases on people? Who props up all the dictators, huh? We do. And so who cares if they put him to another given a cookie? What difference does that make over here or over there? Oh, sugar cookies, Michael sugar cookies. Oh, that's Sandy Peyton Manning boy. She was the best. When she went to, and of course, everybody in the place hated her like poison at the IOD. Have a nice day. Except for course for the queen. Never met her. I never did either. In fact, I was hoping to meet her again. Then right when I thought I was going to get a chance to meet her. She ran off with an bishop's body. Remember that? I do. Thousands and two votes on the poll. And don't forget that we don't say it in one year. Man, oh, my dog today. He was a real dumb ass. He misses like back from Chicago, so we got back from two to four. The biggest name. So best to Alex. If this is real rot, rest. Force, video, 560. You should hate him. How long have you left the rejoin? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5. I've got a stop rejoin on QIM. Do we play this season that we're lagging in the home? Hey, we're about to head by side. We'll be here by the door. You said, you said, you said, you're the one. We get out of here. I don't need one. Hey, take a look. Open your mouth, sister. We got it. Now we're looking at share. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got you. Nothing mine in the lips. Everything got you in your teeth. And can't any double put hope in normal as you think. Need some good. The waterfall has been used But still in the sense of the world with truth Maybe a lecture about With a daughter Don't you start a game with your daughter Death of our own, be with your daughter You're a good girl You're a good girl It's time to say, no, I've been around for a long time I've been sent to die, and I'm going to hang your eyes And you're going to have to do that Quite an accomplishment Yet with worth all those guys dying And all those are the wreckies of a life That's correct All the bloodshed and terror and the devastating Everything will be great And now that that conviction happens Let's see, see, and they are like this pool From November 3rd to 5th over the weekend 38% get about Republican for Congress 58% Democrat and the average of all the examples 41% Republican, 53% Democrat A 12 point age for the Donkeys An automated voice at the other end of the phone ask What do you believe that judges who push homosexual marriage And create new rights like abortion's Sodom may should be controlled If you reply, yes, the voice lets you know that Democratic candidate the center race in Montana John Tester is not your man In Maryland, the similar question answers He questions just that only the Republican center candidate would keep the words under God and the pledge of allegiance And Tennessee and other paints of Democrat Is one and the four interrests The same legal rights in privileges as Americans Using a telemarketing tactic as best known for Steering consumers to buy products The organizers of the political telephone call City have reached hundreds of thousands of homes in five states Over the last of which an emotional one votes for Republicans Democrats say the calls for a distorted picture No The Ohio base Conservatives behind the new campaign We've heard in former Procter and Gamble managers See the automated system can reach vast numbers of people That are fraction of the cost of traditional volunteer phone banks And is the most ambitious political use to tell marketing technology Of our undertaker. Here's a fact two great folks you may want to check out Meow, where's your dockins the God delusion And John Perkins confessons of any economic hitman Thanks a lot Bobby, I'm floored by that Remember Bobby a total flooring? Okay, yes seems very familiar to me Well, you know chronic practices chronic callers But a good one thanks Bobby like I said don't take it personally unless you want to Critics say the automated calls for are a twist on push pulls A campaign tactic that's often criticized as deceptive Because it involves calling potential voters under the guys of measuring public opinion While the real intent is to change opinions with questions that push people in one direction They're pushing it baby. They're pushing it kind of like father Ted man I have seen him say the same little crap all over again Whether it's Jimmy Swagger or Paul's crotch or Jim Baker or this figure this figure Haggard Haggard the Faggard oh and David Crow the former number two official at faith based emissions is the first remember We were watching on Thursday or Friday and they said now let's go to see it in faith and And values reporter remember that yes. I was right here and I values reporter I chortled And I thought to myself oh my god That's when they bring on these ethicists right like what makes you an ethicist? She be smart. I see David Crow who's best seller tempting faith about the dangers of mixing Club Paul and evangelical said he met Ted Haggard only a few times But he says this episode is said and him nonetheless especially the headline grabbing fallout of Haggard's admissions At the end of the day this comes down to bringing Jesus into politics He said right now it's not Ted Haggard on trial. It's Jesus. This is about to God he represents when you make yourself a public figure when you fall You bring the perception of your God with you Jim Dawson's response was particularly telling Crow said Of the uncensored leading evangelical James Dawson a real far-bison he basically blamed the controversy on gaz and Democrats When evangelical leaders can't see beyond two of them any question one on earth is happening. Crow says The new life church was the starting place of many evangelical pastors who found out across the country and Haggard was their mentor Crow's own church in the EC server. This is led by former Haggard accolites The interconnectedness of so many congregations along with Haggard's recently political event both amplify the effect of the scandal The evangelical obsession with homosexuality makes this especially ironic for many evangelical leaders anything related to homosexuality is this special dark sin But that's not what the Bible said said quote, we need to sit like us if in your neighbor Jesus didn't even mention it all so got some few neighbors then go get the You know All right Crow also says is important remember that this is not just a scandal or a news story But a moment of deep pain for Haggard's congregants lost in all of this are the thousands of people the guest keys and Colorado Springs Where desperately hurting he says oh always them They're desperately hurting no to feel really bad for them No, they deserve okay when you bite a bunch of crap you know what you get crap When you buy into a bunch of bull crap you get a bunch of crap that's right amen Politely crossies a potential to reduce the evangelical vote tomorrow I think he's significance in the Haggard thing is this building case against evangelical involvement in politics Christians are smart He says they can see what influence politics is having all Christians are smart wow Ever made a smart Christians have like an oxy moron domain For saying that anybody who believes in any religion is smart not dumb like Fredo smart Better a lot of smart people that pretended to be a Christian because it was expedient About one more hell Mary Fredo come on metal though See if he get people to put food to perform rituals man then you got them crossing themselves doing real Mary's Whatever it is we're in the bed the beanie on your head all of these things Ever see a queeny we're in a bean yeah, Paul Lee wants to know uncommon dreams that org is their method tech hangards heaven What a mess way way when we practice to the thief Is their method tech hangards heaven does it rot your teeth and is 2005 Barbara Walters interview Hagrid says you can eat all the food you want and then and heaven and never gain weight. Oh, I want to go there now Can you shoot all the messy one never lose your teeth and grow a macheted? What about unprotected sex with gay prostitutes you get divine protection against AIDS or only if you give regular spiritual advice to the president I hope the Republicans blame gays for Murphy's family problems now that Hagrid's been outed by a gay prostitute for having sex with him and buying meth And as resigned as president the initial association of evangelicals I want to let it all take for the good people in the pews to call leaders like Hagrid Jerry fallwell and James Thompson to account for their means spirit and hypocrisy And maybe even to approach the world with more forgiveness and less vindictiveness I hope they watch us move on to other seductive leaders Was similarly project their fears and flaws on whomever they choose to demonize it might be too much to hope But maybe this is an opportunity for the rest of us to reach out to those who call themselves born again Christians and challenged them To listen a bit more closely to the Jewish preacher who's vision men like Hagrid Pauval and Thompson routinely profane Maybe they could even find some other lessons in those biblical text Instead they're caused by Blessings that genuinely are profatic voices like Desmond Tutu's you mollus and Martin Luther King They have made a core vision that actually promotes human dignity instead of sampling it a lot of typos in that story A lot of mistakes And like I'm supposed to as I'm going along correct the mistakes and sound like a coherent and what I'm talking about No, but like you said nobody's paying attention anyway, so what difference is a make what point as long as this voice is here baby Like the jackass Roger Houston At the meadows the voice what an ego what a what a pompous ass what it What's the word I'm a dumbass that's the word of the day dumbass Now you wanted to man equal time Josh you have to go in there and try and pop a down on the counter in front of you I'll go in a control my Hank is on it's only right isn't that that's correct and say if I'm a dumbass because I'm Mr. Flight how come the mad dog Heated dumbass okay, and a hopper look what it's you and say guess what you ain't no mad dog Now what he's saying subtly that or it's a bringing someone who's a donuts Yeah, the ones with the sprinkles and ones that Vinnie has to do neat yet You haven't seen that picture on our that cartoon on our website by the way, it's not really a cartoon It's a picture it's a while we're taking a puke out if you ask me don't you think I mean it's been on it a long time But if anybody missed it it's right under six crimes in the Vatican which I think is a perfect spot for it a perfect position Doesn't look like any what's his name Mark Folti's in a perfect position least for him anyway Maybe not for that kid There was just Razzlin is now what it's all about it's a Razzlin picture. Yeah, it's a sports thingy and my misfoli is saying relaxed Then it's just teaching the kid to wrestle try the donuts with the sprinkles How young is too young But third man We are going to break down the door Fire our tongues And put your hand on your If you do not have here People make you disappear unless you do it semi-pathy but you We're going to pull out your hair Put screws in your skirt Grab a glue stick up your tube The coach you've been asked but has their push in them and they act and there's not a stick Everything that you have to do to help And tomorrow Pray for you as your Lord and King Or you will go to the kitchen and come if you do not agree Who is the man I am And join the Browdard life Or I will make you disappear tonight Because you're not your idol Who will help your tongue more than You drive as fight and do your feet and act You will let someone watch what you say I'm a TV with the way Or as we're making disappears Because we're acting in a beach with the bruh of holes again And put dunk your white love on your body and turn your dead Hold rock Come on, it's 132 at 5.60. W2 and by the way, Georgia got another assignment today Switch that pull this afternoon I need We said it's a match from Russell who says I beg your pardon I said I'll set a reminder Russell says happy birthday Thanks Russell If Pro is the opposite of con and what is the opposite of progress I got the answer for that It's called QAM Anyway, I'm off to the FOM fact we tour again Sample's man says the Russell Free samples and we're from South Florida so I could hear you with seven in a morning He's out there at Vegas, he's at FOM so I He's in person with a little bit of a name I give a little left of them Because they are great candies Very expensive though man Multicultural Very expensive You ever had an FOM candy? Yeah, what we were at Vegas At the FOM, I think there's one right by where the What was it? Cheesy Because he knew we stayed at the first time The Imperial Palace Imperial Palace, there's an FOM At least they used to be next to it And then in the start, I said inside the FOM Oh yeah There was an FOM Don't even know what that is Then they tear the start us down I believe they're in the process There was a what? Inside the Imperial Palace there's a little FOM shop Oh brother So I googled it And I'm looking for the one that I just absolutely loved Because I'm a toffee lunatic They have the one lucky thing that they make that I just go crazy over and it comes to find out Famous almond butter crisps Oh god Omen butter crisps You know what I'm talking about? They're like, are they're like little squares? Yeah, they're like chocolate covered coffee You like coffee? I love toffee I'm just gonna not be paid real fast Good Thanks, Raisal, but you go to the F11 Enjoy it Okay, I don't want to like balloon up like some people I know Here's what I was I was already pressed I was a guest It's like the manages out of control He's just ballooning up in ballooning You can you can just see the guy Remember years ago maybe you don't remember long enough When you used to have those what do they call those things to inflate the when your turn pressure would go down And you keep on in your trunk Target No, not a tear Oh the face It was like a pump Okay It's a pump And airpump And you'd stick to the You know And then you pump up air in the your tire When your entire pressure would go down Airpump They sound like that Says it's some kind of air pump But anyway, it looks like somebody's used one of those and inflating Don't hopper Like, yeah That was funny It had to be my TV said Nobody could be that Turnianic Wait till you hear this Speaking of all these bits that we've been playing Thanks to your product about fascist US saying all the same And knock on your door And all these other paranoid Estimations I'll plan to fingerprint LMF school students when they buy lines Has some parents worrying that big brother has come to the cafeteria The hope elementary school district in Santa Barbara, California Has notified parents at beginning this month Students at Montevista The Havale and hope elementary schools will press an index finger to a scanner Before buying cafeteria food If you want to send them to the cafeteria Santa via The scan will call up the students names and student ID Teachers name and how much the student owes And some received government assistance for food It spent the speed up cafeteria lines It raises sanitary issues privacy issues It's kind of our audience at Tina Dambey A parent of two at Montevista elementary It sounds kind of creepy she says Currently the information is written on paper and transfer to computer So reports can be compiled And sent to the state and federal governments which reimbursed School districts for the subsidized lunches served It's so archived to transfer something from a sheet of paper to a computer day by day Hope school superintendent Jerry Fauss said told the Scent of our news press A summer procedures are going to use in the Santa Barbara School District Where students punch a 60-jeno number to keep that That calls up their name photo And other details including whether they have any food allergies And that great here in the awful state Here's a little birthday card from ladies Thank you ladies happy birthday funny your non-resistant female listeners I'll keep listening as long as you and George keep talking What does it say? It says thanks, those of course I've never gotten arbitran diary Well, we wish you'd get a whole bunch of them for you and a whole family list Or for a bunch of people to make up whatever On the cover of this card is a chaining holding a shotgun All right Guys You don't answer tomorrow Listen to presence Cool like daughter, are you part of the DVDs for who and why? So I'll be sending them along with our thing with Boca Oh like Walmart the real cost a lot of stuff that you've probably seen And the something that you haven't A rack for sale Stolen Congress They did it did it did it Wal-Mart Great cinema long I will unconsor any kind of a little three or not civil rights Who killed John O'Neill? Wow Uncovered the whole truth about the order act Great well like I said, cinema long I'm more of a decent thing And I'm a send to you match point Thanks to Amazon I got a lot of one way to match point And maybe you can watch it together Okay Doug Thompson writes for this election Here's mud and everyone's eye In order to Thompson, capital, blue dot com On your very favorite comments I love to turn your ass around on that website Well you say At least I used to say it I don't know why I said it I said it That was all about But I said it was about You know what you got to do Four hours a day and you don't take any stupid calls Or you full of it Ask me if I was called No I said it's a wasted time I mean if you don't suit me, you know Eventually no matter how slow you are Or lazy or whatever It's sooner or later you've got to catch on You don't want to say it's sooner or later Like the grassroots used to say And like chicken next set Yeah, sooner or later you've got to catch on Get with the program Doug Thompson says And all the rule of politics used to say Go positive in the final days of the campaign But in today's politics rules are made to be broken Here we are the day before a bitterly contested Mentor election The mud is still flying through a garage of attack ads That are booked through the time the polls closed tomorrow Here in Virginia the Senate campaign between Republican and come to Georgia, Mercoco, which Alan And Democratic challenge of Jim Webb is one of the Dirty stuff seen in more than 40 years Of covering politics as a journalist and working inside the Political System is an operative Alan and incumbent thought safest a few months ago May go down to Marv because of his personal Biggantry and professional corruption His stumbles started when he called a native virgin of Indian In the said Makaka and increased when former classmates at the University of Virginia came forward to reveal Alan's racist rhetoric while attending college They might have been forgivable had not Alan continued his racist ways After entering politics, I've heard him call African Americans Niggers in 1984 to get in 1991 Others have since come forward to reveal a long history of racism And bigotry by the Virginia Senator But Alan is also a crook and AP investigation Revealting to millions and stock options from company He's the help rock governor of Virginia Then he tried to cover it up by failing to report the options On this financial disclosure reports You'd never know that Alan is the corrupt racist though Based on his underlating attacks on web over novels The Democrat wrote 14 years ago Alan's campaign ads paid for by the National Republican Senator Occamity accused web of sexually demeaning attitude toward women And even being a deviant because his novels contains some Seemey, Seemey, Seemey and Seemey Our breadwebs novels he's a halberider and Vuxed by dealing with distress of Vietnam hits home to those who were there The scenes about how veterans treated wives and girlfriends After returning from their war are frighteningly real But what an novelist writes a decade and a half ago is hardly important In the fact that Alan is using it shows that aspiration of his campaign And adets to which the Republicans are willing to sink to try to hold on to power Alan's racism in college might have been his old story as well Had he not continued to use racial epithets As a state legislator and candidate for Congress This is an election where Republicans have dug deep into the mud This merely opposition The blatantly racist ad that Republican National Committee went against Trold Ford and Tennessee sought to stir up southern stereotypes of black man chasing Wide women and played on the fears of the ignorant that make up so much of the GOP base On meet the press yesterday North Carolina Senator Elizabeth Dool Sucker punched a Democratic colleagues by claiming a Democratic victory on Tuesday Was a victory for terrorists and other enemies of the US A charged so-slander was that civility on the show evaporated And host Tim Russell tried vainly for a call to call a timeout The Democrats can't claim the high road they've launched vicious attack As based on misleading information as well as my own review of ads by both sides Show the GOP with a 3-1 agent slunning the mud If Republicans managed to hold on to power tomorrow on the on-state they won't They'll hold that victory to run in the most sleazy vile Liesfield campaign I've witnessed in 46 years Let's hope the voters see through the mud the lies in the sleeves If they do tomorrow could be the first step to take their government back from the Crooks and returning it to the people Okay, we're holding our breast dogs Uh Let me know what I can say one safe Thousands 72 votes on the pool. I think we're gonna have like 1100 by noon and take good 11 by 12 Hmm, kind of like the size of Hank's threat though like 11 by 12 The biggest book so best challenge I'm losing out Roger S. Bush, video 560 Just Hank Goldberg, it's a hippo-ponomus People that don't know why you're a friend You're my manager to the pool Just like when you're the owner of the free-wing This shit just falls out of me But you think it's fall off as a key I can't walk out of here Keep the camera rolling Please People don't push I'm in the new Marlene people don't push Because I've got one leave So I'm gonna fly out Take it as baby Who will do after can baby People don't push I'm a good Marlene people don't push I've got the best Marlene people don't push I'm more than what I've been living for People can't stand for what you're meant to do I got to be perfect after that kid by the way Anthony And then big good name Oh for that kid Anthony Yeah, what kid or the best 114713 We got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And they got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog And then we got a girl for the mad dog as a jerk keeps flying open we find out about all those. Yeah Republicans, huh? Oh yeah. Hip-hop worshipers hope to spread the rap. I'll ride. First came the hip-hop mass. Then a hip-hop parable and I'll group the hip-hop Christians are hoping to spread the word across the US of the new CD that puts their service to music, kind of believe it. New York Episcopal priest Reverend Timothy Holder, he's holding it, who goes by the rap name, Papa T, created the hip-hop E-mas 2 years ago after an armed hostage situation in the South Bronx Church made him focus on the neighborhoods, younger generations. Papa T, Papa Z. Using rap music and the hip-hop vernacular, he got the attention to some teenage years of young adults, going on a hold about 75 hip-hop inspired services around the country over the past two years, attracting from 12 to several thousand people. But he hopes to see me produce by his rap flock. We'll be used as the basis for more services. His rap flock. If you don't have an altar in the street, you have nothing, hold away, white middle-aged priest and nine year standing tilt rotors, and don't get me wrong, he said, we're not replacing the substitute in the Bible, we're bringing the story of the Bible to a younger generation and making him need it enough for fun. The CD-Taddle and the word was hip-hop, hip-hop E-mas, features about 13 songs including I.M. hip-hop, God is in the house, and one mic, one life, one love. What? Holders among growing number of religious leaders to use holy hip-hop through its younger generation, melding religion with language, dress, and dance moves of the culture that was born on the streets of the Bronx about 30 minutes ago. Hip-hop worshipers hope to spread their rap. They're rap and it baby. They're rap and it in serenade rap. I sure hope they rap and carefully. What the hell is that? To one love. No. One love. Just one. Little one. You name this group? One love. I'll tell you. Carpenters. Well, if you would let it play, I could have told you that. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. The red in the middle, she's like in the first half of the very, very beautiful. They never really chaps it off. You are, you are, believe you. I guarantee you never been out in what one name that tune. I'd mop the floor with that game show. And I used to, too. When I was a little kid. Tom Kennedy. Name that tune. Was he the host? I remember that. I remember all the tunes. Name that tune. Whatever happened. Well, first of all, there's almost no game shows on real ones anymore. Oh, there's that deal or no deal. What I said, there's no one where real game shows. And the price of the price is right. And I'll go and I'll steal it with a little Bobby Barker. Who's outlive two of his unouts. He's just unraising. And he just announced he was going to retire. I think you didn't mention that. He did? Yeah. How did you miss that story? Get out of here. Bob Barker's retiring. Bob Barker is retirey. Yes. He was not. He was not. I don't know. We're in hell. I'm in hiding. I'm in the other side. Oh, well. People so much that I've been shocked. I'll just catch it. And you can enjoy a delicious meal. Well, vacationing and beautiful skyline. You want to get a fly around for a touch of my friends. Let's blast your chocolate for a six night date. A luxury hotel. Enjoy the grandeur of the city surrounding his restaurant and museum. And Linda, this showcase can be your dip. The price is right. Linda, I'll give you a moment to concentrate. What do you think you want to bid on that show? There he is. Bob Barker, the reason we put it on is if he's going to retire. You're going to hear that voice. Maybe one last time. When's that going to happen? About 10 years? No. At the end of the vote. Whatever the current season is. Oh, no. This is the last one. Bob Barker. Are they going to continue to show about Bob? They're going to probably try. You know how that goes. Oh, yeah. Just like look how good a works for family few. Sure. Maybe they can get Louis B. Anderson on it. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, let's see. Tom Kennedy hosted named that tune 7481. Kathy Lee Gifford was a vocalist on the show. Oh, God. And what it went off the year. And John Harlem was the answer. See our totally Tom Kennedy. Now, tell you that I know my game show crab, Mr. Let me tell you that right now. I know my game shows. In fact, I wonder if I'm going to game show. Let me see. Do you think I have the theme? For what? Prices right? They met too. Oh, that one. Let's see. Now. No, God. Maybe he's going to have to get it. You don't got it? Nope. Gonna have to get it. Now, we're going to have to go out and play. And I don't think we're going to be going to be a ghost. Maybe it doesn't sound off like a familiar. I do have no list. I'm going to have to go. Right now, Parker. Just because I really don't find a thing up old food. Well, I will tell you this in spite of the fact we turned on Dick Clark and rightfully saw it. So, there's a bird. Maybe we could done Dick Clark. I've never done this. You never thought like a name. What an other in the hoax on the folder. The pyramid was the best. The pyramid was great. You know, remember a lot of the people who stay up. I don't want to go through all of that. Okay, that's old stuff. You're a year fall. I don't. You're a fall. Get me down to that old stuff. So, we can we take that full. Oh, gee, if we put that on and from the beginning. We devoted for that old stuff. Because here's a dot-wing old fool. You ought to retire like Bob Barker. Okay, when I get to be his Ager will. Let me have a hundred votes. How old is Bob Barker? Let me go. How old would you say? 81. Let's say, Wikipedia will tell us immediately. Or December 12, 1923. So he's coming up on his birthday. 77 is an eight is 85. He's almost 86. Well, 17 time Emmy Award winning American television game show host. And best known for hosting the prices right since September 4th, 1972. The longest running daytime game show and television history. On October 31st, he announced he would retire from hosting the prices right. Yadiyada Yadiyada and haven't been in television for 50 years. October 33. This is the first time you're mentioning it like almost a week later. Yeah, well. Well, I don't give a rat sauce. Get out of here. I know Dan Well, that when I'm sitting here with all these articles that you pretend to you care about, you're sitting there watching in prices right. Oh, you're so. And don't forget to add a petita, you're doing my spray and spade. You have to be about the odds. Bob Barker and I knew you. The pet population is right. The heavier have your wife, Newton. The feast name. So best tell us the feast. Tonight you're watching Newtons, your voice, radio 560. Hey. I am proud. I am a Russian woman. And I like scrubbing my snorkeling ass with soft-naked from jewels. And listening to the new Roche, I'm gonna use the hour. And I am proud of you admitted that there were these CIA secret facilities. So what lies that out within the long? The head of MSD International says secret sites are against international law. We just agreed this agreement and plus my job is to protect you. And most Americans people, if I said that we had to, who we thanked the mastermind. And now, I would say, the Francis, if you can't get information out of him with that portion. But just what we did. I have the obligation to make sure that our professionals who I would ask to go and conduct interrogations to find out what might be happening. Who might become a, not to this country? I have to get them to do what they need. And that is clear at law. It's an important point. And I think you're the one. The point I just made is the most important point. And that is the program has not gone for it. If you can give a hypothetical about North Korea on the other country. The point is that the program is not going to go forward. If our professionals do not have clearly law and the best way to provide clearly law. If you make sure the UK and the treatment act is a procedure. That's how we define common article three in a set of good standards for the country that you just talked about. Nice name. Common article three says that there will be no outrageous upon human dignity. But it's very thing. What does that mean? Outrage is the fun human dignity. What does that mean? Fellow to a five 60 WDQA and tomorrow's you chance to just say, Commission the New York Times. That's what it's all about. Every race even for dog culture. Those people will say, well, your abortion is not on the balance of our sure is. He's in every single race. That's right. He's on every race except a human one. A radio talk show host was fired Friday after you made a derogatory comment about the weight and sexuality of the green rainbow party candidate. Running for governor mass of two cents. WRKO told host John DeFetro from the year after you made comments Thursday. It was an unscrited. He was fired at it. In the context of what he said in the tone and which he said that the comments were completely inappropriate. Derogatory and will not be tolerated. Suggestion wolf. The vice president of a programming operations for stations owner and a con Boston. The Patriot upon us for is a marks about candidate Grace Ross. He did immediately return email request for common Friday. Ross was openly gay. Last one she heard about it. But said the comment was offensive. Big and fat. I guess that's supposed to be his way of saying he doesn't like somebody. He called her a big fat dike. After hearing the Patriot been fired. She said I think the comment was offensive in general. So hopefully as many people who stay were offended by will help set a standard of what political debate is supposed to be about. The Patriot also been recommended by station manager Lai for using a slur. Often aimed at homosexuals and reference to that MRL the former chairman of the Massachusetts turnpike authority. I mean like that. I have no doubt that terminating Johnson Plum was the right action to take wolf set. Just because he called her a big fat dike. Maybe she is a big fat dike. How do you like that? Maybe the other guy from the turnpike authority is some kind of a silly simple fact. Who else knows? Oh, yeah right. 120 six votes on the pool including thirty nine who just he. Not the pool. They just he. Not the pool. They just he. Only nine people he'd the pool. That's not too bad one only. Yeah. How can he eat the pool? So freaking lucky new morons. A retired priest. So Bob Barker is going to retire. Wow. That is really. That means if I win the 36 million dollar lot of one Wednesday maybe I won't be such a dumb ass. Maybe. I'm going to be a slurder. I'm actually there will be some people have like second thoughts about that. John. I wonder when that envelope is coming. That big fat one in it. We could always just set him another look. Yeah. Just going to say any blank how well say. Hey guess what I won the lot. Oh six 49 and one 36 million tax free. He throws him confetti in there. Yeah, throughout my stuff and I say hey, are you happy for me? A retired priest committed suicide by setting himself on fire in a German monastery in protest at the spread of Islam and the Protestant Church's inability to contain it. Ronald Weisselberg or is that Vesselberg? I'm sure it is. 73 Puerto can of petrol over his head and said like to him. I like to himself in the grounds of the Augustine monastery and the Eastern city of Irfurch. Irfurch where Martin Luther spent six years as a monk at the beginning of the 16th century long time ago. Whip the monks in man. I really missed that bad. Whittness is said that Vesselberg climbed into a building site next to the monastery church where I refer right into the service with being held. He showed in Jesus an Oscar before the flames engulfed him. Oscar. He must have seen the odd couple. Oh, it's big of old steam. Now did you ever see them? What's his name or not? Yes. It was pretty good. Pretty good. Yeah. Even if it wasn't true. It was pretty good. Well, nothing he said was true, but at least it was kind of amusing. The latter name Oscar was in a pair of reference to Oscar Brusowitz, a priest of Burnham Self in 1976, and protest against the communist regime in his Germany. Monastery staff tried to put out the flames on Vesselberg, and he was still conscious as an unpaid one of the meforeweas to take a hospital he died last Wednesday a day later. He was... FINEING! And then again, our most priests kind of like, are you sure? FINEING! Maybe we poor city had tried to kill himself inside the church, but changed his mind when he found that the side door was locked. The provost of air-fort, L. Fried, Deathrix, told reporters that Vesselberg's widow would say that he killed himself because he was alarmed at the spread of Islam, and the church is stance on the issue. She described Vesselberg as an erudite man who had addressed repeatedly the church's position on his line and made these over the past three to four years. He had written to her urging her to take the matter more seriously. What are we going to do about these schmata-hids? They protest in Bishop of Saxony, Axel, and no-ack, said the suicide has shocked the community, and they hoped that wouldn't her relations between Christians and Muslims. Yeah, you know how sensitive they are to get very uptight. Yeah, they're the morage. We in the Easter still among ourselves when we discuss Islam, said Bishop, and no-ack, adding that there weren't many Muslims in the area, thanks God. Relations with Muslims have been a matter of intense debate in Germany, a recent month stoked by the cancellation of the Mozart operand Berlin, a midfierce to convert both Muslim violence and a speech by Pope O'Rossi in September, in which he quoted from a medieval text-looking discredited Islamic faith to violence. The Berlin duet to opera said it will stage the opera, which has a scene showing the severed heads of the Prophet Muhammad, Jesus, and Buddha. At least they give equal time anyway for Christ's sakes. The severed heads. Don't forget your wise romance points, and that's the best you can do in the middle of always crap. That's right. That's right. So good that our read-all is in the sanity of the world as a crazy place full of crazy people. Crazy people. That's what it's all about. Rising affluence is made about 60 million Chinese equal to the population of France, obese state media said today. Fatch Chinese. I just think like, you know, you see the suma wrestlers are Japanese, the irresum fatch Japanese, but usually you think Chinese is being skinny. Most Japanese are thin except for the suma's who go to great lengths to get that big. Right. Maybe that's what Hank aspires to me. You've got a Japan, maybe you talk to Minu. That was funny. Shinwanu's age is equal to Pan Belai, a deputy director with the government affiliated state food and nutrition consultant company. I wonder if he or she is kind of Eric Boli at a great Italian harness racing driver. As saying that worsening diets had led to health problems including obesity and increasing number of Chinese are reading more fat and junk food, but less grains and vegetables they do by high number of cases of high blood pressure and diabetes. Pan was quoted as telling conference on food consumption health and Beijing. Pan said a widening wealth of the gap meant that increased number of obese people came as 24 million people in China still have an abject poverty and suffer malnutrition. Never went to regional income get. In fact, that's what you want to do at me. You get a lot of free food in there like you got again. Are there a lot of$10 per unit of extra prices? Do you know what she cuánt the Korean Sismo-Cаний man who died up reasonable recently? I know about that. Great news over there said For example, yourjeri croesabounce rate ofshelf high beyond policy or issue of numbers. In the age of 90 and 90 there's a lot of pace of rising rate. Because of this is the probability of income being fractured in the future. No. Part of public lying is not required for cuts under the yearly highs, so central topographic toughings and just maybe it's great. Can you show a light out of your pocket. Where was this first time you did this or say the 10% overnight so are you asking for $18. No Not good to give that maybe let me tell you right now. I sure know about it. I didn't have a point of ice cream yesterday was a bad Super fun Jerry's and you know what it's done. I hate that. I don't even like it. I don't even like it Oh, that makes it better. Well, no, I should have gotten my banana up But I don't want to keep getting that because you know, you're hooked on it And you know want to keep getting it. You know, I was like you maybe doing a little heroin now And instead of smoking all endopolitan I'm saving heroin for when I'm old and in the wheelchair. Oh, oh, no, what else are you gonna do? Yeah 1138 votes. I think we'll have to all. We got 13. Look today. Don't we got 13 and we're lift Want to be a good number? Maybe it'll be a real good number Machine number 13 today. I don't think so voted best massage and personal trainer for the years 2000 2000 and 2002 Our readers of the community newspaper out front Colorado begins the personal line for Mike Jones The escorted a real day at 6 with evangelical leader. They now disgraced and finally admitted the anxious Reverend Ted Hagrid It was looking pretty Hagrid this weekend. I've said it that tag rhymes with gay, bang Jones who has revelation subsequently led the Hagrid's confessibility enjoyed a massage and bought meth and fetemies He was massaging as ego baby, or maybe he is Still has a bio when a well-home town and they put it on here on raw story no less. It was pretty raw Is this raw stir at well? Yeah, it is and as pictures of this queen here I offer a deep tissue and sweetest style I do like Swedish meatballs. I'll say that not not his who does it? God Can you believe that Tom Brady had three balls dipped in a game last night? I thought you know I mean, I knew he was really good, but when you got three balls and then he had a fourth one picked I offer a deep tissue and sweetest style massage for the pleasure of the main in mind Jones writes in his profile if you like a strong muscle man to bring pleasure to you Then please call me. I'm a muscle stud with a friendly personality in a caring heart a caring part When a Broadway show plays in town the casting crew call upon me for massage when the Broadway show plays into All right, maybe even sings them some show tunes you think wow He is gross close to Shoya. I give him credit though when anybody looks in a mirror and sees that they get that creator face to like all full and Reporting and ugly and got a really nasty shitless body to when you come right down with anyway You'll enjoy my point you like what's in him Scarlett Johansson and I like Jonathan Reese Myers I could just watch her walk around and stuff like you will good You'll see lots of her in there and then you'll understand why he becomes so smitten with her. I mean just Joe So say it'll be shmitten Well, we see a good tasting all of his wife is kind of me, but he married into a very wealthy family very very rich Is that the way to do it see the real way to do it be and of course, you know nothing in life is perfect But if you can marry into a real wealthy family this some hot chick then then you really got to make that's the way to do it Like Josh for example, here's the Russian girlfriend. I bet your her family is just loaded well not with money Are they loaded well the Russian with vodka oh? That's what I meant dumbass Talk 13 a Q AM You Okay, boys and girls is me to relevance it's time for teos Yeah little jack corner sat in a corner wide open all day long single coverage and two pretzels Can't even get the bar to them. I'm open man We just now how little jack one of those that's good. They teos bet it There is another one time in medipyman who could come at it taller Guo has read a风 All of her ass could build pop sales wants to run the ball all game The folks don't come to state him see that they want to see Tio run the post-panel and the endzone is your touchdown Shut up, this is short one. Bob our black sheep. I want to be trading No more anyone is out of here. I don't need you. I don't want you From 19 at five 60 that could be the Cowboys that lost to the Redskins on the last minute field. We guess that he Twenty two nineteen could it Sweet just when they thought that they were gonna kick the game when he field goal all blocks Sorry, and then there's at the penalty on top of it. Let me number fifty seven votes on the pool Yes, who died George somebody you never heard of? Okay, Ernestine Gilbert Kerry Who's life-hearted memoir cheaper by the dozen detailed a frenetic life of a family with 12 children inspired several films has died and she was only 98 over what he died from that spring chicken carry that of natural causes Saturday It's ain't like this medical center in Fresno, California for some Charles Kerry Jr. said She provided us in which Kerry co-wrote where their brother Frank Gilbert became a best seller was published in 1948 see here's another old coat with old crap again old crap really old The book documented the adventures of the Gilbert plan which included six hundred and six dollars and Paranthusally in more or Gilbert in Frank buckler Gilbert Man has been experts who focused on the science of motion study and industrial efficiencies Superb on the us was a definite film starring Cliff did web Jean Crain Learn a lawyer in the early 50s and was remade in 2003 with Steve Martin and Bonnie hunt a sequel followed in 2005 I didn't see it, but if Steve Martin was in it, you know it sucked The siblings also co-wrote bells on their toes, which was also turned into a film film She had only two children herself after taking care of younger siblings for much of a life on her father died While she was still a teenager the third of a family 12 children she outlived nine of her siblings lying bad 98 That great Yeah, sure. I'll look at her the projections on the elitist polls speak here. What about the Senate? I think four or five seats. It's a very reasonable prediction 60s of courses of majority that could still happen. Yeah, we know, but I mean pedabobro everybody's got predictions and polls We'll see what happens tomorrow. We'll see if they bring any real machines up the count and I'd rather you know I will see who turns out. Wouldn't you think based on all the things that have gone on these lines five years? Wouldn't you think in a country where people give a crap about anything? That there'd be this gigantic turnout and that the public would be like just climbing over each other and just say The bush wouldn't you be thinking that? Okay, yeah, one could only hope. Oh, we never know. Maybe that'll happen. Maybe Joshua will go tomorrow Yeah, I'm gonna go with George I'm driving to get away car They said I heard Neil speaking about a lack of birthday wishes early on a show I dropped off a car and he gives a freaky curls on Friday Did you get them from my him maybe Josh P. State? Yes, the Senate get the vote in the next package. Well, what is it for the card? What's the gift? It cash gift like millions? What's the gift? I don't know. I didn't open it. It's over here. It's with the card. Well, what's in the box? You want it open? It seems to be a book based on the mentions of it. Oh, well, I'll send it long You don't want it. It's a wrap. So I figured you know you might want it on round. Yeah, wrap wrap on it's a ritual Dan from on me beach factions says I couldn't more about green more about grabbing in this town Which has gotten progressively worse since I moved here over 20 years ago. I've lived in many base cities New York LA and Sudan Netherlands not New York and some very populated cities in South America Miami is definitely the worst traffic I've ever seen. I guess Dan's never been in Rome Holy moly rat man I live on the beach my office located on a commercial area in the same building. We only have to drive anywhere and when I do it's usually only a few miles of the most I have bored 95 like to play can't imagine having been commuting in this town like all those poor steps Probably still sitting in their cars. Says Dan. Sorry folks. Dan's a hard ass, but he's got a good point Yeah, if you don't have to drive don't do it every time you get behind a wheel of your car You're like putting your life in jeopardy is Alex tobacco would say and God way hate that show once he gonna retire Still he can't The answer is oh What was the other guy our plumbing? Okay, so go to sure if I screw up enough times I know finally you know eventually I remember the name our plumbing the original host and jeopardy like 100 years ago more old crap 116DA votes on the pool how important are two days elections to you very important? More important than 5554 life in death 235 life in death. I have no life 235 so much important 152 not at all 73 What me worry 54 not much 50 yeah Take it or leave it. I hate this pool 9 and I just hate 41 out of 118 be a votes 1188 and 41 Pretty sad in it. There's some nice people around just when you're in Florida You have to like you know travel long distances to find them like maybe go up a river there to a entry Oh, I did I did I guess something I'm not playing it or because there's a lot of language in that You said to me you ought to tape this one deliverance was on this morning before the show. Yeah for the audio and I'm saying Why was taping the audio but there's a lot of language in here. I don't know top it on there and see what they'll sign here You want to lift and clip off all the other one Other wire 10 real to 30 What was that that sounded like a roll-like S commercial Ian is friends at their team. Oh, those are spots before the movie actually you're got going again What is it even birth to a baby right? She just given birth to a baby on Thursday a six pound oh my god You got a little bit everything in here. Okay. That's good. See a month. Oh 1-800 A lot of spots The proud month 7. Wow. What's that? That ain't any there isn't maybe I never recorded it and I just thought I did because possible why didn't you do more to put then Lobby and I'll kite out of business when you were president So you did foxes bending on the show you did your last little conservative hit job on me What I want to know No, wait wait wait wait. I'm not going to ask it. You don't know that's a legitimate class no it was a particularly legitimate question But I want to know how many people are the Bush administration's question Yeah, it's really interesting you notice that bubble was up there in entry. Huh? Yeah, eh? I hear we go I'm trying he's gonna board something out Now let's you just drop them back Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I'll ride like that that was well worth the one it and any price They don't say anything You know how they don't say over here. I was listening very closely this morning. Yeah. It's always very funny F bonds a very clean scene. You okay? Whatever you say Pain, nice known him like a role 26 after a noon at 5 60 W Q AM. It's a great Monday man tomorrow's election day And then once we get after that then what? Then there be like a lot of gnashing and rehashing and like the post game show and the Analyzation you know because it's a whole panel on it analyze what went right one one wrong Who did this is Charlie Chris really get what that be something we've got to be electing? It looks like our first gig of it or at least you know Then anybody knows about in Florida history won't that be a real corker? Yeah, I'm gonna see they're gonna say corkers like 12 points ahead and then I'm reading this morning that it's only like two to four points Seems to me that even for those red next in Tennessee, I mean heral Ford Junior his family is very very prominent Tennessee family politically and he's a pretty light complex. I mean he's he's just barely a shade darker than What's your calling? You know I'm talking about who I don't know he's just barely even mocha. I heard for junior who? If you're expecting guest is holiday season then it's a great time to now 1 800 mattress plus its valamaccus is 30 a 1 1 3 Celebrate dialometrist and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VDS pillow top You can choose from a self-loat as biggest selection Simmons VDS when get same day delivery to like always Call dialometrist at 1 800 mattress for factory direct prices and award winning service with no nonsense With dialometrist all you do is choose the eight and time you want that new mattress delivered any day the week seven days from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. even the same day that you call and dialometrist read eight delivers every time That's why they're right number one a customer satisfaction Well, I've been using them for years and I just about everybody QM uses dialometrist when it's time to replace the lumpy old saggy mattress On the web check about it mattress dot com or just call them toll free the easiest and the smartest piece of shopping You can ever do 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR Yes, leave off the last as because it stands for stew pennies saving The biggest name so best tell us the basis wheel Rogers sports video 560 With stainless rodent and you can edit to see It was called with thewoman knot as white now Sir So, 33 on my back page is that's going to be the autobiography of Miss Foley when you think, Oh boy, 1190 votes on the pool, 1190, low, low, 4 Wayne, WOWO, 4 Wayne, Tom Ataki, baby. Newark New Jersey. Prosecutor Kube is one of former Newark Toot teacher accused by student infecting him with the virus that causes AIDS to be tested for the disease. Hosson Van 29 of former music teacher at Westside High School in the work was invited last week. A few that sexually abusing a student who now has AIDS, the Esports County Prosecutor's Office said. Van faces up to 30 years. Lock 13 million prison and 14 charges including sexual assault and contact. Official misconduct, child welfare and legitimate giving drugs and voos to a child. And payment and notify a sexual partner, then he and HIV. Mr. Van's alleged conduct involving a former student was vile and his rubber changes young man's life said, as if scotty prosecutor Paul Dau, my office has zero tolerance for these brazen acts and will prosecute these matters to be fullest extent to law she be saying. Van couldn't immediately be reached for comment nor could his attorney Raymond Brown, Paul Lourke, spokesman for the prosecutes office and the victim told authorities, he's only had unprotected sex with Van and that prosecutors by the West had judged the order van to undergo an AIDS test. The student believes the frequent unprotected sex with Van led him to contacting the virus. As of scotty assistant prosecutor Mark Ali said, the amendment covers a period from September 2000 to June 2004, with the initial incident happening in December 2000 when the then 14 year world male was pushed against a high school wall and sexually abused. The student graduated in 2004 and tested positive for HIV and made of 2005, which is when the prosecutor's office said it was notified. The former student, now 20 plants to file a civil lawsuit against Van and the school district, a state appeals court and August gave him the right to file a lawsuit even though he missed a legal deadline to do so. The court said it extraordinary circumstances around in the case when granting the right to file suit. How do you like that? The music teacher, I guess he was just singing since he was eight music, pushed him against the wall and sexually dumb him. Maybe he had a real part of my mouth. Could be. When I you're trying to egg me on and play more than I can. Just saying. Go and drop. Yes, take a rattle. What's this all about? Don't say anything. Just do it. Right. This is the scariest movie ever. Well, at least it's true though. I mean, that's part of the country. What are the woods? Uh huh. You heard that dispersion this neck of the woods? Well, that neck of the woods. That's how I came to be reared in the south. Yeah. Reared. That's stride is still sore about it. Talk, Cragman, limiting the damage. He's his person and bushes, not the valetimar, but this election is nonetheless all about him to which I would say. Absolutely. The question is whether voters will pry his fingers loose from at least some of the levers of power. There by limiting the damage he can inflict his last remaining years in office. There are still some people who are doing this to force to change course. For example, a scheme to get a true old published, he has to end by the military times, which calls on Mr. Bush to fire Donald Remstell that there's that this is not about the mental elections. But the editorials often showed no better than that. Mr. Bush won't fire Remstell. He won't change strategy in Iraq. He won't change course at all unless Congress forces him to do it to be doing it. At this point, nobody should have any illusions about Mr. Bush's character. He's put it bluntly. He's an insecure bully who believes that owning up to a mistake any mistake would undermine his manhood. And therefore, lives in a dream world, which all of his policies are succeeding, and all his officials are doing a heck of a job. Just last week he declared himself pleased with the progress we're making in Iraq. In other words, he's a sort of man who's never been in position of authority. He's level on big given the kind of unquestioned power, free from normal tricks and balances that he was granted after 9-11. But he was a last given that power as well as a prolonged free ride from much of the news media. The results have been predictably disastrous. And I'm bearing Iraq as only part of the story. In time, the degradation of the federal government by rampant colonialism, almost every part of the executive branch I know anything about, from the EPA of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has been semified. May come to be seen as an equally serious bloat or America's future. And it should be a matter of intense national shame that Mr. Bush has quietly abandoned this fine promises to New Orleans and the rest of the Gulf Coast. The public which rallied around Mr. Bush after 9-11 was still prepared to give him the benefit of the doubt two years ago, seems to have figured most of this out. It's too late to vote Mr. Bush out of office, but most Americans seem prepared to punish Mr. Bush's party for his personal failings. This is in spite of a vicious campaign in which Bush has gone further than any previous President, even Richard Nixon, in attacking the patriotism of anyone who criticizes him or his policies. That said, it's still possible that Republicans are hold on to both houses of Congress. The opinion frenzy over John Kerry's bot show that many people in Newsponio are still willing to be played like a fiddle. And if you think the timing of the Saddam verdict was coincidental, I've got a terrorist thought against the Brooklyn Bridge to say you. Moreover, the potential for votes of President Andrew Outright Electro-Fraud remains substantial, and it will be very hard for Democrats to take on the Senate for the very simple reason that only a third of the Senate seats around the ballot. What if the Democrats do win? That doesn't guarantee a change in policy. The Constitution says that Congress and the White House are co-equal branches of government but Mr. Bush knows people aren't big on constitutional niceties. Even with a docile Republican majority controlling Congress, Mr. Bush has been in the habit of returning that he has directed this debate a law he's just signed, whether it's a law prohibiting torture, a law requiring that he hire qualified people around FEMA, whatever law might be. First, imagine that what he'll do a face with demands for information from, say, congressional Democrats investigating war profiteering, which seems to have been rampant. Sorry, I'm not going to crack any of them. I let it. I actually don't have to imagine what House Redder just has already told Tom magazine the administration plans a canaclismic fight to the death. If Democrats and Congress try to exercise their right to wish us a penis, which is long heck of a metaphor, he even Mr. Bush's history of getting American service members trapped in canaclismic fights where the deaths are anything but metaphors. But here's the thing, no matter how hard the Bush administration may try to ignore the constitutional division of power, Mr. Bush's ability to make deadly mistakes as rest in an impart on GOP controller Congress. That's why many Americans, myself, included, will breathe a lot easier if one party will ends tomorrow. That's a poll for him in the sand that's on his swishlist. Got it? Quick, crack at him, Nuckles. We're going to send you a set to entry. Ain't? I don't know my way or anything. I'll drop him boy. Next would be wonder how, how maybe he made it from that scene to the boardroom of IT and the scene that worked in, I wish movie was first. Good. In the middle of the emergency network. Network was a 76 or 72 and while one of them was 72 and one of them was 76, God five of them was 72, right? George McGovern was 72, that didn't work out to me. What was it? Deliver in 72, network 76. Wow. What did I tell you? What did I tell you? Never came later. Took him four years to heal up. So I guess he walked bold like it to that boardroom. One year, he told one of the five 60, WQM, we warned you that the mad dog being the dumb ass that he is he misses flight back from Chicago so he ain't in town. So Gellie's going to be 224. Very nice. Some serious memories all the really bad. Remember those memories from like how long was that? You're in a half? Oh, God. Hey, don't forget now, it's lobster festively weekend to be Friday through Sunday at the Emile Coast, the best by a million miles Chinese buffet in South Florida, between locations for you. They're in sunrise, femur pines and sundials. Over 100 different item featured in Emile Coast amazing buffet. Six gourmet soups delicious, succulent juicy New York steak grill the order, handcar prime rib, there's sushi, traditional Asian dishes, a salad bar and a sea of bar. And the dessert bar is really spectacular. Weekends featured to 40 inch, mouthwatering chocolate fountain. Hand it while you're good fruits in there, man. Your strawberries and all kinds of good stuff. Marshmallow cheesecake, other neck and and treats in loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A fantastic way to win the real pig out at the Emile Coast. There still uses only healthy cholesterol, fake and all-error, never any MSC or cornstarchs, no crap, no pouting headaches when you leave just a big fat public. And right now when you go in as a party of four asks for the Neil Deal, you'll get $5.60 set off your turtle check with four paying adults. Emile Coast open for lunch in dinner daily call 9-5-4, 5-7-2-38-22, 9-5-4, 5-7-2-38-22 for reservations and don't forget every day's the Neil Deal day and every Friday through Sunday it's lobster vests only at the Emile Coast Chinese buffet. The biggest name, so best talent for this is Neil Rogers' 4th video 5-60 issue, A-A-M-A! Zord even loves Neil Rogers. Yeah we know. We know why not what he was saying right? Neil got- Apple wiper Mid Pois There's a wind inside the pit of sand, the teeth All the diers all contain proof and a teeth Where in like a sailor all the three nests Words all are worse than ants Crack them! The wind is all in the wind The wind is all in the wind The wind is all in the wind The wind is all in the wind Yeah, we're that TVN Maybe Paul Crack is going to order a couple of F bombs Like it Being sick and bad, which I watched for the past couple of weeks He's bad enough for a geolpour But being sick and bad, while living in a political combat It's on and this case, the sixth congressional district Is enough to make you want to kill somebody My god, the phone call she says Just as I had begun to drift off the slave The phone would ring and we'll be at another day And computer wise message about lowest Murphy One, two, three, four times a day It seemed the phone rang with roll roll calls About the Democratic chancellor to become a geopri-represented Jim Gurlack And one of the nastiest races in the country I never listened to a word of it just like the phone down Seedwood Resemmon Now there's an effective campaign strategy I thought And theory ate the voters so much that they won't vote What part of do not call don't campaign advice is again? Sure political speeches, exempt from FCC regulation Providing on the modded phone solicitations But since most Americans consider Un solicited calls in the Bayesian privacy While with anyone campaign, flawed voters with free-fabredric Yet the tactic that he has to tackle is cheap in many cases Petties of phone call compared to the 15 to 30 dollars an hour Polls use to have to pay for telemarketers to call the old fashion way There are dozens of online computer wise call firms available To do the re-work and as much cheaper And across the media market such as the wealthy use robber calls and paper tbs But if they annoy voters rather than lighten them what's the point? That's what I asked lowest Murphy's campaign yesterday And the answer was simple it wasn't us Only three recorded calls have been made on behalf of Murphy's campaign Including one from Governor Rendell which is sponsored by the Democratic State Committee The rest are dirty trick by the Republican subcommunication director Amy Bonnebites The calls which begin by offering important information about lowest Murphy Designed and misleading voters into thinking the messages from her or her most recipients Signed down the phone before finding out otherwise then called a complaint We've gotten a ton of complaints starting to be so go boner by this said some of our biggest supporters Some of our biggest supporters I don't know how to pronounce the name if you call me again I'm not voting for lowest great behalf a great tactic on behalf of Gyrolox campaign Then not so say John Getzel communication director We voted on a handful maybe five and last couple of months right So if your phone is ringing off the hook just disconnected More games and more dirty tricks and the stupid let's just say if we can't piss people off and off so they won't vote for a woman hell of it is some schmuck Ford motor company said Thursday that it's sub buying pig iron from a little company after a news organization found The Brazilian supplier of charcoal needed to make the raw iron use slave labor. Oh not in Brazil In addition General Motors Corp. Dan MacCrisis, the AG Chrysler Group Toyota Motor Corp and other automakers and suppliers Are re-exemining their supply chain in the wake of the findings which were outlined last Thursday in the 1600 ward Bloomberg news story Bloomberg reported that thousands of residents were forced to work in a press of conditions to produce charcoal used to make pig iron A basic reading of steel the pig iron is bought by brokers and sold as steel makers and foundries that sell it to companies that make vehicles Stinks refrigerators and other products despite malaria and Greek chronic cough Alexander Pereira dose reostirty two city worse long days shoveling charcoal out of a kiln near the city of Tukuri in the Brazilian Amazon without getting paid This is how hard those rest hold Bloomberg. I would leave if I could but I need to work Many work has spent their nights in lean toes they make from plastic sheeting their throw over branches and places open to rain and snakes Bloomberg said Drinking unclean water from stagnant pool shared with cattle food is scarce and many people buy in the poor working conditions The amount of pig iron in vehicles that could be linked to slave laborer small a fraction of 1% of all supply purchases Fort NG and by $155 billion in global parts the amount of questions up to 8.2 million in pig iron Well, I sure hope they're very certainly driving a car that's got a pig iron. You think so That wouldn't be not bad. Bloomberg said four to clients make a world pool and color company which makes sinks and baths of used steel traced to the charcoal camp in Brazil The official say uses slaves all approaches pig iron from important national material trading company which is supplied by the camp Bloomberg said core also said it's going to investigate and it goes on and off slave labor I can't believe there's a say you know since Cassie Lee a face up. I can't believe there's any sense things to go on can you know No, no, except the Q. I am But judge that yeah, just as he's a dumb ass. He's working for like two bucks an hour He's waiting for the envelope to any coming. I'll say when that 36 million on Wednesday Then I can afford the envelope. It's only about two cents. Look at that. We got one two two two I think we got a shot at 1300 today. Don't you if we okay it's a 1300 by two o'clock. I'm I'm not coming back to my way I'm gonna miss my plane. Yeah, how important are the Mars elections to you 1225 votes very important 587 life in death 242 life and that these are the people are gonna vote 100 times all against bush Some what important 159 not at all 79 what me worry 56 not much 51 I hate this pool still only the same number yeah, and I just hate 42 see that's a bit alternative. We're learning something I mentioned on Friday, did not we don't have like another category. I just hate not to pull necessarily whatever Is we put on that they just hate it because they hate us they hate themselves they did everything kind of like a self-hating facts that the log cabin Republicans I think they got to log the wrong log in mind You know what I think that's what they thought that meant they want to put their log cab in the In Germany's first comment on the conviction and sensing to death a former rocky dictator Saddam Hussein Chancellor Angela Merkel said yesterday her government did not approve the death penalty. That's what they're saying all over the EU even Tony Blas said that Even to those Germans to be against the death penalty on the other hand was Right the era of Saddam regime was being reviewed in the courts. You said Merkel spoke after attending a special cabin And meeting in Berlin on Germany's upcoming EU presidency Germany's abolished it penalty and regularly criticizes its use by the nations including the USA the barbaric US Because the Germans are civilized men that don't believe in killing people Oh, I got a good stir, but I don't have time for it right now Okay, our America's ABC blacklist the real story It was on our website and of course if he people would spend a lot more time reading the stories on our website You actually know what they'll just go in on it. You'd be really impressed probably blow your brains out So don't get too carried away with it. Oh Josh Josh ain't too happy about the fact that George got my hotmail all straightened out there How did I do that overdue with the stories this weekend or are they okay? They were just fine See let me take a look. Oh, no not too bad. I don't really have a pain. Oh attention I just keep punching him out punching him out when it out punch him up click click like those funny ballots in Ohio When in that punch him out all of a sudden I think I got a little bit carried away Looks like a pretty long list on there and there's no point in doing it because on a weekend I mean everybody even across this is the hate sports. They're watching football, right? Right or doing something maybe they have a life maybe they find a life on a weekend Because we just we get a fraction of the readership on the stories on a weekend that we do it during the week Which means I guess I'm gonna cut way back on a weekend and send maybe Josh to 300 stories a day on a week week days And I make more sense to you. No, not really because we got that big audience They're doing a list we used to We sure as I used to man. I remember all I'll ever had it was fart on the show and the whole town It was exactly whatever what we all had for breakfast, right? That's right Everybody in town was at the water cooler at the you know That's right. They were doing it. They were trying to emulate this. They're trying to match that In fact, remember the show we were talking about before they met to sure name that far right. Oh, that was the That was your horn babies toton his own again. He's tootin it Remember Rudy Kazooly whoo? Rudy Kazooly No, I can't believe of all things. I mean, you know every cartoon character in the servant and been in heart Rudy Kazooly. Yeah, I don't know. All right, and you're right I thought I didn't know all of them. Yeah, we're going back to the Betty Boop days when they all had spaghetti arms Rudy Kazooly I'm going to let it right now Well, I'm time I'm quick Rudy Kazooly if you're a baby who can't like me if we're watching peeing in the 50s remember they mood to Kazooly And I'm gonna let's see Steve Collin was the creator and He's got a website official Rudy Kazooly website. It's a memory flashed to our childhood past images of a gone by era lost and forgotten time on puppets And they're human hosts first dominated the Saturday morning or ways all at the start of what would become known as the golden age of television Where did Kazooly was in the cartoon was a puppet? At the high of the ludicrous Udy craze in this country the kids adults even comedians at the time found themselves mimicking with shows fresh slingy Use an English language in terms like yes a Rudy Nas and Ozuruty gosh a Rudy at absolutely absolutely Each one making English teachers flinch Even today Rudy's isums are in many ways a permanent part of our mark and sling without us knowing an originated with Steve Carlin Rudy's creator And the abit goes on look at this. There's the dolls collectible dolls is the Rudy Kazooly doll And the get a gale of poochie pup and his girlfriend polka dotty oh You know, it's pretty obvious there wasn't a lot to put on the ear back in the early days. There was how do you do do do? Though I mean I like better Rudy Kazooly or how do you do do? Never watch either one or scrub off your hands and booty. Oh, man Prop 56 and 560 WQM get a touch a Las Vegas right in temper pines at the one and only MGR palace MGR palace Pembroke pines is over 10,000 square feet of biggest self-understanding Go to the don't go to the biggest fence of resource or out to see because it ends your palace You can win cash lots of it up to five grand per spin spend today MGR palas and get free breakfast lunches in one free drinks plus enjoy great music and live entertainment MGR palace at the southeast corner of palm Avenue in pines Boulevard get the personal attention You won't get any place else plus when lots of cash up to five grand for a spin and a free drawing for trip to Vegas Atlantic City and Carnival Cruises 2 your money goes a long way at MGR palace No waiting with over 300 my sheen's man open Sunday through Thursday till midnight till 2 in a morning on a weekend The one and only MGR palace at southeast corner palm Avenue in pines Boulevard and the club fit plaza the only thing missing is you Forced you'll five 60 You Just got around and when I'm up in Boca tink a slap in all women with painted lips around the pool I listen to the new Rogers one to two I just iron now and for a few hours And three to my beautiful You know it'll come to restore chaos You know it'll come to restore chaos You know it'll come to restore chaos You know it'll come to restore chaos You One or two a five 60 WQM Archie said they're counting down the hours in a minute to the seconds. Let's see if there's still doing an MSNBC maybe girlfriend is on now Oh, boy. Oh, it's a macaco it's I would be one of the difference So while I'm at the same time that he is trying to inspire his orders You have Jim Webb to Democrat also trying to inspire his Wait of the South to do the Democrats in where I go to here's here's a fact that says you may be interested know that the entire HBO hacking democracy documentary is Available legally online at Google video and then Scott the link on here. Do you want to put this do we want to put this on our fair not? No, just tell people go to Google video and you know type in hacking the market It'll go pop right up To pop right up there and you want to prefer or yeah, yeah, if you got HBO just watch it Or if you're like stealing signals or stuff like that. Josh Silver and Robert W. Machezney Uncommon dreams.org right now. Let's see where's the story originally from did they write it for common dreams or you know I like to know you like to know sure The co-founders of nonpartisan media or reform organization in free press era America's ABC blacklist the real stories the headline this week We learned that some 90 major corporations demanded that the ranch be pulled from radio stations that one era America programming demonstrating the fundamental challenge facing every work working to promote critical journalism and a vibrant free press First off, let's clarify why this is taking place the crime isn't that America is partisan all our most of these firms have Retired sound politically conservative talk radio programs and worst stations and the crime isn't even being liberal Some of these advertisers have moderate or level executives who donated democratic candidates and are far from rabbit conservatives So what's the problem? While liberal our America clearly favors big the Democrats are like virtually all other program on commercial radio TV and gives you time to report that are critical of corporations and the powerful politicians they keep in Washington This is the heart of the problem era America commits a crime called journalism almost none of the so-called conservative radio shows in our worst Do any semblance of actual reporting they may really pontificate repeating talking points that seem to be email straight from Carl Rose laptop America doesn't share a pontificating as well They're American we leave it to others to compare its integrity that of limbo on Hannity But we can say that America journalism occasionally focuses on corporate malfeasance It examines closely the deeply corrupt relationship between corporate power and government officials This grandadionalism is found almost nowhere else on the commercial vile It's brandished as it is liberal because it doesn't practice journalism is stenography to those in power This is the same reason that bill lawyers doesn't have any of these 90 firms lining up to underwriters PBS reporting So what should we learn from this episode One commercial media are highly concentrated in corporate advertisers have massive budgets giving their programming decisions profound implications According to its own website ABC radio is more than 4400 affiliate radio stations reaching really a hundred five million people nationwide Monopoly media power translates into significant political power and that's dangerous. It's a big deal Two media are concentrated in the hands of massive corporations who are only concerned with profits anything that reduces our threatens those profits is eliminated Investigative journalism because it's too expensive government accountability because it pisses off politicians and regulators who do a Binion dollar policy favors like media deregulation Corporate accountability because in anger corporations like the long list that pulled their America funding good journalism can be bad for business and three Note the presence of the US post office and US Navy on list of advertisers who blackballed air America It's not raised that public money is being deployed to push the any logical agenda of the Bush administration or any other administration for that matter This is one more example of the corruption of governance in Washington where big money and political power are picking over the bones of democracy What's left? Timid left dog journalism that fills our TV screens and radio dials a newspaper market dominated by a handful of massive firms that suffer the same symptoms cheap to produce reality show a celebrity fluff Regurgitated press releases spin assessing other spin and entertainment as news that tidilates the early informs Obviously, we have to stop the corruption in Washington allows this business as usual, but there are three specific and crucial areas that demand our attention First, we must stop further media consolidation this episode vividly illustrates the peril of monopoly media power Bush's man at the FCC is actively moving to lift some of the last remaining ownership limits the dream scenario for big media Eliminate ownership rules so one company can all the media in town and have one news room serve all outlets Heaven for the conglomerate health for everybody else public backlash stop the similar move in 2003 and the battles being fought again at www.stoppigmedia.com Second, we must understand that virtually all media TV's radio phone will soon be delivered digitally to the internet With increasing speeds every website holds the revolutionary potential to become a TV or radio network breaking the corporate bottleneck on media access and distribution But today cable and phone companies are mounting a full-court press in Washington to privatize the internet and make them the gatekeepers to all media By removing the longstanding principle of net neutrality on the internet Fortunately public backlash is winning the day so far void by the save the internet dot com coalition at save the internet dot com And third non-commercial media including PBS NPR community broadcasts must be well-founded and insulated from political pressure The US has the lowest per capita funding of public broadcasting in the industrialized world are Discoctional system as the present appointing partisan operators to the board that funds PBS and NPR programs Once again the public must be engaged in the public broadcasting system must be overhauled and re-invigorated critical journalism is bad business for media corporations and advertisers It's time to engage the public and demand a media system that will inform and protect America rather than one that is in the words of John Stewart purting us Well there you go Sign America, baby Who's on the right now? How do you like that wearing a regular time? Oh, right in the rear of high instead of a bow time. There's nothing to talk about 40% 12% is point leave anybody believe that pole congressman Harold Ford Jr Maybe he was today gallop pole has forward trailing by just three points and B.C. Ron Blom joins us now from Memphis Ron, what's the truth? What's the story Ron? Well the truth is there are only sampling about six hundred and fifty people who happen to be home and answer their phone and willing to To do a survey now the polling people still say it's scientific. There's a margin of error of four percent The Republican party is feeling very good about Tennessee now. This was a toss up just a week or so ago And the numbers have been breaking corkers way some of the Mason Dixon polling seems to indicate that those very heavy negative ads The ones with the the Bimbo enticing Harold Ford to call me later That's right black guy Bimbo Ablan and Wichick We're talking to charm. Especially in Tennessee. You don't think that there were a susceptible that kind of A racial race painting, do you? Yes, it's time to fly Tennessee We'll take too far from one of your very favorite places. You know what it is North Carolina now Virginia Aintree Give her his your bow to those you fucking eight That's all you I know I Know I think all three of us at it that's it. Yeah, you go See you keep negative me on I just knew we get to the world where they drop an F bomb a B bomb a some bomb But I'm sure that after that now it's okay Yeah, let's hear a little more more than deliverance audio. Yeah. What's the delay builds up right? Oh, yeah Well like I said maybe tomorrow You're just an ocean provocateur. I never gonna change we got guilty a two-speaking of a provocateur He provokes a lot of Radio is to move in the opposite though. We got the power hour. I guess not today We just got the hump or between four and seven good maybe the extra hours work will cause him to lose an ounce I don't want to dwell on that too much, but I haven't seen a hump or quite a while and what I was like a shock You know, I like today that Henry Virgo walked in remember that. Yes, I do wow talk about it Working up it's one thing to be doing all those three wine tasting Z and all that free food because along with that wine But Jesus God Henry my goodness ballooned up like I guess that bicycle bump must be going around Don't you know the kind of pump I'm talking about used to be like a red thing and you stepped down on it and had the Chew hook up either your bicycle tire or your car tire. You know, remember one of them Yeah, it's called an air pump or a tire pump. Yeah, they're a whole fashion air pump like you know old again See old old crap. Let's still have them. Well, obviously they do and we know where they're sticking the You uh, yeah, maybe Henry loan his to the Humper I think it's a waste of time to keep poker. I did what's the point? I think they should bring bushback and get rid of Coca Do it now I mean why wait, you know the recruiting season's coming up and you want to solidify things You know want to lose kids now a lot of these kids are coming back next year You can put things in place now and start getting ready for next year To hammer hey, Goldberg's 420560 Grab my junior honey I went to move for systems I was thinking about I still don't And they got a measure I'm gonna set way to move the risker to go so much we can do I think life was such a may be the only thing we have Such a playoff of Henry Such a playoff of Henry Such a playoff of Henry Hey hey hey Sweet ways out of way right away I don't have a job I don't have to go and get a size I don't have the word Boundal boat is around my thighs You're supposed to like the such two You know found a brand of man What the Hoover Such a fair out of splash in Such a fair up of Henry Such a silly way Such a fair up of Henry Hey hey hey hey Once this needs all stuff to make me want to get a piece of cheese Well that won't work you. It's fine. Why? Is it that won't kill you? No. I'll always craft Just to aggravate you. All right. Problem 99 and a pull I think we make the 1300 by two o'clock so I'll come back tomorrow maybe I'll send this my plane. Good. My dog misses fly out of Chicago. What a dumb ass. That's what Josh said Why should he have to sub her just goes a hangpick on your ass? Hey, that's what you said In fairness, that's right. He should He missed a fly and he had a show to do today And it's a good excuse. He used to that slacken off And he agrounds hostesses who are too fat to fly How thin should you be to be a brand ambassador for modern India? The question will be addressed in Delhi Supreme Court this week And as lawyers argue of whether Indian Airlines, the state won't carry your national symbol Can pirates air hostesses for being too Oh, fat. Too zothic. You know, my saftic he drives it to woodbine. Who? 11 employees recently grounded for putting on too much weight claim that the airline has changed its vision of the Indian Tenant ideal, abandoning the more bucksome prototype In favor of a more westernized skinny model which staff see is untainable Especially if you're showing all that curing. I can't imagine that curing would be fattening What I don't even know what it is. Curie powder? Yeah, like what's it made out of? Is it a root? Is it a root? It's a spice mine. Yeah, but all the money I don't know from curing. Oh, I've made this. Great but off a rock. Do they grow it in a tree? A grape about somebody's. That's good. Oh, very, very heavy spicy. And if he's enough of it, it gets into like the kids in your skin So that's why there are many people from India who smell like that. They smell like curing. I say, it's long enough to make you want to have them for lunch. In the Indian Airlines will argue that this is a case of selecting the best ambassadors to represent the national airline And the country is a whole and will also claim that the new employees are more agile And better equipped with tackle terrorists and students other emergencies. We said to me that the fatwa, fatstwees, they could block the terrorists Underway up to the, you know, that's right. Just stay in the car to the cockpit door. They wanted to describe the heavier women in bringing a newer thinner model Said Sheila Joshi in Air Hostess was brought to the after a spot where he And found she was 1.9 kilograms over the prescribed women for a height. So I'm going to read about five pound. I'm not even. Distressed at the prospect of losing her job after 25 years with the company. She went on a crash diet. Now he's only one meal a day to try to keep with an limit. She's been a lot of flagging but described as the process as the meaning. This is our national carrier and should represent the dignity of Indian culture. These new policies are humiliating the women's UBC. I wonder she's got a big dowry. See, in India, if you had a big ass, they obviously don't like it. But if you got a big dowry, then they'll make an exception. Hmm. What if you have both? Well, in that case. Don't forget, mass point. It's on the way. You'll say to me, boy, this is a really sensational movie. I'm predicting that right now. If you don't think the ending, because that's what one of the things we usually complain about is even movies that are pretty good. We think they're going to be finding the ending sucks at the peak. The ending is one of the best ever. Great. Can't wait. Each voteable has a favorite. This is Frank Ritz, throw the trophy of truth in his thumbs up. And they're getting hysterical all over the web now about, you know, what? Carrows, dirty trick is these rubble calls that are going all over the place. There's a big thing I don't want to. And it's much too long. But it says this is turning into a big story. Oh, it's irony. It's the one about Jill Porter, the one about in Philadelphia, Holmes sick and a phone ringing off the hook. It says it's turning into a big story. They're doing it across the country. Kansas to Hampshire now Pennsylvania. It's to be public and October surprise, launched in November. It's to cheat pretend that they're Democrats calling voters. And then pissed off of voters so much. They don't vote for the Democrats. Maybe we don't even vote at all. The company in the race is the National Republican Congressional Committee. An organization that's used such scurlerless campaign tactics this season. It's been vissed about in some instances by the candidates. And it's supporting. In the past week alone, FCC records reflect 22,000 plus for anti-morphy, phone bank expenses said NRCC spokesman Ed Petrick. It's just, you know, part of the course playing games. But what also they got? Frank Ritz says each voter will have a favorite moment from the Family System in terms of 2006. Forest to pick my own. I go for Lin Cheney's pre Halloween slap down a whole blitzer on CNN. It's not in every political campaign that you get to watch the wife of the Vice President of the US. Slug it out about lesbian six while promoting the children's book title. Our 50 states are family adventure across America. The pretext for this improbable dust up was a last-it strategy by the Flailing and Cumberton Republican Center of Virginia, George McCockowitz Allen. This which we assassinated his campaign, set it around them taxes upon Jim Webb for writing sexually explicit passages and his acclaimed novels about to be at nomor. Mr. Webford backed by pointing out among other Republican hypocrisies, this is Cheney's authorship of an out-of-protein 1981 novel, Sisters with steamy sexual interlude suitable for the L word. Not lesbian. Not lesbian on. Oh. Mr. Blitzer bought off sisters and lied to you. Mrs. Cheney went ballistic, calling Webb a liar. The exchange would have been a T-bo keeper, head only to see an anchor called Mrs. Cheney out by reading aloud just one of the many sisters passages floating around the internet. The women who embraced in the wagon were adamant Eve crossing the dark cathedral and the church had met around his ludicrous argument. She fudged the contents of her own novel for their fictionalizing what was fiction to start with. Then she turned around and attacked CNN for broadcasting non-fiction, aka News, like her husband's endorsement of waterboarding and a widely disseminated radio interview. The incest and shell game played with fiction and reality turned to self-assultive blitzers program, the situation room, and there was sober inversion of comedy centils Colbert report, and with Stephen Colbert's controversial five-style TV blowhard interviewers' real-life politicians. Here the interviewer Blitzer was real, but the politician Mrs. Cheney was bogus, shamelessly making everything up, and hoping her play acting would make her outrageous fiction's credible, maybe in some precincts it did. The 2002 mid-Germers' ridicule was the sign-pull election about nothing, and 2006 often does seem like the Colbert election, so suffused it is with unreality or Mr. Colbert calls truthiness. Or perhaps the Barat election after the character created by Mr. Colbert's equally popular British counterpart, Sasha Buron Cohen, who's documentary about the American travels of her crude fictional TV report from Kazakhstan, opened a great acclaim this weekend. Kazakhstan, Tarzistan. Like both these comedians, our politicians in their media service have been going to extremes this year, to blow the difference between truth and truthiness, all the better to confuse the audience. But there's one important difference. When Mr. Colbert's fake talking head provokes a real congressman in the making of full of himself, I must have burned Cohen's fake reported tries to term the real-life house gates. It's a mere prank for our entertainment. By contrast, the cons on the ballot-visibly falsifying reality, our vital being in charge of our real world are one of the most careless times in our history. While lying politicians and hyperbolic negative TV campaign ads are American staples, the other official realities created this year on a scale worth of Disney if not stolen. In the campaign's final stretch, Congress and President Bush passed with great fanfare, a new law to erect a 700-mile border fence to keep out rampaging Mexican immigrants, a guaranteed no-money to actually build it. Rars Limbaugh tried to persuade his devoted audience that Michael Zayfax had exaggerated his parkins and symptoms, and an ad for candidates to support stem cell research purely as an act. And a class by itself is the president's down to the wire effort to brain his party as the defender of traditional marriage, even as the same sex scandals of conservative leaders on an off capital hill make La Cajra full look like the sound of music. Just in recent days, Reverend Ted Hagrid, a favored Bush spiritual advisor and visitor to the Oval Office if not the Lincoln bedroom, resigned as leader of the National Association of Human and Jellicles, after accusations that he picked for nice-to-male prostitute, and the talking points member of the law broke the story that Republican Party taking money from a gay porn distributor who stars include active to be soldiers, a film person who misses Chinese sister-reliance still awaits. And always there's the false reality imposed on Iraq. Absolutely, we're winning in the president's recent formulation. After all this time, we'd think that Iraq Christians wouldn't work anymore. The overwhelming majority of Americans now know that we were content and dismissed in the first place by two fake story lines manufactured by the White House, and connected between 9-11 and Sonam, and an administrative nuclear Armageddon. Both were tried it in and out of our last midterm campaign to rush a thickless congress in devoting for a war authorization before election day. As the administration puts the supposed the same boy four years later, this time the key to the fiasco going, you have to wonder if it can get away with lying once more. Given the polls, I'd have to say no, but last week's John Kerry Forest gives me pause. Whatever Lane Joker's not remarked the senator was trying to impart, it was no more relevant to the reality unfolding in Iraq than the sex scenes in Jim Web's novels, but as the White House ingeniously inflated a mole held by an uncantivated new mountain-of-fake news, real-loves from Iraq was often downplayed or ignored entirely. It was a chilling example of how even now a skit jing up by the administration's screenwriters penned warfender bled away reality in our media culture. I'm the same day, Kerry Blender, the US suffered a palpable and major defeat in Iraq. The Iraqi Prime Minister, Nuri Al Malik, he once again doing the bidding of the anti-American leader, Mokata Al Satter, somehow coerced American forces into dismantling their court in Satter City where they were searching for a kid in that soldier. As the melodramatic debates over how much Mr. Kerry should have apologized to Iraq down longer, still more real news got short-trifed. The U.S. took a death toll from Americans in Iraq was the highest nearly two years, some 90% of the dead were enlisted men, and nearly a third-runner-stenture as a duty of the second or third-tourers, their average age was 24. When the premises for war were being sold four years ago, you could turn to the fake news of John Stuart Daily Show to find the skepticism that might poke holes in the propaganda. Four years later, the press is much chasin' by its figure to do with job back then, but not all of the press. While both Mr. Stuart and Colbert make sport of the media's overtail on the Kerry's story, their counterparts in real TV news, especially the monotoxysically on cable, flagged it in sessionly. Only if the New York Times uncovered a classified Pentagon chart documenting Iraq's rapid descent into chaos, the reality began to intrude on the contrived concerto-toms posed by another tone-deft club from a former presidential candidate who's not even on the ballot. In retrospect, the defining moment of a 2006 campaign may well have been back in April when Mr. Colbert appeared at the White House course Bonnets Association did her. Colbert, a cultural primary, is performed as a judge to bomb by the Washington Press Corps, which he opted up instead for a Bush impersonator who joined the President-May benign sketch commissioned by the White House. But many as Americans watching C-Span and the Web did get Mr. Colbert's routine. They recognized that the Beltway establishment sitting stone-faced in his audience was the part of his jokes, especially the very news media that had purged Bush administration's fictions leading America into the Quackmire of Iraq. Five months later, a video of Mr. Colbert's dinner speeches still are runaway eye to and sip, and his common concept for Washington is more popular than ever. It's enough to give you hope that the voters may rally for reality on this crucial election day, even as desperate politicians and some of their media and neighbors try one more time to say to stay their official course. The biggest name of the best challenge to the faces of the New Yorker's Congress, the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to be the first one to want to know, What do I am going to play. Why you wired us, Matthew. Now I know my smell attract you. But unlike that you, you've got your, I feel just like that you are my favorite, and what you need to do with that. And why you are so bad by it. It is good. It is good. And I'm going to do a story. I'm going to do a story. I'm going to do a story. I'm going to show you. And I'm going to do a story. And I'm going to do a story. I'm going to do a story. Twenty six till two. I'll tell you one thing. We sure missed them all, Mike. You know it. Here's the facts. We asked in the audience response. Whether really something. I'm amazed. We haven't had like a hundred facts about, about, man's point. And you ever heard that movie before. Never. See, if you heard of it, you didn't know that she was in. You, you, you, I, I don't know why. I've been, right. I've been, you've been seen. Anyway, spirit of the statement, the facts is curry powder. And we thank profusely of the chronic who sent us in. Curry powder is a mixture of spices of widely varying composition developed by the British. They're in their colonial rule of India. As the means of approximating the taste of Indian cuisine at home. Most recipes and producers of curry power, usually include coriander, turmeric, cumin, and fenugreek in their blends. Did I pronounce all those right? Yes, I did. What you call the number that's talking about three yodnight, Eli's cumin. Depending on the recipe, additional ingredients such as ginger garlic, fennel seed, never dick fennel on channel four. The flow of mustard seed, green cardamom, black cardamom, nutmeg, red pepper cinnamon, black pepper, they also be added nutmeg. What that's really good in the egg not, right? Come in. Is that what you put in egg not? Besides those nutmeg, nutmeg is what I said. It's also the name given to a different mixture of spices that includes curry leaves, which is used in South and Eastern, Indian cuisine. And then the last sentence of this is enough to make you want to swoon. In fact, that cheese, I think, is making his way back up through my gullet. Curry was originally used to master the taste of band slash rotten meat. Oh, nice. Right in the middle of a late lunch for a lot of people. We're sorry that we interrupted it. Ka, where do you know there's a billion people in general Chinese and everything you're building people over there? You all got to eat? No, the smell of rotten meat? Hmm, yes, I know it. Oh, god. That smells so bad meat. I'll bet. Run like a son of a bitch. A democratic takeover for the US Congress will put two of the most outspoken critics of the rack war in charge of dispensing the money. President Bush will seek for combat adding pressure for a new approach to the increasingly unpopular war. And the House of Representatives represented David Obey of Wisconsin who arrived to the appropriations committee chairman of Democrats win this week. And every opportunity, the scrapy Obey reminds fellow lawmakers of his opposition to the rack war calling as a dumbest force in the war of 1812. David Obey can be a can tankerist fellow. I don't think he'd be in the business of giving the president an easy time to breaking institutions senior fellow Stephen Hess. Across capital Hill, Senator Bobby Burr at the West Virginia in 48 would have a Senate appropriations foul just before the start of the war in March 2003. Bush accused of a march of Burr to cue. What is it? Burr to cue is Bush are plotting our super power status with arrogance. Of the coming US invades and he said, today I weep for my country. We need to obey your burden charge of the committees that pay the $8 billion a month of rack war temp. Experts say the fence secretary of Romsel would have to do far more explaining of how the money was being spent, which toilet is being flushed down. Who is poms were shimmering? That could open the door for Congress to personally administration work with it and outside experts on a first rigorous assessment of Iraq's political problems and how to deal with them so American troops can leave the country. Such an opening could dump Hill was worked by former Secretary of State Baker who's a rack study group will soon issue alternative ideas for Iraq and as we're public and law makers increasingly are questioning the war, the illegal invasion, the slaughter of the bloodshed, the lunacy, all based on a pack of lies and the idea that well, you know, it's even steaming it a lot of these states and it's down in the middle and you wonder, well, what is going on here? What kind of a country are we talking about? Like a lot of dumb people? It's enough to make me bring another kit to from the labyrinths. Well, let's try it again. What do you think? I think we got past that one thing there. What one thing is that? We said, oh that. Same. Yeah. This is that. That's tough. It's good to see the head. I don't know. It wasn't nothing dirty in here. It didn't. I wonder how was I? Aintred. Oh. Sitting behind Obi-Wan's chairman a key defense spending some companies could be represented John Murtha of Pennsylvania, the astronaut who he year ago called for withdrawing troops from Iraq and sent her to Daniel anyway of Hawaii who lost an arm fighting in W-W-W-2 and is voted for withdrawing troops by next July. I don't tell me that's your vice president there. Oh my god. Awesome display of brass. I've ever seen a he ever. You have been a sometimes a democratic of their ideas. If not them personally. We were on the very beginning. Do you see their those other very ideas and just described this? You're choking and will. Isn't that as opposed to be a joke on us? The fact that he's wearing like a regular time. Because since they put him on Amazon we see him in and dicks the bow tie. Because he looks like a pussy. You know. Yeah. Were that the bow tie? And he sounds like it anyway. Sounds like a real screamer. You think that's supposed to be full of us. The fact he's got like a real real. Honest of god ties opposed to like a silly pussy tie. Okay. A preemptive strike on Iran and they will push for that in the final two years. And I'm not 100% sure. They won't get it because on this one I think the president may still agree with him. Yep. Happy cannon. A wise man. Ha ha ha. Oh no. Happy cannon. A wise man. Is he one of the three wise men? No. Why do they believe in that crap? He's one of the wise asses. Where the hell is that brick intent thing? Which one? Oh there it is. How are this one? Go where you go for. Why is one the other guy's bowie? What other guy? They're Republican guy. Oh no. Yeah. I'm sorry today. I want to break. Which one is your fall for? I'm not going to get into a tad. You'll freak out on me. Okay? Not no way. Yeah. That's good. Frick. Which one? Be specific. What's his name? I'm not going to argue about it. The guy from CNN. Ted Turner. Yes. Oh man. You go to for peeping. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude. What? Send the police right into my bad. I don't want to. I don't want my phone number. And it's right. Ted. And let them come over. Ted. Tell me. Ted. Ted. This wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for your side. What? My pal Rick voted for a non-fim. I knew this would be. I didn't vote for a non-fim. The biggest name. So this challenge to the existence of this. We all rotters for video 560. You ain't damn. The Middle Eastern world. Will be exploded. To dominate people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a presser nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. You get that oil going. Forget about Korean. The new fair toast you've had to write. We is really young. Over and over into our heads. That ain't right. As of. My sins of past instruction. Because we're good. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. 3,000 people killed. I'm now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be gotten. Going after said down to. Plank NATO's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in Lodden. But no one seems concerned all. I'm being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel. It may not be a station. The second trodde is my fear through me. The amazement of the station. Right wing is thrilling in over and over into our heads. And I act as a weapon of past instruction. The loss of civil rights is done. Right that were paid. We're all suspects now. Not to ask. Drop this saying. I have nothing to hide. People talkers all are saying. I know being in cattle don't have any reserve agents. How to provoke cattle and world and night. All machines must fall and have a virgin and snow. With no objection at all. Tell the crackdown of the balls and the right wing is thrilling in over and over into our parade. Watch and I rack have some weapons of past instruction. I got all the right weapons. I rack have some weapons of past instruction. All the lies. All the dickies are all the gentlemen of the bottom of their hands. I was just looking at the QM website because of this thing you sent me. Is it a memo? I noticed that thing on a bottom there Josh. Hanks picks. Yeah. I'm not afraid of an off-week when you say. I do believe over all first of all he doesn't. He just puts up five games. It doesn't actually pick the games. Remember that. Like you sign up to pick the games. I'm just looking at what it says on our website about the picks. Okay. You mean Hank and T.C.s picks? Right. Yeah. Well what is that? That's something separate from Hank's picks. I sure as hell hopes so. Oh my god. Maybe that's like Hank Schwartz. There has the Dilly down the street. Could be Hank Goldberg. It's a really basic. Teethy burada's already like the senior concident. He'd called R 첫 although his starting house. He was born within court. He was born in the Gii me down. He gave me a piece circulating. A few days ago he just started to put a gun on his throat. So Monday evening. Beth Watching Day Maybe Friday morning. Oh his name is Keith Brown. Will these two boys play these together for two months if baby, for two months okay. 30 minutes. Don't ask me for him. No position. I want to position that's going to be. I'm sure it's not the same position that the screw-in used to be in. Crowed up like a press all the time? No, no position. McCarton, Mercatable, you've all the companies interactive and they're shooting this in programs, creating national sales opportunities for advertisers, and overseeing the day-to-day operations of web-based activities, including streaming and database development. Now, what does that mean? Threatening is the commercials that we play online and the day-to-base is all the people that are, you know, get the QAM news letter and your play commercials online on QM.com at his crux. But there's nobody who reads, nobody goes to it. Well, I won't say nobody. Not third man. She'll also manage all local market and the market of sales managers who are in eight online ad sales and direct all revenue and processes involved with these these new growth initiatives. It's an honor of an those revenue streams. Okay? Because times are tough, baby, times are tight. Instead of giving Josh more money to do some of this stuff, they're bringing this broad in. I mean, Kathleen, we love Kathleen. Who else do you guess we do? You know her? Love her like yes, I do. I know her well. I see. So in other words, you saw me on chick with big boobs? No, not at all. But she's close near and dear to us here on the show. And why is that? She's Ken. Well, that Josh's mother. Oh, like I said, so she's probably splitting the cash with Josh anyway. Yeah. Where were you just talking about that? He's waiting for it to trickle down all about my hand. Freeman money. Wait, we looked at Kathleen's experience in leading this initiative and who were abilities in developing new solutions for advertisers. Explain to me now, why didn't you interrupt me before I said, bitch, that was bad. Now I'm going to hear, oh, you called Josh his mother a bitch. Yeah, I'm going to get that. Well, I'm going to tell you said a lot more than that. Yeah, you'll make it up. That's I will. I'll have a pretzel cramp. I don't know to talk behind your back a lot too. Yeah. Now, who is it that was chasing her around the building? Who was that? Uh, me? I don't know. You know what? That's all made up. You made all that crap up. I did not. No, I did not. You told me that. All right. Anyway, we looked at Kathleen's experience in leading. Nobody cares about this. I mean, I'm happy for Josh's mother. I'm happy that she's been a sure 50% of the pasties getting through this. Like a big promotion from our one. That seems to be obviously. Yeah, I guess. What's to me? That like you guys like your whole family is getting a real foothold and they easily imparted all of a sudden. Josh's family is pretty soon. He's going to be sending me a check every couple of months. All right. The dinner check. Yeah. Just like Rimmer was always a past me checks over to pay. Speaking of passing the money around drug companies use part of their profits to make sure that the very best people are elected in the House of Representatives and the US and to them, the very best people are Republicans of course. Through September of this year, drug companies have given $8.7 million to political campaigns. If both Democrats and Republicans were equally good, those funds will be distributed evenly between the two parties, Democrats and Republicans are not equally good Republicans are better. That's why 69% of drug company contributions have got to Republican candidates. In fairness, it says, though it must be noted that although Pfizer since 67% of this contribution to Republicans before October, it's most reason to slow you show it's had some sort of a piphany and during October, you've only 41% of contribution to Republicans and 59% of Democrats. The story says there's no logical explanation for this change or heart. Maybe they finally cut on the Democrats or worse likely going to win and they're stuck enough to them now. That would be the explanation I would see. Thank you. Good job companies are of course deeply indebted to the Republicans and crafting the Medicare prescription drug benefit that went into effect in 2006. The Republicans left drug pricing to the free marketplace. One of the proposals that Democrats favored would have permitted Medicare to negotiate prices for drugs that were part of the prescription drug benefit. Republicans did like that idea. Since that inserts the federal government into a dissonance, it only between the senior and his or her pharmacist. Thanks to the figure of that proposal, here's a scene that's repeated thousands of times a day around a country. The senior walks in the pharmacy asked for prescription access to how much it costs if the senior doesn't like the price the senior tells the pharmacist that if the price doesn't come down, the senior can provide the drug a different pharmacy. Most pharmacist will immediately ask the senior how much the senior is willing to pay and as soon as the senior tells the pharmacist what a fair price is, the pharmacist fills the prescription at the lower price and identifies the drug company that in the future, the pharmacist will be paying the drug company less. This is an example of the Republicans idea of the free market and action and that's why they refuse to let Medicare and negotiate drug prices. The new seniors could do a better job on their own. That's not all Republicans did for seniors. The Republicans made sure that the new prescription drug program would not permit the federal government to start its own drug program that would provide seniors with lower prices. That too would not be the American way. Nancy Pelosi would be speaker of the House of Democrats win since the first thing Democrats will do if they take control as long as an attack on the free enterprise system, luck by Republicans. That's how she puts it. She says Democrats will change the rules to enable the government to negotiate drug prices, prices paid out by Medicare. She says the result of the savings would be so great that there will be no need for the donor hole. The losers will be the drug companies and winners will be the seniors. That's another reason you're a company that's getting most of their support to Republicans. It's a reason senior should vote for Democrats. I mean like that. Oh, these are audiences. Now probably all over the agenda and he like me. You see we got 1365 now. It's just what it really pushed instead of saying the police members about his mom is making big bucks now and calling Mad Dog what was it a Jack and dumbass Jack asked? Yeah, that's what you said. Where you got in the 1400 and you know what that would have meant? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. What have been fun now? You're a rotiress for 20560. You're a dumbass. You're a frist and you're a beautiful and you know it'll tell you This will take us past two years. Bye bye.