Brown makes the catch a super plan. Well, and I had to go way way down along the bacon bullpen along the line and the crowd ground with his back to the plate made the catch a fine day. Well, the work situation is amazing to the game play. There's a good base for the job. They got a job. John Pagan over the tremendous home one of the first that he announced to one of his one for two. That is now 14 out of 15 retired by Rob Souser. There's a strike. It's going on. Souser is walked only while he is struck out for. Here's the old one delivery. In there's strike two, all in two and Souser considering to stay way out of the front. I'm a hatter sitter. You'll listen to it. WNWF South Miami Miami. Great crowd on hand. And they're enjoying it so far. The hurricane's with a five-pull lead in the bottom of the six. Who's a line? Here's the old two pitch. Please, struck an eye. Five strikeouts for Souser is now struck out 15 of 16. First base for the lobby office. I fly Rob Souser best performance of the year so far and it turns at the greatest time in the world for one pleasure. That ain't for Omaha. Five thousand eight seventy four just under the six thousand mark a tremendous crowd here on a holiday Sunday night. And they haven't been disappointed. Here's Andy Moppetties one for two and score it along. Pitch from Souser is a ball outside one and a no. Falling away Souser's outstanding pitching performance of the year and it couldn't have come at a better time. Right hand in lines and the one on pitch to the plate. Strikes up breaking pitch up an A is one and one. He is really bringing it. And the food that can pitch like this. You know the hall not to be jumping the gun. The hurricane's really can have everybody under the fence. Here's the one law. There's a swing in a sharp bouncing ball. A second. He only got to put up sort of first in time. Six feet out of the last seventeen that is retired by a lot of food. In the inning no runs. No hits no errors. No one left on. At the end of six four linings at Mark Light Stadium. Hurricane five steps in two. And bang bang. And fella Pan Aberceville at Pinegarle... And actually like tiny knit light, but if it you out, a funny, Analys guitar is going to make you feel no for you. A little different. Thoughtless bird powder has still causing my stomach, Bachelorless fire, lack the Bundesregierung's abb ihrot and我就 said he sure should've come for it $300 per hour. If you could help me out. That's fine, recycling with my mind, has been commembles and we'll go to the top of the 7 now for the hurricane. So Yoni loves the insurcer. I guess right hand, a lot of you Smith found in the relief of started Mike Malone. He picked the Sionni on the way and it works at a high outside delivery. Next is over 2 tonight also rocked in school to run in the fourth and with that rock that started to be five won up rising against Malone. What did that point have been invincible? Here's the one out of Sionni. Here's a swing on our whip-poured second and buy it a set of field-up icefish. He only hits first order tonight in a hurricane's seventh. Five thousand eight hundred seventy-four. Now with tenons here and we'll add that to the totally head before. And just a second and bring it to total attendance for the tournament. Where is Rosbeck's stepping in? He was one of the three and scored it on. Next by Robbie Smith, not the holding Sionni. The pitch to the plate is a breaking pitch outside one and a row. Four thousand five eighty-one and met in spite of the incumming weather that we had. The first day and hanging over us much of the day yesterday. It tremendous tribute to the baseball fans here in the Miami area. Sionni, a lead at first, there's nobody out. Robbie Smith to the belt and our heart's photo-first in Sionni. And Sionni, do I get back? Very close playing a good move. We mentioned yesterday that Robbie's got a good move at the first and he started to kiss again. Let's hear if they can cut it a time. Let's be waiting on a one ball and those guys. They're touching, said another hard shot. A first hand, they got him. Sionni was leading the wrong way. So make those kick-off and again, Robbie Smith's photos that let's pick off over and it cuts the only leaning in the wrong direction. You could see him bestfully, quite a change direction in the middle of playing. Couldn't quite do it. So run down. That clears the bases and runs through the one ball, those guys count. With lines here at the pitch, and lovely, let's get ball through a pie. Storcy and Santa Fe, right? Up next to him, who are came seven. Miami five runs, seven hits and two areas, set them two on three hits and one air. There's a four, it'll be on the way. Swing it on the way, swing it on the way, swing it on the way. Swing it on the way, swing it on the way, swing it on the way. Quite a good fast fly, by him. Storcy and Mount 49 and 17 on the way, the way to Hurricane 49, where 17 losses in one pie. Where's the two on next? Swing it on the way, swing it on the way, swing it on the way. Who's still here on the way? You're right, I think that um, about three motorway. Didn't count that when 40 years' old, don't want to pick anything away. That is where theabolic stretching in the World. Ever came back again 40. Yesterday the shoulders were covered clear. There came right back again and we can see that swing and drive for last few ofü anterior of mans on going back on the one and tracking and next to that. Love doing the thing that rolling track for number two and Henry with belki. the 80s of a quarter step so big. First we applied the light double to not can run in school or down to the third one for three and then RBI and the fourth inning is 70 at the year. The five the all time who are king record set by Frank Campfield last year. A lot of these mid-twels high over the set of all. So Frank Campfield had such a great clear here at the University. He's seen his records call really rapidly. A home run record of seven teams were laying the mollushto leaves on out the 21 and source he has tied and the very likely to surpass the RBI record. It's certainly number that the minutes you can anyway the tremendous year the class to have actually really a special event last two years and that after one battle at. A lot of these mid-winds here is the one old pitch. So actually look at the fastball up in these over the outside part of the plate one and one. Sam lets us see these asking them so why didn't local that one. One one inside. Back to us you out of there it's four and one. That's him going to pair in the first and the hurricane's five and the fourth inning that's been all scoring. Here's the four on the source you on the way. The low three and one Nelson's Santa vanion, the right back circle he would be next. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Smith line two on pitch on the way is low for ball four. Source he is on for the second time in the game for block five. Smith four five steps in pitching and here Santa vanion is that another good game. Nelson's bounce spot with hit by pitching score and single also score a base he was one for two. That was twenty six. Nelson's on the way back. So all the two teams at first base landing not the return of the back of his uniform holding source with board there with two down and Santa vanion steps in. Santa vanion last night on court to his nine ten on the weird supported by the two neighbor here as the corner broke out. Of course you assuredly did first as Robby Smith has the sign and now a hard Toyota is the first to turn comes back standing up. Smith feeling in is a last good lap of signing once here for stretch and the one one pitch. Swing on a bench on a braking pitch one and two and a kind of hanging away off the balance at time on ball two strikes. One and two with two outs, Swarcy at first. Smith ready to work again. Here's the stretch chance. Swarcy goes, pitch just strong on a missedy stuck and out. First strike out the lobby. Smith no one's one hit. No air is in a man left and out the other pitch and a half hitting is your marklight and the score means the hurricane's five and set in crew. They go out of the bottom of the seven for leading over the long hit was one hit and Robby Smith was picking a moving along as retired 16 and the last 17 many faced. The only steps in hit of the reach base was the last few were off with two down back in the four thinnings and that's it. Set them going both of their ones back in the first inning. The last few in the middle are here in the seventh. I don't have a feeling that they've never stepped up for how to do this. Leave a single they're not going to run and down to the shorties one or two. Freshman right hand the lob sees are looking in the get the sign from Santa Vania. So the winds and here's the pitch. Thanks for all like down the heart of the play. I don't know whether we're much of a nice thing but we're mentioning it now. I'll handle our police if that is for the last few days. A couple of minutes back is the main McEwen and playing in that field. Or what one on leave up? Who's the line? The O1 pitch. Playing in a base in a breaking pitch. Play out and find out if the counter's going to lose. Who's the rock one? Spuck out by. Just got it ready. Ready like in the start. Almost 6,000 on hand. Those are taking a little time. Line's near the O2 pitch. There's a swing in a bouncing ball to lane a third. Long throw the last deer's right on the money. A lot number one. 17 out of 18 retired by Rob Seagre. Here's a lefty. The lefty is bouncing out and walk. These go for one. I mentioned this pole. Those are the leading way for the outstanding alternative team. We've already thought about most of our ballads. And Celeste, you're especially, you're so close with the catcher. He has been very impressive. Not only defensively, but I prefer it. He lets it a fast ball in there a strike. Celeste, of course, with two home runs. One of my tape makes you travel over the scoreboard in the US after the middle here. He is outstanding. He'll be a one. Raking pitch low. One in the water. You can really see the season starting way off. Values. As many of the steps in hitters taking kind of a half slaying. A lot of the deliveries of season. Here's the line in the one one. Here, when somebody inside quarter or today is one and two, he is really niching him up well. So you can look at the entire one, another strike out. One down over the on. Here's the one quick pitch. How about a play? He's doing nothing with strikes that there. I said it the one man he walked. He has not been behind the hit or all night. The only bit to call here. The first thing John's taken away from members of one of the Centerfield fans. And then the air by. The buzz day was really responsible for the other. Stats and rocks. Here's the line. Another one, two, take. She's stuck him out. Like out. Number six. Or see her. Eighteen out of nine. Eighteen out of nine. Eighteen out of nine. Eighteen out of nine. Eighteen out of nine. Eighteen out of nine. Eighteen out of nine. No. Eighteen out of nine. So it is going to be the show. charges up with a throw is in time. 19 out of 20 no one no hitch no air is no one left on base at the end of seven pullinings of Mark Life Stadium. It's still a hurricane five steps in two. You'll like his more little back in Mark Life Stadium and the hurricane starts six out of the way from the fifth consecutive trip to Omaha on a Grand Spirit College World Series. One head of Robbie Smith was came on back in the sixth inning in the release of starter Mike Maloney. We'll go to Lane's last goes to see over the hurricane's eighth inning. It's followed out single to knock into the runs and struck out one for three. The hurricane's fifth base. So here's Lane stepping in there against Robbie Smith for the first time in the game. Smith line here's the pitch. Lane looks at a high inside of everyone ballows strike. Working to five runs seven hits in two airs and stepping two on three hits and they've committed one air in the game. What other lane? Well, not side. What else? The crowd of six thousand were like nothing better than the same as the lane jolt one right now. Well, nothing to chat. Robbie Smith line here's the pitch on a way and Lane looks at a strike. The way outside corner with the letters is two and one. Nobody on nobody out here any hurricane's eighth inning. Robbie Smith line here's the pitch. Here's a swing and a long shot. Do I see a white fin back at the fifth inning? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? My standing observation for Lane is one two second homer of the year and it's sixty seven times the eye to sixty two by Mian. That one was out of here with lots of Sarah again. When he hits him, they are gone in the orbit and the artillery is alive here tonight. And it takes six to my Emily that's the third RBI as an iceland. Here's our fillets. He's over one. That's beautiful. That's our fillets. Here's the pitch from Smith and our plays. But the back of the plates, like long. That is Lane fourth homerone with this regional tournament. Three of them yesterday. You said three on homer's and two solo shots. And he is not driven in. Ten runs. As far as we know, the Dutch offensive performer by a single performer in the entire NCAA tournament. Jeff led better by comparison. He had no homens. The Lane has been able to attract some of the problems he was fighting earlier in the season. A couple of months earlier. There's no telling what he would have done this year. All on. I'm telling the foul again. It's so in two. But certainly the last month. Lane has just been tremendous. Really striking out. Really missing. He was probably a striking out an awful lot. But very seldom has been striking out lately. And even with two strikes of dangerous hit or now. Block the two homerone. So it's the 15. All in two on our telly is Robbie Smith lines and throws. A ball outside. One in two. So that's a little more question now for lots of season. The hookings open up six to lead. One to the Orlando on the way is time for ball two. Two and two at our telly. That's an only three hits in the ball game. All of them came back in that first inning against Caesar. With hands assigned. Right hand to let he hear the three two pitch. And our telly's looks at ball three low. And we had Orlando in the hole all in two and I was going to focus on three and two. Left hand is that a Orlando actually is waiting and here comes the payoff pitch. We're going to foul back on the screen and Orlando hangs in there with a three two count. I think you might assume that we've already voted for Phil Ains. I'm going to foul standing play with the tournament. I don't think anyone would question that. Four home ones can our be aye and good defenses may appear. Also by the way impeccable play at the early when the season. The decision to strike out by them still is over throwing. A lot of time is confirmed. But boy he has rounded in the perfection. Three and two to count. Here's the payoff to our telly. And it's low for ball four. He walks in. Robbie Smith with a second walk. Here in a hurricane a thinning as activity continues and they had his dip in. And our telly's a leave. They are what's going on in the club. Four two is the number eight six. Four four. Four four. I feel it. Like we say in the game and play that field as we go to the bottom of the eighth inning. So they've car speeds the pinch running for our telly is a dark shield. We'll step in and Pete Dunn is coming out and Robbie Smith may be done. And so Robbie is a lot of lead off homer by lane. At the end of the shot way over the white field fence and then they walk to Orlando, our telly. So when all likely it will be getting our third set in 50 of these. Even here and coming on now is Perry Widers. A 5, 10, 150 pound of fresh minutes in Orlando. This is Widers first appearance. They do a picture of four of the hiders to separate 11. Here he widers. He replaces Robbie Smith. First appearance against the hurricane delays from the tournament is when Robbie Smith's Park and Lider comes on. Lider on the season. All his appearances in relief. 37 in these are pitchy. He's a lot of 26 hits. 17 runs. 3.65 is earned one average with a full and one record. Four wins and one loss. He's walked 10. Walk out 15. And Jerry Lider comes on now with placing Robbie. Smith starter was Mike Maloney. He looked very impractor than the first three innings and then lost with in the fourth. And finally the part of the game in the number six. The winner is Riding on the top of the game. Lider is ready to electrify this crowd all through the tournament. And it's time to the point now where every time Phil comes up to the plate. Now, expecting a possible home run he has to let him down to the open. Lider on the top of the game. 14 of the people at that for Lairman the tournament. Four home runs and 14 of that. You know, this year without a signal. Then the first game. And a signal with two more obi to an if thing. 6 to 14 not bad in 10 and play almost 500. And that coming from the 240 hitters. Okay. And by the way, getting the word to this is the father's top season has gone all the year. And he's even indicated far away. He's most impressed with the performance of the season. And it certainly could not come at a better time. So Lider, completing his well-mapsuses at the moment. And Lider. Lider, completing his well-mapsuses ready to go. And she hopes that's in there now. Caesar was the losing pitcher and that's where a four to two game. The game in 16 feet Miami here at Mark Lysetating earlier. We mentioned that earlier. The car at first, nobody out with mop at holding. And here she goes. He's locked in single one for two. And Douglas at a low-inside. Pitch one ball to our strikes. But not getting around in the fourth with that single also stole a base on the six for 42nd feet of the year. And the state of the pop in Calvin James leading with 42. Well, in a 36 and she was third with 32. Here's the flex the one to a fixed. She was checked off it outside. But all on deck, he sure stopped Lilauna. Jerry Lider, the unright hand, he looked at it and he got the sign from the last week, Carly at first. Here's the stretch and the flow pitch. She was a strike the other outside. Four to a lot. Lider ready to go again. Here's a cost of first and cars in Lid away. I'm sliding back in a hurry. Now to start it out. And as a busmal weekend on a Friday, it was lots of way and clouds. And so we didn't even know if we'd get this turn of it in. But the weather night cooperating a lot better. We just had that one way in Lilauna yesterday for about 20 minutes. And today was had no problems. It's been a beautiful day. And especially for the hurricane, it's all the way around. Hard to get a first and car has to again, stamp it back safely. With 90 minutes this game will be the 17th consecutive week in a play. Lider stretches, Carly goes, through a lot of swing and a mess. Slow to second base and he has got to be safe the second base. And for car. And after he writes, ready his second steal of the season. That's what my statute says. And I guess it is. He's been trying to pinch water many times with really not too many opportunities. So it's part of his way to feed. He hasn't really liked that many stolen bases. So there's number two. There's nobody out in Alman and Quake position. He's not on the field now. He's even a two balls and two strikes. Lider ready. Here's the section of two two. And she looks at ball three up at the camp. Three and two. Lame it off here. Lame it off here. And they come in with some on the light. It's 22nd of the year and 671 better than our plays. Walk. Lobby Smith departed at that point. They've called him joining stole second and now the 32 pitch to see. And hit him high and inside. And on the right hand, that she'll down and obvious pain. And that's hope that he can shake that off. Maybe it hit the bat first. Let's see. We could hear the sound. And now the umpires had a little discussion. And what is the indication? He was hit first before he hit the bat as well. I believe in out. I'm fire again. Welcome. Welcome. Coming up. The up-eye hasn't given us any definitive signal. I believe he was going to send she was the first base. The ball hit the bat. You could hear it. But after the first hit was pinned and she was shaking it off and it's going to be okay. I see a set by detection. We'll go to first. And of course the car remaining a second. She was with a smile on his face. So evidently not in too much pain. As he shakes that one off. We're calling a system coach. I talked about it on parents. His head coach Pete John arguing with the play-down player about that. Pete John had a little problem with the up-yer's here. The only a trip this year. And made it early exit. And I recall him watching the end of that ball game. It was play 1-4-3 by the way. He's testing due to the right over here to our left. And if he was not too pleased with the men and do on that day. But they're not a big argument here. I'd listen to the specials. The weather ball hits the bat first at the end. And the play-down player rolling it was a hit passman with the ball hitting the hand. And the first. So, he has a first car at second. Pete, you want to steal nobody out of here's loan up. Hey, let's go stop. Bill, where'd I? Rollin' has the stock out. Bounce down and rock. He's over two. Six kills. Miami leading in the eighth. And a chance for a fang. And the lead up some more. The lighter to the belt. So, look back at the letters there. Now, let's see the both going. Here's the third base. And it's going to be in plenty of that. The ball is dropped by Riva. Everybody had their signal spots on that play. As he'll cook off them first. The color wasn't running from second. And if it was coming, cars and head of take off. And the last day through the ball, Riva. He was waiting for Carthair and drop the base ball. He could have written a letter home before he tagged him. I don't even drop the ball right on the back. So it winds up as a double steel. He'll go 33rd and Carthair is third. Incredible. The N-field in, let all pitch inside. Almost good run with that. When it's pulling over and lighter, Hamilton's head probably going to cry. It's not happy. And you can hear. Riva, Riva, we had a field of very embarrassed on that. What is he had? The ball waiting for Carthair was even. He wasn't sliding from seating being out. And Riva dropped the right of the back. Carthair, she was a second-level guy. And he was walking in. There's a straight-chilly two-loader. Swing in a fly ball. He's going back at the fence. He's a good guy. That's the best thing to all brother business. For two-loader. That's the best thing to do. Really, Riva. He's going to be a nice fly this far. It's just a second-loader here. But it was a commendary shot. He does see the light of his golf board. And deep left center field. It is 90-nine. That's in two. Rona now with this two-runs battered in. And what a tournament he is in. Just about everybody on this line up. He's getting into the home one. They are still a way. He's headed again. Here's Calvin. He's one for four. Nobody out. Nobody out. After they three-way home or by Lona. Like it. The name's rolling what on James. Pack your bags. We're getting ready for Omaha. Jerry Wider looking into the last few lines. Here's the O'Wanda Calvin. Like two of the names going through. Rona. At least eight RBIs. But I can figure out an tournament. Eight. Five in the game yesterday again. That's it. And three here. Between Rona and Lane. They have paralyzed the headers. There's a slain of ground ball at first. Mops it up with it. They'll pass to the pitcher lighter covering to the tire count. It's a lot number one. Three to one if you're scoring. Here's the O'Nate. So they are clearly a little tight to the city. But Lane that it offered to come in to solo home. And then Rona. Eight. It's like a face. Big blank. It's like a thin field bench. There was no doubt about that one. From the moment it left the bat. Here's Cione. A single and three at bat. Also walked in the quarter one. Well, out and over the on. Why do Riden close high of all? One ball in those strikes. Miami nine runs a nine hits. And that's in two ons on three hits. Why do Riden? Here's the one. Oh, pitch. Outside of the knees to it. The hurt teams have now scored. 46 runs in three games. And we're not through this one yet. He or pitch. He's fine. Three at all. And Cione left the other next. Almost 6,000 left the on and they have been treated tonight. Well, we are heading out to the bushing again. There's a strike down in the middle of Cione. Three and one. There's a play in a hard shot. To wipe the up the on a hit second. They should have been hurricane. Then the hit parade continues. Even Gizana Kenzie never saw hit parade. Like the one in hurricanes would put on here this week. Then hit to this game so far. They had nine against USF that's 19. And 19 against Fettel West. They were 38. And 36 runs in Harry Wider. They came on just the moment until the goal is ready to be leaving this week. As he done has seen enough. And Wider will be departing very rapidly. He'll get our fourth step to the ticket. And it is ready to be. Jim and by another white hander coming on five, six, three, two, ten, a senior. Some witter springs brought up. And Jim five is in the second. 32, two, five, five out of six. Now the next ball of the excitement that obviously will be coming up. And I'm not saying this to the 20. I'm not saying it because I don't believe it. I think that really really have to tip our heads to keep on in this direction team. They have been just really shocked to be that I try to me. And I'm sure a lot of other people the way they come back. Yesterday just getting demolished by the hurricane. They're 15 to two. And so many other teams just could never have come back from that. And especially then to have to turn right around and pay for it immediately, following the behind them a very first inning, pull up. That would be enough to do most teams in addition to course to the tragic death of one of their teammates. Just a few days ago last Monday, so many things that have happened for steps and that have been on a negative side and these kids have picked themselves up. Come from behind over and over again. And then at USF came earlier today again when it looked like the game was not there. and not there's to be one that would down five three. They came back on a triple by leaving the tide up and wanted in the 11th. And we just can't say enough about the impressors of the performance they've had here. They were little surprised themselves to be invited to the regional. They had me want to put a game yet all over the one through the 40 now. And they thought perhaps they might not have had enough wins to be invited to the quarter, but then themselves part. But the other ones who believed in themselves believed in them were themselves. They never doubted that they belonged here. And they put on a conendous performance. They would want to have had some of the cards. But they had the true Cinderella team that there's conema. Absolutely. So you only a 1st of one out, not put holding in Jim Pai ready to go. Here's Lesbou, one for four tonight. Here's the stretch by Whitehender Jim Pai. And instead of lobbed the 1st and Cionic back, the standing up. I am in line, Stetson Piu. Here are the Hologain half of it. I'm waiting for the wait. Here's the pick to the fight and bounces up there and again Zoluski and other good luck. Let's get you seen him do that probably 30 times here this year and going back to the series. Stetson Pai earlier this season. Now there's waiting. And he really gets to work out behind the plate that there's a nice to hold job. In this block club, this Stetson baseball program is certainly better to come this experience than they're going to be heard from again. Here's the stretch. And five with a 1 0 picks and Lesbou checks off at the Kloan outside 2 at all. Sorski and Santa Vena, the follow here and the Miami loop, putting only one out. Lesbou is a 7 man or a hit in the inning. Pai ready again to tall light hander. As the only takes off, two hours low for ball play for the second is high and not in time. And C. only has his 26th toe in base of the season. So the Americans keep demonstrating that they are ready for that on a hot tournament. They are ready and every department of the gym that's five still in base is for Miami just in this criminal owner. So S. only in scoring position now, it's second with one out. So three nothing count on Lesbou. Pai ready to go, here's the stretch and they clear what it was B. Strike with a fast ball up in ease on the inside part of the plate three and one. Pai again ready to work here. As I look back at the one of the three one pitch and Lesbou looks at ball four low. These are on for the second time tonight. First walk five times. He walks the first 90 faces. And the sixth walk given. That's the kitchen. So here's the eighth night of the inning. B. H. St. Sorsi. Pai has a double on a walk. One for three officially in RBI and a one score. And the next RBI don't forget to set the all-time hurricane record. So the only at second, Lesbou, first only one out. Pai to the belt, pitch the sand. There's a swing at a ground ball on the left side. Great goes to second to one hand. Ball is dropping. What's the rolling safe? Lesbou did not have possession long enough. And it'll be an error on the plane. Everybody is safe. The bases are loaded. So St. Sorsi is starting to come unblood a little bit at this moment. That's the second. How does air in the game? Everybody's safe. The third or second, what a bit in time. But the ball not held. See all these are third. Love these are second. And St. Sorsi, first in here, Santa Vanga. One for two, one for three, well. There's the stretch, three men leading. The field is in pitch on the way. It's Santa Vanga. It's a hard ground ball in the right field. The only scores. Love the routing, third coming home. He is going to score. And the hurricane's having 11 to two lead. And I suppose the other would not be too presumptuous on our part now to start looking forward to next week's tournament in Omaha. The pack, 46 FBI's for Santa Vanga now. It's 11 to two that's the hurricane's 11th hit. Sorsi stopped at second, Santa Vanga. He's going to be departing or give him a rest and look at a pinch runner now. He's done he rolling, comes out to pinch run to Santa Vanga. And he's going to be looking forward. The fourth or Johnny Roller. The fourth or the fourth is the right. The first, the first, fourth is the second. Still only what I did. Look who's coming up again now. Laying still led it off with a long home. One is 20 second of the year. And he's the pet man of that and a inning. What a team effort it's been this year. All the way to him, Sorsi, of course, stand out to their play and there's turning it along with Lona. But this has been a team effort all the way up and down and putting a lot of the people who don't get to start every day. Two men are only one out. Try looking into the lefteer for the sign. Laying waiting here is the stretch. Pitch the tail. Checked off. It's a strike that the outside corner of the knees. Nothing in one. And we'll know the Hurricanes, future opponents in the tournament next week. Look at some of the flex growth. They're going to start to get a little brave. And the Hurricanes, you mentioned last night, they score in punches. They scored five in the fourth inning. And six more here on the eighth. And now Rick Holley has just been coach for a step in coming out to the mound and the five, maybe in the end year. The trainer also are following him out there. I don't know what this is all about. And as they're having a discussion with a tight unpar. And five standing there and evidently, we're going to get a new picture as a fly. As some sort of a problem. And the new picture will be given as the reason to make the difference of course and making the change is that the new picture will be given as much time to warm up. As he needs, the fly is heading off back to the stretching dugout. And we'll get you at another picture for the headers. And this one is coming out. There's more to get to do the pussy. Let him in. So I left him at a dinner's marty come down and the pitchy great continues here for the headers. And this is our first chance to see Martin. And that's five of the parts. And the Lonnie started Robbie Smith. Jerry Wider, Jim Fine. And now dinner's marty in that order. And we'll take a look at the information that we have on Martin the year. Martin is 6, 390 pound junior from Glenschweil, Pennsylvania. And very limited activity. He's only picked one in the third innings on the year. He has no record. And then what average of 4.62 is allowed 6 runs in the four hits. And as of these all to higher in one average of 4.62. So left hander Dennis Martin will be allowed as many while my tosses as he needs and he comes on with placing five. He's suffered an injury of some sort. And had to be removed from the game. And play with him. Of course he is a second row in the pinch running for Santa Vanias at first. And Philane is the hitters with an Oball once right count. That's quite a problem. For any picture to have the face coming in in this situation, left hander respectfully would lane up there and two letters aboard. But Martin will be put to the test here in a moment or two. And he feels he's not enough while my pitchers get ready. But that's it again. Most of the other tournaments still are far from being decided in terms of the winner. Here's the stretch by Martin and the pitch to shields is a strike a fastball at the letters on what. Laces loaded in field considering the play in. 12 runs on 12 hits for the hurricane. Stretch by Martin and the O1 pitch. They check swaying in a pile off behind a plate and the cut on shields now is 0 and 2. And in the undexical, Philona. He lane and Cersei, that trio in particular, had teamed up with an offensive garage in this series, the likes of which you have excelled in the scene. Three runners laid here's the stretch and Martin with the O2 pitch to Doug Shield and outside the ball one and two. Here we are in to get the signing. Martin has the one he wants from Zaleski. Here's the one two pitch. Here's a swing on a ground ball to third. Revers got it to play with the at home and in time of this play by Zaleski again on a ban throw on one hop. The horse play goes five to two and let it tug is Zaleski showed his wears there with a fine play juggled it, then held it and stepped on the plate. So, Sorcey is number seven to make it the only one. They have to run a roll in the sports at the plate. Lane's up there, Mickey Williams at second, she ended first two out and here's Rona. One, four, three, a three run home or also rock. And Rona is up that RBI total, it has to 52. The race is loaded two down, here's the stretch by Martin pitch to Billy. Strike at the knees, oh and one. So, Lane with 10 RBI's in the tournament, Rona not far behind with eight. We're talking about only three games so far. Here's the O1 pitch inside, one and one. How would you like to have the number nine hitter in your sports club knocking in just to do road? I'd love it. And hitting 300. Three men laid two down, here's the one to Billy Rona. There's a swinging line right to left center, feel it's going to be in there for a base hit and all the way back to the fence. One run for a Mickey Williams scoring. He was running third, he's going to score. Rona is going to go to third and he's in with a triple and it's 50 to fill my face. Did you say 55 RBI's more? Unbelievable. Shot hit left center, man John gambled on the catch, couldn't make the play and run a goddamn all the way to the fence. Everybody scored. Three RBI's Rona has knocked in six at a 15 Miami runs. He's a third and that's a third triple in this series. Right, here's James. Right, so the double-jay. Calvin's 1-5. Rona at third to down. Nine runs in in the inning. Here's the pitch. Strike at the knees. Here's all in one. Miami 15 steps in two in a hurricane eight inning. Here's the stretch. All one pitch. Calvin looks at a ball up high. Running run. So six and five and now Laine who's going to look up to Mr. Rona. Maybe not physically. That at least in terms of the RBI's and this tournament. Laine's got 10 rotors. Got 11. Stretch by Martin Rona off. Three, one, one to Calvin. James, low ball, two, two and one. There were Kings play out two nothing. Rolling into the fourth inning. Then they scored five and that's the way it stood till here in the eighth inning. And now Miami has had nine runs. Make it ten runs. I'm sorry. They don't put ten on the scoreboard. Here's the two on pitch. Low, three and one. It's 15 to two. Let them show a pitcher walks out there and doesn't have enough throw to these guys. And I can't blame them. Martin is the fifth. Stetson pitcher of the night. Here's the stretch. Three, one to Calvin. James. Inside ball four, Calvin's on for the second time. James at first Rona at third. And she only has due, but let's see what's going to happen here. Let's see who we're at that. And now Pete Dunn is coming out again. Then I guess Martin is done. And we'll get our chicken. There's a place. And it's done. The base ball very quickly. And we'll put your coming up. 26. Closer. Closer. Yeah. Here's Bob Puso check. And I'm a tell you, he is a good one. He pitched against us earlier in the season. And absolutely nothing the first time out here. And then came right back after a brief appearance and run in relief of Robbie Smith at four to two steps in victory. And of course, he was the winning pitcher the other day, going all the way and not Florida game is how we call it in the five to four victory. So Puso checkers are good. Well, on the left hand, it comes on now. And we'll try to end this business here at the 10-run hurricane opening. Here are the faith for the parting. But I've said you're not very many of them. A lot of people at the bars are holiday of course. And the most people don't have to work except those of us who are blood transfusion. And most of the faith for want to be on hand is savory. They final out. And the obvious celebration that will be coming. So the hurricanes are packing their bags. We're not going to have a dramatic previous year in board. So we didn't some of the previous four years that I've been here in the regional tournament. It's well in hand now. And the hurricanes are really a pitch that's in to the test here. These two games, 18 runs yesterday, 15 already here tonight. We're still not over. And the hurricane backs are just been incredible. 27 and 15 is not 32 runs in three games or an average of 14 runs of all game. And again, some pretty good competition. Granted FSU was not here. But we didn't have any slouchers in this tournament here. The other three teams that were represented all had good records. And it had good seasons. US efforts on a pair. They had won 17 out of 18 before coming into the tournament. And that's, and of course, had won a game right here. And had played representative ball against all the other teams in this tournament. And the Florida Gators, of course, are always tough. Not as good perhaps as some of the previous teams they've had. But they were no pusher. They were still good enough to remeber that team. So he's right. So, Bob Walker was going to come on at that in Cioni spot. And of course, that's a first for my army meeting for Michigan. He is number nine, Bob Walker, Walker, and that's for street service. The race was too for four also rock and score two times. James at first, runners at third, two down. Bob, please check the left hander. They six pitch with a night for steps and throws. Strike at the knees, all in one. And of course, on WNWS, we will bring you all of the action from Omaha. As far as the hurricane goes, we have done the past four years and now the fifth. Left handers, stretchers and throws. There's a swing on a foul on the ground along the left. The Alina went through on Walker. And you were listening to that at the UNWS South Miami Miami, for all the fans of you and your money would Jeff Cash Hour had be a long run after the ball game to take it on midnight. Nothing in two on Walker, two down, row to at third, Calvin James at first. Stretched by Closer Check, owed two pitch, outside, one and two. Miami 15, Stetson 2, the rest can score 10 runs here in the eighth inning. Please check stretches and now they won two pitch on a way, outside two two. Walker hitting only 170, three of it. He's got four home runs and 13 RBI. Bob, he has only nine hits and limited play this year, but four of them homers. Here's the stretch in the two two to walk you on a way. There's an air for calls like three in the inning. Finally, come to the right conclusion. 10 runs, six hits, one air two main left on and now at the end of seven and a half to the Mark Wright Stadium, Miami 15, Stetson 2. Well, one of those reasons for what is just going in the celebration here at Mark Wright Stadium. That's where my new again, the set to stage where they heading for Omaha in the week. And next Friday evening at six, 10, Miami time, the hurricane's in Maine. The pairs of Maine will meet just as they did last year in the Hurricanes first game of the College World Series in Omaha. Hurricanes winning that ball game last year. In fact, we look it up and check the score. Two minutes to one, my memory was right. I didn't want to chance it, but that was the score. The Hurricanes being ahead. And for what turned out to be the only one on the high last year, but I think this could be much different story. Rush degree is contributing for Manzo and here in the Stetson eighth inning as Pete don't run to get all of his people in the act here in the region. Bob, Rob Susan throws a swing at a mist strike run. Susan meantime is retired 19 of 20. So let's keep a rock in the fourth is the only Stetson man to reach base since the first inning. Then a question about Susan knows whether he's lost his shot, and this because of that long, long top of the eighth inning. Well, I don't think it makes too much difference. Here's the O1 pitch on the way to Rush degree in low or one in one. This stands what I'm sure he'd like to go the full line. And if only serves correct, I think the Hurricanes of only had two complete games all season long from the pitching staff. Susan, of course, not one of those. Here's the one one pitch. There's a swing in a ground ball to the road at short. Here, and now the water falls down the third of first in time as green fell down about a third of the way down the baseline. And at least good naturely is laughing about it. Ronald got a run across the diamond and stepped on first. So run down and he steps in a fitting and here's Scott there. The shortstop is struck out twice. Drop the out at 21. We're tired now. High Susan. Well, listen, I don't blame them for the entire. They've had a rugged day of a day played in swaddling heat under the sun earlier. And there's a two and a half hour ball going to do. Here's the ball outside to gray. What a no. The freshman right hand to Rob Sousa with a one-hole pitch. Shave baseball strike one, one and one. And what a lot of confidence this steps in team in the whole baseball program are going to benefit. I miss experience here this year. One pitch swing in a half foot out of the gravel. Pop walker, it's one and two. Walker has come out now and is doing the catching. Thank you Williams' in left. She doesn't center. Calvin and Wright. Lanes get a third won out. Shard, Johnny Rollin at second, last be a third. Then he's mentioned Walker pitching in Rob Sousa. He's been out there all the way. On him out. Here's the line. One two pitch, bounces by back to the screen. Two two. That's a silver net for the ground food. The 11 struck well. Right up at the top of the screen. Sousa's rock run struck out six. Most of the faithful still on hand. Sousa line, Jan, the two-to-picker to play. Swing in a pop-pile out of play back over our heads, two-to. The other, the other, the other. And lay off. We're worried about more. Don't seem to make a decision to make a difference. What do you want out of 22? Here's Jeff Begner. He has a second strike out. He's flying right in between. He's over three. Two down. Nobody on here on the bottom of the eighth. Sousa continues with his masterful performance. Three hits in a game. Jeff Begner waits, pitch on a way and it's low ball. Run ball and those strikes. Well, I guess we can start packing slowly now. Just see me. Now, the bat three days is so to get ready. As memories of Ross' steakhouse and Mr. Seize and all the other great things in On the hall, there's high and inside two and a half. Of course, unfortunately, most of the great things in On the hall are the first runs, baseball and extra bend. Or X-harbin is they call it S-Pulls in the basketball. It's the lace track. And it's a long series this year by the way from the fourth through the 13th of June and on the halth 10 days. Two up pitch to Pegnawe's low, three and all. So there's a line here as the three-o pitch. Outside for ball force, Pegnawe's on only the second walk. And now Pegnawe becomes the first base runners and Zaleski walked back and moved forward sitting. Right there. So two on, Pegnawe first was beholding and Rodby Lynchton who was over three steps in. Why, let's be as holding on. Not sure at this point. And now he decides to sing and plays in behind the runner. Here's the stretch of the pitch to the plate as a fancler. Up to these all and what on Lynchton. I don't think that Pegnawe's going to be going and you wear it down by 13. And speaking of Jeff Pegnawe by the way, he did have one Miss Q and the earlier game that they overcame and they knew I said to him. But he has really impressed us with it. He's defensively in center field throughout the series. He has a fine time back there. He covers a lot of ground up there. And he's made some really tremendous plays in the series, but most of me made so casually made him look easy. It's like two a good pass ball of the outside quarter at the ball. It's all in two on Lynchton and Susan's throwing just as hard now. And he runs in the early innings at the ball game. And this is not only his best performance that is hard, as I have seen Susan throw all year. He is super tonight. How about alive again? There are balls and two strikes too down. Here on the eight, there's the stretch. And the eight two pitch, laying in just a little chop pile, off his foot, up and up to the plate, it's still on two. Considering all of my army pitching in this tournament, the little stuff to be the finest performance in the nine Lynchton staff all season. What are the best games we have seen earlier, you're right. No question. Do you think you're going to be the best in the final job on Friday night? Asked for a bonnet to go to a really pretty close. Then he smith a super job and leave a pass quiz act last night. And Susan can keep in this group. Boy, that's going to be very valuable to buy me an Omaha. Here's the stretch. Check out the runner or the old two pitch. There's a swing in a ground ball of short. Well, it has got it. Throw the lost beers in time and he's getting his over. No runs, no hits, no errors. One left the hurricane drive. Three outs away from Omaha on a pass quiz. He's got a college work series after eight inings in Miami to score. Who are came 15 steps in two. I'll fetching through Jeff Houtfield. It is generally heard about the hottest of steps in the tournament to this season. I'm as good. And there are best things that have been stepped in history. There's a perfect risk to be asked to have this trip. And today, I'll switch up yesterday. I'm getting good job to be telling you about the tournament. And give up on the five feet together. Let's see if that's about it if this stuff's going to get over today. And a well deserved hand, special degree set of an assemble well team. And they deserve their big hand to all the faithful and the hurricane fans. Appreciate it. Good afternoon. See you on. And a lot of a special degree set of here as well. And they deserve all equipment in the world. They have been just tremendous. Here's Las Vegas. Here's Las Vegas. Running for four off the spot twice. Alt here catching out. He's a perfect place. Here's a check. Rose. Strike at the knees all along. And they top it off. And they're taking three outs away. And they run the go to the bottom of the inning. From their fifth consecutive trip to Omaha to Bransk and the College World Series. Here's the O-Ron pitch. Bouncy's by everybody running one. And one thing. You'll get a told me this was going to be a 15 or two Miami-Lete in the opening. But I think the way that the loading pitch building again, the way that the pitch was raining. What a one pitch is swung on a bounce down the ground. A first that will be Hayes making the play on a sister. Then, route number one. So here's Sarsi. Sam is one four four. A double S.O. walk. The scored twice and driven in the run. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 80. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. He's 70. When is the Все? When is it? Every single one by one. The call worker in a could have been a crazy woman. He was 4200. Almost 45. He's 40. He's 5200. That's 1. He's 50. He's 53. Almost 65. He was not he rollin' batting for the first time. He went into one percent of England. It's so see, of course, not being held with course and one down. The hurricanes were not be adding in self-hinged re-by. Running here with a 13-retlet. Pays it checks, stretches and throws. And rollin' looks at a strike at the belt. It's all in one. And decked by the way. They give you one more chance to spill a ring. Balling another play here. A one pitch rollin' looks at a ball rolling inside. One in one. Lame with four horn runs. Then the series. Source you with two. There's a swing on a looping ball that is going to get knocked down by Hayes here. That's right, first nine out in time. Put your closer check, cut the throw. It was an empty head throw. It was a tough play. And Hayes made a good effort on it. Mahal was got him. I didn't think they even make a throw. But they made a good play. But rollin' with his good speed beats. They made a hit. They 15th line. He hit, rack-wind is in stop-mort. And the answer was not yet. So sources you check and rollin' to push in for a lane rush step to the play. This is the ball I made. This is the ball I made. This is the ball. Up there's seven. There's seven. So lane is only hit four horn runs in the tournament. Today a single for two. I'll be eyes. I'll have one at tremendous shot to right. Two for four on a rock. Twenty two homers. Now in 67. I'll be eyes. One out to a. Pays it checks, throws. Lane, it's a hard smash to short. Here's the ball for the second for one. We later first in time at L.P. The auto-grabble show. Or six two for it. It's when it stops. No runs, two hits. No errors. And then my left on. After eight and a half, the mock-eyed stadium the score is the hurricane's 15 and steps into. There's a gentleman and as you see, we're university and mommy heard grades for the ball. On top of the bill, you're 1982 at all. Five consecutive jumps to the ball is wrong, sir. There's a few films that don't have that. They want their 50 if they have. Offers in university and mommy heard grades in the bill. Spanning or racing. And rather, sir, I got to tell you that every team has been different. All of these guys five years. Each team has had a different personality. A different character. But I got to like this one the best. Because everybody thought they could do it. Nobody believed in this team. They didn't think they could come back losing. He'd been browning in service. Morrison castred the hazards. Nobody believed in the team. Nobody believed in the team. Nobody believed. The lot of Brazard and Skipperman can put together a star of all. Come again. And lose that many star bad players. And they have got it. They've proved it. And there's nothing about it. And there seems to be. There's guys of only discovered their own person. I'll be with them in the last couple of weeks. And the Arizona State series, a calculated risk paid off. It really happened. Here's John Peggino. Which from Suzan away is lying. And in the right field for a pay set. James tensioning the down-law with shields. It's back at the fence. Drop pegging a lot. He first and he'll go at a second to the stand-up. That's all to the fourth hit. Off of Suzan again. And two of them by taking a long hand run in the first over the center field. And now a shot double in the gap in the right center. So a stance in a certainly not just going to roll over here. They're going to give it a good. That shot. That's great. Dan Hayes, the first baseman heading for the first time. We're placing Mopper to the 1-3 tonight. One of what's second nobody out, who will change their 3-out to a for now in the hall. Caesar who said I just core hits two walks. And only one hit, but then you just saw, since the first inning. There's a bouncing ball on the right side. Second baseman roll and he's got a throw to first one out. And the third goes pegano. Two outs away from the college world series. Manel bring up the third baseman, Vince Riva. Number 13, how does this baseman, Vince Riva? We've his 1-3 in Arby Ashingon the first. Rob Sousa, he's been in there all the way in the tremendous pitching performance. That hander lines here is the pitch to Riva. There's a swing at a hard smash to short. Great play, a truck by one, or a truck's about in the 1-4. Great play by one. Got another hall, a throw, a throw, a truck. That ball is hit like a bullet and run a couple of steps to his left. Reach down, spear it out of here and chew him out. The run scores, 15 to 3, 2 outs now on a hurricane or 3 strikes away from running it all. Here's the pitch to out here. That outside, let me know. God, I'm still moat to the left here. They are ready. One-o pitch, followed and ground off at the extension. The run in one, who it came, two strikes away from Edna Hall. Just a matter of getting a silver here, but the play clawing during the Arby seconds. Here's the lineback, one-o-one pitch. Check two, or up at ease running through. Two, certainly just to stop now as he was in the running inning. He was really tying that ball. All the Hurts think they're standing in the dugout on the third day side. Lookin' here to climb, here and see, one-o-o pitch on the way. That's proud to get up in. And we'll have to do it one more time. They love the season, they're able to strike out. He's walked on a two and struck out seven. This is the most enthusiastic crowd I've ever seen here. They are ready for it. Who's on hope to be on? Who's the one? One two-pick, no, two-pick. My only fifteen steps in three is to darmabrice, two-lice, nobody on. He's up there. Two two-pick, high and inside and let's see whether we hit him or hit the fan. And it's hitton. I believe what he up I said, evidently hit him on the show, right? So all tier is hit by the pitcher. All right, back and start over again. And we're getting another pinch hitter here for lookup. So we'll give it a chance. Fans are chance to spend a little more energy now. All the headers, they pinched it. That thing for a loop, though, is number thirty four. Stop, chop, chop, chop, chop. That's got to chop, chop, chop, chop. He's done getting almost everybody in the acting. That's great to see most of the players getting a chance to participate in this first ever to lead you to Johnson right ahead of better with all tier first to two-lice. And the crowd at a fever pitch. He's at the bell. There's a picture shot Johnson playing a foul, nothing to run. He burned that one by him. He's running late. No, one one. And the game of the comedy here, the game of the ball rolls loose to other who are keen back out. And everybody goes loose now. There's no red tension in this ball game. There's no balls run strike. Right ahead of better rates. There's this stretch. There's no run pick. They're going to find a strike too. And again, they're not at their final strike. There's no balls to strike too out. And the enthusiasm here can take us. Everybody's standing. There's the stretch. Concentration. There's two picks. Three points. The ball turns strike. His eighth strike out of the game and a hurricane. I want to also say before I forget it here. The fans deserve a lot of credit to it because they support baseball here. Like nobody in the country supports college baseball. There's not even anybody close as far as the pendants is concerned. These people that I'd say 90% of the crowd stayed right for that last pitch. And they were really up for it. We'll just keep it right here at this point. And we clap and raise. Save all of this activity. The alliance for hurricanes 15 runs 15 hits and tears. And steps in three runs for hits and two airs. They winner at all away with a brilliant performance. Freshman Rob Sees, a just a freshman. But they're like he picked the greatest night of his life for the best. Pitching performance of the season. And he was a sharp as a raise all the way through. At a little bit of a problem in the first inning. But after that they couldn't catch him. Meaning he was running the bottom of the night. The season certainly is spectacular performance. And as far as hitting is concerned, all through this three games. The hurricane's scoring 42. Well, let's make sure my math is right 42 runs in three games. And that's in average of 14 runs again. And three regional tournament games too. And I just didn't know you're average every day. One of them will ball game. And we're looking for a lot of people at all the hogs in for the fifth year in the row. And we're just no supermitives at all. Fill in Billy Rattas and Sorcey. He hate to leave anybody out. But certainly offensively those three sources. You've got pitching job, Danny Smith, that he has for a bottle. At team up with all the way through and is ready to put it out. The team really peaking. They came with their peak just at the right. They're playing now as well as they have all year. And I think Susan's performance was symptomatic of that. It was a kind of a example. And how the whole team seems to be jelling just at the right quarter year. Absolutely. You're good and they're set at better than all of it. This has been a team effort throughout the tournament. Everybody has contributed. It's a leave out. Anybody's name is really a cinema mission because they have all contributed to this tremendous victory here. The only undefeated team in the tournament. And 42 runs in about 44 hits. So they've made every hit. The virtual, every hit top for a run. This is an incredible performance. So the hurricane's all gathered around. Rod Fraser and Skip Irvin on the far side. And again, as we indicated before, the Stetson Hatters deserve a tremendous amount of credit. And they're sending the run up performance here. And they give it through all. And of course, knocking off Florida coming from behind the BDSF. We cannot say that. And if about them, they'll be back. You can be sure about that. They'll be heard from in the next couple of years. They've got a good baseball program. They can compete with anybody. At the hurricane's at this stage of the season, just awesome. They're a little celebrating out there. Looks like Doug Shea was on the back of that cent of Angel over here. And they're all getting it on the act. The jumping on top of each other rotors up there. He's always one of the team cons with Cersei. And they are loose. They are ready. They are really siked up. It's going to be a tough college world series again with a likes of Stanford and Oklahoma State is awesome. Texas will likely be there. But I believe this team can play with anybody as we proved in the Arizona State last week. With this kind of a team, this is just the kind of a team that they need to go out there to that tournament. They've got to have the big bats and now that the pitch is attached, Gerald and they're suddenly come to become a tremendous core, dependable for it. They're doing seem to be an awful lot more that you can say about it. They have peaked. That's for sure. And we're just delighted to see it happen at this time. It certainly is over because they work hard. They're overkin a lot of skepticism. I remember the very beginning of the year before the first came, right? One crazy one, my show. He said, near over going to lose some games this year, don't give up on his dubious party. We're going to really have to develop and feel it. But they did into a tremendous team. This was their 50th win of the year. So they are 50 17 and won going into the college world series. And as I said, this has got to be a team that, I find my favorite of the five, not to take a gaping away from the other four and all the players. But this is a team that really showed character and developed from one that nobody believed into one that now I think everybody is valuable even. And we're just delighted to be a part of it again. And this is all that you're going to be hitting for on the hand. We'll be hitting out too. And don't forget, let's take a look at the, you know, at a schedule, it couldn't be any better as far as saving my enemy because they played main last year. They beat him six to one in the first game. And a very first game in the college world series. It'll be this Friday, June 4th at Omaha, to Bransket Rosenbach Stadium. And the main and Miami were team up again. And we'll be bringing up to you in the area of six to clock, probably around 5.55. Miami, time of their pregame activities. And we're really looking forward to it because of promises to be a barn boonner. We'll be here after getting it to longer. Will it series this year, whenever we force it spread out over 10 days. So we'll have plenty of eating out there as well. We'll give you all the good reports. And we've got to rest once. We can scout those up really well for you. But I think we got a lot of good baseball and store for now, and how to brass for this year. And we look at a Florida, it can sure be proud of their representative and the more college processors as you are. Absolutely. And we thank all of the fans again for their tremendous support. We had Ronald 6,000 here tonight. And again, if I can find in the middle of all of my chicken scratching out here, we've got to be really looking forward to three games all together. We had about 14,000 plus, post to 15,000 for these just three days. And when you consider the inclinant, whether yesterday and Friday, that again is a tremendous tribute. And people have to understand one more reason about the NCAA, puts these regional tournaments here in Miami. Are they really know how to do it upright? So again, the winning pitcher of obses are at brilliant, virtualing performance seven and three now. As the hurricanes have won their 17th consecutive victory in regional tournament Bay. The last loss way back to the country in 1978. They haven't lost the regional tournament game since day. Which is incredible. And we hope that you really follow us through the College of World Series. I know that you're well, but we're looking forward for another hot. This coming Friday evening at about 5.55. So that wraps things up in a very jubilant and very enjoyable. A weekend here at Mark Wright Stadium. Again, the final score tonight, hurricanes ever had about 15. And that's in three. And I'll, until Friday, at least as far as baseball is concerned for more liberal. And you'll watch your saying, good night. Good night.