Get push!
Hey, f**k!
I'm an O!
Hey, you're in the waiting room again!
Hey, f**k!
I'm an O!
Alright!
Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil called 751
WIOD from Dade.
524 WIOD from Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD.
Bell Self-Lability customers can call star, IOD at no charge.
And cellular one customers can call pound IOD at no charge.
The opinions expressed by the host-guester-collars are not necessarily those of the station or
sponsors.
Now, Neil Rogers, on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD.
It's Friday, you bastard.
When you're tracking through the Gulf of Mexico at a dinghy with 20 of your closest friends,
the last thing you want to concern yourself with is engine trouble.
I do not know what's going on here.
And that's why you need the one motor oil that prevents the high-biscosity thermal breakdown
frequently incurred in today's smaller outboard motors.
Castro!
Castro works hard to keep your outboard motor going.
And Castro comes with a 90-mile, one-way guarantee.
I do not know what to do.
I'm here to save.
With Castro Motor Oil, you will sail across those shark-infested waters, Trouble-Free.
Well, almost trouble-free.
Castro Motor Oil, engineered for today's smaller outboard motors.
10-07-WIOD, happy Friday to you.
It is Friday, isn't it?
Double check.
Oh, God.
Thank God.
Jorge Million, by the way, is obsessed.
Obsessed.
Even though I know you're listening right now, Jorge.
Obsessed with WQAM.
Cox hits hard on the radio and he's not talking about the sisters either.
Linebackers target include Tagli, Blue, Quarterbacks, etc.
WBGG recently completed a big-money deal to bring.
Shock-jaw, Howard Stern, the South Florida's radio airwaves says Jorge.
WQAM paid considerably less for Dolphins Linebacker, Brian Cox, who guessed for an hour, Thursdays,
on Hank Goldberg show.
But when it comes to shock meter, Stern has nothing over Cox.
Has that got something to do with size that he's talking about?
What is that?
So anyway, he goes on about Cox's ridicule commissioner, Paul Tagli, Blue.
He slurred NFL drug adviser Dr. Lawrence Brown.
He said the NFL considers him a nigger and finished by claiming that NFL quarterbacks are pampered
and should wear pink tights.
You jackass.
How do you like that?
I wonder how Danny Boy feels about that.
A guy with a big, big mouth, a guy with a serious problem, a guy who was suing everybody.
If you like fart within a five-mile radius, Brian Cox is suing your ass.
And the other part of it is that very few people are listening anyway, Jorge.
But he just doesn't want to get that message.
He just like anybody who writes about sports on the air because it is allegedly your sports station,
even though they have no games of any kind that are going on right now that they're broadcasting,
interestingly enough.
And by the way, speaking of that, speaking to that, things are looking pretty dim-dim for all of us hockey fans.
You better get your ass out to the arena Tuesday night.
I'll tell you right now, hockey fans.
For that exhibition game against the Lightning because it's looking pretty grim.
Gary Batman, we ought to bring him in here.
He looks just like Tom Dennenberg on a bad day, a little weasel.
Only Tom at least was a good guy.
And this guy is the biggest pile of crap I have ever seen in my life.
Everything he's doing is in an effort it would appear to try to like, you know, force a showdown,
just like we had in baseball and lock the players out.
That's what they're saying.
October 1st, if they don't have the deal today, it's already the 23rd.
We're talking about eight days, the regular season's supposed to start October 1th.
And the Panthers October 4th, which is a week from Tuesday.
And it's not looking too good.
That's right, we're going to have a lockout.
If we can't get this thing ironed out and there's still a million miles apart, we're going to have a lockout.
I think this could be the year.
This could be the year that sports disappears in America.
This could be the end.
For good George Standing Up, giving us standing, a sitting ovation in the other room for that.
No moths, baby.
No more sports because I got news for as much as I love hockey.
The baseball thing gives them a golden opportunity.
There is no baseball, no playoffs, no World Series.
The hockey season starts right at the time when the playoffs would be starting.
And just imagine, for example, they were talking last week about how the Fox ratings on the NFL are up.
Well, of course they're up over what they were last year on any of the networks because there's nothing else going on.
Brain surgeons, people are desperate.
People who want to smell leather and jocks, drafts.
Those people are gotten the where else to go right now.
And so the NHL and their infinite wisdom, and they've always been the governing board and all those assholes have always been a real raving bunch of lunatics.
And they're like, look at it, shoot themselves in the ass again.
Just what we need.
By the way, thank you profusely to my dear close personal friend, Sandra from Exito Magazine, who was just in here earlier this morning.
Didn't interview with yours truly.
I wore my Luis Miguel T-shirt to impress her, which I'm sure I did.
She was looking it all over the place and the T-shirt too.
And we actually gave her a Segundo Roman CD.
So if there's somebody out there who doesn't get one, you can blame Sandra.
But she was a lovely, she's only been here 10 months from Cuba.
Spoke very, very good English.
She was talking about how those Mexicans have this macho thing.
That was kind of interesting.
I thought that was all he Hispanics said.
Is it a matter of degrees?
I know that the Cubans and Mexicans do not get along.
Is that true?
I mean, many of the Hispanic like Colombians and the Nicaraguan's and whatever.
Have a little bit of a rip.
I guess there's like an especially strong thing between Cubans and Mexicans.
And probably because Cubans resent the fact that every now and then,
if one of them is named Ponte, we get confused by being a Mexican.
And they resent that.
Because they just don't have enough pens or to keep that grease level up.
I'm sorry.
But not seriously, that Mexican group in Vegas this last weekend,
they left a little bit to be desired to say the very best.
They're comportment at that concert at Caesars.
They're just a whole ambiance.
They just, you know, makes you want to call for the Cisco kid and go out and dress up up.
And then they just put a Marriachi costume.
So thank you, Sandra.
Tee, okay.
Now how many more do we have to give away?
13.
Oh, 13.
No problem.
We can milk that for the rest of the show today.
Thank you, Louise.
That one was for you.
And she asked me an interesting question like,
do I really like, you know, if you admire somebody like a performer and you love them?
Like an, you know, love them in a, the broadest sense of the word.
Am I in love with Louise?
And George had a good point.
He substituted the word lust, which I thought was very good.
But not the way you would think, okay?
I don't think he's got room for me in that big circular bed.
But it's just, you know, every now and then you run into somebody in your life and you think,
hey, this is a great performer.
They really feel like you almost know them.
Like everybody in the audience, oh, they know me.
They know me.
Oh, yeah.
If I could tell you all the people that I run into, oh, you know, you know what?
Joe Schmeckle, he said he's a good friend of yours.
Never heard of him in my life.
This happens at least once a week.
Somebody who claims to be one of my best personal friends knows me, hangs out with me,
comes over, we watch the ball games together, never heard of this person in my life.
Kind of like Fat Rich's friend down there at the sub place in Kindle,
who I went to the hockey game with me.
Well, he actually sat like 10 seats away, but went to that hockey game with me a couple of years ago,
that exhibition this game, my best close personal friend at Captain Jimmy's.
Anyway, and then of course we had the little brown jug yesterday.
And what a coincidence we had our friend Tom, the accountant,
one of our pompadopark groupies called in.
He does it every year.
He always goes up to the jug in Delaware, Ohio.
And he put Tommy Houghton on the phone.
Of course, everybody here who's in the harness racing knows Tommy,
and of course the whole Houghton family.
And yesterday would have been his brother, Peter's birthday.
Peter died in a car crash several years ago, one of the great drivers in the sport.
And of course the father was Billy Houghton, the both of them who died in the racing accident a few years ago too.
But anyway, would have been his birthday.
And lo and behold, Cam's car truck, the favorite came up lame yesterday before his elimination,
was scratched, did not race.
And so magical Mike wins his heat and then goes on to win pretty handily the final and wins a little brown jug.
Now they've got the, I was watching it on the satellite.
They've got the ceremony in the winter circle.
And Roger Houston screaming and puking is out there giving the trophy to Tommy Houghton, the trainer.
And it was one of the most emotional.
I mean, he, you know, of course, this would have been Peter's birthday.
And I want to dedicate, of course, Tommy went to pieces and Roger was crying.
And I was sitting there squirting a few.
And it was just a very emotional.
So congratulations, Tommy, baby.
I think we put him right over the top.
I think being on the show, it always works.
It even works for Willie Palmer, Lou.
1013 at WIOD.
Have you ever noticed that when you go to rent a video, you can't find certain kinds of movies,
especially at certain kinds of video stores, not that we want to mention any names, do we?
We do.
Well, now you have access to movies that you not only couldn't find, but probably didn't even know existed.
Announcing video search of Miami.
This is your alternative to finding the movies that you want.
Video search of Miami is a mail order service that gives you access to over 10,000 films, sexy films, action films, horror films from all over the world.
Blodding guts movies that you folks out there just absolutely lust for, even uncut versions of American films with cut and uncut actors.
And the cost is only 25 bucks for any item in the catalog.
Video search of Miami called 279, 9773, 279, 9773.
Except Chex Cash, Money Orders, Visa, Mastercard, whatever you got, they'll grab it.
All orders will be shipped within two days, too.
Video search of Miami, they're open Monday through Saturday, noon to six.
You can also arrange for additional information to be sent to your home, called 279, 9773.
And they'll send you their extensive amazing catalog.
Video search of Miami, your alternative for films you thought were unavailable and didn't even know we're out there.
279, 9773.
This is South Florida's News Talk and Entertainment Station.
New South Florida's News Talk, Entertainment Station.
California, Iowa, D.
I would be so embarrassed if I saw this Rick Alpurn, you could be the biggest piece of turd that has ever come on the face of the year.
Seriously, I don't know if yours is as bad as this.
This is the all time, I mean, coming at a time like this, I want to tell you something.
Sales people are not assholes because assholes would be a major compliment.
Okay, no, seriously, that would be the kindest thing that I could say about the sales organization in this building.
This is, now look at all these things on this list here.
Some of these people are like not even in business anymore.
And look at this, here's this one here and here again.
I guess this is to impress everybody.
Most of these people don't even exist and some I never even heard of before.
It's the computer.
It's the computer.
It's Rick Alpo is who it is, man, a man who is like a walking piece of diarrhea.
How can you be a piece of a walking puddle of diarrhea?
Can we say that? Well, I just did, man.
Oh my God.
And no wonder they've been like hiding this stuff under their, no wonder.
Just unbelievable.
Hey, listen, but we don't want to make too much of an impact here because we just, we like it the way it is.
Here's Miami. Buenas dias.
Hello.
How can that be?
How can somebody wait that long? I can hear them twisting their thing.
Do you hear them twisting their thing?
Hello, are you twisting it?
Okay, keep twisting, baby.
Open line in day, 751 WIO day.
I sure hope they didn't want anything because they ain't getting it, whatever it was.
Here's the purple line. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was switching to my channels yesterday.
Saw you again. Guess where?
Guess where?
I mean, that kindle Toyota thing again?
Yeah, Mark Jackass once again.
Yeah.
Boy, there's your flood in the market with it.
It's a good thing I'm on there anyway.
Yeah, I think he's getting all the publicity from you.
Yeah, I'm calling you.
I need a CDP for the wife, Lisa Gill.
Well, that wasn't a very good build up to that.
Please.
By the way, I want Bob Green to have a copy of this.
This to me, this is one of the greatest things I have ever seen in my life.
Seriously, I just want you to have this so it can make your weekend as pleasant as it did mine.
This is just an astonishing thing.
And they've been hiding these and holding these and hanging on to them.
And now I know why they've been wiping their ass with it.
Anyway, you've got a big a little bit better than that.
I got a little story to tell you, sir.
Yesterday morning, I came in, not that you want to hear it, but I'll tell you anyway.
It's the least you can do for the damn CD.
I come in yesterday morning and there was a fact from a doctor on Miami Beach.
He'd write up the street here.
I'm not going to mention his name.
And he volunteered his services.
He said, I don't, what is that?
He says, I don't want you to give me any publicity.
I don't want my name on it or et cetera, but I keep hearing you're French about your sinus condition.
I would like to offer my services and help you out.
Okay?
No charge, et cetera.
So I called the office.
I went there when I got out there yesterday afternoon.
He's a great guy.
I don't want to jump to conclusions because every time I go to see a new doctor, I get very excited in the beginning.
And then after a few weeks, I realized that they don't know they're asked from my elbow.
Okay?
Right.
Are you following this?
Yes.
So we get all done with the exam.
He gives me some stuff.
I'm feeling a little better today already.
He says it'll take a few weeks.
You got a cute sinusitis.
Bye, bye, bye.
So then, as I'm leaving, he says, one thing I do ask is I desperately need one of those Luis Miguel CDs.
How do you like that?
Very good.
Now I don't know what this was for his wife, for his girlfriend, because he isn't a married guy.
Maybe he's got a girl.
I don't know.
Or who it was for, or maybe it was for him and he was too embarrassed to say.
But it's just amazing how Luis Miguel, I've turned him into not just the idol of Mexico,
but the idol of at least the Dayton Broward County anyway.
That's right, you're the king.
I am.
Well, now that you've sucked around enough, hang on.
Thank you.
You're going to be all right?
Yep.
Okay, hang on.
Okay, on the purple line, okay?
Now let's do this pretty slow.
I don't want to like blows.
Now here's another memo that I just got.
What is this?
Super combo memo.
We keep intercepting all these memos from the kingpin over there.
David Ross at WBGGGG, the big, uh, big, uh, Macea.
Ladies and gentlemen, he says, I feel ridiculous sending out a memo of this type.
Well, David, guess what?
A lot of us have thought you were ridiculous for many years.
And a man in your position can afford to look ridiculous.
Are you following me?
He says, however, one of us apparently does not have much common sense.
Never mind who are what prompted this memo.
Point is, there is an issue that must be made clear to all of you.
I encourage your friendly contact with listeners.
You are ambassadors of your stations.
Polite and pleasant contact is encouraged to promote the stations and yourselves as personalities to the listeners.
However, combing the phone lines for dates and or accepting an invitation from a listener, especially one off balance,
to have a sexual relationship as dangerous to both you and the station you represent.
You must remember that you are personalities as such must adhere to a standard above all others.
I could care less about your sexual preference, not your personal life, except when it affects the rest of us.
Common sense dictates that casual sexual contact, initiate, initial, that says, I think he means initiated, his secretary is a boset.
Initiated by a listener could wind you up in the dog house.
Please forage for your personal sexual life in another stadium.
Bottom line, common sense.
Bottom line, common sense.
If you are approached by a listener in a highly aggressive manner, try to curtail the advance yourself.
If you have problems, please see your PDs or me.
If you have any question, bring them to my attention signed DR, the kingpin, David Grote, Aras.
Wow.
Now we got another memo from Linda Energy.
Ono, two Linda Energy from Dave Denver, Progress Report on the Big 106.
Okay, well we're done. Here's another one.
We got all the internal memos over there, show up here in a matter of like 30 seconds.
Okay, David? I don't want you to get your paranoia to psychotic, but you've got some inside spies over there who evidently hate you like poison and know you're for being the butt plug that you are, even though you are the kingpin.
1022 at WIOD.
We're looking for a guest for Sports Talk 610 from Don't You Was All Star Cafe on Friday.
And who do we come up with?
Ray Nitsky. Right there in the center of your speed. Right there. That man, number 66.
He put the hit, but that friend Tarkinton, that little weasel couldn't escape the pass rush.
Other vaults in the Green Bay Packet.
Hey, what's up with Ray Nitsky. Friday night from Don't You Was All Star Cafe, Sports Talk 610.
Join the Mad Dog Gym Manage. And yours, Trillin.
The payphone challenge. News from around the planet and a whole lot more.
It's Rick and Suds. We day mornings right here.
WIOD.
Hey, the man.
Now that was beautiful. Can you believe that I absolutely, I put my finger in the wrong thing?
Although it's still had its moments.
Anyway, it's 10. The problem is that this thing technically don't work at all, but we'll work on it.
We got a few little glitches in here. You hit the start button and it goes to like the off position,
which is a beautiful segue right into this next memo. Nice going, Neil.
Two Linda Energy from Dave Denver Progress Report.
We've now been on the year three weeks. It's time to recap our progress and direction.
Your performance has improved considerably since Rick Peters and I have been working with you.
Oh, man, wouldn't you like to work for people like this? Since we've been working with you, you're getting a lot better.
Since you listen to us, the positives won. Your energy and pacing is good and your style adds emotion to the music.
You're bright and upbeat without being overbearing. Two, your over your, what is it?
Your over music cells are usually are on target and your breaks typically are focused to the music.
Three, you work the audience slash phones well. There's a large priority towards imaging the station.
Positive audience comments referring to the music are encouraged.
Calls pertaining to other random issues are not important and should be avoided, like whoever is having sex with listeners.
Oh, I'm sorry. Areas that need work. One, now here's that this ties right in. Man, see everything that happens like ties in together.
One, you still have a problem queuing up the proper song on the CD. Just a minor problem.
You still have a problem queuing up the proper song on the CD. Maybe she's got a CD deck like the one we got in here now.
This will be a major roadblock that will hinder your progress in long term success at Big 106 FM.
If you do not fix this problem, there is a simple solution.
Audible EQ every song you play. If it does not begin the way you remember, or if you're not familiar with the song,
pull the CD out of the machine and make sure that it's the correct track's last song. There's no better solution, baby.
Two, a little Linda goes a long way. This is a good ego booster, isn't it? This memo?
I still think you are trying too hard to throw in extra unnecessary superfluous lines. You are still going for the rimshot.
Remember, as both Rick and I have explained several times now, that the stage of growth in Big 106 does not have a place yet for a high profile personality development from our jocks.
Your job on the year is to simply positively image the music style and help the music ebb and flow.
Remember, it's Big 106 with Linda Energy, not the Linda Energy show on Big 106. Bitch, I'm sorry. He's right.
More specifically, you do a good job of coming up with an audience music relatable thought, but almost every time you feel like you have to one up yourself with a punchline or rimshot or last jam.
In almost all occasions, it's a left field comment that goes right over the lease news head and makes no sense.
Remember, this kind of chatter is perceived by listeners as too much talk. Too much talk, honey.
Dummy up. Dummy down and dummy up. At this point, as I've said before, let's do the basics very well.
Doing the basics, though, does not mean you can't inject personality. Remember, special words, emotions or short compelling phrases, kind of like Scorch, Gork will translate into positive personality perceptions much more effectively than someone who talks for the sake of talking.
Again, a little Linda goes a long way. End of memo from Dave Denver to Linda Energy on the amazing very open like a Civ Big 106 where every memo, every note, every thought, every fart just winds its way in our mailboxes over here.
And I can't imagine that the kingpin can be very happy about that. We have an open line on the green line, 1-800-944 and the purple line, pound IOD if you have said it or won, give it a shot. Here's western on the star line. Hello.
Little boy blue and soda's hours.
Beauty. You know, I will say this. I never turned over there. I'm very proud of myself. Never turned over there once this morning. I listened to Rick and Suds for a while, listened to some Luis in the car on the way to work.
And never felt that I had missed anything. And then I found out that Howard's got a small penis. I missed that. I guess I already knew that and that Latoya's got a running feud with her a phony husband that's her agent and they never slept in the same bed, which we already heard on her other about a hundred times.
And I guess it didn't miss out miss all that much.
So I'm just kind of like weaning myself away and it's not big. It's the only there's only one reason and there's nothing there that I enjoy and I also don't enjoy.
I don't have the luxury of that much time in my 40 minute drive from home to here. I don't have the interest in hearing 26 or 27 minutes worth of spots and promos.
It's just not it's not a good time investment. Okay.
Fred was telling me why they're like that. Why are they? Because he does three life spots per break it and his life's getting the middle and yeah.
And plus to be courted spots in between and we already know there's life spots at the end because very often big comes back like in the middle of one like that Nathan spot.
I do like Nathan's if I was eating meat. I love Nathan's man. They got some of the best we need going bigger than Howard's ever seen.
But they're just ain't that you know and of course there was a little bit of hype to be honest with I saw one of the billboards to yesterday on the turnpike pretty weak David pretty weak Mr. King.
In fact unless until you get right up on it. It doesn't you know it says Howard and hits of the 70s big one or sick and you can't even read most of it except the Howard part and that's it.
So unless you're one of those people that's really just devastatingly attracted by the word Howard on it you just not going to pay you don't even know what it is.
But hey this is Miami baby just keep that in mind the purple line is still open that's shocking here's highly of when is this.
Hey when will you and back to you. Hey just listen a little bit this morning at the Howard. Yeah that guy's a wiener.
There's no material he's just staring at wait for people to talk to him and you know to talk into the Latoya was that for real this morning with their talk about the surge you mentioned it.
I didn't I didn't hear it I didn't listen. I had to get going on that you know he's so born sounds like he's up on the 86 40 Empire State Building.
Get ready to get people to laugh. He's lost his interest that's basically I was talking to somebody about that this morning and what they're telling me is he's really just lost his interest.
He sounds very down a lot of the stations that he that are carrying the show are getting aggravated because for the last year you're in a half he just sounds like he's going through the motions.
That's what it sounds like to me. I used to live it listen to him up in New York. That's because he was first coming out and he was pretty wild.
He was great. I mean he this is one of the funniest people in America. I'm not knocking Howard. I'm not going to show the show is not now.
That's always a shadow. Yeah you're right. You guys at IOD got the rock and roll party happening and happy with you with Rick and Suds with Steve build a whole gang there.
We're doing it and I'm having a good time. Well it's good. That's all we care about. All right now you keep the party going.
Have a great day pali. I'll read I'll read it. I'll open line in day at 751 and at cellular one line it's got to be a mistake. Hello. Hello.
Got to be a mistake isn't it cellular one there has to be at least three people out there that have cellular one.
No they there are only only what he is the only one it's got it pound IOD that's the only line that's sitting there dormant and it just comes as a great shock to me.
See that's the way I look at the talk radio. If we had 99 lines and 98 of them were lit and the purple line wasn't lit I would that will be the one that would grab my attention.
And you may think that that's bad no that's good don't ask me why it's good but I just have a feeling that there's something good about that.
Here's a candle hello. Hello Neil. Yes. Neil. Couple of things. Yes. I was listening yesterday to Mr. Hammer and Brian was the cock.
Yeah. And at the end of the show guess how Brian Cox finished the conversation even though he gets paid by QAM.
Yeah. He must listen to the IOD. Of course they're all listening right now. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. He said.
He said thanks. Defoe. He said. Did he really? Absolutely. I always like Brian Cox. You know he's a hell of a guy. He's got a beautiful middle finger and he's okay.
My book. The other thing about Howard not only is he terminally boring. Yeah. I need to repeat what you what everybody's saying but he starts talking about subject.
The he doesn't know anything. He started talking about Cubans and Miami. Yeah. And if they start 25,000 Cubans up his ass he wouldn't know what what's happening with the Cubans and Miami.
Well maybe they should try it. Yeah. And the other thing is he's Neil. Whatever happened to Jean don't let. What? Whatever happened to Jean don't let.
Who's that? Remember Jim Dunlap. Yeah. You had a cart. This guy used to be in the LKM Jean don't laugh. Oh you're talking about those old QAM jingles now. Now we're talking. Wait a minute.
Whatever happened. Here wait. Wait a minute. Hold on a sec. Calm down a little bit. It sounds like you're going to have spill spill your emotions over into the air. I'm coming.
I'm coming. For the woman with a man in mind. On WQM. Well that's not it but it's on I'm sure it's on this thing. It must be. Maybe we can get a Ricky Tiki one.
Oh yeah. He's a tiger. We could send this over to Jorge Milla and he could play with it all day in the cart too because it's so obsessed with WQM.
He's like got the hands head so far up his ass that it's coming out. It's going to be thanks going to bite off his tassels one of these days from the inside. I told you they're dead. Hey listen and in closing.
All these guys are calling and asking you for for a CD. Yeah. It's not for the wives for them. It's for themselves. Well I believe that. Hey Neil. One more thing. Yeah. One for my wife.
Now what are you going to do with this? Are you going to lock yourself in the bathroom with this because it does have a nice picture of Louise standing next to a large instrument. Although I don't think it's his. I want to do it on my desk. Okay hang on. Okay. That guy's on three. That pies on.
Look at the purple line. Wait I'll get it W I O D. Yeah. I like to see Mr. Roger. You run a cellular one line and I picked you up cold because I couldn't believe my ice. How are you Mr. Roger? I'm doing very well. Thank you. How are you doing sir? I'm not doing as well as you are my paychecks a lot smaller but I believe your paychecks a lot smaller. My guarantee has got something else that's bigger. Well I don't know. Trust me. If you're the smallest you say it is yes, mine is bigger guaranteed. See so life of balances itself out. I'll leave my quarter of an inch. In fact, I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade. I'll trade
you this week's if this were possible which it's not but just theoretically I'd be delighted to trade you this week's paychecks whatever yours is for mine. We could trade our apparatus. How do you like that? But does yours work? It works great. Well mine's kind of on and off. Like I said, I'll stick with what I got. Okay. The grass is always the grass is always greener on the other side. There were real reasons for my call. I've been listening to you. I think it was 1977 when I used to come home from our college.
1977. Oh my god. To be at night I think. Yeah. Yeah. WS news. Right. In fact, somebody norm can't faxed me a copy of an article from Fort Lauderdale magazine from seven years ago about Steve Cain and me and Stan Major and Alice Rantel and it's just an amazing thing. I might read some of it. And there was a fat woman that used to be on the air with you guys. Surely Peters. Now she's gypsy douche Lee. I think on the light bulb on a weekend. Anyway, she's going through a second childhood. The real reason for my call. Yes. All this time I used to
listen. I must admit to Sandy Payton also. Oh my god. I honestly thought she was a nice person. She's not. She's a bitch. And I remember you saying all the nice things about the cookies and all that crap sugar cookies. And what a big issue. Yeah. I have attempted to listen to that station four times in the last three weeks. And I apologize for ever doubting you because the hatred and the system that's viewing from her and witchner. Yeah. Well, he goes without saying. He's just a redneck. But I mean, she puts on this real syrupy ear. And I
always ever talk about is how the Cuban suck and they're with her bilingual thing. Huh? You know, she was born. I have no idea. And South America poppy. No kidding. Yes, no kidding.
Bitch. Came to Miami Beach when she was like five or six, but he was born on there. So it's like, you know, the part called it. Smelling bitch. Smelling bitch. Yeah. But the race is totally unbelievable. Yeah, that's all she talks about. I mean, I'll grant you back during Mary. All I had my own thing going and a whole thing with a bilingual thing. And I still believe in that that it's
probably in the country. A lot of those things like what you say, although I am not myself, I kind of agree with some of the things.
Well, I mean, Mary, the Mary L thing is not debatable. Let turn this town into a toilet. It just was done hysterically with no control. And the, you know, we just let
fit else and all the eluded takes into here. That's not the way to do an immigration program. But she just continues it on and on. And then I hear that, uh,
Phil was reading it. Somebody was reading the thing the other day, uh, a column quotes from people like Ena Shira, the same old people over and
over again. These are the same ones. Oh, they were participating in that thing that woman just sucked me into the first call two days ago.
Remember, they were protesting down there in Fort Lauderdale. And it's always the same ones. Their whole lives revolve around. Let's keep all the foreigners out.
And let's, uh, you know, do what we can to stick them in the back. When the book comes out, do you know where her demo?
Because I guess you don't hear a voice under 50 in my station. Her demos are death plus 10. I hold hardly.
I believe me. I just for ever guiding you, sir. You are the greatest. Okay. And our stern blows asked the cameo.
Vita. Wait, wait. Can I get a CD from my wife? How come I knew that was coming? No, I don't want one. It's okay.
Sure. Give it some. I have enough money. I can go out. There you go. This is our kind of guy. Have a nice day. Have a great day. That's our kind of
boy. So pasta cameo. Vita's. We have an open line on the, you see, I never doubted the cellular one people for a moment. There may not be many of them.
The, the salt of the earth. Is that what they said in the Godfather? The, the salt of the earth that Senator from Nevada. We have an
open line in day. It's 751. And this time the star line. If you have Bell soft mobility, don't be a slacker. Just pick it up and whack it at star
I. O. D 21 till 11 already at W I. O. D. This afternoon and two don't miss Phil Hendry every one of him right here.
It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hip of pot of us.
I. O. D. Well, Helen. I got the picnic all laid out, but there's no room for this huge bowl of potato salad. Oh, yes, rested on my big butt. Oh, Helen. You're so lucky. You have the biggest butt in the sub division.
I like big butts and I can't not lie. Yes, Helen knows big butts are in. So if you want to turn heads at the beach, you need new,
lead press on chief. Oh, look at the cooler on that gap. Wow. What an onion. You look great. Feel great. And you'll get two seats on the bus. But wait, you may even have a chance for a Hollywood
Korea. I struggled over here for years until I got lead press on cheeks. Now I've done a golden girl assigned. So next week, I'm a stunt
fight on the committee. Lead press on cheeks. We are giving the world a bigger place to sit. 1044. And I'm rereading this memo from David Ross.
George and I were having a conversation about this because it really pisses him off. Of course, this is not our company. But I would imagine after receiving this,
knowing the way that this company thinks will probably receive our own memo with the next few days.
What is wrong with accepting an invitation from a listener to have a sexual relationship if they're over the legal age,
if they're over at least an eight and a half on a scale of 10 and appearance, if they're extremely hot, if they're ready to rock and roll,
if they're clean, if they've been inspected, if they have no social diseases, what's wrong with that?
And why is it David Ross's business? I would like to ask. Huh? I mean, what are the parts about being a dish jockey for years?
What are the only reasons that anybody aspires to be a dish jerky is so they can answer the phones and get laid a lot. That's basically, I mean,
when Larry King was here doing whatever he was doing a talk show years ago, he tells that notorious story about how he put on at L. P.
And he went and met some bitch on Miami Beach over right over the causeway here. And the thing came to it. It ran out. It just come to take it got to the end and then went like that for like 25 minutes.
It got, huh? It got stuck on you. Yeah. This is the record that is.
So I just, I don't get this. I mean, talk about upside and dick tutorial. I get a feeling, especially reading this memo from Dave Denver that these are some very dick tutorial and nasty people to work for.
I mean, no critique is okay, but that goes beyond the regular critique. It's like just a series of obnoxious shots as in Fred shots never even saw anything like that.
So there's the kind of guy we all aspire to work for. I'll guarantee you that the kingpin. Here's the Hollywood. Hello.
Hey there. Yes, sir. Neil, I just wanted to tell you I had a dining experience the other night that I thought you would love.
Wasn't with Joey Car was it because he's big into dining and dancing? What's with Joey? Oh no. Okay.
Macaroni Grill. I hear that's really good. That was fantastic. Huh?
It was deep. Now I've never eaten in Rome. Oh, come on. Come on. Now see now you're getting a little bit carried away because I've been there 10 times.
And if you're going to try to, I mean, I've heard the macaroni grill is great, but if you're going to try to get something a song and a dance that it's the same as wrong.
No, I'm not. That's what I said. I never have. I'm running pretty far. I feel that's what I said. I never have. So sure.
What did you have? That was so great. What's that? What did you have? Well, I see I had a pasta that was in a feta teeny sauce and grilled chicken in it.
And they serve a. Why is it like penny pasta? Perhaps I like who? Penny. I don't know.
Here's a guy a real connoisseur. Okay. Absolutely. Yeah, but it was fantastic and the atmosphere was fantastic. And I think you need to go there.
There's one right on. Now what's one was this? You was at the university just north of brow. Right. That's the one. Yeah, I've seen it a minute right next to the the animal hospital.
Yeah, something like that. And the shell station. Yes. Very prestigious location. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody tells me it's a great place. And I've
dittled around and of course, having got a chance to go in there. Now what you're describing to me sounds pretty fattening though.
Yeah, when you get those, when you get fed a teeny type of what do you get that kind of cream sauce, man? Well, they got all kind of got sauces and light oils.
They got that. I think I got a hundred different kinds of pasta. Great. It's great. So how many females are you getting from them to mention it?
Absolutely zero. Well, that's that's bad. I know I think you should get like a fire's free. Maybe if I go back in there,
because even though we can't help it, I'm not understanding that when somebody mentions a restaurant or any kind of a retail establishment on his show,
it immediately goes bonkers. I mean, they immediately get phenomenal response, even though our sales department can't translate that into
understand. They can't know they can't relate to it. Oh, man. Yeah. As a matter of fact, if I co-later and have to stand in line now because of this,
I'm going to be pissed off. Yeah. Hey, one other question. Yeah. You're in the satellite dishes and all that stuff. What do you know about prime star?
What do I know about prime star? I know that I keep seeing that spot. And I know that there's I know I don't
know where you're going to get it. Well, I don't they were running the spots. We had these Florida radio network spots. You may have heard
them on this station a couple of weeks ago, they ran for about three, four weeks and they didn't say anything. All I said was oh, you're going to get 75
channels and it's but but but but but. Picture picture. I and and that's it. And then you see the same ones. I guess it must be the video with the same
audio. And you see them there on TV. And it's it looks great, but you know, something they don't tell you where you're going to get it. When you're going to get it, it's
I'll tell you a little something that I know because I called the phone number and they sent me this brochure. Oh, they do have a phone number on
OK. And it's installed by TCI cable that sucks because that's just my cable company that I'm trying to get away from that nice. Yeah.
Right. And what is it? And for $30 a month, they give you like 20, 20 or 25 channels. Then you can add this on and you can add that on. Oh, my God.
Pay-per-view channels. But if you want to watch a movie, you pay them for the pay-per-view. And it's crap. It's really.
Another ripoff. Yes, it is. Another another nice job by the cable companies. They stick their foot. And you know why they're doing these things, don't you?
Because they're scared, crapless when the new small satellite does come out. When all this new technology comes out over the air people and the
cable people, they're going to be a so well, baby, which I saw something on. I think the news last night about that little
dish thing. It's ready to it's ready to roll. Well, if we ever lived long enough for it to get out, all the people who can't get a dish
because they live in some city where out, you know, the zoning thing or maybe they don't own their own house, you just
slap that baby on a window and they're going to get about 150 channels. Yep. Yep. Can't wait. Everybody can pick up the phone and tell their
cable company where to stick it. Macaroni Grill. OK. Have a great day. Stick it in a macaroni grill.
20 said. Yeah, I hear that's a good place. In fact, I had a whole bunch of certificates and I gave him a way to somebody.
$10 off. People we can get some more of those. Where do we get those? How come they're not on the air with us by the way?
Is there any special reason? See, I'm going to tell you this is, it really is, the most frustrating place that I've ever worked in my life.
Not the worst place, the most frustrating place because there's a there's a exact disproportionate reaction.
Whatever you do, in other words, the response that you do gets how am I going to describe this well?
The opposite reaction, for example, our trip to Vegas where within two days we had 500 people between here in Tampa
signed up ready to go. We wound up taking 300 people, which is still a pretty good deal. Bob Lincoln wound up losing his ass.
We I wound up losing 10 years off my life and because it was like, it doesn't involve enough money.
It's not worth our getting involved and we got no assistance, no help.
And they never translated that into anything else. Look at our friend Judy there from JNS travel that sent me on a great trip to Vegas last weekend.
She had a whole bunch of those trial net special deals. She had to Vegas just mentioned, you just breathe it once and the thing with the bokeh burgers, anything that we mentioned on this show, this is a powerful goddamn show.
And what goes on in a back and downstairs in this building with this sales department and Rick Alpo is enough to make you just, you just look at this man, you wonder what?
What kind of a walking pile of diarrhea can you possibly be?
You can smell it. You just know when he's in the building, you can smell the diarrhea just for me. It comes through the fence.
That may have been the, I think even very con couldn't get rid of that aroma.
Something really stinks in this joint. And like I said, it's in reverse proportion.
The more response you get from the audience, the less they're interested in like peddling your show. It's like, ah, gee, you're just, you're a little bit out of control.
And we didn't I talk about this just the other day. I think it was on Monday because of my trip to Vegas and walking into rap city.
I mean, here's a restaurant in Las Vegas, 2500 miles away. I still have my shoes hanging on the back on the line in the backyard waiting for him to dry out.
That's how much, no, this, that's how much this guy peed on my leg. I mean, I'm just amazed.
But don't tell that to these people here in the building because you wouldn't want to buy any spots.
Would you and I didn't think so.
And it just, it's in a front. It's an insult to your intelligence.
It's like a big boot right up your ass. 1052.
Abidges, I'm a troublemaker. They don't like me back there. So screw them. They can go to hell. 1052 at W.I.O.D.
Let me tell you about it. And then they get like 25,000 people in there because there's so many fans here.
They're just for running phone. It's like everything else. But anyway, we don't want to say that one.
Also, the big thing from where he made me now. What am I reading about QA and Brian Cox?
When the big piece of thing that should be right at the headline here, you idiot Jorge,
Jeff DeForest is close to signing a two-year agreement to continue his host of W.I.O.D. sports talk six ten.
Oh, like that.
All these assholes like Jorge and Barry Jackson. Oh, he's gonna be over at QA. I'm in a second ride.
He wants to be there with a heavy hitters like Sagaqi.
Hurricane's in Washington tailgate party 1230 to three o'clock September 24 tomorrow at
the lock west to W.I.O. West side of the orange bull for directions. Just call up Darrell and see if he's found his own.
Like a life South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio six ten W.I.O.D. Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, oh,
Oh, no,
The last show's blue. There's howling down.
Howling,
Engine wild.
I used to wild.
They blow and Martin shot spin dog up to what didn't they retire?
They're all through.
And now I think we know why this news TV season will be
now see.
I see it.
Turn them on.
Now they're dead too.
Why do we need to detect it now?
Wait, we're not seeing cameras.
Who did was dead?
Oh, my God.
Hell is it.
Okay, so what's the message for Rosie that lovely young lady who just got the CD whose husband is busy locked in the bathroom with Louise McGill blow up now?
What's the message?
I just spoke to Bob Green and he said it's okay.
So we're on baby.
Okay, see that's the kind of outfit we got.
Like I said, it's not depressing to work here.
Yeah, right.
If it weren't for the sales department, this might be and if it weren't now let's think of some of the other departments.
If it weren't for like, no.
Now that boy Geary's gone, we can't mess too much with the programming department.
He's kind of harmless in there.
Steve Nickel bag.
He's all right.
And Bull Green, of course.
He had just got me my hockey tickets for a season that probably won't get played,
but hey, don't knock it.
He meant well and what else?
You know, so we're not knocking it other than the sales department.
I say we cut the sales department off.
And then there's also the promotions department and there's also the research to see how easily, how soon we forget.
But we do like our good close personal friends at the coast and how one of five.
Don't we?
Do we have any?
Well, George does, but that's another story for another day.
Anna Maria, we have an open line in day.
It's 751 on the blue line and Broward 524.
I went on the green line.
1-800-949-49463.
I want to find out.
I'm sure now listen.
I guarantee you that there are people who work in businesses where they have phones and they do business on the phone.
Right?
They answer phones.
And I will guarantee you there are people in this audience who have talked to somebody on the phone,
sounded friendly, sounded interesting, sounded hot and ready to do a hot to trot,
and have, you know, stoked up a little something on the phone.
I'm not talking about calling up one of those 1-900 numbers and listening to somebody really ugly breathing
on the other side of the phone while you're taking matters in hand.
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about actually getting to meet some of your clientele.
Isn't that what we're supposed to do?
Super service the clientele from Bo Green's mouth right to your ear.
Super service the clientele and I've met lots of people in this audience.
I would be delighted to super service in almost almost anyway they would like.
What's wrong with that?
And here's this uptight kingpin asshole over there Dave Ross in big 106.
Well, your ambassador is of your stations, polite and pleasant contact is encouraged,
but no hanky, panky, baby.
What an uptight puts, man.
What a real putt whacker.
Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi, I'm Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I've been waiting so long.
I know me too.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
You have no idea how long I've been waiting.
Long time.
I'm not going to be around the bush.
I'm calling for Dave.
She wants Louise.
See?
She wants to see it.
Are you coming to the concert?
See?
You are?
See?
Which night?
This is October 8th on my birthday.
Saturday.
Well, I got to play you a little thing, don't I?
All right.
Because it's ahead of time, but since you're a Louise fan.
That's right.
How do you like that?
Thank you.
I love you.
So you get two for one.
You get Louise CD and a happy birthday greeting from the king and queen.
How do you like them, Apple?
So much.
Thank you, so much.
Have you ever seen him perform live before?
No, sir.
Oh, are you in for a treat?
Trust me when I tell you.
It will be by first and I can't.
Your body will melt from head to toe.
He is the greatest entertainer.
He comes out.
I will warn you this, though.
He is wearing a little.
Now last year, he had too much of a beard.
OK.
He was trying to be like, I don't know who, but he was trying to be like a little too
mature, you know, and shed that teeny-bopper thing.
Now he has like a little, just a little growth.
In fact, he and I share that one thing in common.
We both have a little growth.
I know.
But it's not too much.
You know, just a little fuzz, but he's just terrific.
You are.
I love every minute.
You will.
You won't want to leave.
And you certainly won't want to leave him behind.
OK, hang on.
And pasta came, you'll see this.
OK, she's on the floor, I believe.
Open line of dates, 751 and Boko, where they're in La La Land up there in Palm Beach.
They really are.
Nothing's going to change.
I'm reading this article.
It's amusing because this is in the Fort Lauderdale.
I don't even know if this magazine exists anymore.
Does it for Lauderdale magazine, kind of like Miami magazine, the counterpart?
I haven't seen it.
Maybe it does.
Sure, making a big impact on my life because I haven't seen it.
And it's from September, 87, seven years ago this month.
And talk show, show, show, wore a sizzle.
Here's the Mr. Ego on the front, Steve Cain, with the IOD logo.
That's when he first came here to IOD and I was still on I&Z.
And Stan Major had just come to I&Z and Alice was over there in WS News.
There are some great quotes in here.
Some really great quotes.
First of all, this business of I don't want.
I'm not going to pick on Alice.
He's a good, good guy.
And Mr. Ego is saying this and I'm saying that.
And they're quoting me as saying, where's the last page here?
And over at I&Z, Rogers is saying, is anyone listening out there?
Has South Florida just gone to sleep?
I think their brains just died.
And whoever wrote the column says, maybe Rogers' question is the best question of all.
Is there anybody alive out there?
Are they brain dead?
It's by Paul Carson, whoever he may be, for Lauderdale magazine, 987.
And look how fat I was there.
But I look pretty healthy.
You know what?
I was fat but looked pretty good.
And I'm sitting there with one of my famous big oversized checkered shirts.
I look a little like fat rich in that picture.
And I got my Stokey.
Oh boy, would that be good now?
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
Wouldn't be good for my sinuses.
I'm sure that my doctor friend up the street would agree with that.
Not good for your sinus condition.
And George is sticking one in his mouth right now.
Not lighting it, of course, just to have something to pacify him for the moment.
But you know those Cubans.
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD.
The Payphone Challenge.
News from around the planet.
And a lot more.
It's Rick and Suts.
We day morning.
So right here.
Thank you, Blaine.
I am D.
Firefighters remain perched high on these long ladders.
Hoses in hand.
Hey.
Come in a cheesecake.
It's making the nation.
I'll run you folks off of the mall.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Don't you trust in others?
And how near they claim that there's a tongue hopes to blame.
Oh, I think no.
Is there on their phone?
The shoving in light to get the early but out time
The pushing just as hard as it came
And once they are seated they get overheated
And stock stuff in rows and sweeten low in their beds
Waste in a way again and good old habit
Oi!
Looking for that long lost power of you
And how did it say that it's all of proofs the day
But for some, and then mind the blues
Your folks don't know the reason why nothing is pleasing
That muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit
But what doesn't matter when they call up kneeling chatter
I hate you, you never listen to your joke
And wasting away again and good old habit
Just a box of metal music and a radio
And how they'll claim that it's a dark horse to play
And now they can't wait for the shoving
And how they'll claim that it's a dark horse to play
And when you know they just can't wait for the shoving
Love and I teed and Winding getting back to this beautiful column
It's amazing that somebody actually wrote something about talk radio
Of course at that time when this was written 70 years ago
There were three stations I and Z, I O D and W's
News made, Rest in Peace
And it's amazing how this Paul Carson guy keeps referring
Lee Fowler and Dennis Collins to the sharpest people in radio
To the great mavens and how course Lee Fowler is doing
Is Neil Rogers imitation routine up at JNO
And like a minor market station in West Palm
And Dennis Collins is sitting over there and we still have the W's news
Toomstone sitting out in front of our building
After we buried them like three or four years ago
And they're playing they got Sandy and Jair on
They're brokering time
They're brokering time
Big signal
Oh my god, it's embarrassing
Rogers tells his audience frequently that they're complete idiots
Does anybody alive out there or are you all too busy stealing a sweet and low
And getting ready for the early bird he said one day
It was right in the middle of Keynes last rating period at W's news
When Rogers decided to take up combat
With South Florida's rather extensive senior citizen population
Oi!
Accusing the great-haired bunch in Hellendale of stealing sweet and lows
And then existing for nothing but early bird specials
Rogers was once again on a one-man crusade
But this time is crusade through the attention of the other media in the market
It just proves what happens when you make a big enough fuss
He told his audience one day
Is that what I said?
The outcry was so huge that Rogers ended up taking on his listeners live
And in person doing the show from the diplomat Maul in Hellendale
Which in itself through even more media attention
All the hoopla showed up in Rogers numbers in the winter arbitrage
Rating period while it was his first complete arbitrage book in the new morning time slot
He was pulling in over an eight-hourly share
In some cases twice what Rand-Tel was doing just opposite him at W news
And during some periods three times the numbers
There is no question that during some periods
Rogers was pulling in more than Allen Sandi combined
He's a major talent followers said
But he quickly adds that those huge numbers occurred when Rogers first moved the mornings against Rand-Tel
And also while his Hellendale crusade was generating publicity
Let's see what happens in the next arbitrage book
Yeah, let's or the one after that followers said
For his part Rand-Tel says he refuses to measure his success or lack of it on the basis of one ratings period
I've been successful in this business over seven years thank God and the question is Alice asked
Can Rogers sustain this moment a year, two years or five years from now asked Alice
And the answer is yeah, how about that?
Sweetheart
But anyway, that's the way it goes so let's just plot along here
I'm trying to make these people wait a while because after all we don't you know
They're gonna beg a little bit let's make them wait for it
Isn't that what they always say to me big and then you don't get it anyway
We have an open line in Broward 524 what one on the green line
1-800-944 and that damn purple line man that cellular one line is the bone of the vein of my existence
Pound IOD we pay for it and they still don't want to speak to us because they think that they're a whole year than now if they have cellular one
They think they're about your hot shots and they just forgot to dot the eye
11-22 it's break time again wow this is getting like some other show
11-22 at WIOD
This afternoon at two don't miss Phil Hendry every one of him right here
40 St George
11-22 at WIOD
Big beaver's amusement
Women's home when he walks into a room he is the bare chested cover hunk of a thousand romance novels
Is Slawio
Hello again to you woman who are so hovering so much when you are seeing my evening chest
Slawio is back with another romance book
Love is a monkey
My love is a monkey it climbs up your tree
Slawio has crafted hundreds of love jokes on it that will lift your heart to new heights of ecstasy
I am a genius more listen to what the critics are saying about love is a monkey
Smarmy some blister
Show the listing
And Slawio knows that's the way your women's like it
A smarmy, simplistic and show show my manhood
Don't miss Slawio's new book love is a monkey
My love is a monkey that eats a rip up in the nose
She sits in the sun and gets nice and tan as
I'll tell you one thing I just took my life in my gland in my hands
I felt this tremendous pressure and sometimes there's only one way to relieve it
You kind of like tilt off to the side
And I had graved doubts in my mind about well you know what I'm talking about
My lady the other day
Exactly
I'm not really sure whether to like turn it loose or just hang on for your life
But I mean a tremendous pressure in fact you can kind of still smell it at this point
I mean really trust me don't come anywhere near here
And I leaned over on my left cheek and oh and thank God
Oh moist
No no I wouldn't be saying thank God if it were you crazy
Not even a little human
And then another just a little one and it was okay
It was okay
That is always a frightening thing and especially when you just you can almost
Psychologically you just know seriously there are times when you really have your doubts
There's a certain feeling and you just you're not quite sure whether it's going to be the desired result
To relieve a little bit of pressure or whether it's going to be a really a mess
You know and I just don't feel like sitting here in other two and a half hours in my own mess
Something knocking on your barn exactly
We have an open line on the green out let me handle the okay because you're you're disgusting
You're filthy and vulgar and grotesque and that's the way we like it
Open line on the green line 1-800-944-9463
Okay let's cut all the crap let's do Miami hello
Hello Neil
Buenos dias
How are you?
Great
I'm calling I'm not calling to ask you for anything but that's good
Just a thank you for something
Okay
This is as we're creating from daily bread food bank
Right and with that guy called yesterday and we turn him on to you guys
And we really appreciate it and the thousand dollar donation we hope to you
Hey beautiful
That's the evil provide about five thousand meals out in the community
Outstanding
So you're done good
Okay
Thanks a lot
Okay keep up the good work pal
Thank you
Thank you
How do you like that see we don't have any influence on this show we don't make any impact
Guy calls yesterday who had called Camilla Sousa and evidently they're doing too well
Just like with us we're not we're not raising money for them anymore
They got that multi-million dollar donation from that guy who went to the slammer
And he gave him like a few million dollars to ease his conscience and last year they were very picky and choosy about
You know wow we don't want to do that. That's a little too obscene and we you know so we said scrum
If you're doing that well that you don't need our help and you don't need a couple hundred thousand dollars every year
We'll give it to somebody who does want it and who is appreciative and will cooperate and that turned out to be center one and for Lauderdale
Who do fantastic work and we're gonna be doing that starting November one
So anyway this guy called yesterday had the same experience called up Camilla Sousa
No, nobody would answer he finally got a hold of somebody and they said hey go call the Pope
He's not feeling good. He'll wait a few weeks call your back
And he said I would like to you know help somebody out and he's not feeling too good man
He's looking really bad. Have you understand?
I think somebody took away his weed
No seriously that was the only painkiller that kept him on the go so to speak and they took it away
He's hobbling around big time
Can't you oh I don't wish him any year. I really don't all of well
But anyway want to be something if he just doesn't quite make it and we have to go through that thing again
Where they have like the blow in the smoke because that's what the Catholic Church is best at is blowing smoke
But anyway, so this guy asked for a suggestion where some you know folks who helped the homeless
And we came up with daily George came up with I said the Miami Restimation was one which is a good answer
And the other answer was they leave bread food bank
And the guy called up there obviously followed through he wasn't just a BS artist and is giving him a grand and that's a beautiful thing
It's a beautiful thing. Want to see it?
We have an open line in Broward 524 one on a green line definitely no interest in Bokka today
Man, they are just busy up there doing their yet to routine. They're expecting a really hot weekend
They might melt like plastic out there in the sunshine. They're taking cover as best they can
It's a sad, sad state of affairs isn't it in Palm Beach County? I wonder how the goddess is doing
You know other than the first day which he started which was on Tuesday
We haven't gotten enough a lot of feedback on that and I would like to find out I like Randy a lot
I wish you're all the best I really mean that but I just am a little bit nervous about the people who run at radio station
That Jay Pichiano or Picano or whatever that guy's name is and that whole fair bank operation
They just make me a little bit nervous because I don't know so we'll find out we'll probably get one spy report
Here's Pemberpine. Hello. Oh, no. Yes
Besides that shame was request I did happen to catch a little bit of Randy yesterday
Okay, here we go. Well, that was a quick response
Yeah, I was driving around up in Boca. Oh my god, but anyways I
I lived for a while and she was she sounded pretty good. That's good, you know, but she had excellent excellent jokes
And some of those parodies she's talking about right but but how about the callers?
How about the response from the brain dead audience in Palm Beach County?
Definitely a different a different type of people different group. Yeah, different a younger
It sounds like younger people really yeah from out in the western areas may be young and living and breathing people in Palm Beach County
Boy, she's already in less than a week brought some living people in that place. Nice going Randy. Yeah, I think she'll be okay up there and you know
No, she might she might a little bit bigger. Yeah, huh? There you go
Not a good note. I hope they're bringing up believe me. She's got to stop the growth of those things. She won't be able to stand up straight
Exactly, but listen, I want to get behind you on this on this I don't think so. I don't want to get too close behind
Poor choice. Yeah, bad choice of words pal. Well, the casino. You want to stand alongside me on the casino gambling thing. Yeah, well I've
I've given it some thought and it sounds like it might be a good idea really good. They're starting to run their TV spots
I saw one yesterday and they're very you know they're low key. They're not hysterical. They're not promising them with green cheese
But they they cut through all the bull crap. They tell you exactly what the limited casino proposal is on a ballot what it's going to do and
You know, they're starting to explain it as opposed to all these hysterical Bible-thumping
Negative people who are always against anything that might mean progress
What the hell are you doing? I keep it limited. I don't think it'll be too bad. I mean they've got gambling here for years anyway.
Exactly
I do not understand for the life of me the difference other than the atmosphere of course. If you go to the dog track the horse track the harness track the
Highlight it's gambling if you buy a lot of reticket. That's what it's gambling and I just don't get what the big hysteria is how you can legalize all of that then turn around say
Oh while gambling is sinful the needle and it's going to bring me a whole deck of cards down. Exactly. Well, yeah, I'm going to play it'll just bring a little bit more glamour to the darn state more
Than anything else bring some life if any place needs life. This is the place and by the way Lisa. I hope that aroma has worn off by now. Oh,
Okay, she didn't even notice I don't have to say anything. Go ahead. I'm sorry. All right. Well, that's all I wanted to say. I had
Beside that Luis Miguel request. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, you want to hear one of his songs? I was sucking up for a CD exactly. Now is this for you or your boyfriend or your wife? I've got her kind of mildly hooked on this
Spanish stuff. I got a CD from who's these guys the gypsy kings and she enjoys that gypsy kings who the hell is that? Never heard of a Spanish group they do singing and plays a play a lot of guitar class
School for make a type guitar and stuff. And there's a lot of you might want to give them a listen. You might like them the gypsy queens
Miguel. There's a whole bunch of these Spanish guys. I know that there's there's a shayan and there's Ricky Martin who's on a general hospital who floats like a butterfly is all about to
These guys. There's a Christian who floats like a pack of butterflies. Yeah, they're interesting guys. Okay, hang on a second. proud. You're killing me hang on and I hope she enjoys it and the CD too.
Guys on six is wife wants Luis immediately. And by the way, next week I do think I don't want to make any promises, but I do believe and I would assume since we got all the CDs, I have a feeling the tickets are coming next. You can almost feel a coming can't you?
There will have a not a lot, but a few pair of tickets for the Luis Miguel concerts. I'm not sure which night they'll be for but you'll take whatever you can get believe me.
Because it's coming like in two weeks from this weekend. God, it's going to be see last year. I got I got to confess to you last year in Vegas last December. It was great. The concert this year, the concert was great, but the ambiance and the people standing up it detracted a lot. I mean a lot and those
are just abhorrent Mexicans who just couldn't get out everybody's way and just didn't give a crap about anybody else. A lot of people spent 150 bucks and 130 bucks a seat to go see Luis. We did not go to see the back of their ass, their face, their
purse or anything else. We went to see his all of the above and lots more. And it detracted a lot from it, but I'm sure and I have a feeling we'll probably get some more information from some of the
experts on the James Knight Center that it's just it's just not the kind of place that's conducive to people being able to stand up in front of you, especially when you're in row three. And you know, in taking away the enjoyment from the concert.
You pay your money and by the way, I did pay for these didn't I know that I think of it. Yeah. So you can't accuse me of being a free loader, even though I would like to be I'd like to be in the first row.
I like to be front row center where nobody can get in front of me. Of course there's always a bunch of hysterical hulietz that come running up with their cameras.
Now, you know, I don't mind if you kneel down, take a quick picture and get out of my push. Get out of here, bitch. That's all.
But don't stand in front of me and block my view. I can't hear to see him. Not your stupid ugly ass. Now some of the guys there might disagree. Maybe her ugly ass is prettier than his ugly. I don't know possible. I doubt it though.
It's 1136 at W. I. O. D. America's favorite neighbor invites you over man. Applebee's home of the world famous riblet platter. A pound of hickory smoked rib tips served up in a spicy barbecue sauce with fries and
a coleslaw for only 8.69 and the rest of the menus just as good. Applebee's has a fantastic house sirloin. Try their Applebee's burgers the
out of this world too. The double deck of quarter pound patties with two kinds of cheese, for example, will really clog your arteries. It is delicious. And don't forget they've got I discovered this couple of weeks ago.
We went in there for dinner on a Sunday. And I saw this pizza veggie patch thing and it described it pretty well. And we ordered it and it's like that extra thin cooked in a baked in a wood burning brick oven that thin crust just
exactly like the one you'll find in Italy. I mean if you ever wanted to find the real thing the emis this is it the pizza veggie patch with artichoke hearts mushroom spinach fresh tomatoes on a blend of delicious
Italian cheeses out of this world just like being in Rome. Applebee's has something for everybody including a separate Sunday brunch menu gathering time from 3 to 6 p.m.
from 10 p.m. to closing with half off price on nachos Buffalo wings, mozzarella sticks and daily specials every day too that you'll
love in the price is always right to America's favorite neighbor invites you over for their famous riblet platter and lots, lots more. Applebee's two locations at 101 35 pines boulevard and right by my house stop by and wave and just get out of my neighborhood 127 19 west sunrise boulevard right next to the
Sagrasse mills mall. This is South Florida's news talk and entertainment station.
Radio 6 and you jackass. Can I disseminate you you jackass. May 5th.
Think I'm my. The Mexican national holiday some stations are giving away trips to cancels. I'm giving away trips to Mexico City.
But we're bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexican real live Mexican. I remember we'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station van and we'll give one to you imagine your own personal
Mexican. They'll wash your car in your house. If you're a crop anything you want because if they don't you'll have them imported audio some beacons.
Leave a 10th color when you hear this. And win a Mexican members of this station and their families are not eligible to own
Mexicans bathing in de lausica Mexicans is winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans celebrate
Cinco de Mayo with your own home every day with your very own Mexican people listening to win. So there's this big article in the USA today.
I guess they started with a PCS that intercontinent me today cover story. Wait a minute. Where the hell is this?
Why am I looking off of facts? Why didn't somebody immediately stick this in front of my push and show me this because it ties right into what's going on here or what is not going on here.
Section D state of uncertainty. Look at that. And there's that phallic thing that looks to me very similar to the state of Florida on the map.
Will tourists flock back to Florida acts by Kathy Lynn Grossman poor Florida. She says poor Florida. Its image is in quite a state in recent weeks.
It's been Caribbean refugee raft washing ashore and before that grim reports of mortar moored tourists blue shit in the highway.
Little wonder that visitor counts our headed south the number of people can commit what is it coming to Florida will dip to 40 million this year.
And here comes our lunch hallelujah beautiful just in the next time to us. It's about ready to pass out predicts the state division of tourism.
The larger question is what lies behind it goes on to talk about Vegas of course without saying. And it also goes on to mention that he'll never guess where they're outstripping Florida in tourism this year for the first time ever.
And that's why I just played that but in Mexico. So even with the bad water even with a bad diarrhea even with all those grease balls down there in spite of all of that.
Mexico is outstripping Florida now for tourism okay. And it goes on and on a great length stories of violence and refugees test the travel of destination staying power and even the Disney people are quoted this article as adamant as they are in short site near sighted as they are in stupid.
It says you have to feed the system with new tourists as well. In other words they feel that the old people once they come here they'll come back but you have to feed them with new tourists well guess what pali if you're going to bring in new tourists you have to have new things for them to do.
I don't want to mention anything specific but you can only use your imagination. God we got enough food in here for the Israeli army here today. Beautiful outstanding see this is right after you I'm kipper just a week later we got to make up for all the fasting.
Well beautiful sir thank you so much and we'll just dig through it and I'm sure come up with the two or three or four or five hundred good things.
Beautiful French onion soup outstanding my favorite in the entire world there are a few things are like in my mouth better than that.
Here's a lady in sunrise hello. How you doing? Can't hear you though. I'm very shy I just wanted to know if I can have the CD.
Oh yeah but you first of all I can't hear you secondly you have to speak to me for like least thirty seconds and you have to suck around and pretend that I'm you're a wonderful guy and that you know you can do that.
You are you sound like you've sucked around before once or twice in your life that's right right. So what is it you like about this show the fact that we give stuff away free.
No you're very controversial very controversial very outspoken full of crap and what about Luis Miguel now you've been a Luis Miguel fan for a long time.
That's right yes and are you going to have you ever seen him in life? No and I don't intend to have you you don't intend to. Why not?
I don't like him but I like the way he thinks. Now wait a minute run that by me again. In other words you like his music you don't like him for his body.
That's right. Well isn't it possible to like both? No. No. I mean do you like who you're dressed? I like everything about him. I like his smile I like his personality I like his face I like his body I like his music I like his everything about him from head to toe every here on his body.
I love the music is the most incredible even though I don't understand most I can sing it in esponial I sing right along with the music in the car people look at me like I'm crazy which I probably am it's a phenomenal thing.
But I'm going to give it to you because you're embarrassed to say all but listen come to the concert I'm telling you once you get to see him you'll be emotional I promise you.
Okay hang on. Okay very very very recalcitrant lady there on six so we got six to go how are we going to milk that for two hours.
So here's some beautiful French onion soup from New York New York. This isn't the week to be talking about New York by the way not on this not in this town but that's okay.
Not about New York not about how it's okay not about how are who. Okay poor Howard poor Howard you know when he had that John Croc operation it takes a long time to recover from it.
Never at least you'll on the man. Oh that's a beautiful thing look at all the cheese don't forget the cheese you know that's what they always say.
A beautiful thing. We got food for the and for the gods and my spa here guys for the entire WIOD family.
The restaurant is plenty of food for the entire Miami. Okay great outstanding. I'm not going to eat a lot of fattening stuff I do I'm just cautioning that up front.
Excellent the French onion soup is a beautiful thing. Okay let's do a candle hello. Good morning Neil because I'm sure here's a guy that doesn't want anything for free and that's good.
That's a real positive change. I don't good. I want to tell you a story though. Yeah about it has to do with that David Ross memo. Yes. Some years ago I was in business in Boston. How could I tell.
And I dealt with a girl over the phone two or three times a day. And we didn't know each other from Adam. Yeah and I decided to meet her blind at one of your favorite places.
Fanny hall. Uh huh. Good place. And we hit it off. Good place to be met. Yeah. Good place for meat. We hit it off. We were both living at home at that time because we're both young. Yeah.
So we had to kind of meet elicently at various motels and place wrong with that. Nothing wrong with that. And things were going hot and heavy. And the immediately came to a help like a couple weeks later when she she made a statement.
You know the type of guy I like to marry. Yeah that was the end of that and that move on her part. And would you like to meet my parents. Oh. So I kind of gave it a jazz mk. I said see you. Right. And that was the end of that. But there's nothing wrong with that. But it had its moments. Yeah. Now how long did this go on?
This one after several weeks. Beautiful. And not my current wife. But you know it's. Now is she better than your current wife? My wife is and you see my wife. Yeah. We're on the Vegas trip. Well I know that. Okay. Well I'm not talking about what she better looking than your current wife.
We she better in the sack than your current one. Come on now that's I realize it's a personal question. But what's wrong with answering that? My wife now listening today. She's not listening. She's busy with some guy now.
She was kind of different. Yeah. She liked to hang from the chandeliers and like I said she was a hell of a lot more exciting than your wife. That's why you know your age now. Forget it. You're not ready for that. But back in those days it was perfect. You could handle it. Yeah. The only problem. She was like five one and about 90 pounds. Yeah. I'm like six three two oh five. Yeah. But that's easy to grab onto especially when it's falling from the chandelier.
Beautiful story. I get a question about gambling for you. Yes sir. You know that the Florida Supreme Court shot down Governor Prozac's attempt yesterday. Oh I did not know that. You mean the Butterworths thing? Yes he did. So in other words it's still it's officially on a ballot now.
According to the Florida Supreme Court. Yes. Beautiful. We don't have to worry about any more that crap. Now I know how you feel about Jeb Bush. Yeah. I got a question for you. Yeah. What is going to happen when Jeb Bush comes out in favor of it? He's not. He is going to. Says who?
I know for a fact that he's inviting the guy that's the head of the limited casino to speak. That's something that he's giving. I don't know what it is. Some fundraiser or something.
And I think that he is going to come out in favor of it. At least limited. You know the limited. I find that very very very hard to believe. I will. I mean it just flies in the face of everything that those Neanderthal right wing Bible thumb for stand for. Jeb Bush.
I just can't believe it in addition to which that's a sorry state of affairs because I'm voting vote for him if he was in favor of giving me like $2 million unless they give me the cash upfront. He's a he's a fascist piece of crap. Well there's someone in my office that works for his campaign and they're going to give me the literature on him when he comes out in favor of it. Now you know all these side issues that these people are saying that it's bad because of crime and it's bad because of this have you considered that maybe some of these guys in telehazis have something to do with the money?
That's a type of financial interest. Could be in like Disney. Yeah or like in the the Bahamas Bahamas in the cruise ships. Yeah. Right. I think it's a bunch of like the Miami-Herald with their gigantic budget that they get from the cruise lines every year. Right. I think it's all a smoke screen. I think they it's the bottom line is dollars. You got it. Okay. Okay. Good luck to us. Thanks. See you. Well wouldn't that be something. Talk about being caught between a that's unbelievable. May have to check into the old Bush, but I seriously seriously doubted. 1150 a. W. I. O. D. Charles Alfie Erie knows his bushes may be
because he has been supplying it for showbiz figures and other hot shots for over 25 years now. Now just for you every day guys, you can do the same. We're talking about here because the
Wayne has a look like I've told you a million times is out for the 90s. It's out forever. It's just ridiculous. Okay. Tell me some
Alice is pushing up daisies and he was a good guy, but who wants to look like that? And you can pay a lot more for a
hair system. You can pay as much as 2800 bucks at the hair club for a douchebag or you can get the best looking the most natural system available
anywhere in the business for just 800 dollars from the Charles Alfie Erie studio. He knows his stuff, man. Nobody can make you look
better and feel younger and get laid more often than Charlie Alfie Erie and service visits at the Charles Alfie Erie
studios are priced right to choke it on his cheese. Geez. I'm not kidding. I. Is that what they call chunky cheese?
At 25 bucks, not 60 bucks, like at hair club for boys. God, I got a chunk in here that you wouldn't believe in cheese too. So let me give
the numbers when we come back George because I'm dying over here. The payphone challenge news from around the planet and a lot more. It's
Rick and Suds weekday morning. So right here. So anyway, give Charlie Alfie Erie a call. I got that thing out of my throat and that
cheese too. 4390 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial and Fort Lauderdale and the number in
Broward is 928 1755 toll free from anywhere 1 800 321 2413 928 1755 in Broward 1 800 321 2413
Cheryl guarantees that you'll give you a date if you go to Charlie Alfie Erie. What's wrong with that? They got a
full head of hair. That would be unusual for your husbands. Anyway, 1154 W.O.D. Thanks to our Paisons from New York, New York
they brought in a feast here starting with a French onion soup and chicken stir fry and deli sandwiches and bagels the size of
the size of New York. I haven't seen anything like that in my life. And you'll find New York, New York in a kindle mall.
North Kindle Drive in Southwest 107th. You'll find them on 145 111 South Texas, you highway in Miami. And also in
Hertz Lee, next time you go to Israel, stop and it hurts Leo, okay? I will. And also in the Luntel and Tel Aviv, of course. How could we forget them?
Thank you so much, amigo. Let's do a Miami. Hello.
That's Gomniel. Yes. Good morning. When is DSME go?
This is called OVaoji. Huh? I said how you doing? Pretty good in yourself. Great.
The reason I'm calling this guy is called about the Gypsy Kings. I got a cassette you might want to listen to.
But first I got to ask you do they still equip your corvettes with cassettes?
You mean with CDs? No, cassette. Yeah. Both. Okay. Can you still play a cassette in your
That's why I just said. Okay. Yeah. If you want to swap one for that, uh, that CD, you're giving out.
Well, that's a deal. If it's okay with you, Ming, what are you going to bring it?
I'll drop it off if you want. And how about the cassette? That too? Yeah. And what are you going to do today?
Monday. What do you want? Tuesday, don't are stick. What year? I'll bring it over Monday. Monday. Okay. Hang on a second.
Okay. George, talk to that Paison on to there. Get his name and then he's coming by. Okay.
Set up a deal with him. I'm sure you'll find something to your liking in there. It's all very delicious, very Jewish.
You don't have to be Jewish to enjoy.
