right
yeah
but you know what for a while
you have to bob it for a while
all right got bob it for getting
i don't even think you'll know what it's like anymore
i'm gonna get about it when you're born
you're thinking that put some force getting back on him like his protective
all right got put on the bill
back on me it's like saying
like that turtle again like that gigantic turtle picking its head out of the
shell
all for christ sake but let go let's wrap the meet up in that and then we'll
eat it later
yeah
all god bless all right Neil
have a great life and you too see
maniac
get the cheese whiz
we have an open line and date seven five one cheese and let's go to uh...
sunrise
hello
meal
yes
meal
yes
i got a question here about ranger who do you think shot
i mean i know you're talking about
hockey all day here
when i talked about hockey all day we're talking about our conversation
we're talking about hockey players are a circumcised like steve iserman
i have no personally a circumcised
oh my god what's wrong with talking to me
i want to talk to him in that steve iserman is definitely circumcised
okay
and the paul coffee said that he told Rick
but anyway what is it
i saw my son being circumcised
and i forget about that for you know let's move on to whatever was it was
saying what was it got shot Roger
oh who shot Roger rabbit
uh... who do i really think did it
uh... billy
now that's too obvious to me
i mean that's the first guy okay uh... little
billy
remember now
remember uh...
not Vanessa
well let's figure out who it's not precious elimination
okay
okay
it was definitely not uh... jenna
it was definitely not buzz
it was not josh
right
it was not the test many lady whatever her name is what's her name
uh...
josh's girlfriend
oh she's uh... test many in devil herself
whatever it's not her name was
it was not Alexandra
i think it was uh... hb
if you remember just think listen to me
yeah remember on uh... mindi's
well he's getting ready to croak anyway be good time to get him on the show
right remember when uh... mindi had her engagement party
yes
in the background he says i hope somebody kills you one of these days
yeah
you can barely hear it
that's right when they were having that big brawl in the hall
you're not gonna stay away and uh... yeah
you can barely hear it and i think they're gonna put it on him
beautiful
never suspected
uh...
so that's my that's my vote
i think they should have killed him but he's he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a
listen when you fall 25,000 feet off the edge of a cliff and it doesn't kill you
what's one little gunshot in the shoulder gonna do man i mean uh... child's play
oh come on i mean really lost 20 or 30 quarts of blood what's the big deal
yeah
i hear that
he had a sandwich at holly's house he's okay and he got out the cheese whiz
sure
holly's big into that
he's hiding the bullies
he says put the bull it away
yeah and the get on him
okay well i think you saw that pal and have a great day
you're doing it
see ya
we have an open line in date 751 and one on the brower line five two four nine four six three
twelve twenty two
at w.w.w.s.s. you win
there's a real party in the park it's a party over there at pompadopark
every Wednesday through Saturday nights it's the metal and simul cash you can bet on that pick seven
from the metal lands and the payoffs of course are in the thousands and thousands of dollars
even fat rich hasn't hit that yet
and every Wednesday night
i get choked up thinking about the night just cash that
because we won't get any every Wednesday night don't miss out on a great racing and two complete dinners for twenty dollars special
at the top of the park dining room with panoramic view of all the action just called nine seven two
two thousand for reservations for those when Wednesday night special dinners
tonight the forty five thousand dollar
hurricane pacing series opens with twenty eight three and four year old
pace is going to the gate and Saturday night as they do every Saturday
pompadopark be given away a thousand dollars in cash all you have to do is be there and register to win nothing to buy
Louis Palucci is God man he rolls the roost Kevin Wallace is the greatest and who are we leaving out that's about it
and there must be somebody else Dennis no monday
post time seven thirty every night Monday and Wednesday through Saturday see you soon great action great
caching at poppinopark coming up tonight at eight following sports talks six ten it's Randy roll
ralord ralord ralord ralord
come on you my o t
what the fuck's going on with Dayton Broward
make sure with each other naked in the street
the American cheesecats will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese
hey broccoli except when my mom melts cheddar cheese on top then I even ask for second
yes there's nothing like cheese to make things taste terrific I'm a side show geek in a circus and I eat ground glass for a living my secret
I top the shards with grated parmesan it tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood that's right nothing
tops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese my husband likes me to you know
but I hate the taste so I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese it goes down easy and that makes it easier to go down
cheese makes everything tastes better so remember don't forget your cheese
truck 26 and w i d like that spot said let's talk turkey about the super bowl
okay let's speak in a turkey we have two open lines in date by the way just that I'd mention that in case
there's anybody out there with an IQ bigger than their member size at 7519463 speaking of IQs like that
here's Josh hey yeah pretty good I'm cheese in it sound pretty serious today
well it's it's a serious day is it yeah okay I'm working now let's get serious you got a job I got a job I'm trying to
need a job I was trying to call you yesterday that's what Jimmy Swagger said from my I was trying to call you yesterday from
my job good way to get fired on a first day but no but I didn't I because I'm on the phone all day
yeah I can like do it sort of in cognito mm-hmm but I I didn't want to like take the chance to get fired
yeah so I was second week at least yeah well I've been there for about a month really yeah so what are you doing is this
something you can tell share with us or I'm a cold collar for built more securities how cold really cold
what does that mean you're peddling crap on the phone no it means I could I could work in a boiler room is that
what you try to say basically I could do one of those people that calls up and pastors people right in the
middle while they're having their dinner or their dog just peed on the floor yeah wrong I get to call I
get to test your president of big important companies really yeah and they get pissed sometimes well you're probably
used to that you can handle it but that's not what I call you probably just laugh at him on the phone say okay I
sold your loss and just land the phone that's what I do yeah but that's not why I call why did you call Josh I went to
camp last week but we do wish you good luck on your new job is it now is this in lieu of going in the Navy no I'm not doing that
anymore you're not doing what the Navy good yeah I'm figuring that's like like later on in my life but I'm doing I'm doing what I need
to do and that's going to school there you go but then after that maybe you learn something yeah exactly after that
but I went to camp I went to go in the Navy and then you'll really learn something something like that like I'm going out of the
soap real tight well I'm not I'm staying away from the Navy I'm I'm comfortable with my sexuality okay whatever you say Josh I believe you
but I went to camp the last weekend yeah and I found out why there's so the difference between same
people and and people yeah yeah the same people have no life absolutely no life according to the
people yeah and the people have a life but the only thing that the life that they can do with that is like listen to Ron and Ron
yeah and go to the movies and go to a mom's we miss and go to yeah they and go out to dinner they don't have they don't have
anything really need to go there's nothing going to what you're trying to say is there's nothing going on there
there's no there's no question about that yeah they I mean I talked and they're like and I talked to people my age even even
in only out to New York in the dead of winter there's more going on than there isn't Tampa like on a nice warm
May day yeah and they and they got great weather there they get great stuff to do there but they're not not great
stuff to do there great great restaurants great restaurants nice shopping malls right exactly great ability to do
stuff nice shopping centers right and they want to do nothing and they're frustrated because there's nothing to do
it's like going downtown there I mean they have that nice beautiful mall on it but there's nothing to do there
there's nobody there and there's nothing to do and there's nobody to do the only thing that they have to do
years ago downtown Tampa was thriving there were all kinds of people out and there were lots of people to do and places
to do and things but now it's like more or less you know the only thing that they got
stay in home is harbor island island yeah that's sort of cool but that's that's it that's like sort of like sort of
there but I mean that's that's what's going on in harbor island that's what I just got through Tony there's nobody there
but they have but they have something that it's potential they need to they need to like just to know
yeah maybe they need to bus in a few thousand new people who have a life that would be a start
to people who have been out of the house for a county
at least once in a life would be good what there's lots of pubic girls over there
Cuban girls pubic pubic girls what does that mean never mind no what does that mean pubic girls
George even George does know and if he does I mean I could I said I don't know good looking girls
good looking girls good young looking girl pubic means good looking young girls yeah
where do you come up with a catchphrase like that just on my own on your own
okay as in a pubic zirconia all right see ya see ya bye okay well that was a
abrupt one that we have two up probably the boss just put his ear to the door stuck his
ear to the door we have two open lines are both in brow art five two four nine four six three
are we going to get some I don't want to start getting a little antsy about this and I do
understand that everybody is in a constant perpetually ill but bubblehead who like is out more than
she's in to be honest with then I really sympathize because she works with some real assholes in there
but it would be nice to get some new totalist from peaches and there's nobody else in the building
who can do it which I guess makes her feel like a real hot shot but it would be just before we embark
on our thing Saturday and close out the campaign since we're really trying to get close to 200,000
it's you know what I'm saying if we said we have 195 we have 196 and we're getting really close
for like right on the edge then it's kind of like an incentive to get people to get out to
peaches and come out to standard brands and like really a shell out some bucks and buy a whole bunch
of our crap and help us make our goal but when I'm sitting here every day saying well we got
and I'm giving you the same number every day it's like well it's all over forget it you know
so is there any possibility tomorrow we might find that out any possibility that you might show her
a little pimpley head in here or just or even just get on the phone and check it out or do something
no okay here's Kendall hello you know yes sir oh are you pretty good I tuned in a little late
today something went on in the Boston Globe you're talking about no it was not in the Boston
Globe it was some asshole from Sarasota call we were talking about the game last night and he's
telling me well you know what the Boston Globe says about your Panthers don't you some real asshole
from Maine or somewhere and he's going on about well there are like comatose between the blue
lines it's not expression he had and then I played the eight the tape of the eight goals that we
scored against the Canadians on Monday that kind of shut his stupid ass up yeah I hope that guy
remembers I'm a Boston fan I hope that guy remembers that we get spanked right out of the playoffs
last year by the Sabres but for a straight right well we got which was the precipitant for Andy
Moe leaving for Dallas but we have Vincent Riendo now which was a bad mistake by the way yeah what
the hell is Vincent Riendo kind of do for the Bruins man he's a reject he's sir what is he
going to do for him he certainly know John van Vee's broadcast the last night yeah that was
incredible wasn't it that guy I'll tell you they had a wreck the statue of that guy they ought to
and I have a gigantic erection right in front of the arena but now we have Riendo and I hear that
they're the cases on the outs I hear that he's feeling pretty blue that too yeah okay good luck thanks
you'll need it yeah we have an open line indeed well you know it it smells like somebody farted
in here and I'm the only one who's in here and I didn't do it I farted in here well it must be
seeping through then it must have been just a barn burner man because it's like seeping through the
goddamn walls I'm serious right like like down where this file cabinet is it smells like a real
musty fart musty like somebody who hasn't changed their underwear like in weeks you know who's
wearing like bib overalls and hasn't changed their underwear in weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks
jazz and it's like maybe it's a fart in a box maybe that's what that casket on a floor is down
there maybe if you picked it up there would be less gigantic emotional explosion of gas maybe
that's where jazz stores his farts because anybody who drinks as much booze cheap booze as he does
must just cut some real rippers you know it 12 or maybe it's his wife 1234 at W.I.O.D. and W.S. UN
if you ever wanted to drink that was faster I'm just telling it like it is I bet she could rip off
some beauties I'm telling you she's just the type she's spending enough time in those abacroom bars
today is the last day for you to get your ass over to your supermarket do it right now because
quite frankly you better get your thing in the mail this afternoon because they got to get it by
tomorrow I'm talking about the budget gourmet special selection sweepstakes that's going to send
away to Charlotte Motor Speedway for a two-day stock car racing school tomorrow is the deadline so
you got to pick up the entry blank at your local supermarket today at the budget gourmet display
in the frozen food section fill that baby out put a stamp on the envelope stick that thing in a
and tomorrow they'll be drawing the winner you can offer and there's often use a light by the way
but the deadline for all entries is tomorrow and then we'll be announcing they'll be drawing the name of
the winner on Monday the 31st is coming Monday so get your ass in there if you want to get in on
this and be able to drive around the speedway up there at Charlotte like a lunatic you'll be given
expert classroom instruction by professional stock car drivers and you'll be screaming all over the
place so pick them up today and also why do they pick up some of those great tasting budget gourmet
frozen entrees you'll love them both regular and light and healthy and now here's another
exciting offer from video treasure chest just in time for Robert Stax birthday back in the 60s
stack played Elliott Nass in a TV series called the Untouchables but in the original pilot Nass and
his men were very touchable as this lost classic shows the phone you run rings around the law for
years but I finally got you dendor rights you're going to jail mr okay Nass I'll go but on one
condition I don't make deals Capone this will be more in the line of a request well what is it good
I uh touch you touch me yeah I'm the face I'm your cheek there why would you want to do that
well all the monsters say you and your men got the nicest skin in law enforcement now if I can
just touch it once I'll come quietly well okay boy do you feel nice well thank you so satiny smooth
well I like to do you use some kind of moisturizer no it's all natural boy it's nice say good
the boys touch you too oh well hey boys come on over here touch Nass oh that's not the baby behind
that is my behind sorry the lost pilot episode of the touchables cop a feel and feel a cop can be yours
for just 1995 in local video stores video treasure chest we've got rooms of this crap
for 40 20 till one at W.I.O.D. and we're just a zippered long here it's almost a bitter end and
Stephen Tampa fax has me somebody called yesterday he wanted to know what what the infractions can
result in a penalty shot in the hockey game and there were a couple of them that I remembered well
three actually and there are five believe it or not number one following a player from behind
during a breakaway in other words a player any other team's got a breakaway he's going to go in
alone and you're like drag him down from behind number two falling on or picking up the puck in
the crease area number three okay accept the course for the goalie number three throwing a stick
number four deliberately displacing the goal during a breakaway a number five deliberate illegal entry
into the game like you know they're in the middle of you know something going on and somebody just
jumps off gets emotional and jumps out there like Scotty Bowman so thank you Steve from Tampa also by
the way something I've noticed I didn't know where George just went all the way I thought I
guess was a false alarm I thought he may have run downstairs because those faxes oh because
the ponytail one thing about his food it's always delicious from the pizza lot but one thing like
if you're a little bit plugged up and I'll make a **** every time I mean it works like a charm he
ought to seriously he could make a fortune on the side with this he could bust him in from surf side
and haladale and tamarack and all of a sudden I mean incredible miracles dinner at the trough man
and I'll make a **** every time and it goes down good too and comes out easy anyway we have an
open line and Broward five two four and one on the star line am I right I mean we got a lot of
witnesses in here you ought to see the line downstairs well it's lubricated here's a cut the cheese will
you here's a mobile in Miami hello jody holed Jewish could you believe it
cord murphy roger nielson to yes mark faster Jewish because you can see that
Don bimbees Brooks the two boy cord murphy's Jewish could you believe it
incredibly mark this Patrick again and John bimbees Brooks
has a matter of fact all the pins are Jewish and I fell in love with you just you
belong to you got I fell in love with you oh beauty we have an open line in day 751 everybody wants to
make promo which rhymes with momo and one on the star line at star i.o.d. but we're getting that
belt that the cellular one line starting on Tuesday that's a done deal it is not going to work in
Tampa by the way but they can dial star SU went in Tampa on their GTE which I keep forgetting to
mention because we never have any open lines over there anyway almost we're all we got off to a
slow start today I have a feeling that they were a little down to the dumps today and I do want to
say because I try to be fair I'm not going to come out say oh boy look at this you guy you know you
did your best job and you couldn't win the game although I think I did say that but not quite
vindictively but I mean they played a hell of a game man they bottled us up they outshot us they
outplayed us they kicked us into the ground and we still got to tie thanks to the beasur and our great
penalty killing skills which we will we're going to the game last day we're all the way up to number
eight in the league in penalty killing which is great and we ought to be because we sure had
enough experience especially early early in the season almost every game we had like two or three
times we were too many short and usually killed those off so anyway but I'm you know I try to be
objective and the lightning have really come along you're improving dramatically poopa is just
outstanding and he also even though he didn't stop as many shots he made some phenomenal saves last
night but they're a little disappointed because they you know they had 20,000 people under again
they're all enthused they're all worked up this is like their last chance to kick our ass and get
a you know a win and they threw everything they had but the chicken sink and the octopi on the ice
and they couldn't do it so I understand here's a mobile on alligator rally hello yeah Neil
yeah first time caller all right let's see all the time come across the alley yeah I'm always going
back and forth from Marco Island to Palo Alto and go to show a lot watch out for that panther crossing
over there yeah well you know what I gotta say you've done a great job with the hockey down here it's
really I mean I grew up on basketball but I'm really trying to become a fan and last night I was
going back forth with the Miami Heat to the hockey game yeah I thought I kind of interesting
though the basketball game the last two minutes 25 minutes yeah that's why when you're watching
NBA game especially during a regular season it's not even worth watching the first you know the last
two three minutes is all you need to watch because either it's a blowout by then which means it was a
boring game or if it's going to be exciting it all happens in the last two or three minutes what
takes about a half an hour to play yeah it was amazing I really thought the the heat they I don't
know the house problems right now yeah you can say that again are you guys really support
basketball down to that much I don't really hear much about the heat is there a big following down
there yeah they've been selling out just about every game although this year they're starting to lose
a little bit of the natives are getting a little restless but yeah they they've sold out every
game for as long as they've been here okay this is what I say you're going to Marco Island I'm
going to say hey um this is a joy show and I just see all time and good luck and great job see
okay okay I'm going over there and saying hey good guy but where is he we have an open line it's
on a blue line 5249463 right on a blue line right between the two blue lines what was that
expression that asshole from Sarasota used there oh man did that guy I very rarely do I let it
call even linger in my mind around my fingers for more than like a couple of minutes but he was
just so typical of the sour pie that is down here sour pus pusseye whatever it is but just so
god damn many of men it's just so crotchety and crotchety and sour about everything man
call dr jack up and Detroit and see if he can't come down to put that guy out of his misery and
once he does that that'll help the rest of us too a lot here's boca speaking of misery hello
hello Neil Rogers yes sir hey I got a lot to cheer you up with okay good first of all thank you
mr. van b's brick will take the tie yes we'll take the point thank you so very much very good
and hey I got I just had a funny thing happen to me at the a Costco and Delray Beach I was praying for
that came to get over by the way I kept saying I'll take the tie I pray just just speed up the clock
get it over and we'll take the point thank you yes at Costco and where in Delray Beach right and the
members only like a price club thing and all these these seniors I was checking out my groceries
there and these seniors are trying to get in because they the members inside get a dollar 50 like
hot dog and lunch and they're all trying to get in there and and they say to the man we want to go
inside and have lunch and he says you have to be a member and they go no but we just want to have a
hot dog and they wouldn't take no for an answer they're all arguing with them and I said to the guy
at the door I said you got to be just he's got to be kidding there's there's he says there's at
least 50 of them every hour trying to get in to get a dollar 50 hot dog so he says I love to turn
him away and they all go away arguing and yelling and none of them want to join the club of course
and he lent less search for a cheap we need in Delray and big time in
Crabley and Crabley hey listen now my friends are down from new jersey and they're loving it down
here and we're turning money your show and you play that hairy carry compilation that he sent
down to you with him saying hey Neil and all that the cops talking all that you basically mean
hey Neil fuck you I love it yeah so to see have a great day pal
I ain't enclosing everybody at floor com plant this okay yeah we have an open line in
brow we have three hours a matter of fact and I'm getting very very despondent about that you know
what I mean here hey Neil fuck you and one in date and one on a sender now one two three four
looks like to me now looks like four doesn't it that like is 40% of the board but once we get
the cellular one line then we'll have 11 lines and then we can say we have 32 open lines in
day 75 and Broward 27 on the green lines four mobile lines and by the time we get done tell how many
lines are open it shall be over which sounds like a hell of a good scam to me 11 40 11 central time
and 1248 Eastern time at W I O D and W S U N
bye now I think it was just a false alarm oh in fact maybe that aroma that was coming out
here before maybe that was like a signal of things to come so to speak maybe that was like a
four-bearer of evil uh commotings we have an open line it's on a star line if you have
Bell Soffiability star I O D and let's do North Tampa on a date line
yes oh my god how you been okay hockey intensive yes
integrate uh huh integrate great sport catching on like wildfire here man I feel like
worries the rocket ratio it's not more like Tim Horton and he's been dead for 15 years
listen um I was calling you are there any black guys playing hockey yes okay and what teams do they
do they play the Amatriaal Canadians have a black guy whose name I can't think of it the moment
grand fewer of course his black he's one of the goalies for the sabers there's a guy who plays
I believe on the mighty ducks or the sharks I'm not sure which is here like three or four black
dudes in the league right now I know why because I want to see the Rangers and uh the Panthers
the first black player in the national hockey league his name was Willie O'Rea he played for the
Bruins many years ago you know it was a real good hockey player yeah and he's a black guy Ferguson
Jenkins is he really for he got drafted to play hockey originally and the Panthers have a minor league
goalie who won about he's broke the record in the minor league whatever league it's in Cincinnati
hokey redicus his name he's a black dude we saw him during the exhibition season yeah and he's
a tremendous goalie he was on the all star I saw him on the all star game yes in the iHL all
star game he's very good oh you were at the track yeah a very good game very competitive very strong
I was impressed with the uh minor it looked better than the minor league baseball but I followed
baseball my life it looks better than the minor leagues baseball yeah well these are studs man these
these are a bunch of pansies like a lot of these other athletes these are guys who are tough and
lean and mean um I haven't heard that Puerto Rican lady you have iIII do you still have that
what do we still have you still have that card that the lady yellow and iIIIIIIIIE
where the hell would I find that iIIIE go away I love it I don't have it um
you know I'll let you go uh enclosing I let you go to the bathroom but I can no
okay see you all right what do that mean what kind of disgusting filthy thing they're well I just
night. Wait a minute. It was okay. Well, by the way, I think it wasn't a false alarm. Oh, God.
I'm serious, man. If there's anybody out there who has had even just a mild bout of like
constipation, an immediate trip to the pizza loft is in order. It's better than X-Lax. It's
better than an H bomb guaranteed. I'll make a ****.
South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio 610 W I O D by having
Fort Lauderdale. I'm murder for higher trial. Radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rodger Show
to talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day in Broward 524 W I O D outside the 305 area code
toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by
dialing star I O D. Now the Neil Rodger Show on news talk radio 610 W I O D. It's the
Rotter-Tool Hour. The pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub
The pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the
pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub
The pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, the pub's, speaking up the pub has gone, the pub's gone and sold out so far The pub has gone and acclaimed so far The market removes all ofukable things So, to sum up theprofile button, they have to demand you to really, seriously instill businessPer broadcasts a description for their conversations
So, let's begin the time let's begin the time of the pub'sowski Yu Huron Chuk to sell out into a pub called headstape
He likes to smoke a mask.
He's a fucking stomp.
He's a groovy ass.
He's a fucking stomp.
The fuck stomp.
The fuck.
Smokes.
Go.
Touch that shot.
Yeah!
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Thanks to the tape, Jason.
Nice job.
You still work here.
It's not a weekend for me.
Go, go, go, go, go.
And if you put a nose ring, any more
here for another six months.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
It's one away to WI.
That's a very big effect.
No, his ring is a start, but then there are like certain
other things that jazz has in mind.
He'll show you where you put him.
That's in now.
Body piercing is where it's at.
Somebody was telling me just yesterday that last,
the eighties was the decade of ear piercing
and the nineties are the decade of body piercing.
Yeah.
So all you gophers out there, try to find a hole in one
and stick it where the moon don't shine.
They have the earrings like in Europe,
or a puppet, you know, like not in the puppet.
Although that's acceptable too, but like next to it.
And of course, if you have lots of forest gear,
I mean, the possibilities are endless.
It's called a Prince Albert.
I thought that's something you smoked.
Like I said, I thought it's something
you stuck in your peace pipe.
We have an open line on the star line at star IOD
and two and a broward, five, two, four,
whatever the rest is.
Here's Homo, Sasa.
Hello.
Hello, hello, you, Neil.
Okay, sir.
Yeah.
Hey, we got something going on up here in Fitchers County.
What's that?
The opening of the Ted Williams baseball museum.
Oh, wow.
I was Ted gonna stand in the parking lot
and shoot pigeons on opening day.
He was thinking about it, but he's got a lot of experience
doing that in Fenway Park.
That's what he did the best.
He's got, let's see.
Mahamma Ali and George Matio are gonna be there.
Are we chipping over each other?
Yeah, what's Mahamma gonna do?
They're gonna bring him around and steer him
in the right direction.
Yeah, so he's gonna go like that.
Mickey Manel, Pee Wee Reese.
Wow.
Yeah.
You're the mind's favorite.
Yeah, he came broadcasting live.
What the hell is he gonna be doing there?
No, sucking around no doubt.
And let's see.
Don't be 50 dollars.
Yeah.
Hey, from the, uh,
what would I think from that?
Where is this gonna be?
That's the town is both Sitchers Hills.
Yeah.
A couple of miles from right now.
Well, this should be just tremendous draw.
That's the, it's a two or three hundred people ear in there.
Oh, I tell you what, a dollar a piece too.
Uh-huh.
They're really gonna be raking it in.
And, uh, hey, from the, there's never a short thing file.
Yeah.
Uh, I was at the OBS, uh,
you know, Cala, Cala B or sale.
They have a Samo cast.
Yeah.
One day somebody dumped a hundred thousand dollars
on a horse to show this happened yesterday.
Yeah, I was looking at it.
I was figuring if they had to go to the game
because the guy must have lost his head.
Yeah, he lost on the grand.
It was this is he's been doing this lately.
And I don't know whether he's been cashed in that, but he,
but this they call him the bridge jumpers.
This usually goes on in New York.
So must be in New York.
Uh, but evidently, he bet a hundred thousand to show.
Where's my chart from the track on a horse that was like a two to five
supposedly mortal lock.
Yeah.
The horse is called a pago fire in the eighth race.
And she went off at two to five and finished six.
I mean, puked in the straight sixth by six lines.
And he put a hundred grand into pool to show.
So as a result, the horse that won paid $41 to win 1180 to place
and $41 to show the second place horse paid five 40 to place 2160 to show.
And the horse that finished third paid 86 dollars to show box car show
prices because all the money in the show pool, including that hundred grand,
uh, was out of the bridge jumpers pocket.
Most of it.
And it went to everybody else.
How's how many was going to do that when I when I bet on the other horses?
Exactly right.
From the, uh, what kind of mean?
The so if he wins, the most he's going to win is five grand.
Now, let me ask you, do you think it's a good investment to put up a hundred
grand to make five thousand dollars?
If you got to lose everything.
No.
If there's any chance that you're going to lose it, I mean, I could understand
if you're going to put up a hundred grand and maybe make your 20, 30, 40 grand
in two minutes or a minute, but not to make five grand.
You got to be a mental case.
That raises.
Well, have a great day, Pallie.
And say hi to Ted.
Later later.
Okay.
See if he's still got that good aim.
Yeah, that's Ted Williams, man, a like Revierman Boston and in revier.
And he was a great player.
But man, what an obnoxious asshole.
And of course, he used to spend his spirit time like out in further out in the
parking lot at Fenway Park, shooting pigeons, which is why they liked him so much, I
guess 12 minutes after one at W I O D in WS U N.
Want to tell you about my good friends, Chef Gigi Romano and his wife, Carolyn
Romano at La Tevernetta.
They've been with me for years and years and years and always excited to talk
about La Tevernetta because you'll never be disappointed.
There's some restaurants.
You know, some days they're good.
Some days and that's a great La Tevernetta.
Chef Romano is in a kitchen every minute that they're open.
And that's why when they go to Italy in the summertime, they actually close
up for a couple of weeks so that nobody gets disappointed with anything less
than the very best.
And when they come back to get all kinds of great new recipes, they got your chicken
my parmesan and chicken central pay and all out Tevernetta, which is a
boneless breast of chicken and a fragrant wine sauce with mushrooms and artichoke
carts and pomegranate and chicken cacciatori and all kinds of chicken and
veal and pasta dishes, the likes of which you've probably never had in your
life. And great, if you're in the seafood, they've got some of the best
of that in seafood dishes you've ever had and delicious homemade soups that
are so thick you can eat them with your elbow and the list goes just on and on.
And they give you tons of food.
So take your time.
This isn't like a 30 minute deal.
Go in there and take plenty of time to give you impeccable service and spread
the deal out and save some room for one of those great desserts like the tiramisu
or those great fresh strawberries from their dessert cart La Tevernetta.
No matter where you are, it's well worth the trip.
They've been doing it right in time or act for over 10 years.
They're at 84.
All the boys have stayed there and she's the one who always said that Michael
excuse my expression, but he's a faggot and she would say that damn faggot.
I can't stand.
Coming next year, the King of God,
furniture your hometown, touring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for
wayward boys.
It's Michael.
Oh, Jackson.
My lady, the picky.
I've got a very happy side.
Michael, Jackson.
So anytime that don't matter if he's back.
right.
Oh, I like male children.
They are the ones who turn me on and I hope they're willing.
And it's a choice of making.
I might screw up their lives, but it's true.
They make the greatest name when they just find.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics like Billy's James.
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course, smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for
wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 admitted free when a copy by no one.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
Yeah, they're black.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
Oh, 1602 Alton Road.
Sweet 111.
Is that these studios of Latin MTV?
Is that where it's at?
Because that would be like right around Lincoln Road Mall and Alton Road, right?
That must be it because that's the address they got that.
Eros Smith concert tour contest that they got going.
Like I told you, they're coming here February 2, which is next, what?
They're going to be off to all over Mexico and play this area's not over Latin America,
which I didn't know until we found out on MTV Latino, which were the only ones who watch
it.
Speaking of Eros Smith, by the way, I have some bad news for my Luis Miguel fans today.
What are two days off every now and it isn't going to hurt right?
Will it hurt you will?
Oh, I thought I might play that at the end of the day.
I'm like obsessed with that Alton.
Get a grip and the Alton too.
Just obsessed.
I mean, the Bee Gees album is great, which I bought the other day.
But get a grip.
Maybe the best thing that Eros Smith has ever done.
That could be getting a little bit carried away, but it is out freaking standing.
And Adam, of course, being the Ojón provocateur, says the best cut on the album is, um, eat
the rich, which is the one we can't play on here unless jazz can play because it says
shot over and over and over again.
Here's for a lottery.
Hell, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, the Bee Gees.
Jazz?
They were born in the Isle of Man.
Douglas Isle of Man.
Douglas Isle of Man, that's England, man.
Yes.
I thought they were from Australia.
No, they, um, then they moved to the greater Manchester area.
And then, um, then they immigrated just a little bit after Andy was born.
Well, I'll be dang.
I know.
Where did they get to the Australian bit from?
Well, because they immigrated to Australia.
Oh.
And, uh, no, the Bee Gees name, yeah, comes from, um, they met the guy.
He was a race track promoter called Bill Good, who, uh, I thought I came from Barry,
uh, Gibb.
No, people often think it's brother's Gibb.
Yeah.
And, uh, but they met this guy called Bill Good.
Yeah.
He introduced them to a DJ in, uh, Australia, who worked for 4KQ, uh, Australian man.
I bet you're point.
And his name was Bill Gates.
And so when it is, he used to play, um, well, was Bill Good?
Well, I guess only Barry would know that, yeah.
And, uh, that's how they got the name Bee Gees.
It was Bill Good who put the two initials together of, uh, DJs.
Yeah.
Amazing.
Well, there we got it.
Yep.
Have you been over to their pad?
No.
Well, now you can go because I don't know where the hell it is.
Well, we just got the word today.
Barry's got his own place over there on, um, weren't you say it was?
I don't know.
I'm confused now.
And, uh, the other two brothers who got their other place like over on, uh, Alton Road
and 50th or something like that on Bay Road.
He said Bay Road in the 70th.
I don't know.
They're over there.
They're a great group.
They are great.
I saw them in the 70s, two concerts that went to the Fantastic.
They are great.
And see, they got, they got lumped in with all that fat we went through about Disco's
sucks.
And so right away it became very, very much out.
You know, they were absolutely out the Bee Gees, totally a passe.
And then all of a sudden now that Disco is making a comeback and it's okay to like Disco,
now the Bee Gees are picking up right where they left off and they're in again.
They're bigger than ever.
Yeah, because they, they've written some fantastic songs.
Right.
Is it some great stuff on that album called One?
Yeah, they're there.
No.
That's really good.
Some great tracks on that.
Okay.
All right.
Well, thanks a pile.
Okay.
You got it.
See how to the Queen.
Okay.
Tell me, hold.
Can you help Alton Road boy father?
See ya.
Can you help Alton Road boy father?
I bet he can.
Father road tour.
Yeah.
Beautiful line there.
Just got to slip that baby in there.
Excellent pal.
We have two open lines in Broward and one on the Starline and Star IOD.
It's 123 at WIOD and WSUN.
You know, Carthept is a grown problem and it's getting bigger by the minute and the
Carthept problem too.
In fact, in 1992 in Dave Broward and Palm Beach counties, there were more than six
Carthept's in hour.
That's an average of about 150 stolen cars a day from South Florida.
What can you do about it?
Do the smart thing.
Get yourself low jack that one of a kind stolen vehicle recovery device that they bury
in the balls of your car.
Just that tiny little transmitter that nobody sees, nobody knows it's there except you
and the police.
And if your car is ever stolen any time morning, noon or night, all you do is make a routine
theft report to the police to activate your unit and immediately that low jack tracking
device in your car emits that silent but very deadly and accurate home and signal that's
tracked in on by the police computers.
They get your car back in one piece while it's still worth getting back in the pronto
usually in less than two hours.
And now here's the special offer that they're making.
Do you know, Jack, the best auto security system available just got even better because
for just $595, that's the one time cost of your low jack unit.
You also get a free remote activated car alarm.
That's right.
Absolutely free as in you don't pay for it.
No monthly fees, no hidden installation cost, no extras.
So for just $595, you get your low jack and that free car alarm.
Check it out with your soft load a new car dealer or call Elaine at our toll free number
and she'll answer all your questions, send you the free brochure and do whatever you want.
Call 1-800-53-Low-Jack 1-800-535-6522.
Watch out.
What 31-1-1-1-D and I guess where I've got to play the hero Smith, I'll play whatever
now I want at the end of the show and if anybody has likely to kiss my fat ass, okay?
You have the way sir rest, okay?
He's been working overtime and he's getting worn out.
Even that young thing gets worn out after a while.
Even he needs a rest every now and then, you know, just to put it away and rest it for
a few minutes.
Here's a Port Saint Loosely.
Hello.
Hi, Neum.
Yes, sir.
There are a couple things I wanted to share with you.
Please.
I don't know if you looked in the paper today.
Have you ever read Art Buckwell?
Not if I can help it.
Well, you know us.
No, I'd like Art Buckwell, but just when I see him on those TV shows and I realize that
he can't speak, I feel uncomfortable watching him because he just can't move his mouth.
There's just some lack of something there.
You've ever seen him in person?
I mean, like on TV?
I've seen him on TV.
He just can't speak.
He's a funny guy to read, but he can't speak.
Well, the headline for his article today was LaRena Bob at Precision General.
Beauty.
I thought that was going to be interesting.
She could sniff it.
There were a couple other things.
One of them is about the circumcision.
Yes.
I personally experienced that and I had it, I was born and didn't have the circumcision,
right?
Yeah.
So when I was 49, I had to have...
49.
Yeah.
Because the skin had lost its tensile.
Its tensile?
So you could put it on a Christmas tree anymore, right?
That's right.
And so I had to have the circumcision.
What did you mean the skin had...
I don't want to get too graphic.
What does that mean?
Lost its tensile.
Well, it lost its flexibility.
Elasticity.
Elasticity.
Ooh, man.
That's a better word.
Oh, it was like a brick.
Well, it was painful, you know.
Wow.
When it was swell up like that.
Wow.
So anyway, I had to have the circumcision.
Yeah.
But the first few years, I really didn't notice anything different.
But as time went by, like, 10 years later, it really loses its sensitivity.
And I think that was...
Well, maybe it might have been the fact that it was 10 years later.
That might have had something to do with it.
Oh, sure.
Well, it's a gradual process.
Yeah.
But I think that was on there through a natural selection for some reason.
And if my son had it too, had the circumcision done, it was automatically done lately.
But now, they're getting less and less, you know, automatically doing that.
Because, you know, the things that are not there for no reason, natural selection,
did put in...
Like like your appendix.
And your...
And your tonsils.
And your pendig...
Right.
Do you...
Do you still take that?
They're obsolete, just like Forskin.
Well, not necessarily.
The tonsils are not taken up.
Forskin was fine back in the old days before guys had clothing on to kind of like protect
their privates from the, you know, the elements.
But even with the clothing on, when it's rubbing up against, they're all the time with no...
Rubbing up against...
No.
But from my own experience, I'm saying.
Yeah.
And it doesn't follow that you're not hygienic if you have, of course.
You know, I've never missed a day with it, taking a shower for God knows how many years.
Right.
So it isn't necessarily dirty, not to...
Of course not, just long as you got a good scrub brush and some nice lava.
Right.
And that's the thing I want to share with you.
Yeah.
I've worked in...
Well, you graduated from Michigan school.
No, I did not.
I went to...
Don't say graduate.
Let's not get carried away.
I was there for two years or a part of two years.
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
So you're from...
The weather is horrible.
The weather is horrible.
There are three weeks in the summer when the weather is good.
It's beautiful.
I was a upper.
So I graduated from the northern Michigan school.
I never was in the U.P.
Yeah.
It's gorgeous in the summer and really unspoiled, you know.
Yeah.
Well, lakes you could drink out of the spring water.
Mm-hmm.
But anyway, I've worked in...
Well, like at Michigan State, we used to drink out of the red sea to river.
Yeah.
Not.
Not.
No, you get down that far.
It's polluted.
Very much so.
But up in the north at the ocean.
That's why we like it.
We like the pollution in East Lansing.
It's great.
It's good for what else you I don't really care for
Why not oh come on now get out of here. Well, I don't like Detroit
Well, I don't like Detroit anymore either Detroit once upon a time was a marvelous place
But that's ancient history now what was that ended in 1967 right which is now 20 seven years ago
Yeah, now Detroit is basically a toilet. That's when they burn the city down right exactly
Yeah, anyway the other thing I wanted to mention is I've worked in the addiction field for almost 30 years
Running an alcohol drug abuse program. Yeah up there and down here and one of the things that I see is a big the only
Option to solve not only the drug and alcohol problem or drug abuse problems is to legalize drugs
Yeah, and I totally
Not all drugs not heroin. Oh, I'm against any kind of drug use
Any more than necessary, you know, yeah, but I think that
Having it illegal is one of the worst things that you can do heroin too the thing is you don't I think they ought to take all these drugs
Are as not these politicians put them on a plane send them over to Amsterdam over to Holland right let them see how they handle the problem over there
They don't have anywhere near the problem
They don't deal with it like in this hysterical juvenile way and they deal with it like adults
And they don't have people murdering each other on the streets every day to give money to support the drug habit
And it's just amazing how much more civilized they are oh, yeah, but it doesn't have to be
An ex-associately accepted thing, you know like we socially accept alcohol to the degree that we advertise it all over the place
Yeah, we got people we lose about 5,000 people a week get killed because of alcohol or die because of alcoholism we have another
What is it 400,000 a year that died from tobacco?
Because it's so it and I don't know well. It's an epidemic man. People are driving dropping like flies
Where it's going around?
I don't want to get too more more modeling on this because jazz talks enough about drugs on every show the last of lifetime
But comparatively, you know compared to the illegal drugs, right which only kill probably a couple hundred people a week right
legal ones
You know overwhelmingly then let's move to Ann Arbor free drugs for everybody
Have a great day pal. Okay. You have a good one. Yeah, see ya. Bye. Bye. Okay
I'm gonna tell you something you whipper snappers with Bell South mobility
You're gonna have some competition star next Tuesday when we get that sell you to one line and cuz I guarantee
Yeah, that once we get that sell you to one line and it's gonna be smoking like this last guy
137 at WIOD and WSU end presenting the standard brand sports signatures
realization of soliciting is on the ballot. That's right. It's proposition number four
So be sure to mark a big yes
On your back
They're by the League of slutty women voters 142 at WIOD as long as we got all these hot shots in town
This week how come we didn't get some of these people are coming here and do like a one to two hour thing or a Neil God thing
Can't you just hear Sally Jessie saying?
God can't you hear that or a Regis Regis would do it Regis loves me is Regis in the computer is he on the thing?
It's big deal. It's big in a boat. See I told you
Is he talking about his paycheck?
I'm telling you Regis we all love you, but cut the crap don't like take on anymore shows your heart is like barely
Breathe in over there the man's had 75 like they keep taking tractors and pulling crap through his arteries to on
Oya clog them and he's wants to do the night show and a morning show
He wants to be all things to all people like maybe a dead pretty soon if you don't cut the crap
Here's a mobile in the sunrise. Hello, a Neil yes, sir
24-year-old heterosexual male and I love with Steve a Tyler all right
Coming up soon play it man play it all the way I'm gonna play it do it we're going out with it today
Do it out and the song to while you know something about Stevie Tyler this may sound really grotesque and I
How old is he now about 42 or three? I don't care
No, but seriously the point is the thing that amazes me about him is here is a guy who is like a walking ad for doing drugs
Which I don't you know condone doing hard drugs, but the guy like did every kind of drug
He did everything wrong in his life
He was like a total wreck and he's like 43 years old at least now and his body is in great shape
And if he didn't look like his face didn't look like he just it was an escapee from the monkey jungle
He'd be a hot number, you know I saw him once on Miami Beach
Glotting while he puked. Yeah, it looked like death warm gover, but
Yeah, I'll take him any day. Okay, hey, you'll have to fight me man
Hey, Dale, I'll be calling you a lot more after February first. Why is that because I'll have to tell you a little one
And I'll be able to call my pound line. All right, you know pound IOD calls in the channel for news desk right now
Not that I've been chronically trying to test the rain. Yeah, we'll call up them and tell them pound this
You got it. See you love you now. Okay. How do you like that? See already there's one
For our new cellular one service which starts next Tuesday if we all show up Tuesday
We might just take a day off on Tuesday
In fact Rick and Suds aren't gonna be here at all next week
They're going on vacation next week and they're practicing for it like a little here a little there getting used to it
Or is erosmith might say permanent vacation they might give you use used to that
But anyway, they're in randies doing afternoons next week and jazz is doing nights am I correct about that?
Or is jazz doing nights with Chris next week? Is that part of the deal or is Chris doing this weekend in Tampa?
I kept hearing him say last weekend that he was gonna be doing a show for mess you went this Sunday
I believe pretty sure I'm feeling like maybe like who knows boy look at this convention of board ops
We have in the other room now look at this man. It's just amazing in there
But I'll tell you only one of them is gonna be the big hot shot star at that event on Sunday, man
What's his name? Okay, let's go to color Ridge hello
Color Ridge gone
Sarah lost trust me when I tell you a bunch of geeks in color Ridge. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hey, new god. Yes
Well, I called I heard of what I was on hold where you were gonna be sorry that was gonna be my question
Standard brands you hear that about 20 or 30 times on West Atlantic and Pablo Beach noon to three which way off 95
Orlando which way off 95 yeah from Orlando yeah
Well, you have to get off on the Atlantic Boulevard exit you're coming south and you have to make a
Right okay to Atlantic Boulevard. I you're gonna like this. Yes, you're rising part Mars and
There's a guy that wife's sisters boyfriend. He's lived their always life
You wait me your wife's sister's boyfriend. Yeah, got it
And he's always back to station where there was Tony ballhead
Or something. Yeah, I had a
20 ball DJ. Yeah, yeah, I was on
Port on station in Fort Myers W. W. C. N. And you always said they didn't have an audience right they must not he's lived
Or I think there was no station down here W. W. C. N. Exactly nobody even knows that it exists
Seriously, they I got a copy of the last Arbitron book from the Fort Myers Naples area
They aren't even listed not only don't they show up but when they have the listing in the front of the ratings book of all the stations
They're not even listed. It's like they don't exist
Well, I must not evidently that lost a good thing we keep waiting for you to come
Yeah, 104 up here. Well, we're still working on it feverishly so I'm told I'm told by those people who claimed to know and lie a lot
Oh sure hope so so keep hanging on anyway, it's already I'm gonna truck down to Miami to meet you and everything all right
Where my dolphin jacket? Hope that and get one of those dolphin towels or something but uh
I wouldn't drive around the block see Ron and Ron. I'm coming to Miami to meet you. Okay. We'll see you man. See you
I do like that guy schlepping all the way down from Orlando. That's a tree and of course he's not coming to see Keith Sims
Just a joke Keith. It's 147 at W. I. D. W. S. You end
As far back now. What's got like eggplant and something really erotic on it onions and eggplant
I think from Jeff at pizza lock. I hope you got some long songs you're gonna be playing on the coast of saffron
Because about 45 minutes from now after you eat that trust me when I tell you man
God
That's the new slogan. Wait a minute. That's the new slogan at the pizza lock just one meal and make a sh** every time never fails
Okay, here's a mobile in the Tampa. Hello. Johnny was sniffing the pie. He was sniffing it
He had his nose in it a couple of comments on s u n promotions. Yes, sir
I think it was a stroke of genius that they brought the old y and f logo in on the Ron and Ron billboards here in Tampa
Really? Or did they just or they just paced up the old y and f billboards right and just cut it out and then put in the letters for s u n
Oh, yeah, we're talking. Yes
I want to know you think that's a velvita's thing probably
No doubt he thought of that I would well now we're getting a little carried away probably had to call in a consultant for that
I thought it would maybe was Ron and Ron's people who did it. Yeah, I was a geek
You know what though? He's got these t-shirts that
The months ago I've seen him on the Qt now that's the I think they would be the biggest thing since last year's cow
Yeah, you're talking about the ones country what a country son son country
Is that not a stroke of genius?
And they got the band symbol over them on the back if you turn it on and one of those. Yeah, beautiful lovely
What do you think of that? I think it's a typical man. At least they're consistent
If you had your calendar and one of those
They're being on the band sign now who is this which board off is this calling in?
This sounds like Mike not because this is a board off convention that I'm calling right? Yeah, I believe it
They're wearing feathers and uh and they're doing it. Well have a great day pal. That's a board off
Here's uh, I'm Tony George. Here's Margate. Hello
Margate. How you doing pretty good sir? Okay, that's good. You know, I hate to uh, and not that you have it
P on our parade
We don't have any topic. We've been everywhere from hockey to circumcision and a respite in between
I'm not gonna mention that to you. I think this guy that I had
Listen to while I was on hold to probably should accept that
Seems like he needed more help exactly
Anyway, uh, I'm a PI it's sitting a car all day long. Listen to you and a few months back you had mentioned
I've got a
Subgarine Husky you said he you're one of your pooches had ear mongue
Yeah, and I just dumped about 350 dollars some refrigerated useless stuff from the vet
And I never copied that stuff down that you said worked. Oh jeez. I know
I wasn't even that crap George
Uh for the dogs ears. I got some new stuff. That's the best ever, but I have no idea
Toppagin now that that's good to see if that works T.O.P.A. G.E.N
You got to get it from a vet
But I have some newer stuff that I got this last time and his ears are so clean now that it's frightening over the counter stuff
No, no, oh no, you got to get it from a vet. Yeah, you know, they rip you off like crazy
And you know it really gets me about veterinarians they give these little tiny tubes
That's just one little tiny squirt man, and there's nothing left in there. It's like 20 bucks
I don't care how much it is because I love my dogs and I'm old to pay the price
But at least give me a tube that's enough for like a day, you know
My god, it's a joke
They want you to keep running back and running back and running back. They keep you on a string
It's very topogen
Yep, we'll give it a shot and I'll check the name of that other thing
I'll mention it tomorrow morning if you give a chance to listen
Excellent. I appreciate it. Okay. See you
Speaking of glad he brought that up man. He must be a psychic or a physics
Because I neglected to mention professional pet products the pp guy
PPP is the name of the company in Miami and John plant sends me a box here today a package of all kinds of good stuff
What's in your package man and in the package I open it up and here's all this a dog stuff
No, not that kind of dog stuff. I mean good dog stuff like a shampoo's and
Flea and well, they don't have fleas or ticks
But I mean just loads of it here's a therapeutic cream for like itching and here's some spray conditioner
And just like a whole bunch of skincare stuff
And it's from a guy named John plant who is the vice president of sales for ppp
Professional pet products ink in Miami
And he says congratulations on your continuing success
I must admit I haven't had the pleasure of hearing your show, but understand that it is something else
How do you like that? So we heard it through the rape fine
And he heard that my dogs were having like a little bit of a problem and spends me a whole box of good stuff
So I'm gonna take it home this afternoon
I'm gonna spritz all of it on both dogs at the same time tomorrow. Let's you know how it came out
So what do we say with the least today? I'm getting a message
Put it away in the waste I just need to carry
How about yogurt?
Steve Carey
Well
Oh
Me
In
It's down on me, yeah, I've got to tell you all the things
It's been on my mind, but I've got to say
We're partners in terms, we've got this very company
What should you do to me, take my breath away
You're my enemy, I'm on a street, and you never feel your guilt
If I let go, I'll be ready for the day we see
If I was trapped, we're gonna be together now
I'm on a street, and I'm free with the heat
I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Cause I'm on a street, and you never feel your guilt
Oh!
I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Cause I'm on a street, and I'm free with the heat
I'm on a street, and I'm free with the heat
I'm on a street, and I'm free with the heat
I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Cause I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Cause I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Oh!
I'm on a street, and I'm free with the heat
I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Cause I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Cause I'm on a street, and I can't get you down
Squirt, Squirt
