I'm area code toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star I O D
Now the Neil Roger show on you stock radio 610 W I O D. Oh boy. It's the one to two hour
Coming next year the King of Todd for the trade your hometown
To ring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys. It's Michael
Michael
Yes Michael performs all of the greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson 5
Right from the time the tunes of the Jackson 5 to the classic silver work Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please
Files
I just sit for a while and sensor sensor sensor Michael Jackson
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around so can waiting for a call for my calling call
When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone
I sensor sensor center be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's
dressing room Michael Jackson's benefit
Hey, yeah, Michael. Yes, Bobby. Is that your real skin color?
It's inside with counts, but I know a game that we can play to find out
And if you fly you know it's time to free willy
Hey say say what you want but you know who I
Give a big show. They don't know how to read
But that's your boys
Know and hear the rousing finale yes Michael sings the song he wrote for the show in the world with the Vienna voice choir
Backing him up
Oh
Me
Oh
Me
They make the greatest
Here other great Michael Jackson classics like Billy's jeans
You know how to tell time and of course smooth criminal just Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardo Clancy school
For wayward boys get your tickets now boys under 10 admitted free when a copy by no one
Black
Really
Black
Really
Don't forget coming this Sunday man
This is the big Sunday that we wait for all year long so we can milk it and bleed it and squeeze it and play with it
It's the big draft party this Sunday. Oh, nice. Then you will W. I. D draft party live from to Robbie statement goes on from two to eight
Will be broadcasting from three to eight on the 200 level gates open at two at two and the party is free to the public
How do you like that dolphin select to see day on the same day by the way the first 1500 people get a 610 W. I. D sports fan bag filled with all kinds of
Hazarai prizes and valuable certificates and stuff that we are cleaned out from the closet, okay?
So come on out. I'll be there everybody's gonna be there George going to be there Sunday
Come on
Huh he said unlikely maybe huh
Probably maybe victory will be there with your $20 but I doubt it here's a mobile in Miami. Hello on a Broward line
Hey, I tried to call Friday, but it was so busy. It was like impossible to get through. Boy. I wish I had that feeling today
I want to be bad for Monday not too great. Okay. It's been all right. Okay. Yeah, isn't that something when the best game of the year is one at
You lost that's a pretty sad comment. Yeah
Well, the best part of it was when that guy dumped Benito right on his ass
I loved it. That was the highlight for me too. He just he he went
You know in fact, it was kind of like a half-hearted thing, you know the ball
It was you know he ducked out of the way and hit the bat didn't even hit him and then he got up and he kind of looked at the umpire like
Well, I think I played enough today. Let me get out of here
And he like went
When sipping out there and a guy just picked him up and threw him down like a matchstick
It was beautiful
Why did you call on Friday?
You made an analogy saying that
Wayne High's Ingle would came to everybody's door and
Ten million dollars then came back and took it back. I would like to make an amendment to that
He came to everybody's door and then it gave them ten million and came back and said well
We made a mistake give us back two million and keep eight
Yeah, that's not a perfect world, but we got tomorrow into the past there. So what the hell?
Exactly what's everybody getting their nose out of joint four about Wayne
I don't say something all true
Colorado
There are tendances down to how much how much they draw on 75,000 now I
Dr.
Briefly whether they drop as much as the Marlins yeah, but everybody's down a little bright everybody's got to go down a little bit
Right, we might get two million this two million would be reasonable
That and so and so the good part of it is if you lost money last year drawn three million
He loses asked doing two million this year so everybody should be happy about that. So what are they bet you about?
What did he come out and say they lost money last year? Absolutely. They did say that. Yes, they did
And they do three million people
I could tell you how we could save a million half real fast. I could tell you how it could save three point eight million
Speaking of throwing down like a matchstick
Yeah, well you add them together. That's five and a half million bucks to get them out of ten
Right what the hell is he waiting for? I'm getting more testing by the moment thinking about those two thinking about that pair
Okay, take care. Okay, see you. Boy that was quick
Okay, we have an open line and day and seven five one in fact
Maybe John Crock could come over and play first base. Okay?
Maybe what we not what we don't need is more test these maybe what we need is a guy who can hit the ball, huh?
That's something to think about
No more test these at first base. We just traded for John Crock
All the Broward lines are wide open and I'm getting really pissed off about it at five two four nine four six three
Are we going a little bit too fast five two four WI? Oh, D. Okay, you got it
12 after one at WI OD and WS UN
Here's this story again this bubble my see superstar Janet Jackson's 40,000 dollar black range rover was returned to where less than two hours after she reported the theft from her
Malibu mansion why I'm not gonna go through this long story about the LAPD and how they beat the crap out of the car
The reason she got it back is because she had a low jack tracking device buried in her bowels of her car
That's right and low jack the best auto security system available is that one of a kind stolen vehicle recovery device that everybody needs
If you really want to have a chance to get your car back after it's stolen fast in one piece while it's still worth getting back
And right now when you buy your low jack recovery unit for that one time cost to 595 bucks
You also get a free let me say it again
Absolutely positively free remote activated car alarm along with your low jack unit
So how to help can you beat that no added monthly fees no hidden charges no installation cost
Absolutely positively free with a one-time charge your 595 bucks for your low jack
So check it out with your south floor to new car dealer or call a lane for all the straight information toll free
No obligation
153 low jack that's
1535
6522
Now the big news every weekday morning is Rick and Sutt's right here
A label
What is a Buffalo bill made free with each other naked in the streets
This is for that guy called for Tampa before he lives on queer street linkers rounds on queer street
He has a house and garden I would love to see what happens
Hases toes and pets is monkey women's clothes make him look real funky
Has a whiz whiz and knows what to do
He wants me
And he
Don't you
Oh
He lives on queer street
Here at Thor for all the creatures
I wonder what they're doing
He doesn't like to just find
Like
You know
Okay, so a vocal branch listing George has it's okay the next time we play that we just play that one little musical bridge
And we just forget the rest of it. It's 117 at W. I. O. D. And here's Yankee town again. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, I'll let's talk to you last week. I know. Okay. I was just wondering if you brought that paper in what paper's that you said
Oh, that's right. I was gonna bring in the odds for who was it green Bay green Bay? No, I did not but I'll do it tomorrow
So you don't ever ask me to do something on a Friday like over the whole long weekend because my memory won't hold it that long
That's why I called you today. I don't want to be crying for anything
No, I'll but I did think of it because it's sitting right on my living in my kitchen table. I figured I'd refresh you a little bit. Yeah
So I'll bring that sheet into tomorrow. I got to go with all my other sheet. Yeah, I turned on the radio
And you got a guy on the weekend billhoundry. Yeah, I think he plays on Saturday sometime. He plays it on Saturday
He was doing something with tomorrow in baseball
Are you aware of what happened Saturday? No, I'm not no it was bad
I mean
Yeah, I mean he was calling the game, but I don't think the game was going it was against the Giants. Yeah play a Giants game Saturday
Uh-huh. Oh, so he did the game?
You're asking me was he the one that called the game not the not for really wasn't no
Oh, I'm sorry because he had maybe he was just fun in you, you know
Maybe it was just like make believe like Phil generally tends to be like make believe
Well, see now that's what I thought but I it went on for about old good hour. Well sure killed some good time. Oh obviously
There you go. I turned it off and I was like
And it was like and he he he swings
Oh, no strike. Oh, nope. Is he's going back back back back back back back
He's out. I'll tell you one thing Bob Green is enchanted with Phil Henry. He has a love affair
And I think Phil's got some old pictures too. So well, I mean we love Phil Henry. It was a different kind of show
Yeah, it's different
If it was a baseball game he's
Yeah, but considering it wasn't about baseball game. He's not so bad. Right there you go. Okay
I'll bring that in for you tomorrow, Palli. If you wouldn't please me closing. Yes, I feel
You're a douchebag. Okay. See you
Two open lines of Broward that call was from Yankee Town
So that hardly qualifies as a Broward call five two four nine four six three
Maybe they're all at Harrison's market in sunrise. Is that possible?
Maybe they're getting ready to help Cheryl kosher her house
Let's go to the keys on the starline hello
Yes, sir when I'm starting us to you when is to you man?
Bota sata. Yeah, well, yeah, not too early still
That was a hell of a Marlins game yesterday. I was watching it on canada feint date today
Yeah down here and listening to it on the radio was that till Henry that was calling it on the radio?
evidently. Yeah, I'll be damn he's doing his impersonation to Joe Angel
You know later while I was reading the latest issue of
South Florida magazine and their article on Wayne's big land grab
So you know, it's gotta be true because it was in South Florida. Yeah, I was thinking he wants to change the name of the stadium
Now I don't want anybody to take this idea away from me now. You know how they changed the
The name of Cape Canaveral to Cape Kennedy and everybody got all upset
Yeah, and so they called it the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral right I have the idea that you could maybe call it the
Blockbuster football arena at Joe Robby Stadium. There you go
I want anybody to take that
From a serious one right I wanted to be strictly mine and Wayne's got to pay me money for this. Okay
We'll send over a little sack for a little later on okay, Rowan? Yeah, that sounds great
Okay, but I want you to know that I do go to the gym, but I don't hang out. Okay
I had the same cable accident the bunny had the other day except I had it during a rick and such show
And it got me so excited. I stuck my snooze bar together, you know with the radio clock radio thing. See ya. Thanks
Don't kid me about these guys who hang out at the gym. Okay. Don't try to give me a song at a dance
But you guys running around real sweaty almost naked showering together don't the I bet you made a change out of the gym a lot
You know probably let's do a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to call about Phil Hendry's broadcast on saturday. It was absolutely brilliant
There you go. He was so fantastic. He called about seven innings of an imaginary game. Wow
He had
Joey Angel mighty into the game was brought out of the broadcast booth in a straight jacket because he was getting too crazy
Yeah, he had with his he was saying things like and the ball's going back back back back
It's gonna be is that the warning track. He's at the wall. I'm not starting to swing at the ball. It was a ball
There's a midget in the front row with a hot dog and mustard the light was shining off
So it was really great, huh?
With terrific. Okay. Thanks Bob Bob Green calling in ladies and gentlemen
We have an open line and Brad now Bob Green thinks that Phil Hendry is the greatest things in sliced halivar
He just obsessed with that man
So who the hell am I to argue because he gives me lot of free baseball tickets? It's 122 and WIOD and WSUN
Look like a
I need to stick it out. It's an out to be the tale of a comedian that has been riding the
The swell up and down
Why in there
Commodore yeah, what color was he at this time?
Kind of a dark brown okay, yeah, but the squeeze is a little stomach and grabs his little chin and
Can't blew it right in there is that right Rick and suds weekday mornings on 610 WIOD
Afternoon it too. It's the goddess Rendy Roads right here
Where
This is Mike Brophy senior writer with the hockey news. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers
Bus is on in Miami
Walking down the stairs
It didn't see hangs like a stick in out. Oh, oh
Bob the grab the handrail
But Gary greased it good
You won't be signing anybody out. Hey stupid. Oh feeling pain is typical and working in this place
Nothing you ain't worth nothing unless you're working for free
Oh bus your ass or bus your arm. It's all the same to me
Busting it is good enough for me
Good enough for me and Bob a green
Very timely as usual because Bob green and Wayne Husingy both made their money most of their money and pretty much the same thing which was George
Waste management right. Okay, let's go to clear water. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah, king Neil. Yes, sir
Previous week right was I here I wasn't here right I mean the last week not
Exactly. Yeah, whatever you say I'm agreeable to
All right
And this is a velcro Avenger Ron Jeremy. Yeah, and this was the Saturday following Kirkko Bane suicide
And down I for I kid you not the next morning. There was already graffiti all the way down
I was heading west for the east route. I'm sorry and there was our country graffiti the whole way
So that's pretty much the
Happenings around here with our people who love him so much. Yeah, and also I got another thing on big lightning fan
I'd like to congratulate the panthers don't get enough for the first season right and I think they're doing a great job
And it's kind of ironic that the aisles people rightening and then you guys you know you guys B. P. I. So that's pretty much doesn't seem fair
But life isn't fair. No, that's what Jimmy Carter said look what happened to him. Yeah, I see you
Okay, and real quick, real quick
I'd like to thank you in advance for keeping me up there
I'm sure you will next week and for the next two months and all the time I'm going on we'll have highlights that
You haven't even been invented yet
And not even with Phil Henry like the real thing
Trivel up penis is that what he said something like that well, I bet you there's people weren't listening at the beginning today
Wilson the lone poet
Five on three in the Bruins trail to one
Thought this cleared out good play by Wilson try to break the back for it Wesley
Why need
Oh
Start again, I am pretty along with
How I over the line with stuff in the middle a shot block
Get there by Wesley you lose in shot block
Another one
So anyway, I guess I was right about that Boston Washington trade, huh not
Sorry, I afraid he's playing his brains out for the Bruins. So I'm not perfect. Okay. Here's the hell on Dale. Hello
I'm
We have two open lines a date on the J. Row Keach line 751 W. I. O. D. and one on the purple line
At the pound I. O. D. Come on. Let's pound it man. Let's pound it for posterity and see what happens
Here's a lady in Boka hello
Mom, I'm Mia. What's it? I mean? I'm so happy. I'm not on that. He's like oh
That was like a Chevy dealer remember of fines Maron Chevrolet
Could be it sounds sounds like it. I'm so glad that you got to go to Italy in rough 30. I was with my relative
Manajela, Missouri. Oh, did you get to see him some great?
Prepare a Lamakina. Oh, you are very very
Fabrizio you know in my favorite restaurant by the way
There's a waiter his name is Fabrizio
But I did not let him prepare Lamakina
Since I didn't have one anyway
Did you get to stop on some grape while you were over there? No, I did not
Next time there's a little town my aunt Jenny
Goes there and not Jenny. I didn't say Jenny now for people out here. I'm Italian now see
Jenny Jenny and she um every so she's about 350 pounds, you know and she's gone for those grapes
I don't know the town is somewhere
Somewhere in the boot somewhere. Yeah, probably Krolyone probably yeah, but you know what I already see Rakuza
And sisterly I don't know um, I wanted to give you some information about the lady that called before was that your mother or no my mother don't call a show
One thing about this show. I don't have no relatives calling this show and I don't call them and let's keep it that way
Yeah, Mark. Oh, is he just that much could have been your mother she was talking about a shower hood? Oh, that was the
Kakamon lady. Oh, I try to listen most of the time I'm in the car and I can't hear you over my cursing as the other
Some some time known as the
Lady oh, I see you should leave her in charge when you go away. Yeah, she should do the show. That's a good idea
You little voice on her. She has that innocence. Yeah, everybody loves her. It's cute. Um, I know where she can get a hood from okay
You have to call tell us the call Sally beauty supply
There's one in just that every town on both our pompano. I don't know where she's from Sally beauty supply
Sally beauty supply and they'll have her over there. They have everything and that you can use in the shower
They're from radios in the shower and all kinds of chairs if you can't stand up
Chairs you know what I'm talking about for people like geriatrics. I can't
Can't show
Yeah, really? I swear to you. And what are they doing? Well, it's like a school
That's probably what they're doing. Yeah, oh
Oh, yeah, probably softens it up a little bit. It is so hard. Yeah
Constipation
I guarantee there aren't too many constipated attaions. Oh, no, not with all that bottled water. They drink congas of course
Oh, that's right and between that and the wine and everything and all, you know, keeps you real regularly
Telling birds stop for uppers. So you got to like lay off the bread sometimes, you know
Hard to do
Especially those breadsticks. God, I love the breadsticks. Oh
Mom, Amelia
A lot of hairy ones
No, I don't see any
Like a lot of times like my friends if they're not Italian they'll look onto my armpits when I'm wearing like a short-leaf shirt
Summer, you know, I know they're looking just a few of those damn gypsy women
With their basums hanging out carrying those young babies with those schmathas and their little bratty kids running around
The distracting you while they separate you from all your valuables. Oh, no
Hitting you had to be careful the gypsies the gypsies. I know right even even in Italy
This is it but I'm glad you had a good time and I'm the best I asked you one question because you gamble a lot
You go to Vegas my parents went to Mississippi on a casino
And I haven't heard from them in three days. What do you think happens to them?
Is it safe out here or
My knives. They're gone. I mean, I'm just hope they left there. Remember you in the will
Oh god don't sit at some really worried and it's a number two is five magic five or something don't worry about
Somebody disappears for a couple of days. Just they come like I do all the time. Uh-huh
Okay, 24 hours though, right on the boat so she may stay over on the boat. They'll be there for days
Yeah, okay, plunge in there guts up. Maybe they got lucky. Maybe I hope so. Okay. Thank you very much. Got you
Okay, bye bye now. Prago
We have an open line and date seven five one one and another green line what
uh-uh
Those cigars are killing me man
No more food no more cigars. Stop already stop the insanity god damn it. You notice she's like as good as bald now
She's like bald
Oh, and what the hell infomercial did I see yesterday? I should have written it down. It was the most acidine
It's called uh
It's about how to tighten up your butt make your cheeks. What do they call it? Have you seen that?
Cheeks like steel or something like that buns of steel buns of steel man. I beaten in that restaurant
Bones of steel as in it is so hard talk about giving new meaning to the term hardass
I'm serious. This is an infomercial. It's one of these exercise things how to have buns of steel. Oh
God
136 at WIOD and WSUN well if you want to have like buns of steel without doing that
How about losing some weight my people the way to start and you want to do it easily and painlessly all
Tristlim fast is the way to
Go trust me because all Tristlim fast shakes are delicious and nutritious in fact each shake is loaded with 19 vitamins and minerals
And you don't have to starve to that because you have one for a delicious shake for breakfast another one for lunch
They're loaded with fiber. They give you that full feeling and then you have a sensible dinner like real food
Not some pre-packaged garbage, but like a real dinner and it's gonna help you shed those pounds effortlessly
Just take a puke at Angelian man. She's been doing it and so will you too give all Tristlim fast a chance to work for you
Give it a week. It'll take off the weight
Pick up all Tristlim fast product at stores just about every place. Hey football fan Rick and suds weekday mornings right here
You
It's hard it is very hard
Many of us may not be getting enough
Yes
It's
When it's bigger it's better
It's
My best it came out of my dreams and into my life. Oh how it makes me feel fine
It's
Beautiful
Join Rick and suds in D-Full at highly a speedway this Saturday night 7 30 to 10 30 night of exciting racing
And they're gonna be like aren't they having anything some kind of competition
And I think D-Full is gonna like pick up Rick Riley and slam Duncan just like they did with the Benito the other day
That ought to be fun to watch here's Rosewood on a starline. Hello
Hello
Starline
I read the ditch up a yours up at you knows
Here's Boka hello. Hey new. Yes, sir. This film Henry Swallow is spent and is he currently?
Let's go to Aspab green. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
First time caller. Uh-huh and joy your show very much. Yes
You were talking about racing. I went to high alia on Saturday. See and
seen the big race there. Yeah when they had the winner
I looked down in the winter circle and it looked like they should have played the godfather's theme
With the wide-brem half hats and the black shirts and silk ties really and
So I asked the fellow next to me
So are these people yeah, they own the horse and they own the track
It's the same
So if you're going to high alia and you want to win
Then you bet on the owner's horse. Yeah, that's a good idea
Yeah, and one of the things like when you went to Tampa Baydowns when George Steinbrenner was the owner
You bet on George Steinbrenner, which I think that's the way it works. Yeah
That on his horse well there's one other thing that amused me there
But when you go to pop no park don't necessarily bet on the horse owned by castle and farms because it's still running
Oh, yeah, yeah, but one other thing amused me there. There was a in the program a lady owned the horse
Her name was Mrs. E. H. Cox
Yeah, C. K. S. Yeah, and a jockey in that same race
Was named Marlon Sucky Suki Suki. Okay. Have a great day pal. Hey
This guy's out of control man too many wide brimmed hats. I think we have an open line and date
751 and one on the green line at 1 800
Cox a hoist here's the four-letter deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah
One-time listener first-time caller. Okay
You're talking about the house. I was just going back from Scandinavian on sunrise there. Yes
My house probably been there 13 years right and you're right. You're so right about what's going on in there
We have showers in there that yes
For showers and you got to turn around with it with a big stall with six showers
That's where they all go to the gay people everything. Yeah, and they're in there stroking and doing everything making noises when they you know
This has been going on for years. Yeah, and then we put a bat and they put a bathroom and they went to lock okay
You have your regular bathrooms
They even took the locks under that bathroom. Yeah, because people were locking the door. They took the locks out of the bathroom
I didn't put them on the bagels no dog. Yeah, yeah, because we were having sex in there locking the door really
But we really took me out I was coming back and you were talking on the radio the airport sounds like the club bats to me
Yeah, well whatever but
What happened when you were talking about the house? I said I got a call you on this because of in the sauna and now they cut the steam
The steam is broken and they're not gonna fix it because they're having they said they're having too much sex in there at night
Yeah, and yeah, this is how much is too much? Uh, hello. I know, but I'm just saying
I don't know if they know it too much. Are they if they taking a survey? Maybe they're having just enough
Yeah, but I'm just kind of this stuff is going on. It's unbelievable
When it starts affecting you like that, right? I mean, I don't care if people can do what they want
I mean, but do you know have you know courtesy or whatever?
It's at least a polish hour curtain shot. Well, there's no shower curtain. Well, there you go
That's what we need that would stop all of that now that now they're cutting out the steam which affects us
Right, and that's not fair. I mean, you know, it's not right
You know, and when I heard that I said I got a call you much bring the steam back man. That's what we say. Okay, okay
I don't see it
I would think it'd give pretty steamy in there anyway, wouldn't you? Huh?
Yeah, there you go. He ought to know
A man who's spent most of his time sharring with other jokts
I wouldn't be surprised if mandatry would like Steve Stone and maybe even Rusty stop and look robotized. But what do I know
Let's go to a plantation. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you?
Pretty good. Uh, a couple things I want to ask. What do you think of that hanky-panky going on at the uh Scandinavian, huh?
Hey, yes, it's the reaches on I guess. Yeah, I think that guy was kind of enjoying it. Yes. Let me ask you question please two things
Uh number one, I'm going to Vegas myself June 3rd. I hear by a minute peace and then you you're going as well or or if you just went
What do you mean if I just went? Did you just go to Vegas?
No, I did not just go. I've been there about eight million times and we got a thing we're going in June a whole group of us
What what day I'm leaving June 30 you're going to be in 16? June 15 16. Oh, that should be a good time
I'm staying over the X caliber you recommend a nice place. So I see. Yeah
Okay, that should be a good time. Yeah, I've never been before
Great. You've never been to Vegas before
Oh my god, and you'll be right next door to the Luxor and right across the street from the brand new big gigantic MGM grand
I can't wait. You're going to think you died and went to heaven my friend. I'm serious. I just might stay a few extra days
Oh, you're in seed
One more thing I wanted to ask you I sent over eight facts. I believe on Friday. I don't know if you will
How could you never have been in Vegas?
Well, I'm just I never really had the chance to get up and go
You just don't you just don't sound like the geese are you from New York of course? Yes, ma'am
How could you never been to Vegas? You sound like a kind of a guy who's been around a little bit
Well, that's for sure and I've been my shares of the Mohamed's casinos
Please please
I want a full report when you get back you're going to think that you just discovered the mother load. Oh, that would be my pleasure
One quick lesson to I sent you I don't know if you got it on Friday
I sent the facts over on a friend of mine works for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office and I know
Oh the Kathy Willow's thing. Did you get it? Yeah
I just figured I'd share that with you. I was thinking you get a kick at it
Yeah, with the part about the flashlight was interesting. What the hell were they looking was like a surge party
Got only those what they find in there
Like one I can ask you one quick question. There might be like a whole community in there at this point. Yes
Yeah, I bet you're right. I never and I saw the thing about the shaving and I understood it was 10 dollars by hand at 20 by mouth
That must have been interesting. Yeah
I'm having a teacher sharpened first
Have a great day paling I'll recall you would have report from Vegas. Okay, take it in plunge your guts
147 at WI OD in WSUM if you've ever applied for a mortgage
You know what a real pain in the asset can be you wait for the application
You wait again for the bank to review all the paperwork you wait and wait
Instead of waiting what you really want is to be moving into that new house
Well at prime mortgage investors the waiting game stops their professional loan officers
Work hard to make sure that your loan application is processed quickly and efficiently and because residential
Mortgages are all that prime mortgage does you're working with the experts not only they offer one of the fastest turn around times
But they also have the lowest rates with programs for condos and homes and investors and also no income verification loans
Priming a mortgage investors loan programs are so flexible that if you're a creditworthy borrower
They can find exactly the right mortgage just for you your mortgage is primes only businesses is important to them as it is to you
So call the residential mortgage hotline today for more information and speak to one of prime mortgage investors
Professional loan officers call today 446
49
79
446
4979 if you're tired of waiting if you're tired of playing games call prime mortgage investors the residential mortgage
Specialists
There's only one way to cover south florida traffic you've got to cover all three counties a
Broward home beach you've got to have more traffic report at least six every hour during rush hours
And there's only one station in south florida that goes this far to get reliable traffic information to you every day
South florida's news talk and entertainment station use talk radio 16
W I O D
This is computer
And
Tell me my
Do you think vegetables have rights?
Do you have secret little tea parties with your broccoli then you need veggie anonymous our ten step plan begins with the deep programming by an ex-slaughter house employee
Mr. Oscar Meyer explains
Study number 52 blossom before veggie anonymous. You are an irritating holier than not tree hugger. weren't you yes?
I was I began eating carrots and apples then grass on leaves
Soon I couldn't eat anything living I ate dust and fog I hit rock bottom when I actually thought
Linda McCartney had talent
That's when we took off a wheat-died blossom down and shove burgers down our throat for three days
She came around they always do
Steak anyone
If your loved one is becoming an annoying vegetarian call veggie anonymous now
1-800 tofu sucks
152 at W I O D here's the lady in market. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you?
It's my anniversary. Well wow
Ben and team years Neil
That's forever Neil a lifetime
Lifetime and he gave me the best present really he's not here. Oh, that is the best present
The gift of absence
He's in Ohio and he complained that it was cold like I care and so I called to
Well, she's in the happy anniversary even though he's not here to hear it right these are very big
Santa yours me turn me on to you
So in response I would like to say thank you and how sweet how sweet of me
And has anyone made a request for the week Miguel today? Yes, I have
Okay, well, I'm out for tomorrow. Tomorrow's the week Miguel's birthday by the way
Oh wow wait a second. Wait a second. What is this? Oh, this goes in here and I
Okay, I'm not touching it
Uh, how about for tomorrow says birthday so we can do like a whole bunch of stuff tomorrow
How about two?
You didn't see the show last night, huh? No, I didn't but I've been listening this morning sounds like it was a great time
It was a great show was on univision, which is on channel 23 locally and if people would have told us about it a lot more people
Would have watched it but nobody knew it was gonna be on
I only knew by accident and then it's like five after nine and fat rich calls me and says oh
I was watching some of the Marlon game against the Giants which was on in Spanish by the way in 23 and I saw a promo for this
And I thought you might want to know and I said well, I'm watching the penguins game right now
But I do know and get lost, you know, but it was great and he did sing two
He's saying like a he's saying about the eight million songs and he's saying a medley of about a whole bunch of them and then he's saying a very long
Dragged out version of la incoondition out two and it was great
And I miss all that and then
I'm either they get through here when they every time you thought it was over
He would come back with less and less clothes on and then finally came back with the suit was gone
And the jacket was gone and he had like a black shirt that would like first with two buttons open
And then open almost all the way to the public and kept like accidentally falling wide open
And he kept pretending like he was trying to close it up
But he wasn't and he was like sweating profusely and just
oozing oozing he was oozing and everybody else was oozing. Yes
It's my kind of guy guy who uses
Well in in closing I like how Jefferson Fieldhouse is douchebag. Okay. I love you
Have a happy bye bye
Miami beach on the a pound line
What is that
What is it I think right hold
We're on hold how can we be on hold on the pound line
Although it is real scratchy we're on hold with music on hold on a cellular phone
Huh, I don't think so not for this kid. Here's Kate coral. Hello
Hey, Daniel. Yeah
Listen to you watching his pants sports in our last night. No, I did not
at a little
Thanks about how my enemy teams have choked this year. Yeah
You know
Yeah, there was a piece in that in the paper
I think Dave hides column this morning about how he's read the dolphins choked and they blew the playoffs
And the panthers kind of choked and they didn't do the playoffs and the heat now are choked
It's so tight that it they've cut off its oxygen. It can't breathe anymore. It's gasping
Why is that well maybe it goes with the territory
Okay, listen, you know what to call the dolphin ticket office and they play
Thrash the lando el pollo para acá. Yeah, they put your own hold and they play the
Baddie radio call what they do
Yeah, I thought you had something to do with them because the one with a Dallas game where
Managers are right. Yeah, they play that well, they play the whole thing, but at the end of it they play yes
Yes, yes, are you serious? Yes, and that's not that's from the Colton. Yes, right and so and then another one at the end of it they played
Managed doing yes
I was on I would want distance in about 10 minutes. Yeah, but man on hold just to listen. Oh, it was pretty good beauty
I'll take all the credit for it. I did it
Who's that?
Not yet. Maybe feel hungry
oh
I'm going to be a little bit more
Goodbye
You're not afraid of the sea
You're not afraid of the sun
You're not afraid of the sun
You're not afraid of the sun
You're not afraid of the sun
You're not afraid of the sun
It's possible because of this
I'll always be here.
George Quirk.
South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio six ten W I O D Miami
Fort Lauderdale.
