Okay, right? Everybody's gonna vote the best for the state's money. Yeah, and that is
What we need yeah, what is that?
calculation and money
Gambling gonna do it. Yeah, sure no chance. Don't think so no chance right
Come on because I'm being honest. Okay, it's gonna pass in there. It's gonna pass you to get out of here
I can't stand you you got a whiny voice you're nauseating you're disgusting you have nothing to say you talk like some kind of a retard
And you're you're the problem if you just move out of the state we'd have a chance
Please you can do it before tomorrow before it's too late get on a bus get on a gay. How and get out of here
The latest pull but and I don't know who made up the story
I'm gonna talk to Harold Durist and I had a pomp and a park and find out why he gave me that bum information
And I'm sure it wasn't Harold probably one of his
Tropican doers there who try to keep the hope alive gave him some false information two weeks ago
I never saw that pull where allegedly had drawn even Steven the newest pull 55% against
39% in favor and 6% on the side of that there's that there's not 1% more
They spent all these millions of dollars with all these TV spots with all those radio spots. We had with Gilbert on them
I'll get my guy's got let's vote for a gambit. You remember those spots and there is not 1% more of the people
Accord of the polaro pulls our full of crap
But let me tell you something baby. This ain't got no chance. No way Jose
Which is a commentary on the fact that we still live in the same state
We always did a day late and 50 million years short in the dark ages in the stone age
Does this come as a surprise that anybody not to me?
Not at all
There was some woman showed up Saturday through a moat
It's funny because her mother who was the senior citizen. She's voting for it
She's all for it. She's of it. She says all her friends unfortunately are against it all her old cock her friends
And then her daughter who was like I would say I don't know 35 40 whatever she was fat
But she was screaming and if that rich was trying to like reason with her can't we your reason can't we talk together as
Eli Wallach said in the godfather 3 before they stuff the canola's in his purse somebody should have stuffed something in this bitch's
his purse and
She's carrying on I want that river bro. I want to go on a cruise. I don't want it here
I'm not gonna in there. I'm never gonna go on. I'm never gonna have a state of
Compaxance against the constant. She was jumping up and down like freaking Rumpel Stiltskin
Talk about a post to it. She was herniating over it. She was messin up. She had like six period depends on
And she still was dribbling down on the floor. She was so psychotically against it
Because hey, it just makes too much sense because we know gambling is even so I'll see if the track tonight I guess
Two open lines in date 751 one on the green line 1 890 4 4 9 4 6 3 10 35 at W. I.O.D
Yeah, push
Okay, Mr. Jackson this will only take a moment. Just want to get a couple of more
Mug shots here. I'm gonna should drop your pants around your knees here and turn this way
That's good. Oh, that's good. I love it. I love it. Give me a little more. That's right. All right bend over just that's right. Hey, you got it now
See it the whole thing was from that
National and fire. Yeah, hi. I used to work for the LA district attorney's office and I got some pictures here in front of me that
You might be interested in
1040 at W. I.O.D
Thanks by the way a lot of people brought by birthday cards and Saturday
It was very nice and thanks to people who brought by like little a charge fees and gift although quite frankly most of them now are in the garbage in a
Plastic bag out by the street. It's amazing how much
People send in and bring by and drop off and you know stuff like that. They mean well
I guess they're just they got nobody else will take it but thanks anyone and also
Sherry Philancy stopped by our good old friend who's been using the show to applaud her thing although she did want to buy some spots on the station
But the Jeff Clark or Rick Alpo were both said well you don't want to spend the 50,000 a week
We know I'm little you know little players like you we want the big guys
But anyway, she's got that beautiful mailbox company
That's the name of the store in the Davie and she said just from the one mention on either day we spoke on the year
She had 12 people come in and buy mailboxes. So I said on Monday
I'm gonna mention you again Sherry because you're a wonderful person and you work in radio and we're smart enough to get out of it
4200 South University driving Davie they make they install they sell
Beautiful mailboxes. That's I guess why it's called a beautiful mailbox company
So nice going Sherry got yourself a nice plug and I'll just keep them making up some free spots for you because they don't want to take your money
All the day lines who open out this is a very strange Monday isn't it for this town sure
751 W.I. Would you we need a lot more calls like that for peace on the guy who called before who had nothing to say and speaking of having nothing to say
There she is
I think I can look yeah, I was worried Friday
When you're left early I figured you're
My thing you know I never should have come in here anyway, but I felt a desperate need to come in and promote our thing on Saturday and
It paid off believe me. I never would have had that crowd if I didn't come in here at least for three hours
Out of a cigarette your color
It's it's coming along, but it's slow it takes before I get all this crap out of my system
Yeah, however long it takes to get this garbage out of your system, then then I'll be better
My nephew came down for the weekend and one home six for the phone. Yeah, I
Will you tell me the call you I went on the discovery service. Yeah, they should only drop does it really really I agree
The ship
Mm-hmm as a climb to fly to fairs to get up
Hey, and
Food was from hunger. Yeah, I told you yeah
Yeah, the biggest scam the biggest ripoff
I guess if you're somebody it's got no taste at all and no brains the cruise ship thing is for you
But if you buy any taste if you if you know the difference between real food and direct between having a real good time
And just being con and being separated from a few bucks then that's the deal
I will never go again not me no way. Oh, so if I could tell you how many cruises I've been offered over the years by these
Sponsors that want to use them manipulate me and try to do a you know a brainwashing job so I can come on here and lie to the public
There ain't no chance baby no way
Including including that Vegas cruise that thing that they keep peddling the track
You know again, it's for parochial little people who have never been to Vegas
You don't know what a real good place isn't what a fun town it. They you know, it's it's for idiots
Like some of the people that's a track, but I don't want to mention anybody by name again
Well, anyway, I only lost
$25 well, that's not bad
It's better than 390 you would have been fine if he would have had a good time in the food would have been good
But now it seems like 45
Never again never again. Yeah, I suppose you're a lot of people and you know
Yeah for the thing I know let's not waste their time. Okay. Yeah, let's not it's just not gonna happen here
This just isn't the place for this is a place for early bird specials
You're right. You're right. You're right. Okay. Okay
Happy Hanukkah. Yeah, it's coming any minute
It was I am skipping coming for happy. Thanks. Giving. Yeah, go stuff a turkey
Yeah, thank you to
Two open lines in day 751 W I O D one and brow are five two four nine four six three
By the way, the Julio they called on Friday that said that drinking a lot of water is good for the prostate and will really help the problem
Absolutely correct sir didn't need he didn't charge me a dime didn't give me any shots
Didn't send any pills over here. He just called giving you some good advice. I've had drinking water up the ant well up the anose
And I'm drinking some right now as a matter of fact and
He's absolutely correct. In fact, this is Naya now where the hell is this? This is mineral water imported from
How Canadian a Canadian natural spring water in a YA those Canadians they put an a after everything
Maybe it's really from New York and they just took a couple of ease in there, but anyway, it's not too bad
I mean, you know if you're a connoisseur you'd the different waters really do have different tastes
But I'm trying but like the three bottles of different stuff and I'm telling you that's what just keep drinking it and drinking it
And you'll be peeing your brains on having a good time here's North Miami on the purple line. Hello. Yeah, God. Yes, sir
How are you doing? I'm doing fine. I
Listen to the game on Sunday. Yes, and I was like sleeping recorders of the way and so was the team by the way
And most of the crowd it was great thing everyone
Like we pulled it out of there
That's a damn good thing we did too because it would have been really embarrassing
We outplayed them so dramatically and at game O.J. McDuffy was unconscious and
Before we got hurt Parmaly was having a great game and in spikes and Saxon both came in and did very very well
There at the end boom and the Danny even with that interception
He just the didn't lose his composure this week and kept us cool and you know never had it out and we stuck it right to him
I was going down crying when PD missed his 32 yarder
Yeah, but he did that on purpose. He wanted he knew was coming like that
And he want to have a chance to be the big hero. He's got a big ego and he want to have a chance to pull it out
Yeah, you said you're not going to do any more insiders to do promoting other ways. Yeah, I read it. Okay, I love this again
Yeah, I felt like a huge football for Randy Road
You can get like one twice as big. We're not getting anything
And I'm sure that mine isn't twice as big as Randy's not from what I hear
I think you got it backwards
You get out of it in Italy is cookies for us today. Anyway, I think you're messing night on our mother's a little
Love the well the other day. Oh little lias. Yeah, those were the best
When you hear that sound hitting when you hear the stuff hitting the bag you'll know that I got a bunch
Have a great day paling loving you see you
Two open lines in day 751 W I O D one and brown and five two four the purple line is open
It's cellular one pound I O D another really hyperactive Monday here on your dead dead station
Deathnell station
But boy, they sure friendly at those appearances man on Saturday. They sure oh man
They're just kissing and grabbing and squeezing and loving and just emoting all over the table
And then of course there was Cindy my good born again Christian friend trying to spread her propaganda
So help me honey if you are what's wrong with this world people like you if you want to believe your bubble
Myces if you want to go look for the a virgin Mary on a slice of
Salami if you want to go look at a burrito supreme with beans whatever you like go ahead and have a good time
But stay out of my face stop trying to twist other people's arms and bring us into the dark ages with you
Okay, with all your superstition focus focus and kaka
All your kaka exactly
1047 at W I O D
Snapple is the best man make no mistake about it and somebody in fact included a can
It was our friend from the video place good guy brought some good the porno's Mitch Mitch and what I see
I wasn't gonna give him a plug now you want to start probably say video waves dude okay
Just because he provides you with a lot of pornographic crap me I think while you can have both of the ones he brought me the Peter North one and the other one
You can even have that picture Ron Jeremy well. Yes, it's got women in it of course
What do you think it is some kind of a bag thing?
Might be
Anyway, what I started to say is they put some other brand of iced tea in the box there a little can of it by the way
And the note on oh, it's better than snapple
You know Mitch you were doing real well until you got to that
I've tasted the other crap and believe me crap is the operative word if they couldn't lick snapples as
Okay, if they try
Snapple makes real brood iced teas brood drinks natural soda snap up for all you super jocks
Seltzes and they're all out of this world. They're all natural. There's no artificial anything
No preservatives no additives no artificial coloring and they're made from the best stuff on earth
So you know it's good for you and great tasting at the same time everybody not just that one company
But everybody in the world is trying to duplicate snapple. They just can't do it
They may come close but they can't give it that great refreshing snapple taste pick up snapple everywhere
Like original cattleman's endorsed markets and offer dolls and panty pride mullies find foods and freddies and Albertsons and 7-11
I refuse to say pizza lot. It's a snapple habit
Do you want to use written food
Oh
The way
They're working in my office. It's like a two-piece show
Oh
There is a check out line
And in my favorite bar
Oh yes they are
They're making noises movies
They don't view it's air come
Oh
People are stupid
They're so on wheels
They're got a sport at all of them
You know I like to tell them to go get pens
They'll even run it
Look a world
Yeah
You know they really
I wish they'd all just
Wow
So
53 at W.I. They're interesting the
Demographic to turn out of the people we had on Saturday at the fashion mall
We had you know a lot of young people a lot of old people we had some you know younger people were like little kids
And middle-aged people you know good cross-section
We had some black people show up a few not like a whole bunch
But they get very upset when I always say that there are no black people listening to the show because they're like to what 10 11
And one Julio one or two Julios and I'd say you have noticed that when we do appearances at least me
I can't speak for anybody else the Julios don't show up. They do not show up either plantation, huh?
Oh get out of here. Are you crazy? We got Julios up the ass in plantation man. You're dreaming
You're wrong. You'll be really wrong man. You what now? How much time do you spend in plantation none?
You go in the shopping malls man. They're like a babbling and that's fun
You only go in the sawgrass they're babbling in every language budding glaze. I don't know where they came from
They all just got off a boat somewhere. They got like I need a sawgrass express
But even at the pizza law the last beauty you notice the no we get a few not like it used to be we'll see
We'll see whenever we do that a week from tomorrow next the how come it's is it the 15 to the 16?
I thought it was gonna be on a Wednesday, but I think it's on the 50. I don't know. Do we have any of that information?
We don't we might we don't know what's going on
That's our promotions department again. Here's pop it over. Hello. Hey, we pulled it out. Yes
They pulled it out right at the end man when it counts the most. Yeah, you can mess around all day
But if you pull it out at the end when it counts that's that's the jackpot. Yeah, I know you don't need to be told this
But uh for that crowd I do obviously stadiums sometimes it's not the brightest crowd
You know what I mean like uh on one of those last drives when we need to
Stayed in a v-roll quiet. They're just yelling and cheering when marino comes up the line
Yeah, and he's like practically flapping his hand like a duck like
Please shut up already so we can hear the goddamn signals there and another thing yesterday. Now were you there? Yeah
I was there. I am gonna tell you I've been to a lot of dolphin games now over the last five years
Okay, I mean a lot of games most of them right and I have never seen such a smarmy crowd at anywhere for a ballgame
I don't know I mean you know there were some of the regulars the season ticket holders
But generally speaking I'm looking around and I'm thinking what happened is this the grunge crowd?
I mean who are these people?
Seriously, this was the ugliest the most grotesque-looking group of people
I've ever seen a divulging anywhere in my life bring me back those hockey crowds man
When there's like some living and breathing people around and most of those often games
They usually want your strong grouty red neck. Yeah, but yeah, but not like this. This yesterday was like an elite by its own
Yeah, yep, but uh I heard the uh
Half-thirty in a locker room show with Mandate he's talking to PDs that uh, you know how to what about that field goal
You best and he just goes I just yanked it. I heard him say that. Yeah, I was blanked
Man, it's just started getting very emotional about that. Yeah, but that's the only thing I
Not going to the game but I need to get one of those radios like listening to him a lot of the games going on
Yeah, he has got he is he's the only thing we got going on those games
Yeah, that's true because that other guy
I don't even want to mention his name on here, but he's
Sophomore at best. He should be doing like high school football on Kpx
I don't think Piper High would let him even do their games
I'm kind of getting depressed. I think that buyers might be out for the year
You know something have no fear. I told you 14 and two you didn't want to believe me
I'm telling you 14 oh yeah, I still think we could do it. I mean I can feel it
I think that spikes is going to get his moment in the sunshine now
I mean as much as we're gonna miss buyers spikes is gonna be a dynamic and I think uh, Saxon really uh
He never really I never thought that much of Saxon
But he came in here yesterday a couple of crucial plays and played well
What managed to say is he's a better blocker than buyers but as far as receiving you know
He can catch the ball. I just doesn't do much with it afterwards. Yeah, he got a catch
One's bandage gets the ball he knows what to do with it. Yeah, well there's there's not too much
Only a few you know buffle of course
Oh, and oh, yeah, how can I forgot? Oh my god
I get home in time to see the very end of the first half as the jets take it in here
I'm fourth down for the touchdown and I get to watch the entire second half. I forgot folks. Yeah
Did you see that head on BB? Yeah, oh, he he in fact
He wasn't even on a ground yet and Trump he was already saying he's out
He's out. Yeah, he hadn't even hit the ground yet
That made up for the you can hear Trump and Annanburg both in tears because they're now the official voices of the bills
You notice the shell for the bill crowd. Well, I gotta say is we got Chicago and Pittsburgh coming up in both of those teams
They're medic peace of cake is the walk in the park you bet. All right, buddy. Okay, hang in there
Two open lines in date see what I mean about our Julio's man. They're just they won't touch it man
They would they though they hang around if they they split around but they won't touch it probably great
Tuesday the 15th we're doing that thing at the pizza lot from one hours
Oh, we don't know that
Hey, one. Oh, yeah, I know. I know these people here man. This place is a it's a joke
It really is 751 W. I. O. D. and one and Broward 5249463. Here's the pop it. Oh beach. I just did pop it. Oh beach
We're in La La Land. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
I just want to give you a call. Let you know if there are live breeding people in Broward County. Yeah
Yeah, that's some Crocker crap. No, it is it is all right
I'll say it if you know it's a Crocker crap
You look just look around you next time you get in your car and your van and your truck on your
A tricycle whatever it is just look around and you tell me if you find any living and reading people
I live east I live near Dixie commercial. Oh, well, that's that's a different story. It's not so bad is out out there near the slough-in university truck
Yeah, so I'm surprised I'm surprised not getting more calls about with the game yesterday
Which I wasn't able to hear but I'm hearing about it now. So am I I'm just amazed. I'm just
Shake to my boots here and you're pretty up. You're pretty optimistic that they're gonna go 14 to two
I believe it all right well, I guess so yesterday if you're gonna have a if you're gonna wind up with the year like that
Yes today is the kind of game where you get lucky
We you know we just couldn't stick it in there
But we squeezed it out there in the end all the pressure was on when that interception got run back
It looked really grim and that's when marino yanked up his bell all the way to his arm pits and said we're gonna
Do it whether you guys like it or not and they went out there and they did it and oh jamic duffy all I can say is god great
Yeah, if we have to hear anymore whining from ingram or or
Friar anybody else just go out there you're getting paid big money go out there when a coach tells you to go out there do the job and just dummy up is what I say
Well, that's we'll see so you're right 14 to next thing tomorrow is an election
I read it. I read the paper yesterday and some I think it was right grim or someone in the hero went to the mall and ask people about the election
Yeah, and he any any true blank stairs like what election exactly?
Well, action that should tell you what this sounds all about and of course when you read the hero this fits in like a glove George
George radio station Wayne loves the hate
610 wio.d. I am a fort lardale
They should miss the before ho jay simpson out for the next break for the rest of this game just lick them
New song radio 610 wio.d. Presents the Neil Roger show to talk with the old call 751 wio.d. from date
524 wio.d. from rower outside 305 area code. It's toll free
1 800 944 wio.d. Those out mobility customers can call star i.o.d. at no charge and cellular one customers can call pound i.o.d. at no charge
The opinions expressed by the host guests are colors are not necessarily those for station or sponsors
Now Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 wio.d.
4 follow
Dead spokesman are back at Kentucky fraud chicken
We were really upset to lose the kernel but not happens upset as we were about losing our market share so we brought him back
He made it back and white so you think that's just a breathing
You'll still be buying the same small pieces of chicken with 10 pounds of bread drum but you'll feel good about it
So you'll think the kindly old kernel made it
If people are dumb enough to think that's it well they're stupid enough to buy a chicken
Kentucky fraud chicken we had to bring back all the kernels because we couldn't still there
wow
My brother was 6 at w.d. You know it really is annoying when some people out of one of my children Jeff Cohen by name
But when they come like to a thing like that first it was annoying that he showed up that was bad enough
And comes empty handed no card no gift which is okay
I can handle that in fact
I would have been a good trade offer him to stay in date county
But the bottom line is that he keeps inviting me to dinner in fact
Tom Domingo from capture glory who was there and they put poor Tom in charge of that wheel i apologize Tom
But he was there he offered it he was taking people over to
Brasery max and I said no thank you and then pony jump oh come on we got to take you to dinner no
Yeah, but we'll take you to what no
So anyway, we did go my friend john and I went out and ate on Saturday night and it was ill millino
The ill millino over there on university and plantation because I wanted to see if it's just as good as the other one
It is outstanding
And I don't care what anybody tries to tell me when they when they
A couple of years ago when the salespeople tried to give me to do that in fact
That I remember was dennenberg and he's been gone here at least two or three years right
So it's got to be a while back that place was a joke
I mean I had spaghetti in there that would make a chef boy R.D. Just cringe
It was just a joke and the whole everything in there has been changed the menu the chef the
hired hands the help whatever
Which by the way they got some pretty interesting help in there and also some who float a lot
But uh that was just outstanding
I had the rigatoni with the Italian sausage and the broccoli
And uh great bowl of pasta visual just outstanding. I couldn't even finish it
I hadn't take some of it home. It was uh delicious
I just thought I would mention that okay, and of course I knew I would go out and have a good meal
So why the hell would I want to go out with ponytail in the here is knowing his taste here's pompey
Hello, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Regarding yesterday's professional boxing and I just have two words to say
Boxer dog
What
That fight the former was that was that was yesterday. Yep
No, it was not yesterday. All right. No
No, you're correct. Yeah, my boss. I'm putting him on top of that
You know it was fixed. You know, he's a daughtering old man. It was obvious
I saw I saw them show the lowlight there when a guy he didn't come with him three feet of hitting that guy
And he just took a fall. That was a joke
It's like roller derby
For God. Yeah, I mean that's ridiculous. Yeah, okay. Go talk double talk someplace else
We have an open line on the green line one eight hundred we have two and brown or the five two four one on the
In-date seven five one very weak Monday is usual like the guy said he can't believe it
I can I go we do all through it every day. It's a new deal now. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes. Oh, sorry, Neil. Sorry. I'm sorry about why?
Did you just pick me up? Just picked you up now. Oh because I was on the line. I was picked over and heard nothing. Yeah
Anyway, yesterday I was first time I went to a game this year. Yes, and I liked it
It's a crowd was into that game. They were there was a good crowd was a lot more people
I don't know what the final number was
67,000 60 70 after they were expecting only 62 and of course one game time came
I looked around it looked like about 52 it was really weak
But it's that later arriving Miami crowd they could start the game at any given time
And they still that they have like a fetish showing up late
But you know once we got about five minutes into the game
I looked around at high school didn't we look good?
You do it most of the time and they really at the end when spastic and it was great
I just don't know if they wouldn't go so spastic when they start showing the throwing those stupid little footballs into the stands when
We sat down our seats were in like 455 from the level nose feet, but those were good seats
Yeah, I didn't have a problem with them. They were high up. They have good binoculars and a good telescope
No, they weren't that bad really didn't need binoculars unless they were on the other side of the field from right and I was in the end zone where PD missed the
Yeah, well as soon as he kicked and even though we sit on the sideline on the 50 as soon as he kicked that I knew he acted
Yeah, he admitted to he acted that was terrible
But it made it more exciting that way you know as long as as long as we won that's what made it exciting
You watch that game last time with the Raiders and the Chief I wouldn't watch that crap
I saw about three minutes of it and I shut her right off. You know what the Chiefs look like the dolphins of about six years ago
Yeah, where they could be
Fantastic one week. You just look like garbage
Yeah, but you tell me what team in the league doesn't play like that. How about the bills?
Well, those that bills mop the field up against Kansas City last week and the week before the
prophetic cults and we saw how they think yesterday they
Like the chief art if Joe my parents doesn't have a great game. They don't do much. That's what you used to be
Damn, or you don't think I'm great. Yeah, and if they're m in Thomas doesn't have a great game for the bills
They stink the joint out like they did yesterday. Thank God
I'm telling you man. We're sitting pretty right now. We got two full games on them in fact technically the
Even though they're both five and four the jets have beaten them twice or the jets are ahead of them right
But the thing catch us they're ahead of us too. No chance. The jets are a joke. It's serious
I'm not I'm not talking about the jets hell with the jets. You mean the bills. Yeah, they're not gonna catch us
If one must we keep their ass like that? They couldn't catch a cold unless I sent them my doctor, which I think I might do
Or maybe send Jim Kelly to chuck out the earth right there
I'm gonna touch him with a 10 foot wig. Have a great life. Found two
Two open lines in dates seven five one two open lines and brawered five two. It's begging Monday
Baby get on your hind leg get like a dog get on your back legs and just put your paws up there and big
Just beg for a little bit of interaction a little bit of attention. Well, they're all like they're all hyped up for the election tomorrow, man
They're all real enthused about that
And if that Michael Finkelson bothers me again every in my life so help me this kid just the comes there
He's got him and his buddy his buddy by the way is the one who went to dolphin game several weeks ago. Oh
Great is he can't put my he I'm talking he had his head so far up riches ass if that came a few weeks ago
That I thought I saw his head come in the touch in his tonsils
From the inside. I mean this guy he and they show up with 80 million of these green
Buttons and bumper stickers. I got news for him and people are starving death and they spent like 10 million dollars
They might as well flushed it down the toilet
They still got the same 39% that they had like three months ago
So you guys are really doing a hell of a job
We have uh and 12 after 11 at w. I will do you've noticed that the frozen food section at your favorite stores getting kind of crowded
That could be because it's full of all the different varieties of budget gourmet special selections
The more you look and the more you taste the more you're going to want budget gourmets special selections
Budget gourmet special selections are delicious individual entrees. They come in regular and light and healthy
Try the a light and healthy entrees like pentepasta with chunky tomato sauce
For the regular Tony and cream sauce with broccoli and chicken for everybody's new favorite Italian style vegetables with chicken
The portions are full-size and they're not loaded down with all that fat
Instead they're loaded with great taste
Budget gourmet regular and light and healthy entrees
Absolutely delicious and the price is great too look for budget gourmet and your grocery is freezer
Budget gourmet special selections both light and healthy and
Light and healthy comma and regular they be the best
Six down w i o t
It's simple you listen for the rest of the day
For the puppy gets it
Have you guys ever seen each other's peanut sauce?
Rater everybody stack in there
This is the game for the dolphins
The snap is down the field all is up and it is gone
Yes
Stay out of it. It's a ferniard field goal and overtime
This one has ended with 914 remaining in the overtime period and the dolphins win it 20 to 17
What is that?
That's not from yesterday's game
You know no Steve you are just an impediment. Oh here it is right here
He says i get it rick Riley tells him he left the um he left the card
In here and so he's looking around up here behind where all this crap is that shouldn't even be in room anymore
And he hands me this and i'm assuming this is from yesterday's game
It's a story oh game winning field goal. That's not from yesterday's game. That was an overtime game
That is pathetic that is weak man that really blows
I'm taking that thing out of here and just the he even had somewhere get it out of here
crap
Oh, man, this place is just good and where is nickel penny and diamond he show up here today or what i saw him at the remote for about three seconds on
The Saturday and then he left real quick and then we start having a real good turnout
That's one things improved dramatically. Okay, let's go to my apologies by the way
But we just ain't got any clue what's going on. It's all your dolphin station. Here's the pompato on the purple line
Hello
Morning, yeah, sir. You may be happy birthday. Thank you so much. How did I?
I couldn't make it. Sorry. Yeah, I had to work
Great win for the doctor. Yes, great win for the test. No, even even greater. I think well for us great loss for the bills
Uh, yeah, that was wonderful. Any loss for the bills is a great loss for the human race
Yeah, there were three great shots back in the one on Kelly the one on Thomas the one on TV
Yeah, I was very disappointed Kelly got up after the shot that he took he was laying there
He was in La La land. Yeah, and I was hoping at the very least like maybe a punctured lung something minor like that
You know, yeah, herman Thomas took a good job, but he was all right. He got up. Thanks. Yeah, so then they hit baby twice
Question do you feel that with the defense that
I am because that they can make it this incredible
Yeah, okay, I think if they play you know, let's they play it depends on which state we're talking about
Well, I've never seen I mean, I like my oh, it's making that speaking at defense
I don't know if you heard any of the pregame yesterday. Oh my god Kim Boatcampers got Harry Calisaw with that strange voice talking like he's somebody's sticking at
Edom of two but who's that and and he's having this inane conversation and basically he's asking Boatcamp for all the questions
Because Calis is gonna do the game on radio on mutual and he wouldn't know the dolphins if they stuck
Dan marino's finger up his butt and he's then he says well
Jim or Kim whatever your name is
One of the unsung heroes you might agree with me on your team is quarterback
JB Brown and oh my god, I'm on I'm driving and all this traffic trying to get into the stadium
And I just about uptruck right there in the car
I was screaming in the elegant Boatcamper being the real show that he is says oh yes
No question. He's one of the great cornerbacks in the league
This guy oh my god, and he sucked JB Brown. He is brutal brutal
I just thought you know I was talking to my today and I think you know that
In the past 10 years, I think everything that's won the Super Bowl has had a real dominating
Yeah, but let me tell you something the league has never been as diluted as it is right now when Atlanta
When Atlanta can knock off San Diego. I know Humphries was injured
But even so when they can knock off the
Chargers who are now turned as cold as stone
Well, I charge his own sword but nine points right
Right that day exactly
Nice to see that Scott Mitchell by the way all the way. All the way now. Got his broken the hang nail whatever he's got
Nice to see he's really earning at 11 million for Detroit. Yeah, he's really doing the same thing with Chicago
Right they say in this wing on sports then right you don't need to spend lots of money. Yeah, if we pull their back right
Enjoy the rest of your Monday. Okay, you too
Two open lines one in day seven five one one on the purple pound line at pound IOD
Yeah, all you Buffalo fans, baby. We are enjoying it. We are reveling in it
We are thriving on it. We're having sexual excitement from it
Not just so much that we one yesterday which we needed badly
But to see you guys lose. I mean you really just take it up the nose
And here's Kelly on that last desperation gasp as the clock is running out
And he goes back to pass and he rolls out desperately trying to avoid getting sucked
And he just heaves it into the ground. It was pathetic. He couldn't play for Cornell this Jim Kelly
That's how bad he was yesterday
He couldn't play for North Western. He couldn't play for he couldn't fly North Western
Here's Boka on the starline. Hello
Hi exactly
That's it
That's the call that's the call on the starline great job, Pellie. Our starlines open at star IOD. Let's do a Tamarack. Hello
Neil yes, Neil. What's all this public smashing Neil? What does that mean all these people bashing public because they handed out
There was what do you mean all these people? I mentioned I mentioned the article and nobody else has even talked about it
So again, what are you talking about all these people?
Well, sir over the last couple day. Why are you a bag? Are you a bag boy? No, there's been somebody calling you
About public all the time. No, they're having been so we had like three phone calls about it in addition to which
I don't want my supermarket give them a propaganda about politics. Okay, and either does anybody else
Is that is that you any good? They don't give any good publicity about public. What the hell does that mean?
What does that mean? You know how much public donated to hurricane Andrew victims? You know something
I don't know what you do there or what you know what it is that you're employed or who's paying you off
That's not the issue right now the issue is no matter what how many good things they do
It all gets obscured by the fact when they try to
Peddle their religion and their politics. It's inappropriate for retail
That's not public peddling it that's that's people that
paid and brought the literature and brought it and said hey
And they agree to hand it they agreed to hand it out in addition to which the
Propaganda that they put on their on their flyers that they put an every newspaper in the state last week urging their
Patrons to vote against casino gambling who are you gonna blame that on do the devil make them do that?
Hey people get paid to do things. Well, what does what does that mean people get paid to do things
That was the corporate position sir, and you know what as well as I do
That's public's corporate headquarters trying to manipulate the way people are gonna vote tomorrow
There is that is that what you lost up and down though. Yeah, get out of here. You got your downs right now, baby two downs
What a jackass everything's got its ups and downs
When you got a bunch of right wing douchebags who are trying to pedal their prop propaganda
And it's like the same with that Cindy. I see no difference
Coming with her Bible and all her crap and her 20 page handwritten letter about the Lord this Lord
They more power to them maybe as religious they could spend 20 hours a day in shul and jail in
Church wherever they want to go
But don't try to brainwash their customers. Don't try to pedal
There plenty of Jews that shop in here. There are a few of us atheists
There's a couple of faggot whoever the hell wants to go in and shop in a supermarket should be left alone
And don't try it in the same thing with those goddamn girl scouts kick their ass out of there too by the way
When I go into supermarket, I don't want to hear me get you in the world
Cornering me is I'm on my way in and out the door trying to pedal me some crap
Thank you. Yeah, what I don't if I want crap. There's plenty of it inside. I can buy it. Okay. I can buy my own crap
And this puts to refuse by the way you notice to tell us what he does. There's probably a goddamn bag boy
Although he didn't sound good enough to be a bag boy
It's 1123 at W.I.O.D
More gas than exon
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station W.I.O.D
Hello ticket central
Don't for what?
What are they for?
Well, I mean if you wanted him
I mean if you wanted a free ticket you don't know what they're for why do I just because they're free
You want them just because they're free. They don't even know what they're for
Yeah, yeah, for the horse races
They're for races in poppano at the Irish fest
They're having horse races at the Invisible Stadium
Well, you can't me with it for I want to because I have some friends that I was telling I want to give it to him for what
For the horse races
I don't know why
Well, then why did you call?
You heard that with that magic word didn't you?
Wee right?
Isn't that what you did you heard Neil say wee
Hello
Hello
You want them?
Yes, I would like them to have a good
Hold on
Okay, 1128 at WIV she is the epitome of this entire time. Oh look at here. I said there's free cake on the table over here
I don't know who these people are but let's go grab a piece
Oh here they're spinning the wheel. Let's let's go over here and spin it a few times and get a couple of schmothers a couple of chatskies here we go
It's beautiful baby. That's what we got here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you're
Okay, sir on behalf of all these rallies guy in my area. I even if I think
Too late
I'm not too late. I want to wish you a muscle so and
Yeah, the best happy pace that I can reach you. Hi
Thanks, okay, that's it. That's the call open line and date 751 one on the green line like in Palm Beach County
We're all the year-loss are hiding today
1-800-944-9463. I got news for it with that election coming up tomorrow if I were one of my behind-and-two. I'll send you that right now
I'd be hanging my head down real deep like between my knees
Here's um cover Ridge. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. Yeah, first time color. Okay
Uh, you're talking about the right winged natto. Yeah, I saw this great movie
With Robert DuVall and they done the way
All the
Oh, yeah, I heard somebody talking about that the other day great
You have to see okay
What's it about? It's uh kind of uh
Guess what happens? All people get sick and little futuristic the right wing Christians take over and uh
What do mean futuristic like as in tomorrow? You mean yeah, like maybe uh
Yeah, like one day ahead yet
Yeah, one of the way I want to ask you a question. I don't want to put you on a spot
But when Reagan I don't want to sound insensitive. But wait Reagan's doctors start you know examining him
In uh days and months and weeks to come. How are they gonna know when the Alzheimer's kicks in?
I think it kicked in 1980s. Yeah, I'll kick it a long ago as if you read patty davis's book
I mean he uh he's been in La La Land for years. So I think this is just a cover-up
That one don't they have like uh, some way usually abortion
Uh, be this is the cure all time. Yeah, I think so
Then I think you know
It's too late for him though. I think at this point. Yeah, I think he kind of deserved it then
Okay, have a great day
Uh, like I said read patty davis's book. It's uh just a killer like when she would come to the house with a dog
Oh, you have a new dog, Nancy. Yeah, a pad whatever her name. Hey, he called everybody Nancy. That was the one name he could remember
Two open lines of day 751 and that green line in Palm Beach
14944 here's north Miami. Hello
Loneel. Yes, sir. Yeah, happy birthday and happy belated. How are you? Okay?
Let's cut the birthday crap that a birthday is over with. I mean, not that I don't appreciate it
But let's uh, you know, that's in the past. Hey, I'm getting up there in the world. I am getting up there desperate
Is it true? I someone who was mentioned that on satellite dishes that high-zing it is
Prohibiting the dolphin games on satellite dishes. He's taken away. You know, no, it is not. How do I how can he do that?
That's what I said. You know, someone mentioned that and I can
What in reference to what I mean the game would have been blacked out yesterday because it wasn't a cell
This is just in the future that high-zing is gonna be taken away. Everybody is that's a crocker crap
Well, Wayne High Zinger doesn't control what the NFL not yet. Maybe next year
Yeah, because he says everybody has to learn the games to uh, yeah, watch it otherwise
Right
Unbelieve
Anyway, uh, pro casino and uh, they care. Okay, good luck. Hey, bud. You'll need it
Okay, that was a good call two open lines in day and 751 and one on a white line there the starlight whatever that white line is
Bell soft mobility. It's real white. It's kind of like OJ's jury. It's real white. Well, I'm sorry
Yeah, what a joke that is huh. Oh, he never gonna he never gonna get a fair trial at OJ
He never get a fair trial
Right, he's got like 85 black guys. He's got 75 black women. He's got one
Token Latin on there and then he's got one token white guy who's gonna spend all the trial token
He's gonna be puffing on it. I tell you man. I'll do a pleasure. I know
And so is your trial, baby. What a joke. What a travesty man
And then he's got the one broad on there and she says oh, he's he's the greatest. I just the big admirer. OJ
He did I'm the biggest fan. Yeah
That prosecution man, they really got it. They got a good grip on it
Here's the mobile in Palm Beach hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? Okay. Oh, I love that
There was beautiful man. That was the highlight of my whole weekend
I'm watching the bills get the crap kicked out of him by the jets that second half was a glorious thing
I was even rooting for the boomer which should made me a little sick to my stomach, but still I headed to it
I had to call you though. It's not the same subject. I've been in and out of the truck all day
I don't know if anybody commented about it
Chris Baker's bigoted comment. No, they did not
I'm not kidding. Yeah, I'm you know, I'll quote him what he said. Yeah
Had a problem with the black guy the night before in his new car
And I'm not kidding. Well, what do you mean he had a problem with the black guy in his new car?
That was in the car he woke up in this little dirt bag hotel
He was then he came out to his car and here's what was he doing in dirt bag hotel? Well, that's where he lives like yeah
Yeah, that's what he said sure wasn't the trailer part
He got a new car and he comes out to find this black guy in an old stuff
Cadillac which is for arresting against the passenger side of his brand new car. It's all scratched up and everything
Yeah, and he gets into an argument with the guy and he gets nowhere he gets the car and runs off
He comes to the radio station and this is what he calls
That individual and I'm quoting exactly yeah, and other people will back me up on this
And this for how many how many people do you think was the way show?
Well, I heard it and a lot of people call yeah right after that, but I'll just say that okay
He called him a plate-lip napkin headed bugaboo
Nice okay
Hey, don't ask me you're asking the wrong guy I'll call up Steve Nicholon and find out I find out
Anyway, I can't give you the answer, but I should find out between him and that Steve Patterson I heard some of his
