What's up, buddy? Who's this this might be? How you doing Mike? All right, what's going on? We're proctoid man
Huh? Where have you been all of our lives? Yeah, I've been around been doing cars working for Paul you've been doing Paul
No cards. Don't let the word out. I know I tell you. Yeah, I'm either wrong guy to tell
There's nobody listening. No worry about it. Well listen. It's nice to be head by a pound. Have a great life
Hey, we owe you a free wash though. We're we're we're are you we're in a boat right now
But I mean, where's your place? We move around we come to you. Oh you come to us and on you and you scrub it
Okay, well listen come on down. Oh, well, let's just scrub it. Okay, if you find it you can scrub it
All right, buddy. Have a great luck pal. See you get on here
We have an open line on the starline star IOD and the a pound line is still there was somebody on there
But they're not holding we're paying for it. They're still not holding which just amazes me at pound IOD strange
Here's the St. Petersburg. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir
A lot of people up here are pying around themselves, you know, they they can't handle it
But I take a minute to explain what these these towed busters don't understand towed busters. Yeah, the towed buster
That's what I've been towed they
What they don't realize is that two different areas your area is an area that is far from some level of
Certification some not much a little bit. Yeah, you know, you can be mugged and shot by a guy that demands your money and any of seven different languages
Right, that's true. We think you know a lot of people have worked last time here. Oh the lightning and so what you'll realize is the back of the program
It says thanks for visiting this Thunderdome. Don't forget your teeth
Yeah, but all over here it says don't forget your teeth when you leave the restaurant
Well, I'll let her the sound of that glass fizzing. That's always a good reminder. Yeah, they're a lot of dummies
But they don't get yeah, you know and
Have another thing you'll realize about lightning game halfway through the third period they stop play for a few minutes
So the announcer can say the floral city trailer park is now loading. Yeah, that's right before they start playing linear skinner
That's right. Let's let Mrs. Cerella be escorted to the bus as she has a tendency to wander around
Yeah, and the Thunderdome is in the middle of darky town. Yeah, it's
Neil
Yeah, there were some good times there were some good times
There were some interesting like when we came over there. We had some really good times. Oh the
One of the mall appearance you had you on TV clear water mall was sensational
Absolutely, absolutely. Yeah, and a good time over there watching Kurt doing his drag routine and an empty restaurant
That was exciting Randy got fan great
Great meals at Donatello's and that the boss this place in St. Pete was dynamite
Velvita just her foot. I think it was wasn't it all those great rides in Velvita's beautiful
Polychial car. I'll never forget those and a free hot dog at Mel free we need that's right
You can't get enough. We need around here, right so Neil. It's been fun. It's been real
But as my friend said as he walked out of the court
There was some good times. There was some bad times but the marriage didn't work. Oh right have a knife. Yeah
We have an open line on the green lines. It's farewell Friday for the West Coast
It's been a real tweet Phil Henry will continue to be on over there by the way at least for the foreseeable future
I don't see any problem with that
I think he'll do just fine, especially on a station
It's got like all the big numbers that they're going to have the rest of the day at least from six in the morning till two last
It'll do alright. He'll be following something that kind of like fits in and I'm I'm not gonna even get into it
There's there's no point. I've said everything that needs to be said bitter disappointment
Nobody here is blaming it. Well, I won't say nobody here. I'm certainly not blaming him for you know
Whatever we didn't or didn't do over there
But just the whole ambiance and the attitude sucked and you know just vindictive and bitter basically is what it's all about
So he'll get us. He'll work his way up to a two five two eight. He'll be all right. Here's Tampa. Hello
Hey, how you doing? You're good sir. We're dying over here. Are you? Yeah, well, there's nothing left. I mean you just talked about the blobster
Um
There's there's not much there for people that are 35 or under or have much of a personality to listen to
I'm dying out of here. We are and I don't blame me. I can't really logically argue
uh
The decision because no it works out better for everybody like I said this
I didn't realize until I talked to LV last night that they had this other thing in the works that they were going to put on six to eight instead of the tapes
Which they realized that those tapes were killer and as long as they had that in the works they figure well
We're you know kind of forward. You forced our hands and now we're gonna do it and they're gonna wind up way ahead of the game with it
So this was planned and not flat together last minute exactly
So it's not like I'm doing something out of spite
I'm doing it because I needed for me here and uh they're going to be enforced to do it because it's gonna help them
Yeah, I like I said logically there's not really an argument against it. Oh yeah
I you were talking the other day about the share of this market and the country kind of aspect 20 percent
Well, I came up here from Miami one of the first things I noticed was
You kind of replaced the heavy Latin influence of South Florida with a real heavy red neck influence here. Yeah
You draw a lot of glue. It was completely yet there but you know it draw a lot of uh
It's draw here. It's not a lot of nose figures. Yeah, so it's unfortunate. We're gonna miss it though
Well, I appreciated pal one dying request a shameless dying request and keep one finger loose at all times. Yes
Just a couple of Harry parts. We love those. Okay. Thanks a lot and you're a douchebag. Yeah
We have an open line on the green line. It won't last for long
There are all these closet people now coming out of the closet to say farewell and hey Neil
Fuck you and that too. Here's St. Petersburg. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes. How you doing, pal? I'm doing great
We have an open line on the green line
Well
That was cute
But I just can't chance you know, I guess I could have put him on hold but why bother
Anyway, we won't have any shortage of calls on the green line in fact
We've never had any shortage of calls on the green lines very rarely like once in a blue moon or once
You know once in a while when
Selinsky started patching around with the tower with a transmitter and they were like on six watts going straight into the gulf
But other than that they were smoking. I will say that thank you at least for keeping a phone smoking last almost two years
They may not listen in large numbers, but they sure do call
Speaking of chronic by the way, here's a facts from KC in St. Pete
I'm not even upset with him today as chronic as he is and he really is to a point of nausea
But here's the facts it says in augural meeting of the no-near Rogers on the radio support group in other words
We have no life as what he's trying to say Monday 7 to 10 pm at crystal restaurant on Northdale, maybe in Tampa
Topics to be discussed one satellite dish purchase two moving to South Florida. Oh, please don't do that three GE super radio and four getting a life
talking
Neil we will miss you and the Marlon suck well
We may suck, but we're like 511 11 one another big one yesterday in front of 20
5 or 26,000 people or whatever it allegedly was allegedly was like 30 some but trust me
Here's for lottery. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing pretty good sir? I was
I was listening yesterday to Rick Rally's crappy promotion from the witbred
Reception area now wet my pants. Yeah, terrible
He didn't even do any homework. I don't know who does promotions offers Rick really
Rick's idea
But the I need help yeah, he does yeah, the reception area wasn't even open until 10 o'clock
Yeah, and they had a guy walking around saying just nobody here. Oh, we're famous for that
We've this station has sent out more guys including Alex Bennett who deserved it
I remember forget he they sent him to do a remote at the home show on the beach and there was nobody there
I don't know yet place wasn't open yet
Not to mention the garlic festival right the garlic festival was done
I might I mean that wasn't on the air, but it should have been that was special
That was with Tom Denimberg's parting shot to me. Let's see if we can help him get in the mongue here to add to the bells paulsy
Unbelievable. I mean my wiener doesn't whistle. Yeah, right. Well, he could have whistled yesterday
And then nobody would have heard it. I didn't even know he did a thing. Oh you who was out there
Uh Marvin Chris
One of the outside flunkies was out there. Yeah, well, that's a good way to indoctrinate him
Right sent him out to a place where there are no people and do a show
It's like I said like that thing I went over to see a Kurt over in Tampa doing his drag routine in an empty restaurant
There were like five people there and there were all friends and relatives nobody
So we're used to it unbelievable. I think closing. I want to say
What is a godsamishmaka have a great life pali back a godsamishmaka
Schmaka
Open line and Broward at or godsamishmata so the pulp broke his leg by the way
And the altar boys are rubbing it furiously to see if they can make it feel better and the leg too
1236 at wiod and w su n
In a world worth thing 41 at wiod happy friday one of the greatest days in history and thanks to tom velvita for all the great
Curtices he's extended to us. I can't think of any at the moment all the free rides in that beautiful car
The hockey games last year the Leafs wiping up the ice with lightning twice and the old the barn out there
And then again this year that gigantic record breaking crowd for the home opener over there as the panther shut out the lightning to nothing as I recall
In front of almost 29,000 people and then the leaf shutting out the lightning
How come every time I went over there they like almost couldn't score
Here's so the big glad to be getting rid of me. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing to you pretty damn good pal. Hey my name is Juan. I'm a Julio
You're one of it buddy. You're one of them. Yeah, I'm one of the many here here in high alia outstanding
I want to tell you who's willing to stand up and be counted folks right here
That's right. I want to tell you a little story about Louis Miguel. I'm a huge friend like yourself and you're huge. Oh huge. I believe it
Okay, I met him about about four months ago and cancun you did? Yeah, I met him in a club. Daddy. Oh, did you already tell me this story?
Uh, no, it's my first time call. Okay, because somebody also told me they met him. Maybe it wasn't in cancun and some bar
Really well met him in cancun it was like the main club there, right? Yeah, and uh the guy's a really nice guy
When I'm told he was about a hundred million girls all over the guy. Yeah, and he was buying everybody drinks
I mean he was see the great guy and not on blame me for being a huge fan like I am and I and you know
I just I've been listening to your show
That you're becoming a real big on a jade divetta fan now
Jerry oh you want to see that picture? I got it's bigger than life. It's bigger than he is
Yeah, the CD picture that one of us CD the one not from the cover the cover. He looks like a chipmunk on her front
But there's one the one that's on the CD you know that's on the disc itself
Where he's got that like shirt tied around his waist right right and it's that
Oh, hey, and uh, and I want to sing a little part a little song. You want to sing a little song? Well George isn't here, but go ahead
That'll make it even better go ahead a little
You know, I'm sure you like this song
You like that, huh? Beautiful
You are late for you me
Yeah, there you go
See yeah, okay, they say hi Leah see yeah
We have an open line in date 7519 463 he didn't say nothing dirty
We don't have our Spanish interpreter here today
He's home nursing his wounds getting sick in plenty of time for tomorrow's stone soul picnic
So anyway, I come in this morning getting ready to the reason that they didn't sound quite as good as it should have and I apologize
There was no levels on those carts
But I'm coming to dub my stuff which it sounded real great on the cassette that I brought in trust me when I tell you and
I go to in our brand new expensive production studio here's Tom joiner the fly jock
He'd be doing a show in there this morning man
They got the whole thing tied up like I said and I got to go in that crappy little that room is terrible stuff
That's in there they should like burn it burn that thing down baby in the room too
So time joiners here in case you don't know they're having this big stone soul picnic hot 105 tomorrow time joiners in town
The fly jock who's the lower their numbers at full point in the morning. Okay, let's go to
Miami hello, hey Neil. What's up? How you doing sir? Oh very well very well happy Friday to him. Yeah, same to you a great day
Yep, but yep, I'm off. So it's a very great day. See
Yeah, finally I get a chance to thank you for that magazine
That's for you to say that you sent to me where you sing the tune better late than ever man
Yeah, it was good and um by the way
I wanted to ask you if there's still a way of getting any of those CDs that you have for the best of me or that I never got a chance to buy in any of them
If you call a
Halcyon in our programming office if you call like the station main number 759-431-1
Uh-431-1 759-431-1 and ask for Halcyon and programming and she'll let you know if they still have any in the o
Closet there she'll dig through the closet and see who's in there good a small fire report here see on Wednesday
I was on my way to the ballpark, you know to catch the marlin's game yeah, and I turn on
The other station on a m to see not wq a m
Yeah, so just to check and see if they were playing because he was raining here in Miami. Yeah
And at the exact same time that I turned the radio on the tankster. I mean the hamster was on
and the next
Uh-he he went on he went on and said um
The time is 610 and he cut himself saying 610 you call letter uh-oh and all of a sudden you heard a little bit of a silence
And next thing he says no 10 after 6 will be right back. Oh, geez. Yep. Yep. It got stuck right in this throat for crying out loud
It was hilarious. Beautiful. Anyway, you're great. Uh, thanks again for the magazine and I'll call
Whoever over there has the cameo Venus thank you. So see bye-bye. Yeah
Open line and date 751. It's all Julio day over here today
We love our Julio's man make no mistake about that especially the ones that look good and our holy et's
Although they tend to be a little in the closet and they're probably pissed off about no more Luis Miguel
Well, that's the way it goes. I'll never say forever. Okay. We might like bring him back for a guest appearance every now and then
And just give him a little bath right here on the air wash him off clean him up and then spank him a little bit
1046 and w i o d and w s u n
So anyway, we're back there's something I do have to play here. Okay, in honor of our friends since we're saying goodbye to the west coast
Well, I know my sister all my life
That is why she's now my wife
And I think my son may know it's true
He's my nephew too
Well, my daddy is my uncle Joe my mother is my dear and flow it is very plain to see my first cousin is me
Beauty it's 1051 at w i o d. Let's we got an open line on that cell one line
I don't know what the story is with that thing
They just reluctant to pound it in this town pound i o d come on nobody'll see it here's Lake Waynevista. Hello
It's like we're back on son country. Wow. Yeah, it sounds like a chronic to me. No, I'm not a chronic who is this
Um, uh, it's no in Lake Waynevista. Oh, you sound just like super Dave or one of those chronic guys the leak
Jason you sound just like one of those people
You know what they say in Lake Waynevista, don't you
Really yeah, it's Disney loads out here at Disney loads first it's a
Way of us load uh-huh goofy loads. Yeah
We we were good to judge then Randy now me and pretty soon feel hungry probably
And then the jazz man and Chris Baker and it'll be a distant memory of the past
Well, you're on one more day could I could I make a shameless request but of course I want to hear one a kiss or butt
All right
And uh can I call a couple people douchebags anything you like today pal
I'm in such a goddamn good mood. It's frightening you aren't as well moved. I am in a great mood
I feel like I've emancipated my god damn self
And I think that they were like trying to squeeze another month out of me forget it. Go ahead. Okay
Jesse a channel six and Lloyd a channel 13 your couple of weepy-eyed CBS weekend news dripping oozing things
Okay, okay, thanks a pile see yeah
Beauty okay
I like it
1052 we have an open line and Broward 5249463 see this
I don't I don't want to get myself in a bad mood because I'm gonna start thinking about this company in the way they do things and keep stringing along
Let's sit like I said cut the cord get out with life uh
Ron and Ron make all our stupid little unsipit comments
I just had a spy report now. They can have a real woman on in midday over there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Pick up your dress. Okay. Will you run people are starting to talk
He'd fit in good at Nova high
But anyway now we can start like actually going back to like our own thing
We don't have to pass the fine and you know like I said it's sad because there were a lot of really nice people over there
There was no accident that we had those thousands of people at the clearwater mall
I know that scared the crap out of Opie and now he's really gonna be scared
See a lot of people would assume his reactions. Well, we chased that fat bag out of here bar. Well, no
That's not the deal the deal is that I forced their hand and now they're gonna put on a show that is gonna kick ass
It's gonna be a local show. It's gonna be a spin-off a show that's already kicking ass
And they're gonna like they're gonna do it and they're gonna put FLA right in the toilet all the way across
So thank me for that just remember that when you're like cussing in the bitching at me
Just thank me for forcing them to butcher up and be a real goddamn radio station
Okay, and you too last year you fat cow thank me okay? Because otherwise they'd let this go on as long as I'd have sat here and put up with it
And I started playing like six little beast Miguel records just out of spite to him at about to 20 to two just to piss him off
Except I wouldn't want to do it to Randy
Anyway, here's the South Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir happy Friday happy Friday
Um, I wanted to have Bobo Jr
Yeah, there you go. You got that cart
Which one happy Friday?
Just Rick have that on a kind of thing here happy as a puppy happy birthday Michael now. He don't have it
Listen, did you um, wait a minute. What is it under? Right? Oh, it's under Bobo
Wait a minute one moment. Please bow. Oh bow. Oh
Happy Friday. Yeah, that's beautiful. I love it
Listen Michelle Gillan
off the channel for right. Oh, you know that she's taking her needle nose and taking it back and sticking it somewhere
He's gonna be on with Anne or with Anne and white she is at night. She's going back to 10
He's going back to 10 right? Oh, boy. I bet your hands happy about that
But we got what I said about you the grandma's happy about that exactly
Maybe she can write shotgun while Anne's driving the diesel truck well, maybe
She can help her shift it. Yeah, listen
She can give her hand on it
Um today's this weekend maybe just one finger. Yes this weekend's a sad day
At on the beach. The paragon club the paragon club is closing on sunday
Prince bought it and he's putting up his grand slam club there. Paragon is closing well
Prince bought paragon. Oh my god. What are all these queens gonna do now? They're gonna be screaming and screaming
Man, but some of them already are right exactly many of them
But um, I was wondering when you did you see Larry King the other night with um when he had the uh mr. Sauer put himself bob dole on
Lonnie festilapas now I did not well
He asked my stupid
question that he goes what he says he says bob I've seen you in many arenas. What's it like for bob dole to cry?
And bob dole moved to 10 and and just gave him this sour look and yeah
And the guy that was sitting next to Larry looked at Larry's you like what the hell or yeah, what's your stupid question is that you slimy butt plug
He has no power. I don't understand
You notice by the way he's off for radio everywhere night time they weren't making any money
They put him on daytime. He bobbed over another affiliates wanted to carry it and blow off their great local shows
To put his skinny ass on air. So now it's strictly uh, but in the meantime he's making millions of dollars
And probably still losing the ball of the track. Is that right? He's still a piece of gold
That whole thing. He can be making a hundred million and he's still a piece of garbage
And we know it here in Miami better than anybody in the world exactly. Well, um, I have a request
Yes, I want to call somebody a douchebag. Uh-huh Dan. I want to call a douchebag and um
Yes, okay, all right see
Yeah
He's spoiled it. We have an open line in date 7519 463 here south Miami. No gone. I'm just it south Miami
Here's Orlando on a mobile hello
Good morning. Yeah, man. Well, thank you. Wait a visit to you
Hey, just wanted to call I saw something on the yeah or lander news last night. I guess he's looking to buy a house in Orlando
Michael Jackson. Oh no. Yeah
Right by Epcot no doubt. Well, probably yeah, we can get all the kids coming up here real good and air so to speak
Yeah, certainly. Uh-huh, certainly
Beautiful. I didn't know if you'd be interested in that or not. I thought it was kind of a trooper
Why not? There you go
I was wondering if I could make a request that I'm not gonna get a
All request Friday you I can't turn down a request on the day of my daughter is a departure from Tampa
Well, I was open to hear sweet 16. No sweat. Thanks. Have a great life. You too see
Yeah
Nice open line and Broward 5249 463 they're called from Orlando. They're called from uh
Oki-Fanoki swamps
They're called from all over the state. We'll probably get calls from New Orleans
So the deal is we are going to keep the as far as I understand from what George said yesterday
We're gonna leave the satellite on in the on position for those people who are listening on their s cpc on our satellites in Alaska and
Arizona and like the seven others whatever and then as soon as Cox Broadcasting puts something else on there
Will be gone, but in the meantime we'll be here
Tampa on a Broward line a smart caller
Hey Neil how you doing? How to get right in
Neil, I'd like to make a pubic service announcement if I may what that come on in here
All right, sweet six. I got to write these down. Go ahead. I'd like to make a pubic service announcement
I'd like to proclaim today as this official day of morning
For all the nilies in Tampa Bay
And I'm asking that uh show of support for you that all nilies driving on the highways in Tampa Bay today
Drive with her headlights on during daylight hours beautiful and uh one final dying
Before five. Yes
One final dying request like to hear jack in the box if I could no problem. Thanks Neil. Thanks for the memories. See take care
Yeah
Okay, well he sounded depressed and a very morbid we have an open line on the a cell one line which is constant
I think we're gonna have to rip that baby out. We're gonna have to reconstruct this whole reconfigure this whole thing here
At pound iod and two and Broward of course five two four nine four six three. Here is the orlando again. Hello
I nil. Yes, sir. It's the Paco. How you doing? Pretty good. It's a pleasure to talk to you. First time caller great
And probably last time call as well. I would imagine did I hear an ad a few minutes ago for
I think it was Eckers where they would give my mother a pearl necklace
What
Was that they either wasn't echoed spot. I didn't listen to it. Yeah, I don't know if I want my mother getting a pearl necklace
You know what I mean? Yeah, I do know what you mean. Yeah
Anyways, um
I think the worst thing is gonna happen to the city of Orlando. Yes, is that no one's gonna have any material to steal
anymore
That's the end of Jim Phillips. Yeah, I mean he's got guys calling and doing your
Oh, and that kind of stuff. Are you serious? What a sleaze bag. You know
I mean, it's gonna be tough, but we'll get through when it'll give us a reason to travel down to South Florida
There you go. Have a great life Paco and have a good one and we'll talk to you soon. See
Jordan
Jordan all right, just keep picking that thing. Maybe it's 1109 and WIOD on a tremendous Friday
You can feel the energy on the bottom of your seat man. You can just feel it
So anyway, I should give that number for our friend over at the VIP link travel Bob Lincoln because this is the last day
We're on on SUN and I guarantee you y'all that there'll be like more than the 32
We still got 18 slots left on that one plane. It's going Tampa to
To a Vegas nonstop direct. They're like 50 seats on that plane
I mean, it's not the whole plane, but I'm just saying they're fit a section of 50 seats at a side
And we got 32 confirmed reservations. So we still got 18 got plenty of room if you like to go on that thing June 16th
Through the 19th at the Imperial Palace Hotel three nights and the whole thing
It's gonna be great a great time will be had and everybody will be had by all
Here's the toll free number if you want to call Bob today and make your reservations. It's 1 800
233 7264
1 800 233
7264 and of course our local numbers 947
605
947 650
Okay, let's just jump right into it. Here's a palm harbor. Hello. A meal. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
I'll be talking Bob's Laster's vehicle Saturday
What? I'm going Bob Laster's vehicle. Are you? Yes, sir. Okay
Monday evening he's going on a boat with Miss Sharon
Throw him in the water. Okay
closing
Sign at the cash and carat says they're hiring night stalkers
See yeah
Cute we have an open line and see that's one of the reasons I'm gonna miss it so much calls like that
Open line on a green line 18944 goodbye and here's a hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing Neil? Very good
Multibanny
See I um I'm just calling because just a day I was listening to your show which I enjoy
Of course you know of course what's not to like I'm not a hulio though. I'm on our burrito and I'm only half-stick the other half is
Wap oh my crowd make a speak-wap friend. Yes, right as they said in the godfather now
You have a large audience let me tell you a large large audience of sticks down here. No, make no mistake about that
Again, I want to tell you I enjoy the hell out of your show. I've even got a bunch of Puerto Ricans listening out there
Man who are big jury of Rivera fans and you can almost feel the grease coming through the speaker
Boy you must you're like half Cuban and half Italian. Yeah, boys talk about grease
Yeah, you must have to drain your hair every morning for half an hour real greasy and garlicky when in doubt ring it out
Hey, by the way the West Coast sucks. Yeah, really thanks. You have a great day
A lot of nice people lost over there, but it just needs some help
Yeah, well keep up the good work and have a nice weekend and a great afternoon. Which is gracias. Take care yourself. See you
Open line indeed
751 see I'm even back to the seeers today because I've been such a good god damn mood
We've been like a little depressed here to last the things have been like not all that good especially when we were like not
No one which hand was wiping the other and
What they were wiping it with
By the way, Flora should be here any minute now. They're having that chicken lunch whatever they do that company thing down there
So those people who want to eat the usual pedestrian fear that comes in down there go right ahead
But I have a feeling we'll have some pretty damn good stuff here in a second
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD and WSUN
I just by the way did anybody hear sports talk last night and those incredible interviews with Defoe and Manage and the new dolphin draft choices
But I tell you if brains count we're gonna like maybe not win a game all year
Looks like we got a pretty soft schedule by the way if you see that schedule
God looks like we play a bunch of American Legion teams next season. That should be pretty good
But god almighty and two toes Tim bowens there. Do you hear him?
I mean they kept like asking these making the questions longer and longer hoping to elicit the quest
I just love football. I have been playing football. Yeah, I love being here
Uh, but what about that accident what happened to that fight?
I just uh, I have it to be here. You know, I can do with anybody else. I have it to be here
At a boy, Timmy you tell a man. You'll fit right in here
Anyway, let's let's give him a show north Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm the guy just going to the Luiz McGill site
Oh, much as gracias. Any time man. Uh, I need to lodge a complaint see why are you taking out Luiz McGill? Uh oh
I mean really yeah, she's maybe maybe she just moved until like after a noon or
You know before they use a noon or something. Yeah, or my like 1230 or something. Yeah
Yeah, I mean, you know, I think that's some nerve that these people have got taken our uh, Luis away
That's right. Uh, that's the see I don't get that anyway now now maybe but maybe Randy's got a point when you play it at the end
And it's like a punctuation like an exclamation point like that's the end of the show and those people are not all that crazy about it
They like go elsewhere and they switch the dial around to do something else
Then they forget to come back
But if it's like a middle of the show, I mean they don't have some goddamn nerve to like switch away and not come back
That's right right. Yeah, I think you got a point and
Not it won't see I'm easy
She should look at it as
Enema at the end of the show you know with a little animal that's right. Here's the reason why he's experiencing and she gets brand new
Brand new college so for a start have you ever checked out Australian rules?
Uh, not for me. Are you sure why?
No, I just you know all those guys running around in kiltzer whatever it is
It'll catch your eye you know it'll catch my fly
Well, I'll give a peek hey listen
EC also wants to thank you for that tape because I loaned a turn she took it home over the weekend
I had to ring it out when she gave it back to me. That's how soaked it was
Oh great great
Okay, well, I just love to say hello. Okay, Luis returns 1230
I'm the case see ya
Open line in date 751 and two and brown are not on a day that everything is just smoking here
And this doesn't auger well for Monday. I'll tell you that I just sure hope I don't sit here on Monday
Which ordinarily Monday sucks to begin with and then say oh jeez I think I made a bad mistake
Because that'll really piss me off big time five two four w i o d and brown word part of the deal is that well
We're worried about it on Monday
Because they're gonna have to wait a long time today. I'll just tell you that right now
It's not no waiting. It's lots of waiting because we got to get to these green lines and say goodbye to all our good friends
They're gonna miss us so much, but first Miami. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir. Hey, how are you Neil pretty good sir? Hey, how about them heat man?
I bet he win a gal must forgot about that. Oh, he went to play off game last night
But uh don't you think I think mine are kind of sucked there. I didn't pay. I was too busy with my maple leaves
Yeah, man that guy that guy's somehow. Yeah, hey, I got a question for you. Yes, and you tell me the true or not. Okay. Yeah about that
Luis Miguel Rivera or whatever's name is ricky Rivera. Oh, yeah. Yeah
They told me personally that he's a dick junkie
Is that true? He likes Nixon. I don't know about his politics, but we'll find out well
Maybe he attended the funeral the other night. He said he likes Nixon. Jason. Don't start getting nervous
We have an open line in a day 75 what?
Did he say he's a drug addict?
Something like that leave Luis alone. Don't start don't ever call us showing bad mouth Louise man
You have something bad in your mouth fast
Open line of dates 751. I think I just said that I'm just I'm telling you I got more adrenaline flowing
It feels like I'm almost a born again here today. I feel like I'm alive like I got my life back
All of a sudden I have no line just the opposite all contrary
So anyway, I don't know 12 30. We'll see. Well, in fact, maybe when we play we'll see just how wide he opens his mouth
It's 11 21 at W I O D and W S U N
One of the biggest toll takes a W I O D one of the nicest Fridays I can think of
Here's the alley on the starline. Hello
They're catching up with it
Hey me how you doing pretty good?
It's radio off. Please you're killing it. Okay. There's a lot of alligators out here. All right
You're big out here jater country. Yeah, I'm number one of gators man also number one in the Gulf
I love there's a swamp buggy cafe. They have six tin blaring loud in there. All right. How you doing there at the swamp buggy cafe?
They love you. Uh-huh. Uh-huh
Anyhow yes, I'm trying to explain to my 11 year old daughter some of the double-on-tondraids that you're using
Yeah, which shall we tell the children of America about Neil Rogers? It's in the bag. It's in the bag. Doosh
Okay, she wants to say one thing to you
To the little shy. Can I turn your turn over to you? Sure. Go ahead
Trace this call. Hey listen abduck D in the car
Gany Ali against against her will. Yes, listen. I want to call somebody to do you back please? Okay
I want to wish all the while I see gap the all douchebag. What is her name her name is Ashley? Have a great life Ashley
boy boy
Okay
We have an open line in date 751 one on the starline at the pound iod
We want to hear from mobile Alabama and New Orleans and all those other place all those yahu's all along that Gulf coast
Who been like suck it in that s u n signal free all these last almost two years now?
It really is almost two years. It's almost May
We went on there and like the end of June
I think two years ago so it's pretty damn close to two years
And i'm pretty damn pumped up about it. Here's the keys on the poweline hello
Good by yahu's
Good by yahu's
Good by yahu's put your finger back as you know
Yes beauty
Neil yes sir did you happen to catch Bob Dole the Nixon planting the other day?
No, I did not. I was a beautiful thingy. See a cry and run off stage
He was pl- uh planting it when they planted Nixon. Yeah
Yeah, Bob Dole just lost it. He's by crying and said
But God bless Richard Nixon and God blessed the United States. What do you know that?
Lardass always says one good fascist deserves another that's right right and then closing
That's in between dutchland uber ollises. Yes
Hey camp up. How do you see?
Yeah, they're a little slow on that
We have an open line on the a pound line cell iod or pound iod
Just if you can't pound it sell it. That's what I always say pound iod or pound god like that one guy gets very upset and indignant if I don't say that
Boy, I just it's like a cleansing like the air is cleaner in here is something. I know it's psychological but boy. It's like uh
man
And one thing I want to say right now because I know that certain someone's i'm not going to mention any names
They're probably going to be doing a lot of bad mouthing now and making all kinds of accusations
But one thing i'm going to tell you right now and that is that i'm not saying anything different than I have last almost two years
Which is probably one of the reasons that the one of many reasons this showed and go over that big
I'm not going to say he's like oh god
What a great place and man what a sophisticated great market and what tremendous people at what am I going to say that for
I mean what kind of credibility?
You have what you just suck around for the purpose of sucking around
It's basically the whole most of the state is deep south yahu knows picking bible thump and phony baloney hypocritical
Hard-ass country and that's it
And
We're tickled at that that we weeded out and found like like in the midst of all of that some real living and breathing people and that's great
And we appreciate that
Here's the oveado
On eight hello
I know how you're right pretty good say it ain't real nia
It's real man your leaving is real as they say in jiruslam is real
Well, who's going to be filling your sweat filling my slot will be a show called the hooters on the radio
It's a it is
I'm serial. I'm sorry. It's a spin off of the run and run network
And it's going to include Lin Austin the hooter personality Lin Austin with her big hooters and Brenda Lee and
Julie Williams and
Fez douchebag probably and some of those run and run people and then of course the jason was just asking
It's a good question. What will be on on the weekend? He asks out. I have a feeling like the best of the best of everything except me
Yeah, we hate to see you guys
Love you and take care. I appreciate it. Thanks for the memories. Okay. See you
Boy, there's sounded a little modeling over there today. Well, that's the way it goes
You get that loyal but small core you have a loyal small one
Uh, let's go to lady. We haven't had like no ladies today. Here's a lady in Tampa calling on her dime. Hello
Oh, Neil. We're dying over here. Are you? Yes. Get used to it. What's wrong?
It'll be okay. Oh well, I'm going to Vegas. I'll get to see you. Are you going with us? That'll be great
That's another reason the people from over there should go to Vegas. We can have like a little reunion with them
Yes, it'll be so sad. Not a little bonding
But I did get a GE super radio, but I can't pick up the station. No, it's too close to a 620
Is it yeah, that's all like I was a blobbo
If you can get a group of your friends together and knock their tower down
It probably would come in a lot better coming real good. Yeah, a big better blobbo was under it
Well, what can I say about him? Just a walk in Turdberger just a real bitter disappointment with this whole ambiance of his phony life
But that's where it goes
Yeah, but are we going to hear Louise Miguel today?
1230 as a last last one for us. Oh, that's right. That would be the last one for the West Coast 1230 and a PM 1230 sharp
Yes, and could I have one request anything you like today is like a very very loose Friday. I want to hear
Louise Miguel's on surface side
Okay, okay. See you. We'll miss you Neil. Bye-bye
Okay
Louise Miguel's a
What did he say if your mess with Nixon's grave does that make you a dick disturber?
