Rye!
You jackass!
You thought radio's 6th in WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show to talk with Neal call 751 WIOD from date.
524 WIOD from Rower.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free.
1-800-944 WIOD.
You've heard!
A mobility customer can call star IOD at no charge.
And cellular one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
The opinion is expressed by the host guests.
The caller is not necessarily those of the station or sponsors.
Now Neal Rogers on U-SKR-Gradio 610 WIOD.
You can pass all my hang-go great!
Yeah, any popo time!
There is flight thing the lion king and they won't go away.
The lion has gone too far, he's even on.
I can't leave all of them.
I can't tell everything.
He pushed me prior to further pain.
The lion king is on everything.
Call it Disney on the right.
The sound is so, so, so, so, you're just lost.
Just a proper sight of sight.
The robot don't have every justice even all I got.
It's just one part of the thing.
You're due to safety.
That's funny, are you?
Oh, my pocket!
My empty pocket!
It's my wallet's feeling light!
The kids can't, they'll hug me.
All I feel cr instrumental, they'll be boys tonight!
I never let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay...
Don't let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay, don't let you pay...
不知道 who did it?
Go back to the tingle, earned a lot of light.
this what is that is that lipstick uh-huh is it it is lipstick for vintage
George Jackie looks like you're shade somebody has like a pie we got this
a big picture this is the one that was in at Glossy magazine was this an
ocean dry well magazine was this one for whatever was in it's not important
anyways the picture of Orlando in his bathing suit eating a burger he's got
the meat in his mouth and eating a burger as well and somebody it's the
frame picture that the guy said it said what the American hamburger is
done for the Cuban boy boy and here's your land it would kind of like a
moderately a p.o. look on his post like what am I doing here is this a way to
make a living and somebody is like a polite lipstick right around his
puppet right around the navel this look like my shade here's Miami on the
purple line hello hey me how you doing okay yeah you should talk about the
casino gambling issue because I'm calling about you yeah how could it be an
issue when nothing's going on well I'm really surprised that these guys haven't
started a real PR Blitz campaign well I got to wait until the Supreme Court says it
can go on the ballot which is supposedly this weekend and they're gonna have
two months and they're gonna have to go out there and beat people over the
head I mean it's a real shame that they don't realize where a boost would be to
jobs yeah well now you're talking radical sir we don't want to get too radical in
this area I mean you heard the old geezer see more dealt with they that deal is
coming to take on country away okay we have an open line in date 751 and one
I'm not the purple line how come I just had this feeling you know I just knew
it but if you let him go long enough he would say crap and he eventually took
one right on the air as sunshine's on US travel Florida still under a
cloud in US say today a record summer for travel nationwide hasn't pulled
Florida out of the tourism doldrums and this article by the way was written
before the two Italian tourists got nearly killed right outside of Orlando
which happened just before on a vacation this happened before that and it
talks about how the Europeans are staying away in droves and about how the
family tourism the Vegas tourism is up 24.6% through June of this year
against the same for six months of last year etc etc etc so Vegas is booming
you can walk the streets it's safe it's clean it's beautiful it's fun it's
great all the big name entertainers are there and what do we got we got or yeah
we got that we got illegal aliens and that's about it
hallelujah and Bible thumpers of course repressive right wing Neanderthal from
the darkest stone age mentality Bible thumpers man trying to drag everybody back
into the distant past because of their own psychological problems here's
Hollywood hello Hollywood on a date line and all I hear is is that up your
nose with the rubber hose we have an open line in date 751 one on the cellular
one line at pound IOD here's a lady in Coral Springs hello hey Neil hi okay
you had a good vacation great the best good Lisa why do they keep on changing the
challenge character and you're gonna rest with what's going on there I don't
know I would have it in like a high-end I don't know what her story is but she's
still on she because I saw tomorrow is this morning and she's still on there but
the bad part for her is that I guess just when that character is getting
together with Nick she's gonna be on the out she's out but the other one
bringing in you said she was on another show she older I don't know really
because I'm not familiar with the show I think it was a one-life to live something
like that oh listen just a question and it should be she'll be on in about 10
days I think oh really yeah yeah what's a Yenta and trainer a Yenta don't you
know what a Yenta is no I know a Yenta is like an old fish wife somebody who
doesn't necessarily have to be a blabbermouth a tabletale somebody who spreads
this tail stories really yeah oh yeah like a gossip oh so a Yenta in training
is somebody who like it isn't necessarily old but when they get old they'll
be living in cemetery village sticking their nose in everybody else's business
oh so the person you were talking about said called it on Friday she was the
Yenta in training which one is that oh so person who you said you know she's
not a chronic but her husband is and she would lie and you know why is that
belly bitch was that you was that mean no that wasn't oh no I would never do
that okay I'm just a nice person but I'm afraid well don't be a Yenta I will and
have a great day to know what is what is she talking about how come this off
button is so weak man I hit the off button about 75 times before it gets off we
have an open line in the purple line their pound IOD just keep pounding away to
your hearts the light about seven or eight times 12 minutes past noon at your
heartless and cruel and the relentless station WIOD
see boats boats and more boats at the coconut grove voting for show Thursday
September 8 through Sunday the 11th at the coconut grove
Clemie
good morning
four
the sparks this harvest
the chair
to have your short leaf line.
Yard days are done,
and when they finally start to wrap you in.
I'll pull the switch
and proudly wave by by
Oh, a nail!
No!
Anyway, 1260 is W.I.D.
I was thinking about playing something appropriate for Danny Boy,
and I had a different Danny Boy in mind.
They don't have anything for Danny Boy.
So we had to do for Danny Rowling,
but I guess you could say the only way that Marino could have gotten any hotter yesterday
would have been if he was sitting in Danny's lap on the chair.
That might be something.
Where is my Danny thing?
Okay, I did play it once today,
but it's certainly worth it,
and I wish it was a good one, but it's not.
It's not.
Then, Marino, where's the god?
Oh!
Anyway, let's do a bokeh.
How come Palm Beach County is so goddamn active today?
What happened? I'll just come back?
Boca, hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty damn good. Happy Labor Day to you?
Happy Annelier.
Hey, listen, now welcome back.
Happy Gupras.
And welcome back from Italy.
I bet the customs people, when you get off the plane,
they go, hey, there's Neil Rogers.
Yeah, they say, yeah, just go through.
We know you are a fat slob.
Just go through with all your pasta and get out of here.
Hey, how's the food over there?
I believe.
Oh, man, to die for.
When you get off the plane here,
you just don't, you want to get right back on it, huh?
Especially when you get off and you walk out in the back of your
middity.
Oh, my God, it's like, it's like you just, as soon as you get outside
the door of the airport, you would start walking into a wall of scrap.
Liquid, liquid, wet.
In addition to which, let me say one more time,
I know it's not going to have any impact.
But all this crap, you know, they painted these little signs with the sun symbol
and everything, so tourists don't get lost from my international.
I've lived here for almost 20 years,
and I still can't figure out how to get home from my international airport.
I know how to get there, but leave in there, man.
It starts out with like five different things.
If you want to go 836 west, you stay away.
And then all of a sudden, the narrow is down to like three different directions.
And some of the roads they were looking were they, they just disappeared like
836 to the Palmetto.
It don't exist anymore.
I wonder if people are getting lost like crazy.
And many of finally, so my only option at this point is to get out
112 and go over to 95 and go up north to the turnpike.
So I get on that thing.
And just like the last time, the road branches in the three different roads
and one is 95 south, another one is 95 north for Lauderdale,
and another one is something else.
And when you get to the divisions there, it doesn't say which one is which.
Take your choice.
Oh my God, this town is so inept that it's frightening.
Amazing.
Listen, I wanted to say about the casinos.
We're talking a little bit about casinos today.
And I was up in New Jersey for four weeks and I went down Atlantic City.
Yeah.
I know it's not Vegas, but I'll tell you what, the casinos were jammin'
and there were so many jobs that were have been created up there.
And it took me a half an hour to get on a blackjack table in any of the casinos.
I'm talking everyone.
Trump's got three of them up there.
Yeah.
And it's just amazing.
There's a lot of work and the worst type of crime is unorganized crime.
I mean, if there's crime going on up there, you would never know it because there's plenty of security.
There's plenty of, it would help this town immensely.
And I just, eventually, the problem is.
You have to be an imbecile not to know that.
And if it's a hell of a commentary, all you have to do is listen to the Phil Henry show
and hear how many stupid people are out there.
And they don't understand why we're still living in the dark ages in the state.
It's just loaded with stupid people.
That's right. And eventually the tide will turn and there'll be enough young people
and people that will be a little more liberal and give it a chance because it's right around the corner in Louisiana.
And who knows? Georgia will be next and we're going to be one of the only people that doesn't have it.
Hoi! Yeah.
Well, we'll get rid of this.
As usual, we're always last with the least. That's us.
And one other thing I was up in New York and let me tell you,
I was listening to Howard for a couple of weeks.
I couldn't wait to get back, man. I brought tapes of you up there and all my friends were into you.
Your show is ten times better. His show was terminal.
Well, since they gave him the operation and cut his balls off, he just don't have it anymore.
Sadly. I mean, it was, it was sad a lot.
I had to turn it off quite a few times.
Okay, pal. Welcome back to a really depressing place.
And welcome back to you. And in closing to my roommate, Foti, Cian Maui.
Okay. Bye-bye. See ya.
Hoping on the agreement line. I think everybody is finally come back now.
It's about time. All summer long, we've been sitting around here dying over here waiting for you people like Ross Perot says,
it's you people. You're the problem.
I'm talking, I still think that Wayne has in his Ross Perot with a different haircut.
It's the same guy, same crappy attitude, same hostility, same little dictator, same Napoleonic complex.
But thank God it was really his brother-in-law not Wayne at all to heat, right? Right.
Just as Cian, he'll tell ya.
The funny afternoon at W.Y.O.D., you walk on your floors all the time or maybe you like crawl around on your hands and knees on them.
When you crack dirt on your toddler wood floor, it's just grab a broom and sweep it up.
Is that what you do? Well, how about your carpeting?
I don't think you can sweep that up with a broom can ya.
You're gonna cheese on it and that's Italian and put on some checkered red and white tablecloths and that's Italian. Yeah, right.
I got your Italian right over here, man.
All these places that pretend to be Italian, they wouldn't know Italian food if you stuck it up their ass.
In fact, some of their food tastes... Okay, let's go to Margate. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing, sir?
I'm a one-time listener, a long time caller. I moved the way about three years ago.
Where did you go? Just out of DC in Virginia.
Oh my God. Rest in Virginia.
And the last thing I did before I left was drop off pace for you as a prisoner.
Oh yeah. A million years ago.
How's Patrick been going to one?
I saw him on the sci-fi channel up there.
Yeah, they are running in. We have 120 channels.
Well, I have like 300 and some because I have a settler.
You are as additional. Yeah, correct.
I just want to call them say hi. You are a breath of fresh air. I'm an issue sorely.
I'm not a good two-sour.
Well, I'm not an sci-fi Howard, but Don and Mike and G Gordon and all of them up there are three-leam.
And all my friends are always telling me they send me tapes of you, Phil, Mark, all the guys I turned on to your show over the years still listening.
I mean, Vinny of Bravo Pizza. I turned on to you when he became a sponsor at one point.
Uh-huh.
And I just want to say hi and how badly we miss you up north.
And I hear everybody here is the same kitchen and moaning.
Same craft. That's it.
It will never change. The humidity will never change. The altitude will never change.
The age will never change. The paranoia and the repression will never change.
So we wanted to make you feel at home.
I can't believe I almost had a while to pick up a flut, to go out to date.
There you go. It is bad action. I was in AC last week.
I picked up $400, 24 hours a day. Something's happening. Not here.
Okay.
Thank you.
Welcome back. I'm glad to hear you're happy to be here.
One more day.
Yeah, okay.
Bye-bye.
We have an open line on the blue line, as in blue here, at 5249463.
And one on the green line, which has been extremely active today, which is kind of surprising.
All the yentos up there in Boka. They got the day off today. All the big shots.
All the big plastic people in Boka.
Boy, there's something stinks in here. I think it's me.
You know how like when you have a cold, you smell real bad?
No, it's not that cigar.
Are you smoking a cigar in here? This is a Tutsi rule.
That's what stinks. I'm sitting here and I'm thinking, God, I mean, I took a good shower.
My clothes are clean. I'm doing my house meant to look at this because I got just a little bit of a cold, a little touch.
But, and something stinks and I'm thinking it's me. You know, it's not me. It's you.
It's coming through the events, man. It smells like toaches.
God is at a crappy. He's smoking a cigar. I just want to put that on the record.
Nice knowing you.
Poor Waterdale. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I like to talk. I went out to fill up clients and there is no Luis out there.
That lady, that lady who called a life.
He said he's going to be there this weekend signing autographs.
Oh, he ain't out there.
Huh?
He ain't out there. I don't know what's there. There isn't even any advertisement for it.
Yeah, I think he's just a hallucinating. He probably had a fantasy dream over the weekend.
Anyways, did you read the National Fire Lately?
No.
He got that pizza guy in there.
What pizza guy's there?
I bought a box of bulls.
You know, Leroy always hit the inquire. I think that's a good place for it.
Yeah, they made a full one to talk about them. But anyways, I just thought I'd let you know about that.
Okay.
All right. Let me know when Luis gets here.
All right. Okay, see, we'll make sure to keep him away from you or the other way around.
We have an open line on the blue line. 524, 1 on the green line.
1-800. All you crazy people out there that want to go ahead and mob him, you know, and crawl and grab and me first.
You know, don't go, don't go running out there and start acting like a fool if he shows up in town this weekend.
Start licking, right? Get your tongue sharpened up, baby.
He'll be here October 6th and 7th. That's for sure. This is no make-believe at the James Knight Center.
Tickets at ticket mastery if there's any remaining.
And if we ever get that package from all your good connections there, who haven't even sent me the new album.
Is that embarrassing or what? I feel like, uh, loved like, you know, small potatoes.
They might have, bro. We know.
Yeah, they might have, but of course there's nobody around here because it's another four day busman's holiday here.
I'm sure they all left it noon on Friday and there's not a dog in his joint today.
And a copy, that, that, I'm serious.
It's thank God we got a new program director in here who really made up his mind.
He put his nose to his ass of the grindstone. He said, we're going to solve this copy problem, the sales problem.
I don't care what kind of a buck plug Jeff Clark is. We're going to really do it. And boy, he has really done it.
Not, man, it's not getting better. It's getting worse.
I mean, what kind of a piece of crap was that? Hello?
I think I'll hold on. I'll hold on.
Okay.
I'd like to say that bitch that sent that card in that she don't listen to the station because there's only white people here.
What the hell was that? How did she know she had the wrong number? I'd just barely said hello.
Oh, because I sounded white. That must have been a tip off. Here's North Miami. Hello?
We're in the people. If you want to mess with Mandage.
Dan Moreno. Dan.
Let's go to Hollywood. Hello? Hollywood.
There was a Hollywood I won before there wasn't there. And others are Hollywood I won again. That's still isn't there.
We have an open line in day 751. One on the green line. Bokeh West Palm. Jupiter. Lantanel Lake.
Worth it if you're under the age of 100. If you want to express yourself. If you want to speak your piece, baby.
If you want to open your mouth up. If you've got some to say. Then call somebody else.
What does that mean if that guy in Cooper City? Are you the fat guy?
I am the fat guy. I know.
Which fat guy?
You fat guy. The old doesn't have the fat guy. It just became fat.
What does that mean?
Nothing. I'm a friend of jazz. And he did a hell of a job where you were giddily enjoying your shrimp.
Campy?
Yeah. I didn't have any shrimp scampy, but that's okay.
Oh, let me tell you. I had a stand. I was on the other side.
I had a small story for you. Years ago, I was tramping across Europe.
I hooked up with my folks and were all, my dad is a shrimp scampy freak.
I mean, the guy, you know, he salivates when he hears the word.
Sit there, it says, where is a great restaurant? I said, well, there's one that I've been passing by lately.
It's been looking good. My friends recommended let's go there.
He orders a shrimp scampy when the waiter comes out with it.
My dad almost passes out. I'm looking at him. What's the problem?
It was the full shrimp. They were all lined up like little soldiers are staring at it.
You had to pass it over to my mother. You couldn't eat it. They were staring at him. He was looking.
He was looking. He freaked.
Now, jazz is gone. Sounds like a real pussy to me. Oh, yeah, he is a pussy. Yeah. That's my dad. That's why he disowned me.
Jazz is gone. Yeah. I'm with jazz.
Hotsameth, Sanatova, Betzome, Cognil. Meaning what? Hotsameth has happy holiday in Hebrew. Oh.
Sanatova, I think you understand that. Yeah. And Soma Cal for Yom Kippur, which means a easy fast.
Okay. Okay. When you answer to the positive. All right. Good luck to you, pal. See you.
Get out of here. Uh, one of jazz's people. Let's speak for itself. We have an open line. Indeed. 751.
Jazz is okay. Just the widely misunderstood. Uh, did I say 1236? You can never give the time to
often because it kills a lot of good time. Anyway, if fire ants are a problem around your house or
business call to get the number or the location of the organic plus dealer closest by you, 1-800-266-4674 organic
plus is an earth based insecticide. It has a low impact on the environment. Just four table spoons
of organic plus and a gallon of water. Your fire ant problem is gone. The guy came in here about
a month ago and he had ants in his pants and killed them dead with organic plus. They just walk
into it and by the big. They disappear. Just eat them up alive. It's registered with the EPA. And
you're family and pets too. It's effective against termites and beetles and cockroaches. Look
what it did to John Lennon and just about any kind of insect you can think of. Give organic plus
and trice available by calling 1-800-266-4674. You can order if you call it at number or they'll give you
the location of the dealer closest by you organic plus products include fire ant killer household
insecticide and flea anticular for dogs and cats and crawling insecticide killer. It kills and
dead. It's odorless and it's all right to use about humans and your pets too. So give it a
little bit of all those bugs and especially those nasty disgusting miserable fire ants once and
for all by ordering organic plus today by calling 1-800-266-4674. Dealer inquiries are welcome or
visit your local truly Nolan consumer outlet. For example Miami commercial at 61-35 Northwest
167 street unit E7 in Miami call 823-2847. Hi, when can we get a pickup with moon for the kids to ride
very very good ride with us. Sure, but only if I stay home with it.
Look your date, Valor GMC truck killer knows you can't carry a family of four in a pickup
of two. That's why we're offering the brand new all new 1994 Sonoma extended dead pickup with
one for two plus two and cargo two at a special value monthly payment so low we can't tell you
I'm a radio. What's more these Sonomas are equipped with GM value option packages which makes
them an even better buy so both get imports for get bored instead check with your nearest date
Brawler GMC truck dealer of course they are add new and newspaper either way you'll discover
just how affordable your monthly payments can be on a new 94 Sonoma pickup with extended cab
and more right now with your date Brawler GMC truck dealer. Sounds largest family truck dealer.
Keeping glow the kids and I love our new Sonoma and its extended cab. Yeah now there's room for them
Angel and Rolf Astro everyone knows that they fall last one. This afternoon and two don't miss
Phil Hendry every one of them right here. Are you sure? Yes! That's what you are, your baby!
Fabric said that the birds of liar the birds of liar the birds of liar fabric said that the birds
of liar the birds of liar the birds of liar the birds of liar the birds of liar
what can we have on the phone here? We can have some of these liar liar the birds of liar
the birds of liar fabric said that the birds of liar what is it? How you doing now? It's one of the
wheel man the shine man you ought to go into business with shoes Steve you can choose
shoes shines together first of all happy new year and the back to you. Happy rush Ashana?
Yeah. How about the game yesterday? Well don't just skip over then I listen I have good news for you
whatever you know the weekend when a jester coming in that weekend I'm going to be in Vegas
saying Luis Miguel at Seasers. I'm a ma seater oh hi hi hi and so I won't be getting back in time
to see the jets in the dolphins. Really? Yeah. So I'm going to give away my tickets to the jets
dolphins game am I parking pass? Great wait a minute wait a minute you were at the game yesterday
yes did you talk to the manny beach cop that sits in front of you? There's no cops in front of oh you
mean Larry yeah did I talk to him I talked him during the whole game he's high-fiving and slapping
and also just about knocked my glasses off one time he got so excited and that I smack him in the back
of the neck okay why next game ask him if I was there because I was talking to him the day that I
went to the game throughout the entire game that read says there was nobody there that day look
he even saw the bridge the bridge of wire why he even saw that rich fat rich also says by the way
that he called my house on Saturday when my mother was there taking care of my dogs when I was still
on route back from Italy and then my mother did a yanza routine on the phone with him and belly
aching about the fact that all of us was diet soda in the house and all this diet food and all
this other stuff and at she you know as if she's got palsy as if I didn't go out and buy her a
nice new car she can go to the windixie or the public right up the street and buy all the fattening
stuff which I know that she did anyway and brought like bicycles and popsicles and the fattening
crap and because it says fat free on the box she thinks she's eating good loaded with sugar all
kind it was pretty good what she left over by the way and she was a hawk and a china to this poor fat
guy he said he couldn't get her off the phone whining and carrying on so the next time I go away
I guess I'm gonna have to stock the refrigerator with a bunch of fattening crap because she really
needs it there you go the birds of wire yeah so you weren't there were you weren't there no I was
I did I did give my jets tickets to fat rich by the way that'll make you feel better uh for the
jets game oh okay see you out with me seriously you can ask I die answer is I did I give it to
yesterday I give my tickets and my parking pass okay because I'll be coming back from Vegas I will
not be here which breaks my heart because it looks like it's gonna be a great game again well I'll
be there anyway were you there yesterday no I wasn't uh huh see because you know no you know why
because I thought we were gonna start the year off low I mean I didn't expect this to happen
oh so in other words you only want to go when you're pretty sure that we're gonna win like if we
were playing pipe or high like if we were playing a girl school like the hurricanes no one's
grade five school it's like one step away from vassar no other guys have like only one descendant
testicle you do understand that that's one of the prerequisites for getting on the Georgia
Southern football team you have must have only one descendant testicle like a like a
originally like a horse seriously you're you're laughing I'm telling you that's the uh pre you
just go and check it out next time they come in a town okay I will they're all like John Croc
well I just want to say if this was the first game of the year I'm gonna have a heart attack
by the pandemic December come time yeah well yeah it's obvious you're a real fan you get free tickets
and don't even show up at the beach I showed up I wouldn't have even I would have gone to the
station you just okay describe describe for me the other people who sit in the row in front of me
you talked about Larry the cop from the beach you probably probably know him because he busted you
but no no he was actually look he was sitting next to us he was sitting next to me he was sitting next
to me he wasn't sitting where he always that's not his seats I know I wasn't but he was just there for
who was sitting on the other side of you uh some old guy yeah okay and and and who is next to him
oh I didn't look that far I couldn't even leave you okay because those school kind of like
really quiet and he didn't thought anybody prepared like a couple women here he's your
inner father what the school teacher and her father sit on that side okay yeah well I didn't
I didn't see all the way out there I just what do you mean all the way out there they would
have been sitting right next to you what are you talking about all the way out there okay right next
to you was the school teacher's father yes okay well I didn't see school teacher well she
sits on the other side of him he's pretty fat you wouldn't see her I didn't and he's not that bad he's
he's there good people and everybody read by the way congratulations to the dozen of us who sat
through that goyasha invocation on the eve of russia shrona at the gang yesterday congratulations
we got about a dozen people this year got the balls not to stand for a religious exercise which
has no place and a god damn football game go ahead sir by the way did you like the announcer at the
stadium there who ron st john he's been doing it for like a hundred years no no no no the guy that
was doing the the the calling on the game on the p8 that's ron st john is that the guy who is doing
it that other game I've been through this and was Greg's fating because ron st john had to go to
a brisk oh I see that guy yeah he was horrible that's not the regular guy okay in other words that
was the first off in game you've ever been to no no no no that you're out that we're not even
sure if you were there but you so what are you talking about that's not the ron st john okay well
it wasn't the thing guy that well he won't be invited back believe me trust me I hope not he was here
he was horrendous well he's just as good here believe me well listen William glad you enjoyed the game
okay and everybody I'll be out there a few games and outgoing yeah yeah yeah we believe you we believe
it all right okay well okay bye bye see ya now can I ask you a question what am I watching
I thought I was watching channel six words the young in the horny I'm watching a we'll help you
picture right antenna it's like Rick Riley's house it's like a distorted picture it's an ad for
something isn't the US open on on today oh no you know they can take that tennis crap and they can
stick those balls right up their ass they're doing the US open today no wonder I've been sitting here
I'm like you know trying to pay a little bit of attention to the show more than usual because it's
the first day back after the day forget it but and I'm looking out of the corner of my I'm thinking how
come I don't see a young in a horny on today and now I noticed that it's the them the useless open
ah gee now how long is this gonna go on all week or today the finals it can't be the finals
is Pete Sanfors at least playing today huh that little monkey can we say that yeah we can say
that he's white see it's okay this day he looks like a monkey but if Howard Cossil said Alvin
Garrett of the redskins looked like a little monkey then then they make a big racial thing out of it
is Howard still alive by the way I was thinking about that on a plane trip back I was thinking about
people where it did and those who should be and I guess Howard's still alive but he's got the
shape so bad that he can't stay still long enough for us to see him boy he remember with last a
few times he did the Kentucky Derby on ABC and the mic would be like oh geez I mean his wig was flying
yeah there's New York there's Manhattan for you there's the world trade set up there's the
Empire State Building and there's the U.S. God damn open how do you like that and here's these two
douchebags that's that Jim Nance and that Mary Carillo who's the brother used to play
poncho on a Cisco kid Leo Carillo and this is it and where's that what's her name Sanchez
material and Steffi Graff oh she gives me a look at the Shnows and that bitch that Steffi Graff
she is this that wasn't her that was the German bitch she still gives me a pain in the ass we're
watching women's tennis oh my god it's not bad enough we can't even see Pete Sanchez who at
least looks almost human we got to watch women's tennis and a bunch of bull bikes out there batten
the ball back and forth where the hell is Billie Jean Queen when we need her and Martina
she'll approach those guys up a little bit she'll give him what for so the show's not on today
is this also going to be on tomorrow because I saw the young and a horny for tomorrow
now what are we watching it is women look at all the empty seats look at the empty seats and
that crowd you can go bowling in the stands in here because they got some pansy women's tournament
on there 1248 at your very psychotic station as the Holy Moments ago w-i-o-d hi everybody this is
Vic side of the bed I want you to listen to the Phil Headsley show but they through five they
two the six of the after the third Phil deals with the W. Cissius serious issues of the bed he
talks about swit and he talks about house cab he talks about the table and the farble he also
to grab my leaning so listen to Phil Henry to the six every weekday afternoon on the w-i-o-d
so what do you do in this movie? I'm in a long damn place. What do you buy a D?
well I feel uh since I'm like awake I don't feel like I'm right I should be you know like
uh man you know
but no matter what the guy in the T. C. wouldn't stand the fact that he's in the white house
I think he'll read left to talk too easy as a fate for hearts and he's a rose
he's a bandit job the stuff remains of powers that I think he's able to view days
by Jenny dollars short hair health care has landed his underwear to fill the
pocket ball for me my soul mergers this is from the house of him let me talk to Frank
going about health care after all these late nights with these ladies I'm gonna need
book off I'm here G. It's time for a change have the shippers bring me in a
brood at this time we've on the purple sati wouldn't rain that's as bad he got his budget plans
and ask I guess he figured once he got in the office he could re-school the middle class
the damn long class stop the can of eight was super that's the ball he said aboard he lived the art
assault to work sex play mad me he said he got my J. F. A. the Phills a crackable to me
the white house that the park and how it's not a foley fuck build the top of balls and memes
prof. 53 W. I. D. That was stethy graph with the big stars I should have been able to tell
because well she's not that dark she's playing this black and you watch this other woman and I
use that word loosely this bull bike that she's playing this big black zenith garrison jackson shorts
she's got legs like tree trunks even the redwoods are like pale in the comparison compared to her
waiting to see that and she's got a schnauz this steppe see women's sports wouldn't be so bad if
they were like real women playing them then it might be interesting I doubt it but it might be
but when they got all these bull bikes out there like pretending to be women it's like watching
the damn olympics again like watching all those eastern european women with the steroids
here's hollywood hello third time hollywood on a daydeline three strikes you're out let's go to
a pompano hello hello yes sir first time call us out okay sir yeah you just see the
the guy just yesterday morning did I see one the guy TV guy from the thong centino yes I did what's
gonna have you right it was heavy was heavy paper yesterday yeah all the 75,000 pages of ads in there
get lost in the front page of the TV guy I didn't see it rossan that's why we're so heavy yeah yeah
yeah rossan good pick and pal yeah she's going to be the horse in the video music award she's
going to be the horse's ass yeah man yeah I can't believe it no more decent people to put it like a horse
what does she have to do with TV music by nothing nothing to go yeah she's a big cow that's
all she is she ought to be out there playing tennis right now with the new garrison jackson shorts
so calling that's good then yeah yeah there you go now we got something it looks like it looks like
they're not going to have the strike where we got the training camp is going out and it'll just
be a matter of weeks man we'll be in heaven again yeah Peter's bores and where right now
is in St. Petersburg yeah okay yeah you know I was reading the the money magazine there's a
yeah well if you can't make it read about it yeah they show the 300 best places in
I mean America's believe yeah guess what Buffalo was 299 close 277 there you go just above Miami
yeah okay have a great day and I go yeah welcome back I'm still came you'll be is okay see you
open line and brow are five to four yet they had a thing about like major markets I don't
remember there this wasn't money but it was just before I went away the most desirable places
and they rated like 15 different cities and Miami was number 15 huh why weren't doing it baby
we have got it for you but we're still like 200 notches ahead of Buffalo guys got a good point
and how about those bills yesterday oh man they must be sitting shivvy you know that house I always
talk about two blocks from me where they have the big bills the the bills helmet on that stupid
shed they've got up I mean we're talking about bills fans to the point of obnoxious they're obsessed
with it and they must be just three points against the jets the boomer was in a coma during the
entire preseason they were predicting like the disaster for the jets and right there in rich
stadium in Buffalo in orchard park new york they get their ass kicked by the jets I love it
I bet Jim Kelly's going to be spending all week paint and that ball spot north Miami Beach on
the purple line hello I hate it on great I just you know you're talking about the satellite
earlier in your show yeah I was very disappointed with the with the TVN the TV yesterday yeah
it was like looking through a filter or something yeah yeah there was only I think that I don't
remember the numbers but the coast Houston game that picture was crystal clear that was a good one
was on it maybe six I think but most of the other eight channels the picture was it was like either
mediocre or like eight the one I said before the the bears and bucks game that picture was awful
yeah I very disappointed did you get the dolphin game on your thing no well I don't I don't know
because I left you know I went to the game so you're blacked out supposedly well I registered my
I registered my thing with a relative you registered your thing well the you know you have to
register right you're you're you know yeah you're you yeah yeah but I came I got the dolphin
interestingly enough you got it I yeah came in because I'm right it's in the name of a relative
somewhere else because somebody before said they tried that and he didn't it didn't work yeah not
only that but you could pick it up on wx ia the Atlanta NBC and bz also well that's it oh really
yeah because bz is in Boston and they carried the Patriots yeah it's the only one I didn't try well
obviously however bz is also losing in bc like very very soon I think in January
although it'll be like the whole regular season will be on bz nobody won't be we won't be the
Patriots won't be playing here again so it's meaningless now well I don't I guess it's worth it
but I was very just my last year when it was everything was on the on k2 the pictures like you say
well you know when everything was in a clear when the nsc used to be on mostly on t1 and then you
have to fish around for a couple of them right and all the ns the a fc games like you say it'd be
on k2 on a kuban and the picture was just outstanding I mean clear as a bill and now they're trying to
you know because they've tenneled us all our suckers and they held us up for the money oh it's great
because it's all on one satellite you can just in shulas even doing these spots you probably saw
them yesterday and you can zip up and down and watch all the well it used to be that way anyway
they were on two different satellites and you could watch all the games you didn't have to pay for
and the word they you know and there was no blackouts yeah this is like this is almost the
waste of i'm not sure that there's you can get them probably can fish around get a lot of the game
just uh i've watched most of the city uh city uh stations yeah well i think i got it for 79 bucks
because i got it when i was renewing showtime and movie channels part of a package but even you know
it's not the price it bothers me so much but like you said the fact that the picture quality is so
many ochre and they put it on a satellite that's old and crappy i mean who who wants to pay for that
absolutely i i i would say more to get the kind of picture we had last year right that was
ridiculous i'd pay double if they would just get Terry Bradshaw for there okay pal good luck to us
say you like it yeah it is another example of the way they fleece the consumer and it you know
comes back to the same thing again baseball around strike the seasons as good as over forget about it
uh you know football they got deon running around he wants 30 made any one system hockey were like
peeing in our pants are they're gonna have the season and then now the thing i'm telling the
oh he got $50,000 who might let you watch a gamer too with a crappy picture south florida's news talk
and entertainment station news talk radio six tin wio d by having port letter
hey chemistry four okay simpson out within east brane for the rest of this game just lick them
news talk radio six tin wio d presents the neo rajor show to talk with the yoke all 751 wio d from dayed
five two four wio d from rowar outside the three oh five area code it's toll free one eight hundred
nine four four wio d those are mobility customers can call star iod in no charge and cellular one
customers can call town iod in no joy he opinions expressed by the most guest of colors and not
necessarily those of the station or sponsors now neo rajor's on new talk radio six tin wio d
give up the time for that is a bubble bubble bubble you track out oh just then
the time the night was a year old love by millions across the land and went to visit his ex-wife now
your purse she was hanging with another man the juice went home now for a night's best
team at and a pair of gloves and back he went but she was tipping her friend the waiter
and giving more than 15% with you can take it start a slice and I can don't you know
was that the airport before they fell he made a touchdown in old chicago it's
in the
i love my hotel but the L.A.D.A.
well he flagged all day
power legal procedure
with a night that's the prison yard penalty he's fed with conviction that's what gets
when you have to wipe i don't yell it everywhere it'll get away bruh go
breath in something to his go i wish and he was dead but it was a cell phone no night of his
soul to a side by summa keep it his head oh well if i let go of my now it's up to the jury
but he will surely be dead of life a matter of people they are safe they feel bad for all jay
pay for getting okay
oh the half-wife
half-the-wife in team
half-the-five may know jay so black
one-oh-waited w-w-w-w-w-g you know cbs really sucks not only they lose the NFL the fox which
you know took all they took all the losers over their terry branch and all these other
marginal people but every time there's like a golf tournament something really boring going on
or tennis and it's a holiday instead of seeing the regular programs that you expect to see
you can always depend on cbs to have this swill on there 44 42 a 42 for some western on 44
42 who are these fruit cakes what what is this a fruit convention what is this man oh this is
sure this is honest to one of satellite from port umiko you have never seen even a british never
saw so many queens in one place look at that good guy how are they if they got like lead weights
in her shoes how are they keeping them on the ground look at that one there he's not grabbing
himself okay let's go to a Cooper city hello let's try it next time you do your stick make sure we
can understand it poor lotterdale hello yes no yeah hey hey it was at the game last night was
that down 415 and those blade section yeah anybody's out there that says that Danny is finished
like like Bob Rubin for example yeah we need to hear a brain transplant yeah yeah I was
pathetic anybody that says Bernie Kosar is an ample replacement and Danny is through anybody that
would write a column like that I have to wonder if they're like need a lobotomy or something exactly
get a search party you see if there's any evidence of a television left there yeah he's finished
all right he's yeah right 76 yeah right the greatest the greatest game in the history of the NFL
the greatest the greatest one man performance I mean let's face it the wingland played their
brains out and blood so just picked our secondary apart like they were on a field and we just
kept coming back and coming back and Danny just kept firing these incredible I mean just
bullets down feel the fire and the angry one was just a miraculous thing yeah yeah I'll tell you
I I locked out into this game I haven't been to a game that was 11 years old I really can't afford it
yeah but I love one of my buddy said he was going to take me to a game and he asked me which game
because he's in pick a good choice man and he told me I said new England Buffalo or the Jets yeah
and he took me to this one and I you know we're going to have a barbecue right before the game
and you know how that went yeah yeah yeah but you notice I kept saying everybody I said I think
this is an omen because it poured like hell and it stopped just before the game started and then
as we left we left with about a minute and some left in the game and you know was in the bag
right and just as we got on the turnpike it started coming down again so once the game ended
so in other words it was like the heavens were looking down on the dolphins and we
we ended in there and Danny made his comeback and it was a great thing hey you know and we
like to winning the god then super boy and just a guy and you know we had a guy one of them
one of them jerks that's in the stands yeah they're just a drunk moron and he's back there and he
got his paint face painted you know half green half orange well I don't fan but still I'm a
dolphin I'm a diehard dolphin yeah and I there was a couple of Patriot fans behind me but
we're okay got you know they were just sitting back watching the game having a good time
and this guy decides to throw a beer on him nine there's about four body dozers
they got up there with the air put the whole out of him
oh my god they're beautiful beautiful I'm glad you had a good time how do you made a good choice
oh it's great okay good luck to us you have a good one see you good luck to us let us find a
pass rush and a secondary and a running game oh man that's a Terry Kirby I just the I'm sorry
real sorry we have two open lines of both and they count you 7 5 1 W I O D it's 12 minutes after 1
and picture this you're sitting at a table overlooking the intercostals just sitting
that's in a higher man the place is casual and comfortable the kind of place you could
spend the whole evening and just basking in the atmosphere you're what
isn't my it all my I'd be fine looks like my cow just do a car looks like
I'm related to the game my here is down right fried in me and ever since then come
I just might be the new boy morning
you know my head when the high and I'm there
if I have it back I will hide morning
hey it's a kind of
that's close on my head there's one thing to do and back on my
do the with this
so Chris Baker will be in her basket in the glory of the cowboy just sneaking past the
future in the Pittsburgh Steelers yesterday and it's that's something to be too proud of I'll
tell you that that was a real smarmy ugly win yesterday and out of good way to start for very
swisher look out very manner after your ass baby they're out to make Jimmy look better than ever
it's all I can tell you in fact I'll probably lay down a couple of games just to make sure he
looks bad I think that's the fixes in so anyway feel Henry yeah but wait yeah but wait a second
is not here this afternoon and Chris Baker I just so who's doing your show tonight not a tape
Steve Patterson oh Steve Patterson is doing your show tonight thank god we warned America don't
forget my did I footballed it I'm sorry Steve Patterson god that man we're where they keep
this applied drugs that they give this guy a weekend I heard him yesterday was either I guess
on a way to the game and he was talking about Bill Clinton is gonna wind up in jail and he had
this dream about how somebody else was in jail with him and I think it was him I think he was
in fact I it's funny I should mention that was just before I was watching that the tennis
crab before I reminded myself to shut it off and they were showing Andre pardon me for being
the grossest human being on the face of the earth aggacy practicing on like an empty court there
and I thought wouldn't that be a fitting punishment for OJ stick his ass in the same cell with
Andre aggacy for about three years man here's for a lot of Dale hello hello Neil yes sir oh you're
not today I am I'm smoking it man welcome back guys let's just apply listen uh uh just
what you said about Steve Patterson yeah he didn't want to call about that but I heard him like
when you were gone the first week how does this guy get a show what he does he knows Chris
Chris got in the job here yeah he's pretty bad too he and Chris got a little thing going on the
sun yeah yeah trust me listen I know those right wingers man or they talk a good game I was
listen while you were gone there's the perfect two of them are doing like a little three-way
jet bush is what I understand come on man there's something with Bush in there I don't know
if I'm dying over here anyway listen that you know there's a promotion what when the
when the lady calls in and she's gone and you're like why do you listen she goes because yeah yeah
that promo I love that you please put smelly bitch on after that that's just she
just the who what's that what smelly bitch on after that yeah when she when she does her
thing it's not smelly bitch because she does smelly bitch yeah I mean just the way she
guys think I yeah I love her he cast smart ass with it and then it's literally an attitude
the promo way doesn't do you just WBWA white bitch with an attitude the promo doesn't give you
justice because you don't get to nail her yeah I don't want to nail her maybe you do but not me
not that smelly bitch okay okay we'll work on it I just want to say breaking we'll take another
consideration there's obviously a great Kansas City fan right by the way another
salty old guy's made a big comeback yesterday Montana had a big day for Kansas City
350 yards if my memories correct and Danny boy just Danny boy was just we love you Danny we
never had any doubts well he had his doubts too don't kid yourself he was like real tentative
and he didn't know whether we could do but I'm Tonya when he convinced himself and everybody else
understands and his own NF team was when he took that belly flop in the mud band when it was like
third new six and he said hey Kirby couldn't run from here to a brick wall I'm gonna do this
myself anyway and everybody was like gasping like in the mud and with that ankle Danny and he
like went zooming in belly flopping in there got the first down and picked himself up and it was
beautiful it was a beautiful thing Danny we love you and Bernie coast our man just stay healthy Danny
that's all I can tell you Bernie you're a hell of a guy but rumor has it you suck and you can't
play too well either baby here's Lake Worth hello hey me I do pretty good hey that feel guy he
wasn't at the game he was never there he was I should across from you and I looked over there he was
he he he's the amount he I guess he probably ran into that guy the Larry from the
uh beat and he knows who that guy is he keeps using him like he was sitting in the role he doesn't
even sit in the same row right yeah well your seats were empty but the second week the girl was
there when I was yeah yeah they I got to report on that and I understand they were nice people
too I got to report from the school teacher yeah hey I'm no one talking about the great tackle
second base Nate after the last month yeah thank god thank god for second day okay thank god yeah
that's no one to bother you don't start bitching about the condition of the field now man
the wannel come to your house and say hey you keep your effing opinions to your effing self man
I love you better get the effing information manage so you're giving away your superbowl
check out I think you're important you're giving away your superbowl figure yeah right right yeah
they'll be calling for those two probably probably some some bitch will be called probably that
smelly bitch oh man I'll say how come your college is that because well we act up a smelly bitch
sit next to us yesterday really but they smell good okay all right Jim Adams you're a huge
bag good luck you found okay so he was like uh enjoying the aroma of the uh contest yesterday
in a game as well we have and what's wrong with male cheerleaders huh if they put some good ones
out there I think I did see one I'm not sure they're so far away you know you need to be a little
bit closer maybe that was Eddie from the UM swim team number Eddie from the UM swim team
that did the Marlon's thing the first gamer to before they got embarrassed out of it because
of a soldier see that's the thing I love about this whole Wayne business is he keeps doing all
this silly crappy stuff and people are like what are you doing man they're like gagging there's this
and then he gets embarrassed out of doing it was like the hokey pokey at the Marlon game remember
that and they did that for like one or two games and everybody said get serious this is so freaking
humidile and they quit doing the hokey pokey and by the way the best thing this is why we won the
game yesterday two reasons number one never at any time during the game did anybody start that juvenile
wave okay never did anybody do the wave and number two and I think there's a direct connection guess
who we never saw he was down there because I saw him sulking around in the corner now that he's
been like relegated like the backer doll fan denny he was just touting just kind of like uh you
bouncing around in the background they're pounding nobody paid any attention to him I say how
will you that's why we won the game I could be wrong it's 123 at wio d as you know Charles
Alfie Erie's been supplying hair replacement systems for leading showbiz people for over 25
years why because they know that Charlie knows his hair baby he knows the inside the outside and
what's in between now you can pay more for hair system you can go to the hair club for boys men
girls and in between whatever the hell they call it paying as much as 20 hundred bucks for some hair
you can get the best looking and the most natural looking system available anywhere in the world
for just eight hundred dollars from Charles Alfie Erie Charlie knows the secret of a natural
looking system is regular servicing man that's what life is all about is regular servicing and
that's why service visits to Charles Alfie Erie studios are priced it's just 25 bucks not 60 bucks
like a hair club just imagine getting service for 25 bucks and while you wait Charlie will add
a hair to your president system at only 25 bucks an hour to restore its natural color for only
ten bucks and even revive the wave and curl to make it look natural again no matter where you
bought that bunch of hair so pick up the phone and call they'll send you their free brochure or
they'll make an appointment for you go in and get yourself some great looking hair look younger and
whatever come nine two eight seventeen fifty five that's nine two eight seventeen fifty five and
brown any place outside of brown tool free of course one eight hundred three two one twenty four
thirteen that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen look at the next spot on
the log by the way George that's Charles Alfie Erie at forty three ninety north federal highway
between Oakland and commercial and in Fort Lauderdale the only thing worse than driving in South Florida
traffic is driving into it unprepared I'm saying that some double sponsor day can't
include in Kendall's riding on a set of teeth Skywatch system traffic on WIOD three planes covering
three counties or traffic reports when you need them even on the media Skywatch six ten traffic
only on six ten WIOD
all right somebody want to tell me what happened here he's just some kind of salt right here it
was just ball of red light officer like a meteor sometimes he comes down lands right here in
Monocchio
it's a great place for a hostile or something happened here look at the size of this crater
he's at a force for good or evil not only yourself this place a lot and the
it's just a rare for this shadow down the road right here over here what's all I'm doing
but it just get back what is it the time to introduce an all new Mitsubishi eclipse from
1995 lower winder with up to 210 horsepower performance that is
unearthly look please I don't know but I'm gonna find it that's easy call one eight hundred
fifty five M.I.E.S.U. for your nearest Mitsubishi D there the eclipse from Mitsubishi the new
thinking and automobiles some television stations show the door the violence
and the horror if it bleeds it leaves and they call it mute we don't a channel for news we've
dedicated ourselves to covering the news that directly affect you not just the nightly
police report channel four where the news comes first
here we go wish me luck this fall on NBC if he's thought there were no heroes left this is too
big for me what do you want it if you want to wait to get the die while we're out here it's just
just look a little closer I can't do my feet George I like this he's a little kid
Michael Krakey author of Jurassic Park helping them is more important than how he covers the next
great television drama you are having this fall to NBC at WTBJ channel four
this afternoon and two don't miss Phil Hendry every one of them right here not
actually Phil Henry's gonna be doing a show impersonating Chris Baker this afternoon and I have
a feeling that he's gonna calm the crap out of this audience 127 at WIOD we have an open line
in date it's been pretty damn active today I'll tell you that got off the kind of like a marginal
star but then when you follow Rick Riley what do you expect 751 WIOD in date and well I'm going to
keep ribbing him man I'm going to keep just digging and digging until he finally doesn't with that
satellite dish I am so sick and tired of hearing all these excuses and all this crap you know either
do it or get off the pot man do it like Nancy Reagan would say just do it now why are you doing
this to me again this is the fourth one Hollywood on a day line you know there's not going to be
anybody there there's not oh open line and day 751 and one on the green line here's four-letter
deal hello oh me oh yes me oh yeah that game yesterday yes true classic game for the ages one of
the greatest games in the history of professional sports if I dare say that myself and even listening
to on the radio on that land mediocre broadcast that's really bad it still came through the excitement
of the game he blasted through did it that's only cause of manage yeah management the crowd it's
exactly right not because it's in for yeah let me ask you about it all Reno slugging in the
mud back to pass he throws down field has that open marketing from hasn't a 30 he's to the 20 10 he is on oh
guys yes yeah the marino is back baby and he rifles up pull it down there and mark England trails
that football yeah that is weak you jackass incredible yeah they could maintain some of the
intensity during the game yeah yeah anyone asked about Italy when you went over there did you
did you get out of Rome or were you in Rome the whole time did I get out of Rome yeah out of the
city eventually yeah no I was in Milan for a couple days and I was in Rome for a few days right
I was roaming around yeah now if I was out there right anyway anybody anybody who says that Milan
is like New York City you know let me just say it's something sure if you ever plan on going
somewhere you know where it sounds like you might be interested in going just go and find out for
yourself because if you listen to other people they tell you such fantastic tales anybody who
could compare Milan to New York is in a dream world you know they got a few tall buildings there
like maybe five or six you know fairly big buildings and other than that Milan is about as sterile
as the inside of a band-aid box I mean Milan is is meaningless it's nothing it's a big financial
city yeah I mean there is nothing it's clean the streets are clean and but there is nothing there
and the food is nothing like in the Rome it's like northern Italian where they use a lot of butter
and a lot of fatty stuff and a lot of rice and this crap where how anybody can go to Milan and tell
you oh it's like it's just like a big New York with the what is that they're crazy now I was over
there I was over there for two weeks in early August I took over eight hours of Neil tape but
you know why would you go to Rome in Italy in August because that was when I got my vacation well
where were you I was in the I was in the east of that I was in around Florence ombria and where there
were people there a church yeah yeah because a lot of places like in Rome and in Milan in the first
three three and a half weeks of August the the towns they're deserted everybody goes on vacation the
restaurants close up there's nobody there but when you get into the real little town I was driving in a
car and I just drove all over all the little towns all those all the places are open to go run by family
though yeah the other people just don't take vacations basically those great two just fabulous
we yeah Italy is the greatest place on the face of the year oh and the people look and then the
people there are so sharp and so beautiful and so friendly and the thing is the Pope keeps trying
to dictate the way they live and they keep having these votes and they say hey up a year knows
with a rubber hole exactly the greatest place on earth now yep you're right all right see
everyone I read the urge open line and browored five two four and two lies in date now see I made
a mistake I said things have been smoking today and I'll be around you know we don't want to get
carried away and plus when I told him Phil Henry wasn't going to be here Phil Henry is going to be
here pretending to be Chris Baker sitting in for Phil Henry and who's going to be on tonight Steve
Patterson boy he must be sleeping with Steve Nicholas all I can say Steve Patterson's
road's rock here's West Palm Beach on a starline hello yeah all right how was it though it was
a wonderful pizzerne hey I seen that uh romp I got a romp of pill up there I seen that on the Fox
television this week yeah thing looks like a blender I saw yesterday for the 480 second time
yeah I'm proud to say that I didn't stay through the I stayed for about two minutes
yeah I think it looks like a freaking blender no it works okay I mean it's all right
so how did it make homemade pasta like string you know that they just pass it through some
centers or what do they do they just to squeeze it out they just sit down and squeeze it out
is this all request that's Ron's model when it doubts squeeze it out yes sir what do you want
is this all request Monday or I just said what do you want okay um can you play that uh what is
that that's right syndrome or it sounds like you need it okay I have a good idea okay have a good
night uh huh bona sir bona sir truly for bona Sarah man see that's one of the problems with it
it's always better to let them speak first okay because bonjourno is like a good day good afternoon
but like if you go in at two o'clock and they have things they say bona Sarah they're like bona head
you know what is that bona Sarah is like good evening you don't like it's starting to get dark
out or like late in the afternoon bona Sarah see let them say it first and they just repeated
even though you don't even what the hell is it mean bona Sarah hey they smile they're happy that's
all what's a problem for crying out loud what's uh you know why argue about two three hundred
thousand lira among friends what the other you want to hear hi this is Joe Pessi and I would like
to be serious with you for a moment to talk to you is about a little note yet devastating disease
it's called Tourette syndrome many people suffering from this affliction aren't even
fucking aware of it it can happen at almost any f***ing time this is one big f***ing problem over here
and I'm trying to make you f***ing assholes aware of it what what the f***ing laughing at over there
look at that over there it's laughing you think this is f***ing funny when you think of being
f***ing funny over here what the f***ing so f***ing funny over here did I say something
to when you use use look at the f***ing guy laughing over here all right all right
oh come on Joe what did you do that you know you're gonna have to bury him I'm a
bad guy sketch a fine guy I'm a f***ing guy I'm a bad guy but bury somebody 134 w.i.e by the way our
track pack promotion of course Pompano Park is closed until October for the fall meet and
we had a it's wound up pretty good fat rich and I between the two of us we came on with the
several thousand dollars their last three or four weeks and my last night a week you go last
Friday just missed by a nose with Prince Pine and then one the other race with Ben Cielcissus we
and then Rich had like a win in a second on this last Friday so we wound up at about 10 grand
all together which isn't too bad I understand the checks are gonna be like 30 or 40 bucks and it'll
be set out probably in a few days so not bad not bad we had a good number we had like almost 400
people involved in promotion which was a good deal and Rich now is legendary man this man has made
himself he is a legend walking candy capping yenta information filled legend we're at the
a gang yesterday and we're hiding hanging out under the stands before the game when it was pouring
like crazy and a guy comes along and Rich oh hi like like I'm like chapel liberally rich oh
macadreem in the seventh race yeah bbobba bbobba the horse went off at three or five he opened up
a one-on-one he was the lock of the century I'm not knocking Rich's handy because he's a good
handy capper and get some marginal useless information but I mean this guy was like peeing on his
leg the guy Rich had a change his pants four times macadreem at three sixty I can give you three
or five all day long pali okay now you start to sound like Fred Seagal anyway you want some
here I'm sorry one thirty five at w i o d judge Leonard Riftkin deserves our you're looking
dark juggles of Washington DC one man bid his way to the top of the political food
jade I'm let's hang the lion king I'm going to go to the south of our family I'm going really
Walt Disney productions combined 60 years of party mystery to two years of political
ineptitude to give you a story we know all to uh now to go to bay miss us everybody
all of them go lion king with music by Elton John same old song and dance by Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton is the lion king
the lion king it's the story of love and power starting Bill Clinton it's his word against the
entire world so who you gonna bully coming soon who will come this year
you know BS yeah BS in that the same as OS as an Oliver Stone I am so sick and tear to Oliver's
stone instead of wasting your time and money going to see that stupid movie
go out and buy that book by John Constiton that I told you about before mad as hell the life
story of patty triesky it is just the best I'm telling you just dynamite but anyway
they're not gonna take the time to read don't understand they don't know how to read the
too busy playing the night basketball here's the sunrise hello happy last night
in the uh in one time with the boy and a bad phone to boot oh let me know what it's better
awful I'm sorry it's it's my is what kind of a phone is it is it a cordless no no it's a uh
western uh so much western union boy you need help man I would wire western you need to get
enough money to buy a real phone that piece it's a piece of junk man you sound muted huh yeah
no I shouldn't I muted how much in thousand yeah how about it you notice something Saturday
what 1900 college football games and sports channels did not show the clips from Bill month
and they're awesome they didn't no they had a graded uh readers cup prep on the church yeah
fifty thousand first it was never on I'd be dangable terrible I'm gonna call cut them with
the point I would yeah that'll hit you some action once night
where's the fence to call lady then but I should be calling them are just three-for-one
okay she'll get through I'm she's busy as stocking up for Russia shut it out yeah
you buy her groceries for y'all'm kipper have a great day pali and get a new phone
I'll try please okay see ya I'm watching racing from the meadows last night with Roger Houston
no less god is he obnoxious or what does anybody know what I'm talking about no oh man he could
be the most obnoxious human being on the face of the earth Roger hit the voice well the voice
gave me the double and the voice the voice gives me a pain in the ass is what the voice gives me
and poor Dave Palon man he's only one like four hundred and seventy five races at the meadows
this year he's having kind of a rough streak but you know happens to all of us Dave love and kisses
baby you're the best won't be long now we got like a little rest now by four weeks and then
pomp it will probably open with the fall meeting the real but you guys will be back we'll have
Kevin Wallace and Wally Hennessey and all I'd rather real guys back the real go out here's a lady
in Miami hello yes I knew you happy new year welcome home I'm glad you made the game yesterday
I enjoyed it I can't begin to tell you how much I would I would have kicked myself if I would have
gotten back too late to go to the game I'm so glad uh-huh three possible scenarios one uh with all
his power that Wayne has with the dolphin does he have the power to pull the sports announcing of
the game from i.o.d like to get back maybe at your gym no because we have a three year contract
but I but I will guarantee you with the end of that three years uh it'll be long gone and what if
he bought the station from conks would I pray from your lips to somebody's oh oh please buy it now
pay me I have a five year contract starting in November the seventh please I'm begging you buy it
now just write me a check I'll go to Rome you'll never see me again I won't be on here talking about
jockbusters jackbuster just write me a check baby I'll be long gone yes and please I have a
mad crush on my dog yeah my chances he said you checked out oh he's flexible okay okay have a great
day and a good yonter yeah that's what you manage oh he says good yonter to the ponte the
pope does smoked open of crusade just go back in your house and make a lot of babies because
algoris threw up a lot of trouble you know they got some real hoots but you know and I hate to say
that but the guy then Catholic Church they have got hoots but like I have never seen in my life
opening up a big mother what the hell do they what is a bunch of supposedly celibate priests know
about reproduction and about overpopulation huh what the hell do they know about it
bunch of the eardophiles but anyway why am I getting started here what am I getting working
by the way I have a great doll any forget tomorrow I'm saving it for tomorrow I've got an article
about circumcision it was actually a letter to the editor from USA today well I was away from a
Jewish guy a Jewish therapist of some kind in in Boston you will just freak Georgia like it because
the guy is saying like circumcision is barbarian it makes and the guy is Jewish right well wrong he
knows yeah he knows maybe that's what that maybe that's where he needs a circumcision is that knows
believe me just having come back from Italy if there's anybody who knows that we need more circumcision
in this world I know it trust me you talk about foreskin okay let's go to a Fort Lauderdale hello
you know how are you great listen I I bought the Sunday ticket you know bell Sunday ticket right
and I used a friend's name and address in another state gave him his phone number right my
credit card number no problems no problems at all you got the game yeah absolutely that's too
well the only problem and nobody told you yet is that yesterday they were showing it on transponder
four the dolphin game that's where the Indianapolis game was in the Indianapolis game was like 10
minutes over oh I see so guess what you don't see the first 10 minutes yeah but you didn't miss anything
yeah yeah you missed the first 10 minutes the game yeah but you didn't miss anything for us we
didn't score until I come into the house yeah but we could have yeah that's the whole point believe me
believe me be happy you missed the first 10 minutes trust me yeah we were pretty we were
impotent man we were weak but anyway Todd Christiansen and some other guy called the game yeah and
you know the first touchdown were Merino through a Jackson yeah and then he points over to sideline yeah
Christiansen saying that he's banking them for the call and we find out today in the paper that
Merino called that yeah probably pointing at Gary Steven saying you asked exactly and probably
Merino went over to sideline and suggested the fleece liquor and we know that Merino was the one
who like gave the eye to to a fire on it in fact I read about it in the paper this morning about how
he was wide open and he was the one I called it the winning touchdown exactly and so you know Gary
I'm gonna tell you something seriously as much as I'm euphoric about the win yesterday as long as
Gary Stevens and the time out of a Dottie are the assistant coaches on his team were in big trouble
man I don't care what anybody says they see what is the love affair with all of a Dottie well see that
that goes back to Shula again and I again I know everybody's very thrilled that we pulled the game out
but it was Danny yesterday if Danny would have gotten injured if he wouldn't have been on the
these sharpest day of his life we would have gotten beat yesterday so I'm tired of hearing a
Shula starting to remind me of Tom Landry man he's like you know he was a great coach but you
can't keep saying that forever sooner or later things start passing you by what do you think the
final score would have been if coach are had been the starter of the player yesterday probably a new England 73
and I'm back to you I know I see I'm peeing on their parade now because they want to get all
it all super bowl well I don't I'm sorry I don't see no ingredients in here I see maybe toilet bowl
not super bowl is Danny going to play it like that every week I don't think so even as great as he
is there ain't nobody in the world who can play like that every week and if you don't have a
if you don't you don't have a pass rush and your secondary can't stop anybody to begin with I
mean see that just puts all the more pressure on the secondary when a quarterback's got enough time
to write a letter home to grandma and there's no pass rush once or was standing back there like a statue
yesterday hey how you doing over there he was like waving to parcels looking up at friends in the
crowd oh by the way here's a guy who's so wide open I don't want to go into it it's just annoying
plus the fact that markings is like got screwed real bad and if this team thinks that we don't
need markings I mean in fact finally they put spikes in in the backfield like in the third quarter
late in the third quarter and fat Richard and screaming please put try give him a chance put him in
again and the first time we were like at about the new in the 20 you got about a six yard
work again on the first carry I think he carried it again for another couple of yards and the crowd
was screaming like the Messiah had just come that's how bad our running game is you can't
complain about our running game because we don't have any so let's not get carried away in the euphoria
of a phenomenal game and a brilliant win and a great performance by friar and of course Danny
and maybe a couple of other guys got Miller played good to yesterday by the way after OJ Simpson I
mean McDuffie got hurt and that's like I said that's not the first time that the zoom star did
that earlier and one of the exhibition games you call the moj Simpson to every time McDuffie's name
comes up because of moj Simpson can I hear that just one more time because they're not believe in me now
hey if you missed it before OJ Simpson out within each frame for the rest of this game well if you
were stuck in a round behind the house trying to hide that glove you probably spring your knee too baby
huh maniac 148 at w i would be voting garage door sales and pomp and obiach can open doors for it
if you need repairs replacement sections parts are have a broken spring you need to call
brotin b r o t e n if you want the convenience of your news around the planet and i'll hold a lot more
this rig and suds weekday mornings right here
oh
just just just just just just just just tell me what your problem is
oh i get many in the crowd
what i saw on the news is hard to believe my god Jackson just learned my least memories
we're do
because of the one thing that she don't need is some more tabooed publicity with the weirdo
i guess that i don't understand don't you want a man
man
this guy didn't know on the way
guy ain't like you
he ain't got no guilty what i just cannot turn my head i really think he's guilty
what was my stunt time
is a girl in man with a plastic nose brother pants is round in a panting hose he's a weirdo
he's going to
when i'll be in there he's so bad because he won't ever get to call me dead
he's
gonna cry
you shut down
well look at that speaking of what glad he died here's Johnny dark
153 at wwwd is the coast still on the air they like off now that we got that big
sounds of the 70s on 106 big while all and by the way i forgot to mention that the last day
before one of occasion was i think the first day of their format i forgot to mention this because
i was so dazzled by seeing Ricky ticket the game again yesterday and i need to tell you this they
sound pretty damn good if there was stop playing James Taylor oh man all i can say stop it
with James Taylor i've seen fire oh man i've seen puke in a bowl just listening to that sound
i mean mounds of it tons gallons but they're put huh
they get out well i just heard him that one day they sounded pretty damn good to me the sounds of
the 70s and when they get that thing refined man they're going to kick you guys ass big time i'm
just i'm just telling you here's i mean you got that nice guy you know you got that 15 year old
program director in here that the trip off the old block here's boker hello hey new what'd you
call that lady a snowy bitch i beg your pardon that lady that you call the snowy bitch you have
beauty that was cute wasn't it what does he have like a fascination he's like having fantasy he
doesn't even know who we're talking about and he has fantasies that he's sleeping with her just
get a hold of yourself pal if you can find anything christ maker for uh what's his name mr.
evidence he helped fast they forget Phil is probably speaking about that last guy said it feels
probably up there doing that right now in Minneapolis that's these long weekends man i'm telling
he's up there just uh doing it here's pompo hello i'm sure he thought he was going to get on the
air with no question about it you know i was going to call you and tell you the same thing the guy
did a little earlier about the satellite disituation yeah and i guess you already know now so
well i had the first uh you know the first guy to call about it this morning i would have
been able to know how to lie well enough or maybe you give it a dress like in west palm
beat your you know some stupid thing like that but it just makes sense if they're doing it by
zip code and you give uh somebody's out of state zip code then you're going to get the game exactly
right and i have the same problem that he had i mean the game didn't start until after like 20
up to four because the first games went on till after four o'clock right now let me ask you this
question because i discussed this with you know three or four other people and a you know now
maybe it's i have a pretty bad bit of good uh you know a general instruments at 2750 good
receiver a good system but the picture on t3 left a lot to be desired i thought and especially
had a couple of the transponders like the like t3 8 with the uh bearers the buckskin it's fun i'm glad
you said that because i thought it might have been my no now the picture was really marginal i there
were a couple of them that were clear like it should be and i like used to be on t1 and keu but man
it was some of them that were pretty marginal and eight uh was really bad yeah the dolphin game was
perfect yeah thank god i have any problem that's what you need to see no but seriously don't you think
when you're paying extra for that they should at least at least uh put it on a satellite where the
picture is clear yeah that's one of the oldest satellites up right it sucks hey now when you buy
that sunday ticket deal what if does that include the sunday night game in the monday night game no
you have no course not is that a separate deal or a separate deal because that's abc and tnt
and the spca and espn all our stuff and the last night i turned on tnd just for the hell of it
that was there yeah i had a little up on the screen a little uh blurb there whatever that says
if he buy this sunday ticket for $135 you get the game yeah where where where was it but that
was on tnd so that's why i couldn't understand it if it was two separate deals or what
yeah but was it was the give my question is was the game on t3 no no i had a turn to tnd
i don't i don't understand well do you subscribe to tnt no and it came in no oh there was
you know how you should tell the young man deal there is a hell of a lie a lot yeah i think all
you get is the fox and the nbc i think that's that's it i could be wrong but uh i guess we'll find
out tonight with the monday night not that not you know not that you need to go there to find it but
it'll be interesting to see if it's there yeah i guess it will i'm going to check anyway i'm
i had a feeling that might work by giving the out of state that and i tried it anyway it worked
okay excellent okay scroll one for the small guys that's right i mean what about the bars
come bars get the game the local game are you kidding me the bars have to pay like through the
nose just to carry the out of town game they have to pay a fortune yeah but you know that those
bars are playing that local game i don't think so we'll find out i'm gonna go find out
in the end time okay we'll find out for it see it so i don't think so because they can like lose
their license and their satellite dish and their partridge in a pair of three and their four
skin and everything if they do that now see here this is the fifth time okay there is somebody there
hollywood hey Neil what's up hollywood on a day line did you call me four by any chance no
okay time call it all right i believe you how are you doing great good idea back listen what is the
thing you're talking about the the dolphins no named defense give the time Neil give the time they're
gonna get it together yeah okay i believe it yeah listen well i got a question same thing is like
i don't know why do you say that it's the same thing as last year well well they've been having
a rosy break you know now that the now hyzen is on me you're paying i have a good player three big bucks
together okay i believe you listen i got a question for you what time does your act come on
christ wants to know if you want to do a stand-up at the comedy room hey i'm available okay
okay listen i got a question for you okay everything has been going around why don't you want
to participate in it man yeah uh i'm gonna i don't want to announce it next week i'm gonna go announce
i figured it's much i'm coming out next week i'm going to go and go on back in next week have a
great day pali okay have a good yonster okay so listen i think that's enough for me you know for one
day i think it's more than enough so we're gonna find out this we've got a lot of big things coming
up uh christ bakers filling in for uh fill and probably has no idea why any more than i do we just
thought like at the last minute because we're really on top of stuff around here we got the casino
thing is gonna be uh later this week according to you i don't want to mention casino stand because
he'll write more letters span i keep throwing your crap in a waste basket baby stop wasting the
stance okay people are starving all over the world people with 29 cents could even canna
share for our d has some something stop wasting the postage we'll find out if it's gonna get on
a ballot we'll find out if uh the young and the horns gonna be back on tomorrow we got a lot of
stuff to live for almost not south florida's news talk and entertainment station new stock
radios 610 w-i-o-d my any port letter there
