to the late to late in just a couple of moments that the York
Hill Commissioner Gary Fethan is going to respond to the
fire and associate with the yesterday
promise with us this year.
We have a good early last night the NHL Board of Governors
decided to defer a decision on better or not to accept
the proposal of the players association.
That is the right but everyone associated with the lead
especially the people up here in me want a full season and in
that context the players associations offer particularly
seductive.
However, we are concerned that it's not that however and that can't be
ignored.
This is a league with profound economic problems.
This is not just an issue of big market and small market.
That's the part of it.
Most of it is not possible.
Over the last four years this league has gone from a
collective process to a substantial collective loss.
In addition there is a concern about the willingness of the
players association to negotiate the settlement.
We have been 16 months of this process and obviously we are not
in the position to report a deal.
In addition the players association refused to meet with us for
five months from March and February.
Of course the players association would be happy with the
status quo.
Over the last four years salaries have tripled.
The salaries the players on the contract last year for this
coming year increasing at over 60 percent.
Over the last four years the clubs have paid out a dollar 14
in player salaries.
So unless the players have prepared to negotiate the settlement
simply agreeing to the no strike pledge and playing for the
year will only defer the inevitable and exacerbate the
problem.
Exacerbate this you have a result.
What we are doing.
Yes board of governors.
What are you doing?
Craphead is that we are going to reconsider the schedule to
provide for an October 15 start for a full 84 game season with
playoff that will conclude in June.
Yeah.
So that's why we have invited the players association back to
the bargaining table immediately to begin intensive negotiations
for breaching an agreement.
As a result of those efforts we hope to be in a better position
prior to October 15th either to have a deal or to know that
there is substantial good faith negotiations going on so that
a deal is possible.
I have called Bob Good now this morning and advised him of
our intentions and I asked him to get back to me as promptly
as possible so that we could begin negotiations.
Again our goal is to be in a position to know better whether or
not to accept the no strike offer by the 15th or preferably
to have a deal.
While I have been acting as the leading negotiator for the
league I have been doing it with the advice and consent of all
of the teams general manager level governors owners.
Many of them are here with me today and they will be free to
answer questions that you may have when they go back to their
teams and their markets will be free to answer questions that
you may have as well.
But before we open this session for questions three of the
people here have asked for an opportunity to speak to you and
Jerry Jacobs from the Boston Bruins put all first.
Thank you Jerry.
And thank you for the opportunity.
Hey Climb.
Bob, push there.
Alright, kill it.
Audio call.
Get right out of it.
Kill it.
Okay so there is the deal.
They are not playing till the 15th.
They are going to try to start the 15th play the
full 84 games schedule.
They are going to go into heavy duty negotiations.
They are either going to accept the thing and negotiate while
they are starting or they are not or they are right.
That is it.
And they are all sitting around there with a long push especially
my buddy Cliff Fletcher from the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Whereas Bill Tury is that fat face part up there the one that got
Bob Essence and for the Red Wings that they are trying to dump with
this $1.2 million salary now.
Mr. Hochschot, that can't even sign a number one draft pick.
So there is a chance.
Okay, not that bad.
It could be a lot worse.
Alright, let's go to Washchester because I know these people are
getting very, very upset with me.
That is too bad.
Hello.
Yes.
I am on.
You are in.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
I am on.
Going back to the deck.
I am on.
I am on.
A girl is wet in the room.
Forget some crazy jet
Yeah, we need a marino boy can he throw and our defense kick but to we'll see the helmet flying
Markly the crying when we stick to Buffalo
My underwear just as long get me there
So come on me. You'll help me get a life and send a Cuban boy up there to
I'm Buffalo you jackass beautiful job, paly great job. You're done. Okay. We have an open-line today
There's Dave Johnson isn't the track. He says they're down a stretch. They come and just give me the cash
There's a guy who don't have to worry about where his next meal is coming from put on the weight on there
Hi Dave. I guess when he got all that money, it's not easy to stop eating
It's a 12 minutes after one and of course like I said the
Yeah, I don't know how the audio was on the air because I was like in the middle of a see
I'm the eternal optimist even though people think I'm a pessimist
I'm optimistic even when there's no chance I figure well, you know if they're still breathing
There's still a chance if they're still alive. Maybe I can touch him
But you know he said the 15th they want to get the whole thing in there and he looked like he met it
Which means he's probably lying through his teeth. He looked devious and sneaky to me
He looks like Tom Denenberg on a bad day. I'll tell you that right now
Here's a little brown jug from Delaware, Ohio, Roger Houston is screaming and puking and yelling and look at that hanging on by a thing
So anyways one 13 at WIOD
The paybone challenge news from around the planet and a lot more it's Rick and Sons weekday mornings right here
Here at this busy manufacturer we've secretly replaced the regular coffee with the rich full-flavored taste of
Let's listen in to see if anyone's noticed the difference
Hey, you're the microphone
You can't forget to call me
Introducing national coffee are new European flavor so good you can serve it anytime anywhere
So the next time you want a full rich slightly pungent cup of coffee fill it to the rim with new mountain groin
European flavor from national coffee
Personally seasoned by Juan Valdez's mule
European flavor good to the last grip
172 WID now you come down and they're already my guide
You've been so hysterical in their days and miracle we'd even do a show here today
Okay, in the next 10 or minutes or so we may we might get another contender or two all the way really down
It will just kill some time and then we'll like narrow it down
I have our four and then we'll call them back like right at 130
Or they're about and then we'll let you we decide to give it to and the trip to
It's been kind of interesting watching people like Ben then gravel and suck around and make up stories and just do almost anything and
Dehumanize themselves which I think is pretty good indication what human H is all about here's plantation on the starline. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just gotta say something that yeah people are whining there telling these horror stories
Why they should go to Buffalo? I got something I'm mad about that. Yeah, you know what it is. What's that?
This is God everything that that Wayne touches
Turned to crap. Yeah, turning you a big bulge of money in his pocket and turns to a big hemorrhoid in our butt
That's what it turns to I mean he's telling us
He murdered with my account, but first they have to sell the Rangers of math square garden
They saw this whole thing coming right. I'm mad. I don't know what I'm gonna do with all my hockey tickets
But I'll tell you one thing. I'm not gonna buy a dolphin ticket at Joe Robby Stadium
I thought he feds would say yeah, but I would must to go to Buffalo because I want to see the
Dumpins for a love
All right, have a good trip
We have an open line on the starline star I OD and let's do a crawl springs. Hello
Yeah, Reverend through them all I want to save your life
I want you to reach deep in your pocket and grab it and that too. Yeah, and give it here brother
Cuz I need to go up there and save my soul. Okay, grab his brother
We have an open line if you can find it in browbroward 52494. There's that fat Chris Lincoln man
He just makes me sick. He just he is the biggest pile of turd and remember a couple of years ago
He was telling everybody he was losing so much weight
I think he was wearing the lighter jacket is what was that thing he lost about two ounces and
They got all this horse racing stuff on here now, which you know as much as I and they showed the little brown
Jug which is great, but it's old news
It's old had they should be back on an entire press conference if they were a real sports network
Which they are not they had that special thing they cut in there for the and as soon as the fraud from Quebec came on the
University cut out of it. Is that thing still on by the day of November 15th?
It's still a 20th time to go to the playoffs the only reason you gave it the time then
Because you said you didn't want the fans to have to spend money on a season that may not come to the conclusion because of the players
Right yesterday clearly the players removed that possibility
Right result out of heaven seems like a country. Just stick it to them. Oh, no good
The the fact is that we can still get in a full seat in their team maybe June
From an 84 game regular see
Yeah, yeah, we are trying to
Everything possible to preserve the season because as everyone up here will tell you
There are some profound issues that have to be dealt with and just putting them off doesn't address the problem
You've got the result what we're going to try and do is
Pay shut down on their offer of good faith bargaining and do it now
And if it's too weak to ferment is the price we pay then I think it will turn very well in the process
And it will also give us an opportunity to understand better their pledge of a no strike
commitment in the context of good faith negotiations and
Because obviously if we find ourselves in the same position a year from now
Because we haven't been able to negotiate the settlement and then we have an advance the process
Okay, kill it
See I still say they are the ones that created this whole thing this whole nightmare and they keep out bidding and they keep
Okay, we'll give you a three million we'll give you six million we'll give you seven million
And I guess what we're losing money we're pissed off. We're gonna go out of business
Well, who the hell's fall to Zad you idiots?
In other words, we got a bunch of guys saying they're basically pretty crappy businessmen
And they're putting the card on the head of the horse and they're so greedy and so jealous and trying to make more money
Everybody else that they think they can do it by spending more money and when it doesn't work out
Oh gee, we're losing money. Well tough crap
I
Don't see the ticket prices coming down. I saw our ticket prices go up six bucks in our seats
Is what I saw
My god to give you a soggy piece of cheesy crap there
They call it a piece of pizza for it's two and a half three bucks my dog would have laughed at a man
He wouldn't he wouldn't have taken a dump on it. That's how bad that he wouldn't gotten that close
That's what a joke that thing was and they just keep go. Oh, you want a soda here?
That's only four bucks for a nice small soda in a little cup with no ice or lots of ice
He wants a extra ice here in oyster charge
I'm serious you could pee in that cup and have room left over for the Chinese army
That's that's the kind of stuff they give you and that's the joint. Oh, sure only eight bucks want a beer here
Give me a 50
Anyway, I'm getting all excited. I'm getting worked up and there's nothing I can do about it
I'm doing the best I can I'm trying to promote good stuff
I'm trying to like create a little excited and otherwise very dead head place and it just that's impossible because we got a bunch of
Graver obris here that run a whole goddamn world and I'm telling you right now that monster rewinds for free
Just don't ever forget it
122 a W.I.o. Dean speak and even better than that
Have you ever noticed that when you go to rent certain kinds of videos at certain kinds of stores not to mention any names or talk about popping zits
That you just can't find the movies you really want to find that certain kinds of goody two shoe stores. Well guess what?
Now you can find whatever to have you want including stuff
You never even knew existed because they were keeping it a secret announcing video search of Miami
You want excitement you want to fun just because they're seating the clouds
Don't mean you have to go to certain places and write their crappy videos call up video search of Miami
They'll say to their catalog. They've got over 10,000 films sexy films action a horror blood guts on cut versions of American films
That you never knew were even on a market. That's right and it cost is only 25 bucks for any item in their vast astonishing shocking catalog
Video search of Miami they've said checks cash money orders visa mastercard all orders are shipped promptly within two days
Called 279
9773 they'll send it at catalog. You're gonna be you're just gonna be amazed at what's out there
279
9773 they're open Monday to Saturday noon to six you can also range for additional
Information to be sent to your home
279 9773 video search of Miami you're alternative for films you thought were unavailable calm today get the catalog locked
The door stay in the house forever forget about baldy and to have a great time 279
9773 video search of Miami. I agree and suds. We just found out we're doing a weekend
Recycler. Uh-huh. It's a technical term. We didn't know what it was all right
I'm not real sure I like to borrow where we have to go wait out in the curb and that red box
But listen Monday morning we'll be back
Sorry and we have a lady who's gonna be telling us how to tell if you're a wini. That's right. Yeah, Marvin's coming back
He'll be the morning the Monday morning. Yeah, how to tell if you're a wini. I think I'm talking to one
Marvel be here Monday down. He's back
Rick and suds we day morning six to ten here on six ten W I O D
This afternoon and two don't miss Phil Hendry every one of him right here
Well, all right
Of course, if you thought hooked on comics with a marvelous way to learn to read
Then you're gonna love the new learning tool that makes learning to read even more fun
It's new cuddling with it with a little effort you two can learn to read a lick it is quick
I do not like green eggs and ham. Oh very good. I do not like them. Sam. I am
Yeah, I use me sixty nine minute course comes in its own box
So you can take it with you anywhere after just one night with our program you'll be able to go down the menu the next time you eat out
Usually
I think I'll just have a month
To order calling with you
Your fingers and call one eight hundred LIC say I'm
Calling with it from the makers of post-onflatiox call now
127 W I D fat race is gonna be at the qualifying races tomorrow morning at Pompato Park
Just in case anybody wants to go and share his programming expertise and the his handicapping expertise and a green sheet
I'll be back and he said bapapapapapapapapapapapa. Okay?
Right so nice going paly
next weekend. We got and of course by the fifteenth like Jerry Beattman said
we know that the man would never lie to us
He looks he's got that look of truth all over his little weasley face and we know that this is just another couple of weeks
The ability to chance to stick it up everybody's butt
See I think the owners is should be partly on them
I don't want to get in this seriously because there's no point is nothing I can change
but I think the other honest should be in their amus.
Okay, here's a mobile and vocal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I just wanted to tell you that I don't have any stop stories,
like up story to make you send me to Buffalo,
but I'm a contender.
You're contender?
Yes, I am.
You don't sound like a contender.
Well, yeah, you got to know me.
You send me to Buffalo.
Yeah, I won't shower for a week,
but I can fit in with those two good Buffalo men.
Yeah, I won't shave for a week,
so I fit in with Buffalo women.
Yeah.
And even though you're putting this in a suite,
I'll run up and down the aisles
and nothing but mine, softened boxers,
and taking healing orange on my face.
And make us all look like a bunch of Yahoo's.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Okay, we have an open line.
See what it wants to go up there,
represent us to make us look like them.
We want somebody to go up and make us look good
and the lila.
Okay, I think we're done.
Right now, who we got from today?
We were going to pick one right here on the year,
who we got.
How many contenders do we have?
Stored the old circumcision guy that made up the story.
Oh, yeah, right.
That was a phony story.
He was a good guy.
A driver with the Buffalo sob story.
The Corvette, the woman?
The woman Diane.
And don't pass by that all we have
too many women on here.
See, I don't, I mean,
I don't really care.
Just a question of who was good.
I was good.
I was in birthdays in two days.
Yeah, and her sister's a Buffalo fan.
Oh, the one that's in New Orleans or somewhere?
Yeah.
Right.
Frank, he's from Buffalo,
but he's a converted dolphin fan,
but his wife's a bull fan.
Oh, he's wife's a bull fan,
too, yeah.
Right.
Ron, another Corvette guy whose wife is jobless and pregnant.
Jobless and pregnant.
Jobless and pregnant.
How about his wife?
Her too.
Okay.
And Bob, he has an underprivileged wife
in a 12 year old straight-ass son who you want
to do something for.
He wants to send them to white.
Well, I like that.
Well, that was good.
Didn't you like that?
That was right.
So seriously, because we're doing too many of the way
in that Corvette thing.
See, that, that, that, that's smack.
So favorites is in my part, which it is.
But now I like, I like the thing with Bob
and Leo, what's said the wife and the kid?
Okay, we'll call Bob.
Because he's going to be screwing around down here, United.
I said, what was your name?
He said the Jeanette.
I mean, Jean, I mean, Sharon, whatever I don't.
So I get to hang up on a bunch of people right?
Oh, yeah, blow all these people up.
So what we're going to do now is we'll call all those people back.
And now why say all those people?
They got Russell?
Wasn't that the guy's name?
Russell and the, the broad from the second day,
and the guy from Plantation Acres from yesterday.
And this douche bag, Russell Rosie Mark and Bob.
And thanks to everybody who lowered yourselves.
I appreciate it.
I know a lot of you really, you just made absolute answers
of yourselves.
You embarrassed people who knew you heard you on the air.
You, you demeaned, you brawl.
Yeah, stop calling back.
You grabbed some lines on it.
It'll be that crap.
They're not called.
We're all done with calls for a month now.
They're not fooling me.
That was a fantasy.
That was that whole thing we went through this whole week
has been a fantasy.
Boy, the phones were smoking this week.
Well, of course, we're going to weigh a guy down
in the trip to Buffalo.
What do you expect?
They have no interest in me and anything that's going on
in my life in the show in a hockey season.
I'll take care about it.
Say that fat slabs, give it away.
A free trip to Buffalo.
Let's go.
Let's pretend to be dolphin fans.
Get that Chris Lankin off my screen.
Man, this guy, he's like the Dave game of racing.
This guy of the racing game.
Look at that.
Man, oh man.
But this guy takes it when he gets on a plane.
They just give him first place.
I don't mean to see.
I mean, the section.
He's like that sales guy.
We got downstairs.
Oh, that guy Jeff the clown.
Get him one of those red noses and suit his ass up.
So what are you doing now, man?
Is this going to take like a long time to get these people?
And like I said, if we don't have him on the phone,
I can next the four or five minutes.
There history, baby, that narrow is the field right down.
Russell and Rosie and Mark and Bob, the four final contenders.
And I'll say it again.
Well, I don't think continental airlines and the Radisson
Airport Hotel in Buffalo because they're making this
all possible round trip airfare for two via continental Miami
to Buffalo, April 7th.
You stay Friday and Saturday night via 7th and eight.
I mean, I'd say April, October, whatever they're going to play,
whatever they decide they want to play at the Radisson Airport,
hotel in Buffalo, transportation to the game and a suite for the game
to watch the suite events as hopefully we pray.
We pray that Dan Moreno just picks apart that porous Buffalo
secondary that we have a running game, which I don't know.
I see he's starting to get the bangles on Sunday.
Nice going, he had a boy, baby show him a finger to man and pay
those back taxes on that restaurant to why you're at it.
Oh, sorry, Woody.
Okay, how are we doing?
Who we got on there?
We got anybody on there?
Russell and Rosie.
Russell and Rosie.
Now who's the Russell's on six?
Russell.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Russell, isn't this incredible?
This is Russell from way back on the Tuesday.
Right.
And I feel like I'm at a distance advantage, but I tell you,
well, because it's been a long time since I told my story.
But wait a minute.
Don't you understand?
That's why out of fairness, because I said this.
I said that the people on Tuesday would be very, you know,
they would be really normal for the LAR.
That's why we're going to bring everybody back.
You have a final opportunity, restate there and make up some new craft
and see who does the best job of BS in us.
Well, there's a lot of things.
And I said, me?
I thought it was very fair.
In fact, today, you better than you.
You better get through here.
Well, we could hear a dial tone real quick on this line, Russell.
On Wednesday, when I heard you say my name that you had thrown out
every contestant from Tuesday, but the day before I got to be honest with you.
And I don't want to say anything that is going to cause you to jeopardize your
opportunity.
But I really kind of figured that I was going to be the winner.
I didn't.
Yeah, based on what?
Based on the fact that number one, my story is true.
I mean, who has ever heard of Oniata University?
I don't even know.
I don't think, I mean, Oniata, to be honest with you, I don't think is in Buffalo.
No, it's about, it's not anywhere near Buffalo.
No, it's not that far.
It's about 80 miles, but Oniata is near Cooper's town.
Right.
So my, well, Cooper's to 80 miles from Buffalo.
You're a maniac.
Well, I think Russell's going to disqualify himself.
Cooper's town is like hundreds of miles from Buffalo.
I'm only going on one of my wife's that 80 miles.
Well, why don't you guys just walk it?
How's that?
But Oniata is nowhere near Buffalo.
According to her, it's not too far.
Well, dreaming.
George, you notice how Russell's story is starting to fall apart here already?
Like I said, I didn't want to say anything to jeopardize.
Boy, you talk about a guy who's blowing it, blowing the stuff right out of the water,
even the kamikaze in the war and never did number on themselves like this Russell.
I don't even want to tell you at your last thing to do with Russell.
Do I want to say it on the air?
Absolutely not.
What is his last name have to do with this?
Turn your mic off.
Okay.
Oh my God.
That might disqualify you right there.
Yeah, well, it's not, I mean, not like a German name to me.
That's not my fault.
Are you German Russell?
No, I'm Jewish.
You're Jewish.
Now Russell's back in the running again.
Absolutely.
I'll do you not related to Gary Betman.
Are you?
No.
Okay, because you'd have been out faster.
This line would have been dead faster than a door nail.
I'll tell you what that right now.
You know so long.
Do you get a new sport channel?
Oh, yeah.
It's on the top.
It's still on?
Oh, wait a minute.
Okay.
How come George didn't tell me this?
He's busy near a plane with all these assholes.
You missed about 10 minutes of back space to fill up the do-do going through.
How about Cliff let you to Cliff say a thing or two on here?
You know what?
Gary, there are, it seems to be there are deeply entrenched philosophical differences.
For example, virtually any proposal that you make is interpreted as a salary half.
How can you possibly have a killing in there?
Kill it, bring up Russell on here trying to win a trip and you got this little torpy
Jew on there as screwing up our lives.
Go ahead Russell, I'm sorry.
Well, here's my plan.
Oh, I'm sorry.
If you have ever seen him and Tom Dennyberg together, this Gary Betman, I mean a match made in heaven.
That is Tom Dennyberg.
Have you ever seen him in the same room?
Listen to him wine.
Go ahead, sir.
Russell.
I do have an itinerary planned out for my trip.
Yeah.
My wife, unfortunately, I was going to try and surprise her, right?
But she heard my name on the air when they...
Your wife listens to the show?
Yes.
We love your wife.
What's her name?
Her name is Gail.
Gail.
Sounds like a glacier name to me.
Well, she converted.
Oh.
Is that what she was circumscribed?
Is M.I.?
No, I said circumscribed.
Come on Russell, don't start getting too intellectual here.
You're going to blow this.
I can feel it.
I'm in the thing too.
Did you see...
You missed Philas Pizzero's explanation of...
Listen, I'm in a very tense mood with this hockey thing today.
I'm thank God I missed Philas Pizzero.
I see him.
I start upshucking for the whole weekend.
It would be shot.
Thank God I missed him.
Oh, he would...
And especially just before your call, you'd have been...
You'd have been history already.
I know.
So I won't mention the...
Good.
Don't mention it again.
So anyway, now your story is she's going...
She graduated only out of college.
Right.
Which allegedly is a near buffalo.
Which it is not, by the way.
Cooper's town is not anywhere near buffalo.
She's going back for a reunion.
If they're homecoming reunion, they're ten years...
And she's going on what?
Saturday?
The function is Saturday night from seven to midnight.
That's their homecoming.
It's nearly anything.
Yeah.
So she has...
And you're going to be screwing around in Buffalo while she's hundreds of miles away and owning on it.
And I'm beginning to see through this.
This looks good.
I wouldn't know anybody in Buffalo, but...
She said that during Saturday, during the day, because I've always wanted to go to Cooper's town that we can go.
And that, to me, I mean, the football game is great.
It would be like the ultimate weekend for me personally.
And I would get to take my wife on this trip that she has been real.
You know, since I told her about two months ago that we couldn't go, I haven't been...
I don't want to...
I mean, a lot of people are listening to me, but so I have to elaborate.
I haven't exactly been getting a lot of action.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So maybe...
Well, she converted.
You made her Jewish.
Now you're complaining about what thought you wanted.
If you'd left her as a boy, you'd be getting it all the time, man.
If I wouldn't know.
That goes with the territory.
If I wouldn't know.
I think you're sticking your credit cards in the wrong place.
Okay, listen, hang on Russell.
Okay, your store is a little weaker today than it was, too.
But you're in the running, definitely hang on.
Okay.
Okay, he's a little shaky.
Okay, one in the Gary Bentman still on there.
Shaking his head, speaking to Shaky.
What's he saying here?
Great score.
It's a great score.
Great role play.
High pass athletes.
And I believe in the sport.
Biggest one I've ever seen in my life.
I've been trying a lot more things on the street.
And I'm pretty good, but we've got to get our house in order first.
And we've got to get our house in order.
We're going to take a shower together.
And then maybe we'll get a top-fimperium and drive the little confused on this.
What a great thing.
And I'd like to be able to do an air-stained event.
To train with Ali's play.
But there you have a few.
Train with Tom's order.
As you guys do, I've got something out of the agreement.
You're asking them.
They're good.
But if they think they're going to do an incredible pencil, they geek you.
They're going to have a sour face.
And you're going to get a piece of walking shirt.
It's like a turn on a chair.
It's like a turn on a chair.
It's like we got there right there.
You're looking at a turn.
I'm not sure it would be better to make the meal.
Yeah, Abby, keep it.
Yeah, you stick that stick right down his throat.
I say, get him right now.
That Chris Chalios loose.
I want to see Chris Chalios come rushing in from off of the side.
Spirum in the face.
Blood gushing in all directions.
And he on his girlfriend say, okay, we're ready to deal.
The games begin tomorrow.
Hockey night in Canada.
730 on CBC.
Where's Bob Cole and Harry Neal and Don Chalry?
Okay.
Now we're talking and Ron McLean.
138 and you're very emotionally distraught station WIOD.
This is South Florida's news talking entertainment station.
It's not crazy.
There's that stick in my clean and I believe.
I ran to WIO and Chris.
Spirum right in the bus.
I'm sorry.
Okay, we got Russell on here.
Here's Rosie.
Hi, Neal.
Hi, Rosie.
Rosie was our first caller on Wednesday morning and blew the entire audience
right out of the water.
She destroyed the entire four hours.
Everybody who came after we're just the fell in her wake.
They were late.
That's right.
They were very late.
Well, don't knock it.
No, seriously, when you call the first one, I mean, what are the odds of hanging on through the entire proceeding?
Pretty slim.
Pretty slim.
Unless you really made Georgia hell of a promise.
I guess you did.
A promise.
I guess I make a promise I can't keep.
Yeah, right.
I think you already did.
Got to see him in the other room.
He's just spinning like in cartwheels.
Oh.
I wonder if he'll be doing that that weekend.
I think the two of you may be doing it that weekend and probably this weekend.
So what was your story, Rosie?
Let's refresh our memories here because Russell, we already spoke to him.
I don't know.
Russell's a good guy.
His story of changing a little bit since Tuesday.
His wife went once at McGill University in Montreal and thought she was in Buffalo.
And now she's having a reunion at the University of Rochester, which is in O'Neal, and it's a little, you know, but he's a good guy.
So what's your deal?
Mine is that my second anniversary.
And I want him the hell out of town with his best friend.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's why we like Rosie so much because it's only your second anniversary.
And she wants to get laid.
I mean, she wants to have a good time that weekend.
Well, she's doing a nice number for him.
Now George is laughing again from ear to ear.
You gotta see.
He's turned beat red in there, man.
Now I know what this is all about.
You know, I hate to say this for other three people, but is this even going to be a contest?
Anyway, go ahead, Rosie.
Oh, I want him to go to Buffalo.
Yeah.
Well, who's his best friend, a guy?
Yeah, the guy.
And how old is this guy?
Oh, gee, I don't know.
30.
Oh, yeah.
30.
Oh, who's his best friend?
He's my favorite.
You want to.
You said, you know, I'd do him.
You have done him?
I do, I'm if I could.
You would?
Well, I got an idea.
Send your husband out there alone and then it's too huge to do it all weekend while your husband's up there.
You don't want to go with him anyway.
What's the trip for two?
It sounds to me though, after just two years of marriage that the bloom is off the hook,
they rose a little bit here, Rosie.
Oh, right now.
The bloom is off the Rosie.
Well, you know, you gotta keep the spice in your life.
You gotta keep them guessing every time.
Yeah.
You're dead and she.
Only I will know.
Me and the other seven or eight guys or girls or whatever.
Oh, so you're in the women too, huh?
Well, no, but you know, they're good.
Well, they're good.
Okay, I have hope to do that.
Do you have an open altitude?
I have a very open altitude.
Well, you're certainly a heavy duty contender, Rosie.
Hang on a second while we talk to the other two losers.
I mean, the other two people.
Hang on.
Hang on, Rosie.
Okay, she's on what we got Mark on four.
Mark.
Hello, now.
What's going on, Mark?
Oh, same old stuff.
Okay, now let's refresh your from yesterday.
I'm from yesterday.
The guy who lives in plantation acres, you know, I remember this.
Plantate.
Mark's got a hell of a good shot.
Just out of personal vengeance here.
Plantation acres.
I've been a dolphin fan longer than, uh,
longer than anybody else in the line.
I can tell you that.
Yeah.
I've lived through the Eric Kumaro's and the John Bosis
and just just been tearing my kitschky that over here.
Here's the man who remembers Joseph Gackie coming in here on W.I.O.D. on draft.
They saying Eric Kumaro's gonna line up for the doll.
I'm on the Ohio State.
Yeah, Ohio State.
I'll never forget that day.
Like it was the second and third coming.
The blackest, the blackest day in dolphin history.
Almost.
Anyway, I live over on 21st street out in the acres next to the day that Bobby Humphrey sucked up all the chocolates.
Yes.
Right, exactly.
This guy lives in the acres right next to the dreaded bills fan,
whether I'm not just discussing.
I drove by there yesterday going home, which I do every day, by the way.
And I notice not only they have the bill shack, which we all have seen,
but they also have some paraphernalia out there like on their some adornments on the house
that are like in bills, blue and red and white crap colors.
It's pathetic.
And if you want to put a satellite dish up or something like that,
you got to go through 85,000 permits.
You can't cut your melulucas down.
You can have a down buffalo bills shack and the middle of dolphin terraces.
Oh, crazy.
Right.
So two years ago, I mean, we've had to go through four super voles in a row with buffalo.
Two years ago, after they beat the fence for the championship,
I went down there and I don't give a crap out there.
I'll beat the crap out of this guy anyway.
I went down there and I just felt that the guy felt it is his thing with some paint.
By the way, I killed a squirrel in front of their house yesterday.
Not on purpose, but I just ran over a squirrel.
What do you do on that block anyway?
That's not true.
It's a shortcut.
It is?
Oh, yeah.
It's my shortcut.
Yesterday, I think it's an almond right in front of their house, this squirrel stopped.
And I usually squirrels are smart enough.
You don't even have to worry about it.
They dart out of the way.
That's right.
And this one right in front of my, I think he committed suicide.
It was right in front of the bills shack.
Maybe he was carrying a couple extra nuts there.
It could have been.
Maybe they were Jim Kelly's.
Okay.
Hang on a second, Mark.
And listen.
Yeah.
I'm going to bring up a six pack of razors all for Jim Kelly's shoes.
Okay.
Hang on.
Oh, I think he may have just iced it there.
So we got Russell and Rosie.
Russell's not looking too strong at the moment.
Okay.
Rosie and Mark, I don't want to, no, don't get up, Russell.
Yeah.
Don't get upset.
Well, I'm a little nervous.
Hang on.
Okay.
What do you should be?
Okay. Here's Bob.
Yes, Bill.
Bob is our man from today.
Right.
Now, what was your story again, Bob, even though it's still any moments ago, you know my mind.
My right is a Broward County collective reading teacher.
Oh, that's right, with a 12-year-old son.
Right.
He is straight-o's.
He plays two sports.
Sometimes the key is average, up.
Yes, the study 11 30 at night.
One term goal is to get out of middle school at straight A.
Yeah.
Christ possession.
You saw him straight.
Let me straight A.
Go ahead.
Just a joke, Bob.
This is the joke.
His Christ possession is a bluff and hat with about 20 signatures that he's collected over about a four-year period going to promotional events and bluff and signings family day in the light.
He loves the WIOD Calgate party.
Does he ever listen to the station?
Well, it's good.
He's in school.
It's cool.
That in the summer when we drive up more.
Yeah.
He listens to summary the better ones that I have.
You know, going through driving through the Carolina, we can't get radio reception.
So I tell you a supply of tape.
Yeah.
He has your calendar that you gave out of the promotion at the Calgate party.
I don't know what the weapon is.
Yeah.
Do you want to know?
No, don't talk to yourself out of it.
No, I can only answer your questions.
You got the inside track here, I think.
Well, I'm proud of them and I think they should get some recognition.
They're solid.
I can hide working like that.
So you're the only one who so far of all the people I talk to all this week, even though you may make you may not even have a son.
You're the only one who, like, I feel any legitimacy to what you're saying.
I think I like the lady from O'Neill, who once stopped in Canada, they go, I just, you know, the rest of it just doesn't smell right.
I can do the transcripts of the great.
No, you're not going to just, you're going to kill it.
Hang on, Bob.
Okay.
Don't kill a goose.
Hang on.
Like killing a squirrel.
Okay.
So we got Russell and Rosie and Mark and Bob and I have to do the break.
Then we'll come back and I'll decide.
Jordan, not what I don't know what you're laughing about you.
I've let you decide all the contenders every day.
I have an argue to have an all the side.
It's my show.
It's my contest.
It's my giveaway.
All the side, which I already have.
Okay.
And you're not going to be too happy.
But that's too bad.
See, my purpose of being here is not to get you laid.
When you're married to a lovely lady like you are and if you can't get any, that's your problem, sweetheart.
Maybe if you're on strapped, you're from the wall.
That might help a little bit.
But my purpose of coming in here every day is not to get you laid.
You better read that memo again from David Ross.
Okay.
Because going up and down these lines with these contestants, trying to find out who's going to make Gucci, Gucci,
that's not the idea of why we come in here.
Although quite frankly, I would like to be able to do it.
And none of these people are even close.
For these guys who are still sitting there, they got their arms.
Look at this old coot here.
He's an old coot this guy.
What's the where is he from?
He must be a Cree of Cannock.
Oh, here's Cliff Fletcher.
Yes.
What do you say?
Like three words.
That was the end of it.
What are these guys from Toronto, man?
You're a short and sweet.
Cliff Fletcher said that.
That's it.
Back to you, Gary.
That was it.
Nice going, Cliff.
You're a hell of a guy.
This is a sad day in my life.
I've said it.
If I could tell you, I can't even put the words out.
This is tearing the inn, the innards out of my whole constitution.
You come here, you sweat through blood and guts through all this turmoil,
through a gut wrenching transition of a town that used to be a tropical paradise,
into a toilet of a just horrendous twisted nightmare of a place.
You finally get some things that are happening that seem just maybe we have an opportunity
to turn this into like a living, even just a semblance of a living and breathing place.
And what do they do?
They say, bend over, drop the soap in a stickless, long instrument so far deep in there
that your tonsils are tickling.
And mine were moved when I was five years old and my tonsils too.
How do you like that?
And it still hurts.
Yeah, thank you.
Another drink of water, Gary.
There's something special in there for you, baby.
151 at WIOD.
America's favorite neighbor invites you over neighbor.
It's Applebee.
Applebee's is some of the world famous riblet platter, a pound of hickory smoked rib tips,
served up in spicy barbecue sauce with fries and coastloff for only $8.69.
And the rest of the menu is just as good.
Applebee's has a fantastic house to rely on or try those great Applebee's burgers like
the double deck of quarter pound patties with two count them, two kinds of cheese.
And don't forget that pizza veggie patch.
If you've been looking for that extra thin crust, the authentic Italian crust, this is it.
Of all places you find it right there in Applebee's, a thin crust with artichoke carts, mushrooms,
spinach, fresh tomatoes, all on a blend of delicious Italian cheese and you can't be
to with a stick.
Applebee's has something for everybody including a separate Sunday brunch menu.
And a gathering time from three to six and 10 p.m. to closing with half our prices are not yours.
