Now, the NeoRotter Show on YouStock Radio 610, WIOD.
Hey, Neo!
Fuck you!
It's bedtime.
You can't get to sleep because of that annoying late night hack.
Then take Arsenio Hall's call drops.
Get them in fruity cool and also hip flavors.
Arsenio Hall's call drops.
Triangle shaped, just like Arsenio's head.
So, when you're kept awake by that bothersome...
Get busy, get relief, get Arsenio Hall's call drops.
Take only in small doses as much as you can stand.
Oh, what a bad break, man.
He only milked it for how long for six freaking years.
My God!
Kiss the ground, baby.
Arsenio, he'd be going off, man, because nobody was watching that damn thing.
That was one of the most incredible.
You got a hand to two of them.
Very carefully, by the way.
I wouldn't hand anything to him because man, he seems like he's just always ready on the edge of that sofa.
Ready to hop on anything that's moving in some of their like still stationary.
Arsenio, be going, May 27th, that'll be the end.
That'll be the final...
I'm gonna see if you say anything about that cheer right away,
they make something racial out of it, so the less said the better.
I don't see that it has anything to do with that,
but there are certain people who want to make that into a big rate.
The fact is that if the guy was purple, he still sucks.
Him and his whole audience, man, put him on a bus and send him to Peoria somewhere
and get him out of our push, which they'll be doing.
Look at that, the show debut January 3rd, 89,
so like it's been on for like ever.
Six year contract was due to expire in December,
and there have been no negotiates on renewing the deal,
according to Paramount, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
So we'll see Arsenio and Good Riddens, the bad rubbish, man.
One of the worst shows, one of the most embarrassing pieces of crap,
one of the...all these people had claimed that they watched that show,
all these fake hipsters, posers.
Anyway, by the way, the guy that called,
where was he called from the last couple of times about the Packers
and the Odds in Vegas from the Excalibur Sportsbook?
Well, in case he's listening from whatever bizarre place it was he was called from,
the Odds are amazingly enough only 12 to 1.
12 to 1?
Yeah, Packers are only 12 to 1 to win a Super Bowl.
Let's take something a little more daring, you know, like the Bucks.
Bucks are 150 to 1, the Bangles are 150 to 1.
The dolphins are only 5 to 1.
So when we go out to Vegas in June, take like two, three grand
and plunk it down on her, okay? What is it? Yanky Town is worth it.
Oh, that's right, the guy was from Yanky Town.
How are you doing on the Yanky Town, Yanky?
So that's the name of that tune.
And what are we going to do about Dick?
Dick had a bad stroke and what can I say?
Maybe that, you know, you want to get religion when you read about that, huh?
Is that insensitive to say something like that?
Does that make you a relentless bastard to say,
well, old Joe Kennedy had a bad stroke? Huh? What do you say about that?
Exactly. And now Dick Nixon's got a...
Now what, my pants?
Stroke.
So anyway, that's basically what's going on.
We got our big trip coming up to a Vegas.
I guess we got the show bill for May and June for Vegas.
I guess the less said about that, the better.
Well, who wants to see a bunch of stupid shows anyway, right?
Huh? I mean, I could read some of the names
that are going to be out there at that time,
but it's not a primo time for top name entertainment.
It's all I can tell you.
Let's just go out there and check out the scum and the sleaze
as they say in a hero in the sunset.
Let's do a mobile in the Gables before we really do anything else.
Hello?
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you this morning?
Tremendous.
Neil, I have to disagree with you with one point you're already doing.
Arsenio Hall.
Yeah.
I mean, all these old focus remind me of each watch Jay Leno
and David Letterman.
I don't want to watch any of them.
But Arsenio Hall has had good guests,
and he's had musical groups down there,
which other companies are...
Arsenio sucks.
No, he doesn't, Neil.
Arsenio blows.
No, he doesn't, Neil.
No, he doesn't.
He's got the same crap every night sitting on the edge of that sofa
practically falling off on the edge.
Super horny, super a phony hip, super a craft.
The guy's got no talent whatsoever.
He can't interview, he can't sing, he can't dance,
he can't do anything.
Except act horny, anybody can do that.
And who can help him sing and dance with Tom Late night?
Who brings on good orders?
I'll give you an example.
A lot of the musical groups.
Who can sing and dance who's on late night?
Yeah, who?
The who?
Neil, man, you have a good day.
They suck.
See ya.
All the people on Arsenio, the audience,
the host, the guest, they all suck.
He had slick willy on there.
What does that tell ya?
Hey, I like my president, man,
but he's just a douchebag.
That's all I can say.
He's better than what preceded him in the previous 12 years,
but boy, he's a bitter pill to swallow.
I'll tell you that.
That's what Hillary said.
It's awful hard to swallow.
So anyway, Arsenio is going away at the wind,
and here's Rodolf the Met.
If you liked Arsenio, it's interesting,
up until today, up until it was announced that he's getting canceled,
he's not going to be back on.
I couldn't find anybody ever, ever who admitted to watching that show.
Not one.
There wasn't one person out there who had the balls to say,
I watch Arsenio actually like the show.
And a lot of the studies going off in this guy,
at least they give him credit, had the big ones to call and say,
yeah, he was okay.
He sucked.
Look at those dating brow lines.
Is that exciting or what, huh?
Is that like an invitation to death, to suicide?
Anybody watched the movie last night on Fox on Channel 7 here locally?
The No, the Menendez story.
A Sud City watched the tiny little teeny weeny bit of it, and that was it.
I saw about 30 seconds of it at the track in between watching the Rangers kick the ass out of the islanders again.
And we can't say ass anymore.
What was that all about?
Randy had a great promo that I didn't put together with that old bag saying,
kiss my ass, and they yanked it out of here now.
What was that?
That was a great promo.
It was funnier in the crap.
Oh, we can't say crap either.
Can't say funny.
What the hell can't we say?
See ya!
That's about it.
Oh, today is Luis Miguel's birthday.
God, I almost forgot about that.
You guys almost lucked out.
Well, I don't want to get lasted.
They're all upset over there in Tampa.
But screw his ass anyway.
We might just play a Luis Miguel record at the end of each hour today just to celebrate.
And if anybody don't like it, to you, that's what I say.
Because I'm here doing my show.
And if you don't like it, you can go kiss our ass.
And if you're sitting here right with a Mundoed shot, what I thought that is, huh?
I think that the main appeal from our city was that he was so bizarre.
You know, he had that, he looked like he just landed from a spaceship from Mars or Uranus.
He had that like triangular shaped bizarre, weird, the whole ambiance of that man.
There was just something strange about that dude.
And then plus he would sit, never sit his ass back in the seat.
I think maybe the sofa was the problem.
They would have sat him like it, right?
No, seriously, all the other shows they sit in the chair.
You know, behind a little, you know, I realized it's kind of like tritin' everything.
But they sit, they look more comfortable.
But he was always sitting on the edge of that sofa just like he was ready to pounce on anything that was moving, man.
And especially if he could sniff it, you know, if he could sniff just a little bit.
Oh, man, he's just like Horneer and Hell ready in a moment's notice.
And that just gets you nervous like during the entire show just watching this guy who looks like he wants to pound.
And plus he always had these like sloppy big loose suits on, you know?
Like he could just whip him off and do it right there on his stage.
Maybe that's what he should have done when I had an 80's share.
Huh? Maybe he was hiding something big from America there.
And it sure wasn't the numbers.
Well, it's nice knowing you, Arsenio.
That's what America's all about.
I think it's a shame really that he's going up because that's what epitomizes the whole mentality of this goddamn country.
1013 at WIOD and WSUN.
If you've ever applied for a mortgage, you know what a real pain in the asset can be?
Oh, I can't say that. What a pain it can be.
You wait for the application, you wait again for the bank to review all the paperwork.
Instead of waiting what you really want us to be moving your ass into your new home, there it goes again.
At Prime Mortgage Investors, the waiting game stops.
Their professional loan officers work hard to make sure your loan application is processed fast and efficiently.
And because residential mortgages are all that Prime Mortgage does, you're working with the experts.
Not only do they offer one of the fastest turnaround times, but Prime has the lowest rates with programs for condos, homes, investors, and also no income verification loans.
Prime Mortgage Investors loan programs are so flexible that if you're a creditworthy borrower, they can find the right mortgage just for you.
You're a mortgage rather. It's Prime's only business. It's as important to them as it is to you.
The residential mortgage hotlines waiting for you to call today for more information.
You'll be able to speak to one of Prime Mortgage Investors' professional loan officers.
Just pick up that phone and call them right now. 446-4979. That's 446-4979.
Prime Mortgage Investors, the residential mortgage specialist.
It's a different kind of sports show.
Sports talk 16 every night at 6 right here.
Wino T!
This fall on the Fox Network.
The producers of the hit game show called Stuts bring you the brand new hit game show in the Fox Network called SWATS.
Yeah, so like how much money would you be willing to spend on me before I have to come across?
Yes, the same folks who ripped off Chuck Lurie's love connection to bring you Stuts. Now rip themselves up to bring you SWATS.
Well, Valerie, you've heard them all three contestants. Which one do you want to go out with?
She puts up to me. I'll take a walk.
Who did this fall to SWATS on the Fox Network?
Where anything we're doing is we're doing in really bad things.
What's the succession with Hoki?
Here's Chalios back into the Toronto end.
Now did by Osborne, but he held the Fox Chalios bounce one for Karni, hopped outside the line.
Taking away now by Rouse.
Bob Rouse to the Hawk Lunt.
Senator Vanderbilt, the Chalios go now!
Senator Vanderbilt, the Chalios go now!
And the Toronto midfielder with an even straight goal of power play.
Go now as Chalios.
Oh!
The 11.5 minutes of the game, a less than a fish has started for the Eval.
It's great nothing throughout them.
Nothing like getting a Chalios in there. I'll tell you that, right?
6'2".
Eyes of blue.
It's such a shame he's not a Jew.
Has anybody seen Margot?
Yes, he's on the beach. He's out of reach.
But in his shorts, they're lies a peach.
Has anybody seen Margot?
No!
If you like your guys, circumcised, he just won't do.
Oi! But if you chose to hold your nose, there's bigger things in store for you.
And he thinks, can he dance?
He makes a party in Newspass.
Has anybody seen Margot?
Thank you, Ray.
Whoa!
Oh, speaking of W. Drew, yesterday I'm listening to Randy on the way to the track.
And some callers, some one of our Yentas out there, one of our young Yentas and training calls into an informer,
that Drew sees on the light bulb with Spider-Man and that other group of male contents over there
who are busy peddling their $40 spots like 30 of mid-a-time back-to-back.
So anyway, I punch you over there for a second.
And I have no idea what he's doing, except, of course, bad mouthing this place and everybody in here,
which is really great if he ever would want to come back.
So I guess he sealed his faith, thank goodness.
And then they go into a thing, I punch it back for about 30 seconds and he's like talking politics.
And Spider-Man is sucking in and will think about Gary Hart and Dan Quay.
It was the most pathetic bunch of cock-a I have ever heard in my life.
Oi!
I mean, if there was ever anybody needed living evidence, living proof that this man did not belong on the air,
that this child was absolutely beyond any hope, but it was right there yesterday.
Here's Palm Harbor, wait a minute, who's that?
Palm Harbor, hello.
Yeah, he came to the Ranger game, he's going down to Gary Thorne.
No, I do not, sir.
Because he's suck.
Yeah.
And good is the leaf.
How about the Zalenders, huh?
Oh, the next leaf that Goli put in.
See, let me tell you this right now that at least if the Panthers have been there, we'd...
They've been probably three to one.
Half to at least be making a better showing than the Islanders.
Yeah, pathetic.
It's going to be tough game, you know, with Detroit losing the San Jose.
San Jose beats, I'll tell you, the worst trade in the history of hockey,
Bob Estes, the human sieve and goal for the Red Wings, gives up five, indietroid.
Look out now.
I loved it.
I loved it big time.
I mean, New York against Toronto, looks like.
Might be right.
How you have all, how can you beat that?
Great.
Okay, put me one request now, let you go.
What is that, sir?
Played that song with Renee Lachner's, the two-stagger song, this one.
Walk away, Renee.
Yeah.
By the way, Marlon's pulled one out last night.
They pulled it right out there, right in Denver.
I have a three.
Okay.
Have a great day, Bob.
Yeah, if we keep playing San Diego in Colorado, I'll see you in the long run.
How about those braids?
Oh, Jesus!
God and Joseph.
I might have to be forced to actually whip this out, old Naka Homa.
What are they like, 13 and 1?
Yeah, it's 13 in it.
And like the last six or seven in the row, and they just win every day.
They don't just win.
They win like, seven to one and 82 to nothing.
And like, what is that?
What is that all about?
I mean, last year they got off to that Brady pressing slow start.
And then they had to like scramble like crazy.
Then they almost blew it at the end.
They had to beat the Giants in a playoff.
This year, they're just like, might not lose another game until July.
And of course, they'll be here.
Next week, some of us will be there for both games.
I think we'll cool them off.
We'd had pretty good luck against them last year.
We have played them tough.
We, us.
Well, we won a game last night, so now it's we, us.
And then how it works here.
Here's Miami on the Star Line. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, man?
We're doing it, man.
Yeah.
I have to agree with you.
1,000% of our studio.
Wasn't he the fatal?
He was what?
He's tough, didn't he?
Fatal.
He was.
He was fatal.
He looked like he wanted to kiss every person he was talking to.
He wanted to touch it and grab it and squeeze it.
He looked like he was really feeling for the people he was talking to.
Yeah, we're exactly like he was reaching out and touching somebody.
He had to go to work for his southern bell.
You got a baby, hey, how about them, Marlon?
Yeah.
When's the last time you seen them come back from a loss in the 19th inning?
They kicking it this year.
They are. They almost pulled that one out on Sunday.
And then they came back. They blew the look.
I was in a radio going home from the track last night.
And the Gerardi got that hit for the Rockies.
And we were behind three to two.
And I figured, well, nice try.
And then I pick up the paper this morning and we pull that baby out again.
Yeah, I saw the sleep in the 19th inning.
Well, you better keep your eyes open because they're going to be pulling out a lot this year, man.
And some games too.
Right. Take it easy, Neil.
Have a great life.
By the way, Alfredo needs some serious, uh,
did you take a look at that child today?
Good God.
He must have been up celebrating Luis's birthday all night with him or with somebody or with like a whole bunch of people.
Good God.
Anyway, did anybody see the movie?
Did we get a call on that?
Did tape me the movie last night about the Menendez trial, which, uh, you know, once it comes to see there's not much interest now because it's like in limbaugh limbo.
And there's not much interest now.
But once they get the retrial going, which eventually will happen today, say anything about that at the end about when there's going to be retrial now.
And once that gets back on court TV and CNN again, millions and millions of people be like tuning in and watching these guys in the see if they still look as good as they did before.
Uh, anyway, so did the guys last night look any good?
Fair?
Not they did not look good.
Well, what kind of a movie is that?
That's the whole deal.
That's why these guys got off because they were good actors and they looked pretty good.
They were like all American except Eric was a little wimpy and cried a lot, but they look pretty healthy, you know?
And when you guys like that go on trial, the jury says, well, they look too cute to like kill mommy and daddy.
There must have been, those parrots must have been relentless bastards, you know?
And at Jose, he was probably like a relentless, uh, I don't want to say, speak.
Yeah, okay, speak.
Well, that's what the story said.
Okay, he was a relentless spec, but at least he lived out there not here so we don't mind getting anybody upset about that.
Okay, Tim, he should have been on KPSA USA.
It's 1024 at WIOD and WSUN.
Oh, suds this Sunday's draft day.
Great.
Uh, do I have to bring my own bugs?
No, it's not that kind of draft day.
NFL draft day at your lobby stadium.
We're all going to be there at 610 WIOD broadcast in NFL draft live.
First 1500 fans to the door get a WIOD fan bag stuffed with prizes.
Yeah, there's been all in it again this year.
Draft day at J.R.S. also pick a seat day.
Ah, that's nothing so special. I pick mine every morning.
What a putz.
Pick a seat day is when you can pick the seats you want for season tickets to the fins.
Get a good seat and you can even watch Dolphin.
Daddy's balls fun.
Gross.
I'll think of it.
Where else can a bunch of guys sit around all day pounding beer watching TV and picking their seats?
Oh, it's a party.
In half a day.
The WIOD NFL draft day party.
Sunday at Joe Robbie Stadium.
Gates open at two.
Coverage starts at three.
Brought to you by mailboxes, etc.
Warren Henry Infinity Jaguar Volga Range Rover.
And South Florida's news talk and entertainment station.
610 WIOD.
Now the big news every weekday morning.
His Rick and Suts right here.
New stop radio 610.
New God.
Come with you, royalty.
Many of us may not be getting enough.
What's the worst thing that can happen when you're eating a fast food burger?
Besides the burger.
That's right. You'll find a hair in your food.
Yeah.
It's disgusting and it happens all the time.
But now there's a restaurant that avoids this ugly shock because it's right on the menu.
Come to Fuzzburgers.
Man, take your order, please.
Yes, I'd like four fuzzburgers with ketchup, pickles and extra hair.
Curly or straight?
What, Curly or...
Curly and a shake.
Chocolate or strawberry blind?
Blind hair.
Want any lights with that?
Yes, never be surprised by hair in your food again.
It's on the menu at Fuzzburgers.
This week order a hairball and fries and take home a free cone.
So what's wrong with a little fur with your lunch?
1029 at WIOD and I'm going to like issue a challenge but I don't think anybody's going to be able to answer it.
I was talking when I came back from vacation about that real thin.
Well, I've talked about it before but nobody pays any attention as usual.
That real, real thin crust pizza that they have in Rome.
I mean thin as like...
The only thing I could compare it to, it's not as thin as paper but like a manila envelope.
That thickness which is pretty damn thin.
But that's how thin they roll it.
And they like, you know, put the cheese and then the salami or whatever you want on top and they cook it in the wood burning brick oven.
And it's real crisp but only on the outside on the edges, like almost like burned on the edges.
And real thin and delicious.
And somebody was telling me that there is a restaurant on South Beach with a real stupid name like Italian restaurant or something original like that.
That has something fairly close to it.
But I want to issue the real, see because there are people who have the New York style pizza which is about the thickness of cardboard, right?
Piece of cardboard.
Yeah, we're a little thicker.
And then of course there's the Sicilian and then there's Chicago deep dish or pan or whatever you want which is real, real thick.
Well, that's okay. All of those have their own place.
But the best of all.
And maybe our friends at Vito's or Jeff up at the trough or somebody out there can duplicate that real, real, real, real extra thin.
Fashion cafe.
Is that the name of it?
Supposedly.
Somebody just called already?
Yeah.
The fashion cafe. Is that the one on Ocean Drive on South Beach because that's where allegedly this one's supposed to be?
The fashion cafe.
Maybe we could get some of that sent over here one day this week, you know what even though.
And of course there's nothing fattening about that because it's like, I'm telling you man, the crust is as thin as the paper in a vanilla envelope.
That thickness.
I mean real, real thin and delicious.
God is that good stuff.
What does that have to do with anything?
Here is the Fort Lauderdale on the star on the pound line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Well now with our Sydney, going off the air, if I die tomorrow, I'll still have a smile on my face.
Great.
But you've been on for a while.
I have an hour now and you haven't mentioned anything about Rosanne and Tom.
Thank God.
Who gives a crap about those slabs, especially that fat pig?
I think it's always nice to hear a better one. They have some surest.
Yeah, there you go.
She makes me sick.
She makes me want to puke.
She ought to eat a loaf with our sineo. They make a good pair of the two of them.
Well, that's good.
Maybe he ought to look with our sineo.
Might make a better pair.
There you go.
Okay.
Yeah, he might be better in bed than she is. I'll tell you that.
Oh man, I tell you.
It's basically what the world is. Let's slow down for just a minute.
Okay. The world is. Here's the list.
Michael Jackson, Madonna, Rosanne.
Now our sineos like he's in there for like a few seconds.
Letterman, Lordass Limbaugh, who might leave it out?
Latoya once in a while.
That's it.
Who else?
I mean, there's some people on the edges like share and Arnold and you know,
feel the those are like the on the second rung of the letter.
But like basically the world is revolving around Michael Jackson, Madonna.
And then those two are so far and above everybody else.
And then Rosanne, who's now, of course, you know, getting her
puss in there again, so to speak, because she and Tom have split up.
Who gives a flying craft?
And I actually know people who watch that show, including George.
Didn't you tell me you watch that show? I'd see that.
I can't believe.
I mean, if you had any credibility, which you don't, I mean,
you never watched it. You're wrong. You're wrong.
You've never had it.
I don't believe you. Just like Seinfeld, I tried watching that show
for like 10 minutes one night. I never won.
I want, huh?
Hilarious show.
It's a very weak show.
When you have it, don't you understand when you have a dish,
you don't have to subject yourself to the little drips and drops that the network
give you. You have too much of a choice.
I don't have room in my life for garbage like that.
Don't you understand? I don't have time for that crap.
But I think that I think we've discovered something here and that is when you're
uncircumcised that poor skin.
No, seriously, if it's too tight, it cuts off the circulation.
And that's not a good part of your body to cut off the circulation.
Because that's where a lot of guys brains are at.
It's right in that part of their body. It's where they do all their thinking.
And as a result, when your circulation is cut off, it has this effect.
And you start watching crap like Roseanne.
So I rest my case.
Here's a mobile and four-letter on a day line. Hello.
How are you doing, Neil? Great.
A couple of questions.
In the last day of the hockey game, in the Rangers game,
when it's four or five nothing and the islanders are like,
why don't they go to another game?
Like in a more exciting game like the Bruins game or the San Jose game?
Well, like they do in football.
In between periods, they did go to the Bruins.
I think it has something to do with their contract,
but you're absolutely right.
Once it got to be four or nothing and then five, nothing.
I mean, the islanders were never in the game at all.
They were trying.
At that point, they should have gone to,
they should have seen bits of the San Jose Detroit game,
which is a great game.
I was going back and forth.
Yeah.
And then finally, at least they showed us the end of the Montreal Boston game,
which is another great death.
That's going to be the great series of that Montreal Boston series after all the series.
I know. I'm rooting for Boston.
Yeah, of course.
Um, uh, uh.
Oh, oh.
And for pizza, for thin crust.
I mean, like thin.
So when you pick it up, it stays flat.
Then doesn't drop over.
But real thing, Chris pizza take out only a sunrise and sunset and, uh,
Zucarillas.
Zucarillas?
I think that's what it's called.
They have incredible thing crust pizza, but it's just thing crust.
And that thick stuff just.
Yeah, but is it like regular New York style?
Yes.
Yes.
But that's not what I'm looking for.
I'm looking for like extra thin.
I mean, so thin that it's like almost like a piece of paper.
It's thin, thin, it's crust pizza.
Really?
Yeah, it's excellent.
And it's, and it's so thin, but it's, you know, people try to make thin pizza.
And they put the sauce on it.
You go to pick it up.
It slides all over.
Oh, that's so good.
Exactly.
This isn't like that.
This is incredible pizza.
But it's take out only.
Zucarillas?
Zucarillas.
Isn't that shop next to publics?
We're, uh, sunset and sunrise.
Boulevard.
Sunset and sunrise.
Right.
Oh, of course.
Yeah.
You just have to fight the parking lot.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I'll check it out.
I know what you're talking about.
Right.
That pizza's really good.
I never had it.
And they don't come in the neighborhood during lunch time.
They saw slices.
I go in there all the time because it's actually way.
They sell slices of the real thin?
Oh, the real thin.
Oh, you've got to check it out.
Okay.
Head to way home.
Any clothes?
Toolfather?
Oh, God.
Grazie.
Prego.
Two upper lines, both in date.
7519-463-751-thin is best.
I'll tell you, when it's thin, it's, uh, quality.
Trust me when I tell you.
From personal experience, 1036 at WIOD and WSUF.
This afternoon, it, too.
It's the goddess, Randy Rose, right here.
It's the crazy o' stick, then.
Where are we?
The WIOD.
Jimmy Johnson, Fox, and Soda's his hair cut.
Oh!
She's a shining example in a body and end of everything
that's wrong with America.
Those are nothing to do and a low IQ
always tune in to laugh at her.
She's disgusting to watch and her material does.
Why does someone like that?
She's a pretty girl.
Deskly fast with cheese between her toes.
Roseanne is a douchebag.
Oh!
I get no aggravated when Lucy is equated to that
whiny and obnoxious wild.
She's a dirty fighter and the critics don't like her.
She's insecure about her job.
Her ratings are high, but I don't know what's for.
She's just a puking, losing and unbalanced.
And I don't want to see her on the TV no more.
Roseanne is a douchebag.
She's a douchebag.
She's a big douchebag.
She's a douchebag.
Oh!
She looks really fat back.
She's a douchebag.
Oh!
I get no douchebag.
Oh!
The TV guy would have his things.
She's a rake.
She's featured every week on almost every page.
I'd rather see her go back to the pasture and raise.
Roseanne is a douchebag.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Hold a pen and say no hubby.
How's your pathetic slide?
Now that you're riding on the grow-style of your successful wife.
She's a douchebag.
She's a big douchebag.
Yes, she's a douchebag.
Oh!
She's a belly fat bag.
She's a douchebag.
Yes, she's a douchebag.
Hold the height surrounding where it's hard to move.
She's 400 pounds of food and sleep.
She must have a hard time trying to raise.
Roseanne is a douchebag.
We go fox milk our city over five and a half long pondress tedious years.
Let's see how long we're going to be able to milk that fat bitch.
You know what I'm saying?
Anyway, it's 10.42 a W-I-O-D.
We're not going to have time to play Luis every hour today.
So maybe like a little taste.
Like that.
Huh? Maybe a little more taste?
A little taste.
A little bit less of our feelings.
A little taste.
Okay, put a lid on it.
We have an open line indeed.
751, one on the storyline.
What I'm going to get Bob and his red neck audience upset over there in Tampa.
God forbid.
Here's a lady in Spring Hill. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
How are you doing?
Very well. Thank you.
Love your show.
Founded by accident.
Gotcha.
My radio cut the bed.
And now I only get a FM on it.
You're radio what?
My radio did Kaka.
It did Kaka?
It Kaka at the bed.
So all I get is an FM station.
And I found you by accident.
And I absolutely love you.
I can't believe you get away with what you get away with.
What is that?
Everything. Everything.
I'm a snow bird down here from Massachusetts.
From Massachusetts from like where?
Well, 11 miles out of Boston.
Winchester.
Winchester.
Yeah.
You know something I lived in Boston for two years?
I never heard of Winchester.
It's a very yanky type of...
Is it near like Lowell?
No.
No.
It's surrounded by snow.
No, I'm Scott.
Medfoot.
Medfoot.
Now we're talking.
Okay. I know where it is.
It's not far from there.
Right.
But I absolutely love the station.
And I have a few questions I would like to ask.
Anything you want, we will...
If we don't know the answers, we just make them up.
Oh, I hope you do.
Of course.
I hear you talk about Renee Latchman.
Oh, yeah. I forgot to play that too.
Is he the same Latch that was the third base coach for the Boston Red Sox back in the 1980s?
See.
He was also the manager of the...
Putty Managed the Brewer, somebody of the A, somebody.
Oh.
Briefly for about five minutes.
And how is he down here?
Is he from our light down here?
They hate him like poison.
Do they really?
Yeah.
And he's all likely brother.
The pitching coach, they hate him even more.
Huh?
His name is Marie.
Is brother?
Marie's?
Yes.
Renee and Marie's.
Renee and Marie's.
What is his brother's name?
Marie.
Marcel.
I was...
Not Marie's.
Marcel.
Why do you have to refer to that letter?
That's close enough.
Oh.
I would like to share something short and sweet with you and your audience.
Something short?
Short.
Short.
But there was that just slipped out that Boston just slipped out of you.
Yeah.
Good.
Don't stand up again.
Back in the 80s, he was a friend of my ex-boy.
Wow.
And I never really met him until maybe three months after speaking with him on the telephone.
Yeah.
And I have an older brother who has multiple sclerosis and he's been in a nursing home.
Renee was so nice.
He's got me.
It's when the Red Sox won the Eastern Division back in the 84, 83, something like that.
Renee got a baseball.
Had all the guys sign it.
And he brought it into my office and I didn't even know who this guy was standing at my desk.
And he handed it to me and told me who he was in some self.
Very nice, Mia.
And gave me the baseball for my brother, which really puts such a smile on him.
Well, that's really nice.
We still hate him though, but I mean that is a very nice story.
He despised a gentleman.
Yeah.
He is a nice guy.
I know what Leo D'Rosio said about nice guys.
He should be more assertive.
Yeah.
He's just a little more assertive with the guys.
Or he don't have too much to work with at this point so we can't blame him anymore.
And I agree with you about Rosy and I never watched the show.
What a disgusting, obnoxious fat bitch.
I know.
My husband feels the same way about it.
I mean, when she first started getting a little notoriety when she was doing her stand up for squatting comedy routine,
she was kind of funny, you know, like in short doses.
And then, Rosy and her hair at the time.
Whatever, I don't know.
But then she became like this gigantic mammoth bigger than life piece of crap.
And I got news for her.
I can't take like five seconds of her.
She's always the same with that same.
I mean, she doesn't do anything.
No, she's just not getting.
She's just disgusting.
She's just a pig.
She's just a pig.
Anybody can be a pig.
I love you.
I'll have a great day.
I am.
Have a great life.
I enjoy you so much.
And give Renee a big kiss for us right on the first.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
How about that?
That Boston at Shart.
That one more all takes is one word.
It just slipped right out.
Maybe she did number it in her shards.
We have an open line today.
One in the up.
Look at that.
The saw one in the south.
I can't keep those straight.
The phone lines for the cars.
They're just not doing it today.
Everybody else is doing it.
We have one open line on the green line.
1-800-944.
Did anybody call and say that they saw that movie last night?
I guess not.
Why does that happen every time I see something that I'm interested?
Nobody else gives a flying crap.
When it's something that I think is the most ridiculous.
Oh, didn't you see that?
How could you not watch that?
Everybody wants to talk about that, you asshole.
Oh, sorry.
Just like I go to the track last night.
I cannot take this schedule this year with the NHL playoffs.
It's an abortion.
It's Bill Monroe used to say on the meat depressed.
It's an abortion, which is why he's not on there anymore.
Also from knowing really couldn't say abortion.
Abortion.
But anyway, so like they got the islanders and the Rangers playing two nights back to back.
Which makes sense because they're like both in the yacht.
And then they got like three days off and then they play a good on Sunday because it's all for TV.
So maybe they assume that some of the players are going to attack on the subway in between.
And they'll have to have time to heal up or something.
What is that all about?
So I go to the track last night.
No problem at all.
I got my VCR all set.
Antiquant 20, CBC, nice clear picture.
I come home.
There's the goddamn Montreal Boston game.
I don't want that.
I want the leaves.
I want my hockey game, Miss Ratchet.
If I could tell you how distraught and I mean sure,
Don ESPN last night, we're seeing like it's one nothing.
It's two nothing.
It's three nothing.
The lease are kicking a rast.
That's nice.
And they're showing some highlights.
But I want to go home and enjoy the game.
I want Don Cherry and Bob Cole in his vault spot in Harry Neal.
I want the whole thing.
Ron McLean, man.
No, I got the goddamn Montreal Canadians.
Okay.
Make me want a puke Patrick.
Rock.
Even his name.
Yeah.
It's like.
Yeah.
See what I'm saying?
Sounds like puke.
Looks like puke.
So what do I have to do?
I have to like set my VCR sports channel Chicago 430 in the morning.
They replayed the game.
Thank God.
And that's a, and I'll be honest with you.
That was a pretty good call by Pat.
What's his name?
Pat Foley.
The pain.
What is that?
The pain is great.
Oh, I took the card out.
But it was a pretty good call.
The stuff that I go through just to try to put something on here.
I'm going to go through a little bit different and it's still don't pay off.
How's Louise doing, by the way?
Just a little taste, Louise is all I want.
Just a little taste.
Of course, a little taste leads to bigger and better things.
That's enough.
Okay.
1049 at WIOD and WSUN.
I'm not going to read these stories anymore about Janet Jackson's car and about all this other crap.
Because this copy is the worst.
And all the years that Low Jack's been on here with me, this is the all-time worst.
Nobody gives a flying crap about Janet Jackson or a $40,000 black Range Rover or any of that other crap.
All they care about is their car.
And they care about not being ripped off by spending thousands of dollars from some stupid alarm system that makes a lot of screaming noise that nobody pays any attention to.
And once it's disabled and the car is gone, they never see their car again.
What they want is real protection.
And that's why they definitely want Low Jack because it really works.
It's a silent but deadly homing device and anytime your car is stolen, you just call a police.
They enter your little personal computer thing and their police tracking computers and they zip in on the home and on that signal.
Just like a homing pigeon.
And they get your car back fast in one piece while it's still worth getting back.
And right now when you buy your Low Jack recovery unit for the one-time cost to just $595, you also get a free...
There's that word again that they love in this town.
A free remote activated car alarm.
Absolutely positively free with no added monthly fees, no hidden charges, no installation costs.
So check it out. Low Jack, with your South Florida new car dealer or call a lane.
She'll answer your questions and God only knows what else she'll do.
Tool free called 1-800-53 Low Jack. 1-800-535-6522.
There's only one way to cover South Florida traffic.
You've got to cover all three counties.
Say, Broward, Home Beach.
You've got to have more traffic report.
At least six every hour during rush hours.
And there's only one station in South Florida that goes this far to get reliable traffic.
Information to you every day.
South Florida's News Talk and Entertainment Station.
News Talk Radio 16.
W-I-O-D.
There's never been anything funny about getting up in the morning.
Until now, Rick and Suts, weekday mornings right here.
W-I-O-T!
10-53 W-I-O-D.
Guess who's going to experiment?
Guess who's our first volunteer to try to make the real, real, ultra thin paper thin pizza
like just like in Rome. Guess who it is.
Let me give you a little hint.
Kee-ho!
It's just a joke, Jeff.
It's just a little joke.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, ponytail is going to do it today.
Okay? He's going to bring us like an ultra-paper thin, real, as in Rome.
Did you tell him what I wanted on it?
George, did you tell him I wanted the Genoa Salami on there?
Did you tell him that?
What did he do? Laugh in the phone?
I left a recording.
Message.
Left a recording on what?
On his answering machine at the orifice.
Because they couldn't get in the mobile, which is what he called me on.
In his orifice? What is that where he's going to cook it?
He's got a storage closet in the back.
And he's got a desk in there.
It's his office.
I've been in there. I know that.
It's like a broom closet.
He took me back there to impress me with what a hot shot businessman he is.
I've seen, uh, I've seen, uh, I've seen bigger closets than that.
His orifice.
Mr. Hot Shot.
So the pizza loft is taking, is answering the challenge today and they're going to do it.
I can't wait for this.
Here's a lady mobile in Boca.
Hello.
You?
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
Am I supposed to talk into loud?
No, not yet.
Oh, okay.
I'll let you know.
Don't worry about that.
Okay.
First question.
What color is Corvettes?
What color is my Corvettes?
Yeah. Are they?
One is like Aqua Blue and the other one is Ruby Red, the 40th anniversary collectible.
Okay.
You were not the one in the Terp Point Corvettes sunrise that was involved in a car accident over the weekend.
No, I was not.
Oh, good.
I thought it, because they did not identify the driver and I was concerned it might have been you, but it wasn't.
No.
Well, but the board today aren't you listening right now?
Yeah.
Don't you think if I would have been involved in some kind of a concertoops, I would have come on the air and started screaming and carrying on like some kind of a wild, the bitch in the heat?
No, because it was sunrise.
