had the exclusive rights to the signage at your lobby stadium. That was a deal you made with the dolphins not with the uh and then of course as it turned out it didn't make any difference because he bought the dolphins anyway.
The magic cafe out there in center field in that picnic area at the Marlon Games. They left that thing up and they left it up and finally the cocks attorney said, Hey, baby, Cox a hoist and the signs came down. They just magically disappeared.
How's any fox doing by the way? He allowed to call us anyone. Hey, Johnny, how are you doing? Sunny must be in heaven now, huh? Now that Howard's going to be out because that's not his audience.
When you rather have Howard on the sea, I still say that that bit about 30 to 54. That's another lie that David Ross and of course she swallowed a hook line and thinker that Deborah Wilkermen knows nothing about radio. See, that's the thing about this market. It's such a nickel and die market.
You turn on TV and they got a sports guy doing the news full time on channel four. They got a sports guy who who vacillates and vaccinate between doing the sports and the news on channel six, a camera, a martian.
And they got like the music writer, the music editor in the Sun Sentinel every now and then she writes the radio column, even though she doesn't know an radio.
And they got the religion writer and one paper is writing a radio column on the other one. And what is it all about, man?
Talk about unprofessional talk about Bush league too much bush, baby.
So when you go and vote for governor, just remember too much bush, a little bush may be good, but too much bush be bad. Just keep that in mind, okay?
1137 at WI O'D. Speaking of that, if you don't have enough bush on your head, Charles Alfie Erie has been supplying hero placement systems for leading show business figures for over 25 years. Now that's right. He's been doing it for years for the big shots. The people with the money, honey.
And he knows his hair. You can pay more for hair system. If you want to be a sucker, you can go to the hair club for boys, men, girls, whatever they call it. Pay as much as 2800 big ones or you can get the best in the most natural system in the biz for just 800 bucks from Charles Alfie Erie.
And Charlie knows the secret of a natural looking system is regular servicing what every guy in the world aspires to is being serviced on a regular basis is Miriam coming by the way, speaking of air outstanding.
That's why service visits at Charles Alfie Erie are priced at just 25 bucks, not 60 bucks like they soak you with the hair club. And while you wait, Charles will add hair to your present system at only 25 bucks an hour, he'll restore its natural color for just 10 bucks, even revive the wave and cruel to make it look natural again, no matter where you bought that piece.
You know, the ball spot look for the 90s is out trust me, even Wayne would agree if he could just rub enough cash together, he'd be right over to Charles Alfie Erie in a hair, hair beat at 4390 North Federal Highway right between Oakland and commercial in Fort Lauderdale call for an appointment today or their free brochure or just a bunch of Wayne's old hair in the mail call 928 1755.
That's 928 1755 or toll free if you're out of Broward, it's 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 hair for the 90s from Charles Alfie Erie.
This is South Florida's news talking entertainment station.
New South Radio 6 in.
Larry King's fucked at night and he's gonna suck in the air for noob to get a life.
That is great radio.
I don't know why, I just like to wear garters every once in a while.
Vic has a secret he's not telling anybody.
When I get home from work, I need to express my feminine side.
Is there something wrong with that?
The 90s have spawned a new kind of man.
One who's strong yet sensitive, a little like Fabio, a little like Alan Alda, a little like Sharon Stone.
I've been a bad boy, I need to be spanked and that's why there's a new intibit of peril store for men.
It's Vic's secret, perfect for the man in your life who occasionally feels the need to dress like a woman.
It's hard to find a busier enough 46 long.
Vic's secret, he made dress like a construction worker, but underneath that denim shirt and jeans, he could be wearing a teddy.
Come on guys, it's me and a collater time.
Alright!
And our Vic's secret catalog makes excellent coffee table reading for the woman in your life.
Hey, look at the unit on that guy, will you?
Vic's secret, remember ladies that diet drink and construction worker could be wearing panties with the help of Vic's secret.
Speaking of that, 1143 at WIWD, thanks to Dan for sending me all these stark naked pictures of the young guys from the young in the horny which by the way today and tomorrow week,
really week, save your eyesight, save the effort, nothing to go on.
And tomorrow is just a repeat from what I saw on Friday because the US Open was on.
And of all the people that have to win the goddamn US Open is if anybody really cares with all the football and important stuff that was going on yesterday.
That obnoxious, that disgusting Andrei, obviously, was in bed in at least 10 years with his black socks, schmutzie and grotesque.
And you notice who his new alleged girlfriend is now?
Now what does that say about you when your girlfriend is Brook Shields?
Is that like a coming out party when you announce that your girlfriend is Brook Shields, that's like saying,
Get what?
Surprise!
Talk about a fag-hag.
WIWD is Starline.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm holding for Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, how you doing buddy?
We're doing screenless man.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Don't forget about that.
Hey, what are you doing when they deliver pizza to the stadium like you're not in your seat?
Oh jeez, what if you want to take a leak?
That's a good point.
Huh?
They pass it to the next guy.
I think they do.
I think they pass it to Irving Fryer.
Listen, he catches the pepperoni on the 40s down to the 30 and he passes it up to Bill Zinfar.
It's a book.
I'm not.
Did you watch any of the giant games?
Did I watch it?
You mean last night, oh I did not.
Well, well said, you were mentioning Bleto who did up and cover with Brown.
I'll tell you, he's not doing a bad job.
Let me tell you something.
Okay, I saw Dave Brown.
I saw a little bit of him last week.
He may be, eventually he may be good.
He's no Bleto.
Huh?
He's no Bleto.
This is a bit of a...
I'm serious man.
I haven't been impressed by a young quarterback in the league this much and he don't even look good.
I'm serious.
This kid is so outstanding.
He's got such poise.
He stands right in there in a pocket.
He doesn't, he takes vicious hits.
He just gets right out.
And he has got the greatest arm and it's just incredible.
They backed him up one time.
They were starting on about their four yard line, I think.
And just drove him down the field man like a knife through Buddha.
It was incredible.
Did you see the stat yesterday last year, all the 2 and 0 teams and like 90 percent didn't even make the playoff?
Yeah, don't forget.
Didn't Dallas lose three of their first four.
They were something like that last year and then they never lost the game the rest of the season.
And in closing.
And by the way, and by the way, they weren't too impressive yesterday either.
Just barely, barely squeaking by Houston.
And Houston had that new quarterback, Richardson, who wasn't that doing that bad either.
Yeah, that could look pretty good too man.
He can run, he can do it, he can, he's another one.
And the 49ers fell too.
Yeah, that was a tough game.
There's some good games yesterday.
And in closing.
And how about those buck and ears, baby?
In front of 30's figure that.
In front of the call score 42 last week.
I mean, in front of 40,000 empty seats in Tampa Bay.
Can you believe that?
That's right.
The stadium holds 75,000 people.
It was less than half full.
And let me do it.
And in closing.
Yeah.
From Jim Mantis Library.
Buddy Ryan, you jerked.
You jacked out.
All right.
See ya.
Boy, you're sure a busy beaver today.
Don't take that personally.
But boy, she's Alisa's in and out all over the place in here.
What do you got now?
I like it like that.
Do you like it like that?
You like the in and out, huh?
Well, okay.
Keep that in mind, guys.
Alisa says, okay.
Well, cool it.
What?
You just got through Sanit.
Don't say it while you say it to me because you know you're safe.
W-I-O-D.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, did you happen to catch turning point last week?
Turning point.
Yeah, do you watch any of those shows that, you know, it's one of those like now or, um...
Yeah, one of those 2020 type shows?
Yeah, they had it on the scene.
Let's go on with Bob-Wah.
Yeah.
Bob-Wah, no, I don't watch Bob-Wah.
No, I can't handle it.
I can't.
If I watch her and Joe Nameth in the same week, I start talking like that, he duck.
Well, they had it on female circumcision.
Yeah.
And Egypt.
Yeah.
And the...
Now, wasn't I the first one to be on top of this month's ago we talked on this show about female circumcision?
It was horrific.
It is horrific.
They showed this girl...
Talk about a slice of life.
Oh, but they showed this girl and she's about seven or eight and she's walking around the house before this is going to happen.
And then she's got this look on her face like, oh, maybe this is like a birthday party or something.
Yeah, right.
And then the next minute she's spread-agled and torn over dead, this guy's...
This guy's like a bomb.
Often just starts clamping something down and slices away.
Oh!
And you hear a scream from her that...
Yeah.
Oh, it was...
No, I don't know.
No.
And then they wrapped up...
Oh!
They wrapped up with some sort of like sheet material, like they ripped some sheets up.
Yeah.
And then they just...
A schmata.
And she's person, though, and she's going, I can't believe you did this to me.
And it was...
It's just...
The scream she made when I did it, it's like...
Both my testicles got sucked up inside of me.
I just kind of went...
That's...
It's horrific.
Yeah.
But, you know, it's...
Then they're talking to this...
Her sister and they're saying like, oh, this is tradition.
And it's like a hell of a tradition.
See, that's the problem with this world.
The people who should be circumcised are not.
And the ones who should be left alone are getting sliced.
That's the problem.
Well, I had to do it when you're like eight years old.
I can't imagine them.
Yeah, but listen, if you heard all these young guys, I'm talking guys in their 20s,
these Cuban guys in this town, who got circumcised when they were like teenagers,
or even in their 20s.
Yeah.
How'd you like to walk around for a couple of months after that deal?
I can imagine you couldn't like look at anybody or anything or anyone.
Wow.
Forget about looking.
How about just walking?
Yeah.
How about just waking up in the middle of the night and fighting out that nature was trying to take its course
and something was trying to like, you know, pop out?
That whole show is kept with me and I just kind of go out and talking to people.
You know, it's barbaric.
Yeah.
Well, that should give me a good lesson in life, do you, sir?
It's barbaric.
Part of family planning, I guess.
Part of the world in which we live.
Have a great day.
See you too.
Oh, and by the way, the Vatican loses out.
Oh, yes.
At the World Population Council in Cairo, speaking of Egypt, the Vatican, they hopped and they screamed,
and they yelled, and they lifted their dress and they squatted and it didn't do any good.
And they finally said, oh, go ahead.
We don't care.
Screw you guys.
We're doing each other anyway.
So the Pope loses out because the rest of the at least allegedly attempting to be just a little bit rational and civilized world said,
about a big deal, man.
Screw you.
Go make your own babies.
You and the Cardinals.
Anyway, it's 1149 at WIO.
The Candle Toyota is the nation's largest Toyota dealer.
Shop the others then.
Of course, you'll call Candle Toyota and my good, close personal friend Mark Jacobson.
And I can't believe he showed that thing again last night.
Whether you're looking for a pickup through cell, Carolla, Camry, look no further.
Candle Toyota lets price sell their cars with the lowest published rates.
It's Guaranteed, man.
No other Toyota dealer in date, Broward or Palm Beach can match Candle Toyota's prices.
No matter what their headlines say, no matter what the sale is, no matter what they say,
call it no matter what the finance rate is, Candle Toyota will blow the other dealers away.
Candle Toyota on US 1 just out the day, land, call 1-800-873-TO-1-800-873-TO-WIO for Candle Toyota.
The payphone challenge, news from around the planet and a lot more.
It's Rick and Sudge, weekday mornings, right here.
What was your first break?
I went to work in Knocked on Doors and got a job with a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida.
I did everything.
I was an idea.
I did the board.
I did Jock, I did sports, I did news, I did everything.
Cleaned up, cleaned up, cleaned up, I did everything.
1153, WID Screenless Monday and look at that thing.
See, it gets to the top of the yard.
It's all like a little strategy game here now.
That's what the show has turned into.
It's the audience playing their little game and we're playing our little game and everybody's playing with something little.
W-Y-O-D.
Yeah, this is tomato man from Cleveland with a jazz mk fire report.
Yes, who's this George?
No, this is Neil.
Tomato man.
Tomato man.
Did you just call me on Friday?
I was a very inane call.
It's any effect about an 83-0 woman?
There was a forget about the facts.
Let's get out of the jazz monster.
See on the air, let's talk about something the audience cares about.
Well, this is what happened.
He comes on Saturday with a preview.
Yeah.
He comes on and he steals your first of all.
He steals the Joe Pesky tape.
Yeah.
He steals the A.
No, I don't think he stole.
I think he has ACN.
I don't think he stole the Joe Pesky tape.
He can play that, yeah.
Okay, he steals a lot of the emerged.
He comes on and says, you can people want to think I got Tourette's syndrome and he starts...
Just get crazy on the phone.
Yeah.
And he's just crazy.
And the first call he had a woman says, you're disgusting.
You should have went down with that US Air Flight.
Yeah.
And like the next four calls were all negative.
Uh-huh.
Is that a surprise?
No, no.
Wait till a biker is fined a man.
Wait till they catch you on.
Then he's going to be dangerous.
And then this morning on in the morning...
Now how's that morning you show with Chuck Meyer doing?
Meyer in the morning.
That's anyway, Chuck.
It's W-F-L-A.
Finding Ted Webb.
Yeah.
And he had him saying, so like, tell me how do we get rid of any test of Erdi.
And he says, well, we're Chuck going down here and we cannot believe you people.
So I was at the game, Neil, and I could not believe it.
It's just unbelievable.
Yeah.
But how about those dolphins?
How about those dolphins, man?
We're two and oh, we don't give a crap about the Browns or if any testing birdie or any of those other guys.
We don't care about Steve Loss, we don't care about Craig Erickson, we don't care about any of those other UM rejects,
even Bernie Kosar, who's sitting warming our bench.
And I've seen a paper we had a running game.
So that was great.
I'll be home next week.
Yeah, wait till you see this Irving Spikes, man.
This kid is dynamite.
All right.
So I send you a fact and what it said originally was that some 83-o-year-old one.
I saw it.
I saw it.
Have a great day.
We'll see you next week.
Okay.
This guy sent me this boring facts about somebody who drove into somebody else's house or into some douchebag place.
That happens here every day.
It's not exciting, okay?
God.
God, now does that tell you about talk about getting a life?
This guy's up in Cleveland.
He called us on Friday.
He's sending facts is here.
He's calling again today.
But it is good that we are getting spy reports there about Mayer in the morning and the Jazzmaster and Boy Geary.
So they're saying asshole on here in Cleveland.
That's really great.
That'll do it.
Oh, yeah.
That'll put them over the top.
Maybe sunny fox will move there.
W-Y-O-D.
Go on.
Purple line.
Really desperate today, man.
We had the Woody was on there once.
And now we're going to hang up on the purple line.
And it's a medley of our in almost two hours.
That really says something about cellular one and the people who subscribe to it.
W-Y-O-D.
Nail?
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I was wondering.
Where was it that Louis Oliver ended up?
Louis Oliver is with the, let's see.
Louis with the Cincinnati bangles.
Cincinnati bangles.
Yeah.
So he's stayed in the Shula family, huh?
He's in the Shula family.
That's right.
Oh, and two?
Right.
Well, that's could be the worst team in football.
They're pathetic.
I think so.
I think so.
You can get one.
I was watching about two minutes of that.
That's all I could take.
And got a unsportsman like conduct penalty.
I think Louis did.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're all into even Tampa one yesterday.
That's right.
Well, bikes is doing it.
We got more hammered Oliver, baby.
We don't need no Louis Oliver.
That's right.
You got it.
Have a great day.
We don't like the way he conducted himself in the showers anyway.
That's what Manda said.
Keep your hands to yourself, Louis.
Keep your pants on, Jimmy.
We can't find that either.
By the way, I could tell that guy who asked about that way.
We can't play it.
But he probably already knows.
W-I-O-D.
Yes.
Caller from Port Saint-Luci.
Speaking.
Yeah.
Want to talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil, yeah.
This is Mitch from Port Saint-Luci.
How are you doing, Mr. Commissioner?
Great.
Okay.
I just want to talk to you about Susan Powder.
Her name is Mr. Gerr.
Yeah.
Did you see that thing yet?
Well, did you see that she's going to have her own show?
Oh, my God.
Can you believe that?
She's going to have her own talk show?
Yeah.
What's she going to do on it?
I don't know.
It's going out.
Go here.
Sometimes in September.
And I know another thing I drew blood stuff.
And this guy is unreal.
He is.
I mean, if you remember two weeks ago,
and you were playing a dolphin,
I wondered if it was only a moment to go, yeah.
I mean, I was sitting down low in the end zone,
and this guy's passes were right on.
Yeah.
I mean, the ball had to be right first.
He fires bullets, man.
He fires, he fires, he fires.
Oh, and then you know what really ticked me off yesterday?
You didn't see the game.
Did you buy a chance Buffalo in a wingland?
I caught a little bit of it at the end.
There was one play.
They were down 35-28.
They're driving down field.
He threw a ball that was deflected.
And of course, Buffalo with a luck with a horseshoe up there.
And they had a couple of those that were deflected.
They intercepted him.
I know.
And the ball hits the receiver right on the numbers,
right in the hands.
He doesn't catch it.
I mean, it's between two defenders,
but he nails it right in there.
And it's tipped up in the air and tipped again.
And finally, Buffalo guy intercepts it.
And here's blood.
So it goes back to the bench.
And that fat bill parcels,
who must have gained 100 pounds.
He must like that food in the wingland, by the way, in Boston.
He says to him, you can read his lips.
He said, don't throw that ball.
You don't throw that ball.
And I'm thinking to myself, he hit him right on the numbers.
He hit him in a bad spot.
He hit him in the hands.
That ball should have been caught.
And he's chewing his ass out instead of the receiver.
I don't think he threw one bad pass.
Because he's a dumbass.
He's a dynamite man.
He scared the crap out of me in that game last week.
And like I said, if they had, if they had even
a semblance of a defense, I warned you about these patriots.
If they had any semblance of a defense,
they'd be 2-0 instead of 0-2.
They scored 70 points in two weeks in their 0-2.
If they get a defense, they're going to be scary.
Yeah, you watch out for them next year, man.
They're dynamite.
All right, Neil, have a good one.
You're king.
OK.
See ya.
And Queen.
And that Marion Buttsman, look out for any guy who's got the balls
to be named Marion.
Remember Marion Motley with the Browns about 100 years ago?
Great fullback?
Oh my god, one of the greatest of all times.
Big, strong, burly, tough.
And this Marion Butts, he was kicking some more butt in there yesterday again for the patriots.
They're tough.
Just be happy. They're rowing too.
W-I-O-D.
Alex, speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Great.
OK.
I wanted to tell you one thing.
I know if you quoted on the Dallas Houston game yesterday.
Yeah, I saw it.
OK, I don't know what I think was when Emmett Smith got hurt.
Yeah.
They all went at the ground.
Bob Trump, he goes to Dick Ember.
He goes to Dick Ember said something.
And Bob Trump, he goes, oh, Dick.
Oh, Dick.
Really?
Really.
He must have been talking to himself as if ever there was one at soon.
That Bob Trump, he manned those two guys.
If ever there's a reason for Miami fans to be full of hate, it's Bob Trump and Dick Ember.
Because they hate the dolphins like Poison.
They never give us a fair shake.
And if there's anybody who was aptly named, it's Enberg, Kamadick.
So as Bob Trump, he would say, oh, you, Dick.
South Florida's news talk and entertainment station, news talk radio's 16.
W-I-O-D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Just who was that mystery pilot?
Good afternoon.
At noon, I'm Jackie Baill, 610 W-I-O-D news, brought to you by PC8 WallaCare.
Some rain in the forecast that's coming up.
Also a Skywatch 610 traffic update.
The Secret Service says it knows the identity of the pilot who crashed a small single engine airplane
on the south lawn of the White House early this morning.
But W-I-O-D's Jamie Dupreeze has the Secret Service is remaining tight,
lipped on this one, saying only that the pilot was a white male from Maryland.
Sources say the pilot had a history of mental problems.
No one's quite sure if the crash though was a direct assassination attempt on the president.
The small sister hit the White House just below the president's living quarters.
A few yards from the Rose Garden.
The Clintons though were not there.
White House renovations have been staying across the street at the Blair House.
Jim Smith is out of the race for governor now.
He and the Republican Frontrunner, Jeb Bush, will hold a news conference,
or rather held a news conference together this past hour, announcing that Smith will now throw his support to Bush.
Bush will now face incumbent Democrat Childs in the race for governor.
The most recent Mason Dixon poll shows their neck and neck.
A set of thing hearing is underway for Explorator National Guardsman Steve Coleman,
who admitted to brutally murdering three young people on the South Campus of FIU in 1992.
WIOD's Jennifer Rem is in court where family and friends of the victims are testified.
First to take this fan layer bomber, friend of Vick and Ronnie Creeper,
armor described to pull him in as an animal and unspeakable demon.
I've seen Judge Oasis manager put the admitted killer away for those rest of his life.
Don't really know the law of that well.
Call AF, this footage individual can never be allowed to walk on the street to the street country again.
It's a given.
Clomenal stand at least 25 years in prison.
Out issue, will he serve three consecutive life terms for the brutal murder?
Dury selection underway in Orlando for the trial of a man charged with killing three Ohio women.
Oba Chandler is accused of killing Joan Rogers and her two teenage daughters in June of 1989.
Their bodies were found in Tampa Bay.
Hundreds of people are milling around the U.S. government offices in Havana, hoping for word on how to seek a visa
under the new U.S. Cuban immigration deal.
But Cuba's interior ministry says the details are still being worked out.
On Friday, the U.S. agreed to accept at least 20,000 Cubans a year.
Metro's community relations board says Dade can't handle the current onslaught of refugees alone.
WIOD's Judy Chavez says the board's asking the feds to help.
Dade County's community relations board strongly believes South Florida shouldn't bear the burden of hosting thousands of immigrants.
However, since we lost, that's the only bad thing that's happened since we lost as you went,
is we don't get the good spy reports on what's going on in the books in these different markets.
It would be very interesting to see how hard it is doing on TKS in Orlando.
Although that is a nose pick and market, but how he's doing against Ron and Ron over there.
Because here, once he goes on here, Ron and Ron in this market are going to be like talking to themselves.
WIOD.
Pretty good.
Better than your phone. Your phone blows, man.
My phone.
Oh, it's horrible.
It's a brand new phone.
It's puking and cramping and scratching. It's the connection.
Really? Just because of you, I bought a brand new phone.
It's like a talk to you, Chris, so clear.
Oh, Crystal Queer?
It's clearing up a little bit.
Really?
Not too good, though.
Well, I was trying to get some tickets together. They get to see Louisiana.
I want to see where all the hype's all about.
Why do you want to go all the way out there, although you will have a much better time out there.
He'll be here October 6th, 7th and 8th.
Why not? Why is another good time somewhere?
That's right.
So, what else do you see? What's going on with your life?
WIOD.
It's Warwick with the Dolphin game. You better be full.
WIOD.
Yeah, I like to speak with nail players.
Was that Kim Bo camper, Jr.? We got all these juniors out there. Speaking, sir.
Speaking Hill.
Yes.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I just heard something. You just said that starting to be down here on the radio?
Right.
Is that for real?
Yes.
What's, I mean, I'm not going to be there. What's, what's they?
Big 106.
Used to be Waxi, 105.9, starting September 21st.
And what are they going to do for their music? I mean, that power's starting in that old playlist?
What do you mean by that?
Are they going to change their format?
No, they're going to play that 70s music from like, whenever he goes off, 10, 30 or 11 in the morning,
whenever he decides to throw in the towel every day.
The rest of the day, they'll be playing a 70s music.
Wow.
Which doesn't make any sense.
He's not going to be competing with you, is he?
Well, for like about half an hour.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I mean, you're great. I love Sterling. He's living LA.
Yeah.
He's great.
And I mean, you're great too. I just lived down here. You're one of the best.
Well, see, that'll be a perfect segue. People are listening to Howard in the morning, can turn over and listen to me in the middle of the day.
I would.
And the people who stick with Rick and Sudge, which will be the majority, they'll also turn over.
Right.
So you can double my share.
Okay, see ya.
All right.
That a boy Howard going to double my share. And of course, what's he holds that big press conference?
We're already like bracing ourselves for that.
Everybody's a pervert and everybody does this and the Ron and Ron did that.
And come in and just, you know, it's the same old stick, baby.
It's a same old tired crap.
Just do the show and let's see what you got left.
Since the surgery, since they cut those off, let's see what's left there.
Because boy, what I see on that satellite thing, when they're showing him, and Robin is sitting there up again with her back to the wall.
And he's sitting there and boy, Gary, you're sitting over there and you're all like looking around.
Okay, well, what can we say?
Can we say crap?
Can we say, can we say this?
One thing we can't say is, oh, don't you can't say that.
So we'll see.
You know, I wish I'm all the luck in the world, but not at the expense of us.
Right, Rick?
136 at WIOD.
There's nobody to get sports scores and information before it happens, but it seems that way with the wireless sports channel, baby, introducing and exciting news, sports information service from the world.
Motorola with wireless sports channel, you get instant scores and sports information virtually as it happens.
The scores are broadcast direct to a Pedro style receiver that you carry on your belt and updates happen every five minutes, whether you go anywhere in 230 areas throughout the US and Canada.
All major sports scores and information are right there at the touch of your finger.
Just press the button on your wireless sports channel receiver and the information is right there.
The wireless sports channel network pocket receiver perfect for any sports fan and for those of you with PCs.
Wireless sports channel provides sports updates with even more information for the computer to services started at just $9.99 a month.
So check it out.
Get the wireless sports channel today, especially if you have a book.
I mean, call 189 7242 61.
I mean, especially if you like those Saturday morning and Sunday morning shows where they give you all the odds in the point spread just for fun.
Of course, 189 7242 61.
Everybody on the day.
And Murray was just here.
Our good friend Murray who still our buddy from Wayne Arles Murray being one of the few people in that place who isn't tilting and leaning far right as on Wayne's shoulder.
And look what he brings me.
It's made by Magi Magi Magi, the ASU people and it's from the islands monitor from Jamaica and it's called cock soup.
Look at that.
It's a spicy Jamaican chicken type soup.
It's got chicken fat and chicken meat and onion and carrots and MSG.
Oh, I see that MSG lots of it.
And it's called cock soup big in Jamaica, right?
Raman.
Okay. Thank you, Murray.
Oh, that Wayne.
What are we going to do with this man?
And he tells me that Wayne is getting in tighter and tighter and tighter with the bushmeister.
So all you people are eating at Wayne Arles.
I just want to say this to you.
I'd be real careful. I'd start tasting everything real closely because they might be, you know, how they like spice stuff up to propagandize, to brainwash people.
I think they may be doing it through the food now.
If you walk out of there and start leaning toward the right and almost falling down hitting the sidewalk, that should be the first tip off.
W-I-O-D.
George.
Neil.
Neil.
Yeah.
Oh my god, you're smiling just like George.
Okay.
Don't take a personal look.
Hi, this is George.
Yeah, George.
Just check for the forcekin.
That'll tell you the difference.
Yeah, yeah, that's the...
I heard that call.
43 years old.
I take my hat off to that guy.
Anyway, yeah, how about those dolphins?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Well, let's see what happens when we play a real team like this Sunday.
Who?
The Jets.
Who?
What did you mean by that?
The Gaising Green?
Yeah.
Look, guys would have not football if you stuck it, you know where.
Up there, AS.
That's right.
Okay, well, let's try to do it.
We remember. We've got the spike man now.
The spike man was awesome yesterday.
That was just breathless.
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, actually watching a dolphin running back just smoking through that line and running
with reckless abandon like a wild man.
When is the last time we saw that happen?
The Elven Williams?
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
That guy was pushing through those holes like...
What was the name?
We were like...
Like a watermelon center.
And it was making holes into those cracks or whatever.
He was turning those holes into cracks.
That's right.
There you go.
All right, Neil.
Okay.
We're going to kick your ass.
Let's kick some ass, some bloody ass, this Sunday, baby.
I'm finally.
Spike, the oatmeal.
Okay.
What do you say?
Theosmeel.
W-I-O-D.
W-I-O-D.
Neil, guys.
Speaking.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got a problem.
I need your advice for the ticket thing.
I got a pig report for you.
Yeah.
I'm driving Biscayne, Griffin Boulevard.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Biscayne and Griffin.
Griffin Boulevard and like Northeast 6F.
Griffin Boulevard.
What is Griffin Boulevard?
It's over here in North Miami.
This is Parking.
Okay.
We're on Griffin.
Griffin.
Yeah.
Griffin with the G.
Okay, now I got it.
Head in North.
Take the coming the other way.
See me.
I keep driving.
Yeah.
Stop at the red light.
Go through the red light.
Look back.
Two cars back.
There's the cop with his lights on.
Yeah.
The car behind me pulls over.
He comes around that car up to me.
It pulls me over.
Okay.
I get out of the car.
I say, what are you pulling me over for?
Oh, you were speeding.
I said, I think I'm being singled out.
No, you're not being singled out.
I said, well, how'd you radar me?
Oh, I made a U-turn and followed you.
I said, well, I'm not being singled out.
He goes, no, look.
Here's another ticket.
I just wrote for a guy born in 1941.
I'm a young guy.
Tom, just because I'm a young guy, college.
That's right.
That's why you got to ticket me over.
Two young.
He doesn't like you.
He goes, there's a ticket from another guy.
He just wrote 10 minutes ago.
I said, what's that supposed to tell me?
That you're an asshole and you write a lot of tickets?
Oh, nice.
That's an ice move.
He goes, go sit in your car.
Let me finish right after you.
Yeah.
So listen, I need to know what's the name of that traffic thing.
Ticket defense team.
Ticket defense team.
They will take care of you, man.
The number is...
I need them.
What's the number, George?
741.
Is that an 800 number?
George.
Ticket defense team.
What is it?
800.
741.
Yeah.
TEAM.
8255.
Is that what it comes out to?
OK.
And another thing.
Is that right?
One more thing, Neil.
One 800 741 team.
TEAM.
I got it.
Another thing.
Saturday.
I went to go to Panther Ticket.
Nobody there.
Me.
That was it?
Me.
I'm the only one.
I was sitting out of front of the coke and I stood with my line chair.
Jersey on.
My panthers.
Jersey.
Olding person there.
Get in line.
Walk in there.
Two and eleven I get.
Roll S.
Is all the tickets they had to best they could do.
S.
That's like nosebleed.
That's like super nosebleed.
25.
He's incredible.
What is Wayne thinking?
He's not.
In closing?
Yes.
What about that old line?
OK.
And circumcision rules.
OK.
There's a guy, like I said, just tear up the ticket.
OK.
Here's a guy who knows which side it's putter dog man.
Circumcision rules.
Tear up the ticket.
Let's stop hassling the public.
He's showing them a whole list of tickets that he wrote.
Good.
Let's give that officer a medal.
OK.
For really doing his duty to save the public from ourselves.
Maniac.
And the other thing.
I didn't want to bring this up because I went crazy about it.
I went on Friday and I know a lot of people, especially in Broward, Palm Beach.
They don't live in this part of town, even in day.
Did it kindle?
You think it's bad and kindle?
At least you can get from one street to another.
It may take you forever, but you can get there.
Here we got the short crest part of town.
I'm coming to work this morning.
We have a new deal.
First of all, on the weekend.
I-95, you get to the golden glades.
And the interchange there.
I-95 South.
They've got blocked off.
Not for any particular reason.
There's no construction going on.
There's nothing going on.
They just had a blocked off so everybody has to curve around.
I'm going to go on 7th Avenue and it all screwed up.
Nothing going on.
Just another way to inconvenience the natives.
But this thing in short crest here this morning, I'm coming to work.
I figure, okay, I'll make a left on 81st.
It's a major big wide one-way street that goes, cuts right through, comes up wrong.
That's blocked off.
Like everything, a block east of Biscayne, just about every goddamn street, is blocked off.
There is no way to get here from there unless you go through the drive-through at when.
These get a couple of singles with cheese.
Then you make a little turn.
You go through the drive-through at Taco Bell.
Get a couple of burrito supremes with no beans.
And then like, then you're right on 7th.
That's the only way to do it.
What is going on here?
And I'm the only one that's like, notice this?
Everybody, bye, yeah.
And if you come down 10th Avenue, and I was George, was saying all the traffic now has been diverted.
So there's 75,000 cars at any given moment trying to come down this little narrow,
two lane street, which is the only way to get here now.
So when I start on the 21st of September, when I start showing up here 10, 45, 11 o'clock,
you'll understand I've been caught in traffic.
That's a good excuse.
By the way, how's the Chris Baker Show coming along?
That'll be here at 205.
It's 150 at WIOD.
205 at WIOD.
If he wants me to sing God Bless America and paste these in the G-string up here, I'll do it.
Well, all right, sports fans.
You, jeez, dinner time.
Oh, no, another night at Cheap Italian Food and a Can.
Yo, yo, yo, man, check it out.
Who are you?
It's me, Homeboy ID.
What?
Yo, man, toss out these skidios and get down with some Homeboy ID, Skity Home.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you got a can opener.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yo, man, and Homeboy ID got all kinds of stuff.
And it's all made homesties.
Oh, boy, it's Homeboy ID and a no-low service needed.
You can feed the whole crew with an all-new game-size can.
What's he?
That's large.
Come on, man.
Get with the plan and get the food in the can.
That tastes like the food in the can.
Homeboy ID.
Drive by and pick some off.
Deceil.
1504 at WIOD.
Let's do a date County.
WIOD.
16 WIOD.
Wayne isn't our daddy.
Not bad.
Huh?
Wayne ain't our daddy, W-A-N-E.
W-I-O-D.
And now?
Yeah.
You wear a slip-on shoes?
Yes, I do.
Not surprised.
You're a bag.
Oh, that's...
I wear slip-on shoes.
So anybody out there that's slipping on must be slipping in.
W-I-O-D.
Is that Russ Oasis?
That was Russ Oasis doing the Hootie-Cootie.
W-I-O-D.
W-I-O-D.
Hello?
Huh?
Huh?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I'm here.
Yeah?
And I'm here?
And I'm black and blue.
Oh, wait a minute.
Look who it is for crying out loud.
It's the old cockamone lady.
Wow.
The cockamone lady.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year to you.
Yeah, and whatever else?
Yeah, I want to know did you have a nice vacation?
Yes, I did.
And my vacation.
I've been back for like, it seems months over.
Yeah, well, I was away, you know, too, to see.
You were in New York?
Yeah.
And how was it?
Was it still there?
Beautiful weather.
Oh, it's beautiful.
After you wade through all that garbage, it's beautiful.
Yeah.
How was it?
That beautiful.
Great.
And it was beautiful and wrong, too.
It was beautiful.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So you didn't go to Vegas?
No, I did not.
Who said I was going to Vegas this weekend?
This weekend.
Who said I was going to Vegas?
I thought.
Jazz McKay came on air that Ojyan Pravaketurum, and he said I was going to Vegas.
And he know what he's talking about.
Are you going to be on the air Thursday?
You mean on your own Kipper?
On your own Kipper?
On the day of Atonement?
You own Kipper?
Will I be on the air?
Is that the question?
Yes, the question.
And the answer is?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Of course.
I don't participate in all those ancient Chinese secrets.
I see.
And so then when are you going on your next vacation?
Are you writing a book?
I don't have any idea when I'm going on my next vacation.
I don't know when and I don't know where.
Why are you so concerned about my vacations?
I'm not concerned about you.
What about me?
What?
Uh-huh.
Oh my God.
Talk about me.
Talk about me.
There you go.
Well, let's have a great day.
Thanks for calling.
And back to you.
And have a great day on Thursday.
And it's just my birthday.
When?
Well, Thursday is your birthday.
Well, I'll be sure to do something special for you.
Yeah.
Okay, and don't eat too much on your own Kipper.
I'm fast.
Every year.
Don't eat too much.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, can I?
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Dorton.
Uh-uh.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
W-I-O-D.
W-I-O-D.
Nail.
Yes.
Yeah, about your boy, uh, is a week.
See?
Yeah, I saw this so I made a video.
Yeah.
Big deal.
What's the big deal with this guy?
Big deal.
Big deal.
He's nothing much.
What do you mean he's nothing much?
Nothing much.
What other would speak?
Gap in his teeth there.
He got a gap in his teeth.
He's afraid of the dentist.
He doesn't want to get drilled.
That's why he's holding on to soap real tight, too.
He's got a look on his push.
He's got a great entertainer.
He's a great singer just because you don't want to sleep with him.
I mean, does that mean that I'm supposed to dislike him?
He's talking to him musically even.
He's a nebber.
He's a nebber.
He's the hottest thing in the world right now.
And you're giving me a song.
Maybe you like Julio the Grecius' more real time.
You're just-
You're just jealous, man.
You would crawl on your hands in these.
And he's 400 pounds of dog droppings just to get close enough to him to say loan me $50.
I don't think so.
You might.
I saw the video.
Yeah, I was impressed.
Get about that video with those two bull dikes in there and all that.
What does that mean?
They look good.
There you go.
So if you want to get to him, you got to get in the middle, man.
There you go.
You better get close.
Push him out of the way.
That'll be easy.
See ya.
See ya.
These guys pick it on Luis Miguel.
Don't start picking on my buddy Luis, okay?
Pick this.
W-I-O-D.
It's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
That was pretty good.
That was pretty damn good.
You know what?
In fact, just for old timescakes, Sally Pally.
That's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
Not bad.
