we have an open line and brow at five to four i have to agree with that i think
that i have the scene or miss power that they keep telling me i have and if i
have such enormous power why the hell am i sitting here working for a bunch of
putt whackers like them which i think is the obvious question good question
here's my me lake sellow maybe it's lack of ambition hello
what is that is that bg's
this old music it's what are we out of hold no we are
no somebody's playing something but i don't know what it is
separate line who's that Latoya and Michael
Latoya and heraldo Latoya and their agent husband are his the one that they sleep in
the same bed but don't touch and don't kiss and don't look for god's sakes
hello what was that what was it i don't know oh that was on hold music
or were you planning
speak to me what was it
damn it it wasn't any good anyway but you know once you get a little taste you
want to know what the hell it was uh... asshole i guess we have two open line
no we don't one in date and one in brown one on the starline like i said we have
three one on the starline where they think that they can do fault like this
because they're just overly confident they assume that the cellular one thing is
just another bunch of crap and that got a wrong number on it
what does that mean you mean they've disconnected channel four no that just
means somebody dialed the regular number that it is and uh... and got us oh i see
oh i got it but uh... have we tried if we found out if they a pound i od somebody
call it and see if they've disconnected channel four yet because before we ever
get it they're gonna have to disconnect channel four and that obnoxious disgusting
smelly bitch over there at cellular one one of keeps giving everybody here a hard time
and telling us well we got to talk to this one we got to talk to our president
they blah blah blah blah and all of that crap uh... and didn't know anything about the fact
that it's still not disconnected at the channel four newsroom until they disconnect over
there does not have a good not a very good omen that we're going to be getting it over here
or the line either so somebody went and doubt check it out please
twelve thirty six and w i o d and w s u n
twelve forty one i just been thinking during the break which made your advertising contract
you think michael jackson's gonna lose first
anyway uh... moving right along we have an open we don't have any open lines how did that happen
i was getting ready to play like an hour and a half of music in these bastards come back what a
pain in the ass here's sarasota hello on the new yes sir yeah i got a big report on uh... scowey bridge
they're running the revenue gun from the car
i'm both i yes they're shooting at their shooting and they're uh... they have to play going around
oh nice and uh... you were talking about uh... the cost me shuffle board over there and uh...
uh... you know venez i live over in sarasota yeah they started maternity ward about two years ago
they had to close it within a year because nobody was having babies there how about a death ward
that's what they have over there you know they have people coming out of uh... their airport in
a coffin going back to new york yeah you can sniff it from like one of my direction
yeah and uh... that that's all but uh... just everybody watch over the sky we from uh... salt
Petersburg or break and uh... six or seven cars just in there uncle mail thanks a pile
i have a good weekend see ya see ya we all feel a lot safer now know that you guys out there are really
doing your best to protect us from ourselves we have an open line it's on a green line one eight hundred
nine four four nine four six three
i think we need to uh... bring the we see into the studio here that's gonna be our goal for this year
i think that's what we need to work on really hard is that we have him right here in the studio
have him being the operative of a line in that sentence
let's do candle hello
what's happening i don't sir i just don't know and i think tonight john
that's uh...
the board was i think that shenan do already is pose for some uh... magazine
yeah another pose for you
the true i have no idea
that you were into nine or two one now
not at all you can meet
give me a breath
you're a more of a place man right now
for about two episodes that's a boring show
reason i wanted to come to it
was about the snappy people there's a near bitch in about the service
we have an open line and date seven five one nine four six three seven five one
w i o d don't forget to join chuck my or fat chuckle be there for the grand opening
of pet stuff
in prember of pember pines new into three tomorrow
at eighty uh... six fifty six pines bull of art
big chuck is going to be over there
don't confuse chuck with the wall was to be sitting right next to it
here's a pember pines hello
i think you meant they treat you like crap you know
unbelievable
no
chronic
to open lines and date seven five one one and powered five two four nine four six
three
here's davie
hello
how you doing okay
that guy uh... crazy
which one
both of them okay
and maybe they can all hope together the one who said crap on here in this last
one
who is just terminally chronic i mean i hear his voice like in my in my
comba after i die i'll still be here in his voice
you can recognize that that that
it with in like two words he's got a certain nauseating tone to his voice
amazing yes
friend of mine the day was telling me that
you have a or you know another number for ticket
uh... ticket defense team or something like that right
okay i get that number for you yes thank you one eight hundred
okay got it
yeah nine four four
okay team t a m
oh that's not the right number is that the right number george
nine four four
team
ticket defense team
no seven four one
no
uh... crap
four four w i
uh...
uh...
seven four one team one eight hundred seven four one team no
yeah no way trust me it is i call them every other week
uh... like i said it seven four one is not what i told you
seven four one one eight hundred seven four one team
oh yeah that that i'll help well hey i had a couple of numbers right what
thought you want
that doesn't matter when you get to be this old if you know your own god damn
phone number it's a miracle
all right thanks a lot now
don't get it again so yeah
yeah i was talking about how you get your credit cards email i got one of those
eight t and t master cards and any time you get new credit card it's got that
little strip on it you have to call in to verify to unleash the card
to make sure that the wrong person didn't get a ask your mother's made name in
your shoe size
and she says that what's your home address and i said uh...
good question
now don't tell me you've never had that happen
especially with your phone number because you don't call yourself well i mean if
you know if you got a wife sitting at home or girlfriend or both
that's a different story when you live alone i mean unless the dogs are answering
the phone you don't uh... call your own house
so i've had that happen many times well and what's your phone number uh
i don't know and then all of a sudden you hear this click like on the other end
of the line
here's tamper hello
misspeg
open line on the green line one hundred one eight hundred seven four one team
let's go to del Rey Beach on the starline welcome to the shuffleboard
tournament
or what's the see it right higher yeah we're gonna start out with it like i did
that one day at the beginning of the call and it was an omen
all know it was a four-board boarding of things to come it probably will be
okay
make a lot of
you brought a hedgehog
onto the show yeah
he says when when they get here to fright
get the direction
and they look at him as he can talk to you
what i mean is that it's fine stand up
it's fine to get erected at all
we're wondering what you're talking about the lesson to porcupine
uh... well it was hedgehog is the most important
yeah like i said
i think that he gets the right to choose in their faces
uh... what i think they were trying to get the camera to do it right
say his
pricklers stand up on end
exactly right
can i say uh... welcome to the future
charlie or be a little more of your story the more you know
was is that the guy that sent me this thing yes he did thanks to alley
thank you stuff and uh...
you never mention the air and i said that uh... i did mention it this morning
i sure as hell did
what a douche bag
he is okay
and the department is that thanks
we have an open line in broard five two four one on the starline at star i
d and of course pound uh... i o d
for that cellular one line that'll get your right direct into the channel for
newsroom still
in other words to make a long story short it is still connected that obnoxious
smelly bitch at cellular one has done not a god damn thing about it
and we can sit here and keep telling you people but until they do something
in other words we have done everything i've checked this out thoroughly i've
screamed i've hollered i've carried on
i've talked all the important people of the building which includes the janitor
and uh... we've done everything we can and that's it and the uh... ball is in
their hands and it's only the people at cellular one who are going to either do
it or not so we're counting on that
smelly bitch at cellular one and she's not getting off her fat ass
i'm serious i think that our cellular one people in the audience i'm sure we've
got billions of them from all both coast ought to be calling up cellular one
in complaining and demand to talk to that smelly bitch uh... one that's
responsible for the fact that we don't have it yet
that was good i like that when i come out and i'm cute that let me try to do that
again
wait a minute one moment please if it ever goes to you up again
god are we getting new car machines in here someday or what
that smelly bitch that's good twelve forty eight at w i o d and w s u n
what the hell happened here somebody steal my other uh... that glossy picture
of that with the long hair i think randy must have uh... put her hands on it
his name is alfredo luan
not timothy uh... and what he called in what that alfredo luan there's a thing
about alfredo luan blah blah blah there is that's what he said because all i'm
finding is there's a there just goes on and on between uh... this real
screamer who writes in a weekend section of the herald nightlife
about the war saw and the peragon and it's gay uh... night and it's uh... that
that and there's a thing in here that's like two or three things here's a picture
of mtb latino's days a point is with his gigantic hooters god
i mean enormous with husband timothy atoms left who's a not all that bad
and then there's another line in here about uh... let's see spotted on the beach
ocean drive magazines rade rameez plus models clivered fin
mtb latino's days a fwentis with trainer model husband timothy atoms
or high school sweetheart
i mean i got to read this whole god damn thing why couldn't he tell you what the
page was there is no picture where those pictures we were supposed to see in
here
of alfredo and his lovely wife with her beautiful beard and mustache
let's do bokeh hello
bokeh
what
how bad he's not
all right what was that that was my daughter had her head on because i was on
whole get that little girl off the phone
uh...
milly bitch
did i hear you say earlier that uh... where they want to put the shuffleboard
in at the McDonald's at the L.a.c
that's in del right beach of course because uh... that's right up there allie
sally you know what they should do would be really funny if they change the
menu instead of having the happy meal they put the grouchy meal
unhappy meal yeah and then instead of the toy
they could put like a pen's in there or a diaper you know one of these
disposable diapers yeah or like a two-pollotant
would that be nice i think they could drop it right in the soda for a little
extra fish that would be hysterical
that would fix on those yapses
it's beautiful
it would be fun the median age is sixty five do you understand what it means
how old the people have to be for the median age to be sixty five
my parents are approaching that age right now and um...
my father came over to fix the sink last night i have to share this with you
and i've been pouring bleach down in the drain and i told him that when he
takes the
knuckle off under the sink
yeah i told him he might get splashed with the bleach you know
so he comes over wearing his best pants and he takes the bottom now here's the
man that's approaching that age you know
takes the thing off and he got bleach all over his pants and then he made me
write him a check for twenty dollars to cover the price of the pan
do you believe it yes i do like an idiot i gave it to just a
guy i don't blame him i'll send him some McDonald
there you go
yeah
all right i have a nice day
see you okay by eighty two under the g
by
so i'm reading this uh... party planner here in the weekend i would do they have
anybody straight that reads a section or not
saturday big night at paragon the mega dance club with lots of cute muscle
boys most clubs are status quo tonight oh whatever the hell that means
but i don't find nothing about my life here's the flat fat black pussy cat
and the finals for the paragon thousand dollar talent show should be fun
Tiffany are are your guys mc's
uh...
and here's washington avenue of with dj mark eleven thol
but i don't see nothing here about uh... alfredo luan i think this guy must have
dreamed it
oh here it is
and
this is just incredible
beach last minute cocktail party
dini capelin canlorber and ocean drive magazines wednesday sware at la
volle rouge
the perfect mix of mayami new york in la
spotted were robin leach via comms bob altman
and are you ready for this
mtv latino vj alfredo luan with bride
christina they married that morning
that just sends me into a catatonic coma
let's go to pember park hello
yes i am
all right
all right
well that's great
you know i have to plan the season to be surprised what they sprout into
i said how you doing
i guess i missed that one
yeah you missed it
so i'll take about the first time i heard you
yeah i was going down up 95 in the
crop truck at a radio and somebody was
martin you
and so i i i i i turned on them
you won't listen but they were martin
yeah
and
yeah i did my best
okay nice try not bad
no chance
we have an open-minded broard 524 and one on the starline star i would be next time
will be a lot better here's mayami hello
hello yes sir hey new yeah
nice to hear you
look i get you know i do hear from you
i want you to do me a favor
okay look i want you to if you have the time
play the blue tender
no chance
no chance
okay do me one more thing
okay what's the other one
oh this place
this is friday
you know play what?
this friday you passed it
oh yeah play that in cover star
yeah i like it
you like it?
yeah
yeah
yeah it's friday you passed it
you like it?
that's great
okay
and that too
okay go get a towel and we'll see you
we have an open line at date 751
one one and broard 524
see i should have just stuck with my music
okay i mean they ran out of material about quarter after 12
and i like it like an idiot i made just some passing comment
and since this week they seem to be like really hyperactive and involved
they like all of the side of the call again
why i have no idea
here's bokeh hello
my god the drug come in or what?
evidently the real heavy shipping for the weekend just arrived
let me tell you
you know what i think they should put in the happy meals at the drive-through at that
del Rey
mm-hmm
suicide machines
there you go
dr. jacks mic donals would be good
yeah really
your last meal is the best one
i heard this morning on your morning show that the
the gills have insects with the animals again
it sound like it isn't it?
you said having that show again that thing
yeah
yeah we just got through talking about that for about four hours yesterday
oh i'm sorry
that's okay
if you played that card
yes we have
okay
more panthers on tv
i thought i got to say the games were selling out
yeah what you know they keep talking about well they added those games to the schedule
the only game that i know they added was the Pittsburgh game the other night
another night
but i was uh...
i think it was already on my schedule
no
no i don't think so
well let me look at this black encounter
where is it?
yeah it was on there
it was already on
so in other words they lied to us
they lied that was it that was already going to be on
yeah
no they're not going to add anything they're just giving us a song in a dance
that's all
next year they better do a lot better with that
they should promote they can fill up that new stadium
there you go
oh well
see ya
there
okay these this last forty minutes or so this has been probably the most exciting of my radio career
we have an open line in date one and brown
one on the green line at one seven four one team
one eight hundred nine four four
nine four six three
last hour all music
where's the baby gravy line
smelly bitch
use talk radio six ten
w-i-o-d presents
the Neil Roger Show
to talk with Neil dial seven five one
w-i-o-d from date
inbroward five two four w-i-o-d
outside the three oh five area code
toll free one eight hundred nine four four w-i-o-d
and bell south mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star i-o-d
now the Neil Roger Show
on use talk radio six ten
w-i-o-d
hi this is Ron McGill from Miami, met Joseu
and I listened to that in your Rogers one and two-hour
hell let's even better than sex with the animals
oh
sorry i put it to you
I'm on a D.C.
I'm on a D.C.
I'm on a D.C.
How about some blind melons?
Oh, really?
With Alfredo and his lovely wife.
Chris, Tina.
Maybe it's Christopher.
Well, hey, listen, that goes to show you.
Don't judge a book by her cover.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Wait a minute. Oh, I just knocked somebody off there and did.
Crap. Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes.
I would like a double cheeseburger and no french fries because they're too high to chew.
Uh-huh.
Not really, seriously.
There's a big wreck on the Palmello of your goldware.
Let's give me something really soft.
Yeah.
I got some really soft form, yes?
But that's another story.
Listen, there's a big wreck on the Palmello with over turned Toyota every guy's furniture.
Everywhere.
Where is this?
Palmello end.
Just out of the golden glade.
Oh, Jesus.
The whole road will be shut down your new-
Well, I guess it's southbound, but it's really west before the curve.
You know, right off the golden glade.
Right.
In your westbound.
Your traffic is crack-a-holes like usual, you know what I mean?
Incredeble.
It's all I got to say.
Don't take the Palmello westbound.
Thanks a pile.
Okay, there you go.
Covering yourselves accordingly.
We have an open line in date.
I got to stop dragging this corridor around here.
It's driving me nuts.
And one in Broward, 5249463.
Like I said, we got lots of music prepared just in case.
Good stuff.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
I had one of the comments on you.
I had a question on the weekend section about the Paragon and Warsaw.
Yes.
When it's that because on Saturday night, Paragon and Warsaw is a straight club.
You know, for the straight people who have a problem with going in when it's a gay club.
Right.
Those who would like to pretend to be.
Those who were in earring in their right cheek.
For both ears.
Yeah.
But yeah, that's Saturday night.
That's a coffee from right here, which is a straight club.
You know what I think of places like that?
I don't know.
There are a lot of them.
I think it is the most nauseating pile of crap.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
I just don't go for that.
I think that, you know, it reminds me of where we're backstreetin' for a lot of day off.
Right.
And then they turn it like you do with like a half and half and some nights.
And then like all the straight guys came in there and they start going into the tea rooms
and hanging their things out at the urinal.
And they got all upset because the queens were like cruising them there.
And they start having fist fights.
And then they closed the whole goddamn thing up.
Let all the straight people stay in their spot.
Let all the queens stay in their spot.
And all the ones who are on the side of it like hovering between.
Right.
Well usually what they do is they wind up opening up as a straight club
and see that they don't really make any money unless they make it a gay club.
Right.
So they make it the gay club for the day.
Then they have to pacify the straight people by making like five minutes of the week for them.
Right.
So that's the deal.
So for a really easy only club on the beach on a Saturday night.
It's a mega club.
That's the gay on that.
But it says big night at Paragon Saturday.
The mega dance club with lots of cute muscle boys.
Right.
Saturday is Paragon.
And everybody else is like worst but straight.
Paragon is gay.
Oh I see.
So.
So in other words you need a road map.
Well you know these queens are back and forth.
You know all they really care about is you know the shortest distance between Paragon and worst but they don't really care about anything else.
Yeah.
That's the deal.
I got news for you from what I've seen down in an area I wouldn't care either believe me.
Well it's like you know say everyone comes down here and you know and you know as far as the community and helping the community in center one and everything like that.
They don't they don't care about that all they want to know is the shortest distance between the two clubs and they live in that little back.
What is the shortest distance?
Well.
I know there's my brother's a dancer there and he dances between the clubs.
Yeah.
What do you mean he dances between the clubs?
Well he's back he back and forth baby.
He does the old back and forth.
Right.
Okay.
Listen remember when you went to Rome that time you had that cart with the bowler the figure over with big chest hair, Dave.
Yeah.
You still have that?
Sure.
Can you play that you think?
I just might be able to grab it.
Yeah.
Okay.
And the cart too say hi to your brother.
Yeah I will.
You have my big head.
He does what?
He's my sister on the weekend.
I bet.
Okay.
See ya.
Right.
Good job.
Open line of day at 751.
Open line at Broward 524.
All the queens all the time.
It's 113 at WIOD and WSUN.
Okay guys you disappointed her at Christmas time.
No doubt the negligee was an ice gift but it was more for your benefit than hers than it's.
Well here's your chance to get out of the doghouse.
Go to Beverly's Jewelers before Valentine's Day which is only 10 days away by the way.
Beverly's is a wholesale diamond distributed that eliminates the middleman and sells direct to you the pubic.
And their staff of knowledgeable gemologists can assist in selecting the perfect diamond and the ideal setting at the guaranteed lowest price.
Beverly's can sell for less because most of their jewelry is made rather than the premises by quality craftsmen.
And by the way guys if you're not quite ready for that big commitment like Alfredo.
Beverly's has a great selection of heart charms and lots of other great jewelry items too.
And you can watch them make it too and the jewelry.
For your Valentine come to Beverly's Jewelers superstar in Pembroke Pines,
one and a half miles west of university drive on Pines Boulevard.
Or their great new Megastore at 3600 west commercial Boulevard just a half mile east of prestigious state road seven.
What's the subsession with Hokey?
The
My name is Gigaro and I like you to know everywhere I go.
I hear Neil Roger show.
Young men are nice to me.
They bear their chest to me.
There's just one problem they don't show the rest to me.
I am very happy living in this country and the whole big house of Neil Roger show.
It's the Neil Roger show.
Happy birthday Miriam.
Miriam's here for a little trim.
It's the birthday trim day and she's celebrating her 20th birthday today.
Isn't that sweet?
It can't be that much more than that.
27.
9.
What are you laughing about?
How many?
Not 30.
No way.
30?
Do you know how many it is?
And George gave her some beautiful pansies that he dug himself right out of his neighbor's ground.
Nice going.
We have an open line and date 751, one and brown, five, two, four.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How's it going today?
That's good.
Hey first time caller.
Well great.
Have we heard about this hard and caric and thing yet or was not?
What do you mean if we heard about it?
I mean heard enough about it.
Yes.
Yes.
But wait a second one more thing.
Yes.
Haven't...
Doesn't don't you think she really represents the American lifestyle as it's become?
Yes.
Yeah.
Just beat the crap out of your opponent.
That's what it is.
Can I get a receipt with that?
Yeah give her receipt with that.
Please you stupid bitch.
Hey could I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
Anyone who's ever worked at Arrowcom Electronic, especially Fernando.
Okay.
Thanks for having a good weekend.
You too.
We have an open line and date, two and brown.
So how does it feel to be 25 Miriam?
That's great.
She says it feels great and the birthday too.
George gave like a little extra birthday grab as to Miriam.
That's the only reason she's in here today because I don't really need to haircut that bad.
Do I?
Not bad.
Hey do look.
Huh?
That's these little curly things.
Yeah little curly things.
Those are the wrong kind of hairs Miriam.
Anyway where are we going next to Boka?
Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
Oh my god.
What?
I'm on the phone for an hour.
Well that's been well worth it.
What the hell?
You're going to do on a crappy day like this.
Nothing.
I'm just laying on my bed looking at the ceiling.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Hey what's going on?
What can we do for you sir?
I want to hear some of that aerosmith.
What?
What did you say Miriam?
You don't like aerosmith?
What?
Miriam doesn't like aerosmith.
I can't believe it.
Hey I want to work at the service bar.
Oh my god.
Yeah I don't like this chair.
You don't like this chair?
Why not?
She doesn't like the chair.
She doesn't like the aerosmiths.
You don't like anything.
And it's her goddamn birthday.
She doesn't like Luis Miguel.
Maybe she's a good birthday spanking.
Yeah that's the, there you go.
Oh George said he's going to administer it to right after the show and the spanking too.
Hey Davey, what is this?
I got it.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll say hi.
I'll give Alfredo a big kiss for you.
Can I call someone to do spanking?
Yeah.
We have an open line on the green line, 1-800 and 2-and-broward, 524-9463.
524-W-I-O-D.
There's Adam who's ready for you Miriam.
He said he's going to give you a good spanking too.
Well you're going to have the reddest cheeks when you live here.
Live here?
Stand in line out of him.
Yeah.
The line forms at the rear.
Let's do our break.
Okay.
Because I'm like speechless at this point.
I'm getting dizzy.
What am I getting dizzy from?
Probably from that, too much of that pizza.
It was very good though, Papa John.
And I think that the Nilo gets, should get around it applause for buying lunch for everybody today.
25 bucks out of my own heart.
Takes, takes me at least like 20 seconds to make that.
For your strains today Miriam, she is really strange.
She must have crut.
You took drugs before you got here.
Yeah, we knew the ship had got in.
Did I say 21 after 1 at WI-O-D and WSU went?
Speaking of here, our good buddy Charles Alfie area is here in South Florida.
I should probably get him to do up here.
You know what?
No?
Yeah, I do.
You think?
She don't seem to impressed what she's basically saying is in your case, it really ain't going to make too much difference.
Your old fact.
That's what she's basically saying.
I did not.
That's exactly what you were thinking.
Old, ugly, out of touch with reality and useless and hopeless.
Probably right.
But anyway, for those of you who still may have a little hope and little bald spot,
Charles Alfie area is prima bond method, can to do it for you because it'll make your hair replacement just like your own hair.
It feels like your own hair.
It's the right color, the right texture.
You can run anybody's fingers through it even your own and you won't know the difference.
You can swim.
You can ride in a convertible.
You can play grab ass with Miriam and nobody will know that it's not your real hair.
And best of all, you've got absolutely nothing to lose but that bald spot because
the Charles Alfie area system comes with a full money back guarantee.
It starts at just 800 bucks.
And if you tried for 30 days in the United, ecstatic, they just returned it for a full refund.
No problem. Pick up the phone and call.
They'll send you that free brochure.
You'll find their studios on Brickle Avenue in Miami and on North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
Charles Alfie area and his great hair for the 90s call 1-800-321-2413.
That's...
What is a banana Paul?
Nail.
What is banana Paul?
Nail.
Yeah.
Hey, it's banana Paul, man.
That's what I just said. What's that?
Sorry, man. I'm listening to the radio.
I gave you a book at the hockey game about a couple months back.
George Plinton.
It's called...
Oh, yeah.
Open net. Did you read it yet?
Yeah. The one with all the yellow brown-to-brown pages.
Yeah.
Are they?
Well, I don't know.
I'm talking about 500 years old.
Did you read it?
No, because every time I turn to page, they crumble.
Oh, well.
Like, paparus.
It's a funny...
paparus.
Nail.
I take your word for it. Yeah.
Jesse Belanjay.
God.
Yeah.
They're going to kick ice tonight.
I sure hope so. This is a mighty tense game for us tonight.
This is like, if we win tonight, we're really in the drawer driving it.
I'm sure we'll see a lot of the bills fans there and their bills attire.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I think they've all gone into a hibernation for the winner.
I hear you.
Nail, one more thing.
Yeah.
How about these Dallas Cowboys front-running phonies now?
Everybody is wearing a cowboys hat.
Okay, but Annapalysen.
We'll see you tonight.
We'll see you.
Yeah.
Like I said, Jesus, since 1215, what that'll happen to all of a sudden, man?
I guess they didn't have quite enough to stretch out for the rest of the week.
Why didn't I just run by Matt Instincts and play the goddamn music?
God.
We haven't...no, seriously, in an hour and ten minutes, we haven't spoken anybody who has had anything to say.
Absolutely, positively, nothing.
It's enough to make your ears stand up on end.
Oh, sorry, Scotty.
We have an open line and date, 751 and 2 and Broward, 524, 9463.
Here's Tarpind Springs.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Do you have anything to say?
Maybe.
Okay, I hope so.
I thought the Panthers Lightning game.
Yeah.
I thought the Panthers were just hoax, but I tell you what they kick ass.
Yeah.
I'm thinking of converting here.
Well, what does that mean?
You're thinking of converting?
Well, the Lightning's suck.
They haven't done anything.
But you live over there.
Don't be a front-running phony.
Don't just start backing whatever team is winning on a given day.
What kind of crap is that?
Oh, not that.
They can't win.
Yeah, okay.
Good luck, you.
I don't want to talk to you, sir.
You make me nauseous.
God, do I hate that?
Not as he just wants to suck around.
Oh, I'm going to be a Panther fan because our team over here is sucks.
Suck this, okay, pal?
God.
I have never seen so many wishy-washy people, so many walking vegetables in this state.
From coast to coast, they're like the will of the wisp.
Oh, we just can't win.
Okay, great.
How about football?
Let's just eliminate football because neither one of our pro teams can win when a council
lets just blow them both out.
Where are we going?
Miami on the starline?
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
I have something to say.
Victoria Jackson?
Yeah, she's a smelly B-word.
But have you heard that Shannon Dirty, the latest bad girl of TV now wants to pose?
Who's new playboy?
Yeah, who cares?
Well, I thought maybe you'd be asked to invite.
Guess not.
Okay, I won't take up anymore your time.
Okay.
Who cares?
And we just heard about that 45 minutes ago, sir.
Nobody cares except a bunch of horny guys who have no lives and can't get laid.
Nobody cares.
God, she's going to pose in playboy.
That's fine.
All the 12-year-old boys out there can reach out under their mattress,
they can get playboy magazine out.
Why don't you go out this weekend and be a man, sir?
Why don't you go out there to the Warsaw?
Oh, I'm sorry, the Paragon.
I got it right.
I can't keep those straight.
Anyway, we have an open line in date.
You don't know Alfredo, do you?
Miriam?
Alfredo?
Alfredo from Latino MTV.
Yeah.
Okay.
Because he just got married.
Where are we going next?
I wish to hell I would have left here like at one o'clock like I told myself to.
Here's Palm Harbor.
Hello?
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Look, I just wanted to ask you a couple questions real quick.
Yeah.
Would you ever consider going back up to Boston and doing some radio up there?
No.
I'll come.
For what?
Because you're better up there than you would be better up there than all these people in the bar.
Nobody makes any money up there.
They don't pay anybody any money up there.
I understand that.
But you're worth more than talking all these bombs down there.
Do you only want to make any money up there as Eddie Andoldman?
He's making a lot of money doing his sports thing and nobody else makes serious money up there.
Yeah.
Even Jerry Williams has been on the air for a hundred years and making really serious money up there.
Yeah.
I love Boston but between a crappy weather and a crappy money and not only that,
but you've got to make at least three times as much up there by the time they get through taking all the taxes out.
Oh, absolutely.
Oh my god.
By the time you get through you can't afford to even go to Joe Animos.
You can't do anything.
No.
But anyway, that's basically the one I wanted to ask you.
I don't want to bother you.
But I was listening to one of your reruns last night at about four o'clock this morning.
Bio.
Okay.
About four o'clock this morning I heard you...
Wait a minute. Why were they playing one of my reruns at four o'clock this morning?
Well, what they do is at one, two...
I believe it's one to four or whatever it is.
They play Rick and Sud and then you...
And then they start the morning show with Ron and Ron again.
What?
They do on six, twenty.
I listen to it every night.
How many hours of my shit...
Oh, this has got to be ridiculous.
No, I'm not kidding.
That means I'm on for nine hours a day over there?
Yeah, I'm in Pondhub.
Yes, they play you twice.
Woo!
I'm dealing with it.
I'm dealing with it.
Is that the birthday girl going on?
Is that the birthday girl going on?
That was the birthday girl, yeah.
Right.
Have a great day pal.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, we're real quick.
Yeah.
Like I was saying, I was listening to you and you read...
Hi!
Yeah.
You read Miami High School one of the tests, the first question to the test?
Yeah.
Do you still have that?
Yeah.
Could you read that real quick?
No!
Send me an envelope. I'll send you a copy of it.
All right.
Okay.
Say goodbye.
Hey!
Say, yeah.
They played Randy from 2 to 6 in the morning.
Yeah, he don't know what he's talking about.
They played Randy from 2 to 6 in the morning, which how come they're doing that?
They played the afternoon show, whatever that may be.
I thought Rick and Suds were all, can anybody make up their mind around his goddamn place?
What is the deal with that?
I thought Rick and Suds as the first of February were pulling the plug on WSUN.
That was the last thing that I heard.
Now, what's the story?
When they come back on Monday, assuming that they're coming back,
when they come back on Monday, what is the story?
What are they going to run there overnight?
It sure is not going to be them.
No, it's not.
That means that they're not going to be able to play ACN just for the...
That's not right.
That is not right.
In other words, Rick Riley is a pervericator and a freaking liar.
Is that what you're saying to me?
It's not Rick Riley.
It's somebody else.
Who is it?
The management at SUAN has decided that they're going to wait till find out what we're doing
before they decide what they're doing.
What does that have to do with playing if they play ACN?
They can't put it on the air.
They're not going to be playing ACN.
Why not?
Because they're going to be playing the tape back on SUAN.
Well, I say Rick Riley is a major pussy, is what I say.
No, I'm serious.
Don't you understand if I weren't on over there, lie.
And I've got eight years worth of the whole ACN library and all the stuff that's in that rack
that seems to have disappeared out of here because you're playing it over there.
And they said to me, well, don't play any ACN until we decide what we're going to...
I'd say suck my butt is what I would say.
Real fast and real hard.
God Almighty, you've got to be kidding me.
That Rick Riley, there's only one thing to say about him.
Smelly bitch.
Exactly.
What a pus.
Why doesn't he put his foot down for once in his life and say, hey, it's off, it's over.
Adios.
Cut the umbilical goddamn cord and goodbye.
And find some other garbage to put on there.
Can you imagine how many people are listening to WSU went between one and five in the morning?
You could put him in this room here and have room for the Chinese army left over.
And that fat ass Salinsky could stick him in there too.
My God, you've got to be kidding me.
Thanks, Miriam.
And have a happy birthday.
But I think he got some hair in my throat.
And no extra charge.
Thanks.
You look really nice today, Miriam.
Doesn't she look extra nice today?
Where is your one?
I think George is holding him back.
He's holding something for you in there.
Real sharp and real short.
Must be your keys.
135 at WIOD and WSUN.
Well, after a great haircut like that, after a sensational trim,
time for a little snapple.
And Cheryl promises me that Steve Perris once he gets back from our 45 days seminars
is going to get on the stick with our new snapple distributor,
whomever that may be.
Because I love the diet true root beer, the diet snapple.
It's really good, but I've been drinking it for about the last seven years now.
And it's getting a little bit old, you know?
That's why I'm just Jones and for some of my real, real brewed iced teas,
like those orange lemon.
Why do I keep calling it that?
Original lemon and orange and raspberry and diet raspberry,
which is the very, very best that's ever been invented by anybody.
And cranberry and mint and peach and fruit drink flavors like lemonade
and pink lemonade and orangeade.
And kiwi strawberry cocktail and grape aid and fruit punch and pink grapefruit cocktail.
And soda flavors like cherry lime, rickie and passion supreme and peach melba.
And French cherry and true root beer.
And on and on.
So not only is it all natural and made from only good stuff,
not only does it taste great, but all the snapple beverages come in a whole line of great neat flavors
that you won't find anyplace else.
Get the snapple habit and pick some up at 7-11 and Walgreens and Albertsons and Freddy's and Pizza Loft and Alfredoels and Sonny's,
or I'm sorry, and Doris meets and just about every place.
Get the snapple habit and get on Paris's ass too.
With WIOD, let's do West Palm on the Starline.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a little beef with George.
A little beef?
Yeah.
A little beef.
George has a little beef.
That's what Miriam said.
And that's why she left in a hurry.
They had a promo last week stating, come meet George Rodriguez.
Neil Rogers produced, sir.
Yes.
Like he's a talent.
I mean, what is this?
He's a talent.
Compared to most of the people in this building, he's a major talent.
Trust me.
You know, and then if you've ever listened to this guy hung up on me three times and kept calling back
and I kept putting him to the top of the list of, he could get on the air and say this.
Yes.
Yeah.
So you could get on the rip and keep putting you on the top of the list so you'd come out and rip his ass.
If he's not a major talent, then why are you wasting your time talking about him?
And did you come and meet him?
Sir.
He cut himself off.
Oh, another one of those guys.
He just cut himself off.
What an asshole.
It sounded like when it drew his boyfriend's to me.
We have an open line in day, 751, 2 in Browell.
He's not going to be on air again this weekend, is he?
I had a major conversation with our program director yesterday, part of which, most of which, of course, is like off the record.
But part of which I'd be more than glad to divulge, which had to do with Drusy Michaels and the fact that this child doesn't belong on the air here or anyplace else.
And this man insists beyond a shadow of a doubt that this is a talent, to which I have to scratch my head and my ass and wonder what the hell this man, what kind of drugs he's on and where he's sticking
and he's the guards that he's handed out.
I mean, what are he talking about?
What line was that on?
Did he just like disappear?
He kept dropping off and calling back.
Why do you keep hanging up on me?
And I kept putting him back.
Because you got to screw up phone, asshole.
You faggot?
Let's go to Boca.
Hello.
This is more like it.
Yes.
Okay, you suck.
And with him, he looks...
Oh.
Can Boca ever will kick your ass like he will fire you fast?
Oh.
Say, oh, you're supposed to put on cold.
You're pouring white dress white.
Oi.
Yes, but can you have less cold if you're probably better?
Who's rich, why?
Yes, but can you suck?
Yes.
And with any luck?
Oh.
Who in the will pumps your ass and will get you all fire you fast?
Thank you, Rayblitz.
Beautiful.
That was a beautiful thing.
But as far as that last part, I'll leave it to Drew.
Okay, let's write up his alley.
Let's try a candle.
Hello.
Oh, my God.
Tell me.
What the hell was that?
Hello.
Hello.
Dale.
Was that your radio I'm listening to?
No, I don't know what happened.
I just got kind of weirdly cut off.
Oh.
Hey, listen.
I got a scoop.
What's going on on his phone?
All of a sudden here, man.
Since 1215, there's something going on over here.
What happened?
I don't know.
Beats a crap out of me.
Really?
Listen, I got a scoop for you, bro.
I got a scoop for you.
I have a friend.
Yeah.
And his father is going to open a club in Mexico, right?
See.
And it turns out, I guess, so the opening act is going to be.
Oh.
How many guesses do I get?
You get one.
I always be held.
You got it, baby.
Really?
And guess who can get your ticket?
Yeah, right.
Where is this going to be?
And I got Pucco?
And Monterey.
Monterey.
March when?
March 26.
No.
Wow.
Yeah.
And Luis is going to be there in Monterey?
Absolutely.
And there's going to be a bunch of other famous people, too.
And you're going to get me tickets to it?
I can if you want.
I love you, sir.
Are you interested?
Yes.
Excellent.
See.
See.
For favor.
Monterey.
Listen, I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
I'm going to hook up with this guy this weekend and call you back on Monday.
Okay.
Is that cool?
I can't wait.
I'm going to close my eyes now and it'll be Monday.
Hey, listen.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
See.
That foot, President of the University of Miami, you are a spear-tucking tuition-raising,
price-hiking douchebag.
Yes.
Okay.
Take it easy, bro.
I'll ask the Camille Vitas.
Later.
How do you like that?
Is my Luis Miguel connections are all starting to fall into place, so to speak.
It's falling into place.
146 at WIOD and WSUN.
So what can we tell you about traffic that you don't owe?
God, there's still like three or four of those people left around.
That's great.
Yeah, definitely.
I just wanted to know.
I know the coxic sisters probably don't like spending money, but I hope you're getting kickbacks
when all your reruns are on the station.
Meaning what?
How do you get any kickback?
No, I'm not.
Advertisers or nothing.
No, what advertisers?
We don't have any advertisers over there.
That's a joke.
What?
Advertisers.
Just wondering.
Why, what are you talking about?
Well, you know, every time you're on the air, you should begin.
You should begin something.
Like, what?
No compensation.
When are you talking about?
Well, you know, like, let's see here in Tampa at 6 to 8, your first rerun.
Right.
And then, uh...
I get a list into that one, but nevermind.
Then midnight to 2.
Oh, really?
Okay, because a lot of people call and they say to hear you all the time, but it's like, you know...
Hey, I got news for you with the big box I'm making from as you win.
I have no problems, okay?
With all the money that stations paying me, I haven't got a cure in the world.
And I just wanted to make sure, in closing, I like to call it a judge.
See, you know, it's just so obvious.
It's really, it really pains me.
These OP calls that come in from over there.
They want to start stirring up a bunch of crap.
Oh, yeah, he's left over.
He sounds like a real Y&F-lister, don't he?
Sounds like the grandpa of one of our Y&F-listers number one.
And number two, he wants to start stirring up, because he heard that earlier call.
So he assumes now he can start a whole big bunch of crap.
And then number three, he wants to stick somebody's name on you or start slanderin' some crap.
Pan, you're about as subtle.
Well, that's the one thing about those dirty tricksters and all that great stuff that OP and all those from F.A.
Learn, you guys are really clever.
Huh, huh, huh.
God.
My dog could come up with better crap than you guys do.
And believe me, they do every morning and evening and afternoon.
Here's a Venice.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing the help of the carler?
Great.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
