But you're getting just out of control.
Don't be because they keep ringing and ringing.
Yeah, because I'm picking it up.
I'm not going to sit here begging these assholes to call.
They want to play this game now.
This is the game they want to play.
They're bored. They want to play with something.
And they got their own equipment.
We have to provide it for them.
I know. I want to thank you for playing my girl song.
It shares me knowledge.
Playing what?
You play that, Matt, my girl, isn't it?
Megila.
Megila, no.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You don't know.
Megila?
The song.
Not the tapioca.
Huh?
Have a great day.
You know what I mean.
I never got any idea what you're talking about.
You play your song, the one that throws you.
Oh, you're talking about Luis Miguel.
Miguel, you're right.
Yeah, M치s all치 de todo.
Yeah, Miguel.
M치s all치 de todo.
It throws me knowledge.
I mean, now see you in Toronto at McGill University all the time every day.
That's what that means.
Right.
It's been a beautiful song.
Have a great day.
You tell me you got me.
I know you're speechless.
I'm speechless.
See ya.
And don't forget.
And not the tapioca.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
W-Y-O-D, the bat line.
Neo-Rangers.
Speaking.
Depot.
Yeah.
Hey, Mike Mayo on Sports Talk tonight.
All right.
Yes.
I'm going to leave it to Jeff DeForest, the only other person in America,
at least on this pathetic town that's got the balls to put Mike Mayo on here,
and respond to that suckhole trashing he's been getting all morning on the WAN East station all the way in all day.
A lot of pressure on the Sun Sentinel now for coming out against Broadpuster.
Yes, screw them, man.
I noticed that Dave Hyde and Mike Mayo and Dave Joseph,
the end of the guy on the op-ed page of the day,
these are the only guys in this town in Bob Rubin, by the way, who needs a new hair piece.
The only guys in this town in the print media, they got the balls to tell it like it is.
They got something other than BBs down there around the wrist.
Exactly.
So what time's that going to be at 6?
About 6.15.
Outstanding.
See ya later.
Congratulations, pal.
And now, aren't you glad that you can look yourself in the mirror,
that you're still here with us and don't have to work with a bunch of butt kissing fools like Jimmy Cephalo
and Joseph Gackie and Fat Hank.
Little freedom of speech.
There you go.
Bye.
See ya.
How do you like that?
Jeff DeForest puts the great Michael Mayo of the Sun sent in the Herald that brilliant column,
who might even bring in some Egyptian Hologrod tonight.
See, we're not going to sit here on this radio station, even though we are your dolphin station,
and Dean Jordan thinks we're part of the family.
Well, we're not in the right family.
Our nose don't bend in the right spot.
Okay, Dean, you asshole, you jackball, you goof plug.
And so we're going to like give everybody an opportunity to speak, especially if they agree with us.
114 at the WIOD.
God, this is just like a whirlwind, man.
The lines have been drawn in the sand.
The $8 billion of the coxisters against the puny few hundred million of age-way who can't even afford a good hair piece.
Don't forget, Pompato Park, we're going to be doing it tonight, great racing.
And of course, tomorrow night is 50 Cent Night.
No ripoffs like those gigantic expensive beers at certain stadiums.
50 Cent beers, hot dogs, and sodas all night long tomorrow and every Friday.
And of course, also our track pack tomorrow night, which we just got to come up with the winner tomorrow.
We got to pick a horse that's still alive, unlike that did piece last week.
We won't be picking any gym-langly horses I guarantee you on that.
And then Saturday, of course, it's the handicap and challenge your chance to pick the winners.
And the fifth, sixth, and seventh race and be eligible for a free 60-second betting spree the same night.
And the $1,000 cash giveaway just fill out the entry blank.
You might go home with a thousand bucks bulging out of your pocket or maybe something else who knows.
Don't forget, exciting harness racing continues all the way through September 3rd.
Pompato Park, post-i'm 730. We'll see you there tonight for sure.
Cross your heart and hope to win a big one at Pompato Park.
He was his ward, not his pedophile.
And I'll put a silken...
Little rock.
That's a cool, I just can't get over it, man.
Just slap me on the side of the ass and on the push at the same time.
Jeff DeForest with Mike Mayo of the Sun, Sentinel, the Light.
See, we're just not going to let Dean Jordan put the words in our mouths, okay?
For Stick his foot up our ass or stick our head up Wayne's ass.
We're just not going to do that here, all right?
And thank God for us.
I don't care. Maybe the public out there doesn't appreciate it.
Maybe these issues aren't all that important to most people out there.
Maybe most people don't go to any of these sports games.
Most people don't live in Miramar.
Most people don't give a flying cramp about anything that's going on around them except what's in it for them.
But it just gladens my old aching heart to see that at least...
And as much as you can rip management and God only knows I do all the time.
The one thing I got to say, I can't take it too many others, but all the way, do have my check.
But the one thing I got to say is at least on this, where their initial reaction was,
ah, you know, Dean Zanif, all we better call it, they finally thought about it for about 30 seconds as a...
To him, okay?
He's not running this place.
They don't own this place and quite frankly they never will because they couldn't afford to buy this place.
Well, they could.
But they won't because of the people...
Well, I wish they would, man.
Just write me that check.
Just loan me about two, three million dollars, waiting and I'll be out of your hair in a second in another shake of a lamestail.
And what is the public out there doing?
They're sitting on their goddamn ass.
Why, gee, can't we have more of the OJ?
Like my mother says to me a lunch yesterday.
She says, so what do you think of the OJ Simpson thing?
I said, cut it out, man. Get out of here already.
Start nagging me about some stupid crap in my...
Where the towels are in the closet again.
Even that would be an improvement over the OJ business.
W-Y-O-D.
Yeah, hello, good morning.
So Henry's got.
What is it?
Still Henry is got.
Yes.
Here?
Yeah, I know that.
I never got picked up coal before.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I just dropped you coal too because you sound like a turd.
W-Y-O-D, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Can I speak to you?
Speaking.
Well, this is the worst...
The worst.
You're going to have to call me back.
The worst phone I ever heard.
Don't take it personally, sir, but your phone is just clinking and clanking and puking.
And I'm sure that you can do better justice to yourself than that.
So call back.
Get a really good concoction and connection.
What do you got there, Lisa?
Some copy.
We have copy, isn't that exciting?
Are we getting very efficient here?
God only knows if we live long enough.
We might get that damn sales department straightened out, but I certainly doubt it.
W-Y-O-D, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to tell you what I just had to eat for lunch at Wayne D's.
Yeah, Wayne D's.
I had a quadruple gold burger with extra cheese.
Yeah.
A gold digger?
Yeah.
Big potato with a minoxidil in broccoli.
Yeah.
And a large frosty smiley ass with no lid on top.
Okay.
Magnet Hill.
Wayne has got to be sponsored for you, by the way.
Somebody you'd like to tell you, sir?
Are you listening?
Yes, I'm waiting.
I don't have a bonus book.
Have a great day, Palli.
We have an open line on the purple line at pound I-O-D.
How about those zits, Wayne?
You got any zits?
Huh?
I think he's got zits for brains myself.
I know he's worth all that money.
He must be doing something right.
Yeah.
Okay.
The old greasy palm strokes the wheel or something.
121 at W-I-O-D.
It's hot fun in the street.
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
You're young.
You're turning.
And you haven't got a hope and hell of getting a decent job.
Your generation acts.
And your constant anxiety about the future can really mess up your digestive system.
Hey, dude.
Hey.
What's wrong, man?
I haven't taken a crap in three days.
Whoa.
Constipated?
No.
Just not motivated, you know?
For you, there's new generation acts, lacks.
The only lax that have formulated especially for the ex-generation.
You have to take a crap sometime, man.
Ah, the boomers took all the really good crap, you know?
I know.
My parents used to go to the bathroom all the time in the 60s.
My parents took a crap at Woodstock.
Oh, god.
Yeah, I'm really tired of hearing about that.
The generation X-Lac.
The lax that have for young people who just can't give a crap.
No, 25.
I've been a lot of people went back and crap in the same spot at Woodstock too, as they did
at Woodstock 1.
There you go.
X marks the spot.
That's called leaving your mark on the world before you depart to that big Woodstock in
the sky.
Is it at a beautiful thing?
Like Jacelle Fernandez said, it was at Jacelle McKenzie.
It was nothing more than like Mudrestling and a bunch of cramp.
W-I-O-D on a purple line.
Neil God.
Yes?
How are you, Neil?
OK.
Neil, listen.
What can we do for you, sweetheart?
When they come out with some new shirts, when I come through that put out to you and Neil
shirt.
In November, no doubt.
OK, those are pretty plain.
I'm looking for like some better graphics.
Some better graphics?
Yeah.
Like what?
I don't know.
Maybe a hard horse.
Like Hank's head up Wayne's ass.
That'd be good.
We'll put that on the front.
There you go.
I think your Dean's going right up Wayne's ass.
OK, thanks.
W-I-O-D.
Hello?
And Neil.
Yeah.
I just want to say that I think Wayne brought both shirts and four-pound weight.
Oh, no.
OK.
And the wind.
And Chris, tropical storm Chris.
There was an incredible story that Tom Hopkins, our news director, was in here.
And Mabel, our new Halsian, our assistant programming ace, was in here as everybody was in here hopping up the free food.
And Tom Hopkins says to Mabel, I've got an update on Chris for you.
I left it on your desk.
And she says, you meet Chris Baker?
Haven't you heard of tropical storm Chris Baker?
W-I-O-D.
Hello?
Neil.
Yeah.
First of all, let me tell you, my wife and I have been great fans of yours for many years.
Well, that's great.
And we agree with everything you said.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I agree with this Neil stuff.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
Neil stuff.
Sorry, Wayne stuff.
Neil stuff?
No, Wayne stuff.
I apologize to you.
What is to stop them from someday telling you, well, if you all want to buy tickets to steal a football, you'll have to buy basketball.
There you go.
That's right.
A package deal.
That's right.
And of course, I don't give a crap about the heat.
I wouldn't go to see the NBA if they picked me, pay me 50 bucks again.
That's right.
If they ram it down your throat, what are you going to do?
There's a word for it, sir.
It's called monopoly.
And the idea that people are giving their blessing to this in this town shows just how stupid they are.
If you want to go see a concert, give your money to Wayne.
If you want to see basketball, give your money to Wayne.
If you want to see a football game, a baseball game, a hockey game, give your money to Wayne.
If you want something to pick up your garbage, give your money to Wayne.
If you want to go have your tape rewound, go straight to jail.
Do not collect Twitter.
And it just goes on and on.
If you want to go play a miniature putt putt, give your money to Wayne.
And it be closes early.
Don't expect to get your money back.
Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
And not only that, but don't believe anything.
He says because the man has turned into a compulsive liar.
I think you're right.
We got to remember one word also, boycott.
Yeah.
If anybody has the balls to do it.
Okay.
Listen also, you mentioned monster rewinds for free.
Sir.
I said monster video rewinds for free.
Okay.
Also, Neil.
Yeah.
You mentioned Toronto and McGill University in St. Brecht.
Yes.
McGill is in Montreal.
I said the Montreal allowets.
Oh, I was going allowets.
Toronto Arconauts.
The Montreal Royal.
The last time I saw it, he was sort of pitching 1950.
Montreal Royal, that's red in the international league against the Rochester Red Wings.
I remember it was just yesterday.
I was at the game.
And was Neary in a tremendous home on that.
That's right.
Left-handed Tommy LaSorta.
That's right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day, pal.
Take care.
That's before Tommy frowned out about his son.
May he rest in peace.
We have an open line.
See, that was another hypocrite right there, LaSorta.
They had a guy at a right-fielder, a black kid, very light-complexed, kind of like a light chocolate kid.
By the name of Glen Burke, who made the mistake of coming out of the closet.
Needless to say, he didn't play for the Dodger organization very long.
Then come to find out that Tommy LaSorta's own son flew on that side of the street, then died from AIDS.
But of course, not too much has been said.
Because the Dodger organization doesn't want to condone that kind of whatever it is.
Because they like that Disney Land mentality out there.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
No.
Yeah.
Love it, murder.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
No.
Yeah.
What's happening, guy?
I can't believe that the people that, you know, the Luis Miguel's, this, a record company, has not given you guys any tickets or something.
They haven't given us the time of day.
The only thing they sent us is about 85 of these calendars, where you keep ripping the day off for how many days before he's coming.
So I just keep ripping off one at a time, because I'm sure he's coming every day to somewhere.
I can't believe it.
You even got the cockamoo lady turned on to Luis Miguel.
Oh, that lady's cut, man, that Masayade Toto.
I played that, you know, this is going to make people wonder about my sanity.
All the way home yesterday, I did listen to Part of Phil with that great Wayne's, uh, agent on there.
But then after that, I played it like about 85 times over and over, they're coming to work all the way to work this morning with all those respect to Rick Wiley and his, uh, and his, uh,
coat hanger in the attic.
Uh, I listen, I must listen to it like, uh, 20 times, just over and over.
I'm just swept away by that song.
It's done.
My speakers will be pitted in that Corvette. I'm just cranking it so loud.
I feel the same way.
I get goosebumps in my ass on my neck on my, uh, places I can't mention.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Who's pumped? That's exactly what that was against me.
But I tell you, Soul 95 has been around month, has been giving away tickets and, uh,
who has Soul 95, whatever that, uh, else soul has been given away concert tickets.
All four months now.
What, what kind of crap is that? What are we, chop liver?
I will guarantee you, my friend, that I have sold more Luis Miguel records in this state than El Soul will ever sell if they lived to be a thousand.
We haven't got the sweat off Luis's ass from these wheelatina people.
And I'm nauseated and sick and I'm so grateful for you telling me that.
I'm telling you.
Even if they did bring me the goddamn new single and they also brought me that big juror of a blow up doll.
Even in spite of that, I'm not blaming the guys at El Soul because they're giving them the stuff.
But how come we get left out because we speak any English? Is that it?
No, because I think you need to, you need to have somebody at the station kind of contact these people.
George has been talking to these people every five minutes, okay?
But he is on top of it.
The record company.
We, El Latina and the promotional people.
And that Mike Bumfork guy that used to be the board up here who's supposed to be like a promoter for this stuff.
These people, like I said, he's got nothing to do with these still-up puts.
Yeah, but at least the CDs, they're giving away every time you listen to one Luis Miguel song you have to call and they give you a CD.
They do one.
You mean the single?
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, the album trust me, the album isn't out yet.
It's not out yet.
Is it out yet?
Is it out yet?
Right, that's the single.
Oh, okay.
I got that.
Yeah, oh man, that, I love this song.
Yeah, but not like Masaiade Toto, man.
Oh my God.
Oh man, when the woman said that, you played it?
About two seconds ago.
Oh, you mean the song?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, you start talking about Luis. I got my hand on it right now.
Yeah.
I mean the CD.
Now I'm telling you, man, I tell you, you have cloud.
Do you look at it even if it's not a CD?
Yeah, I got cloud.
I can't, I can't even get like five people at the same time
to get off their dead ass.
I got no cloud.
This is a dead head town, man.
Yeah.
And it's one of these ethnic things.
I guarantee if we were playing a Spanish music on this station,
I'd have 7,000 copies of it to give away.
Luis would have been over here already stark naked,
laying flat on the table saying, please do anything you want.
Look at me all over Hedito.
But because this is like English language radio,
all of a sudden we're some commoners there or something.
We're some kind of subversive assholes.
And we don't count.
Well, I tell you that.
And I guarantee you that my good close friends at El Sol
would admit before anybody, look at that thing poking out.
Before anybody else that I've sold more guy,
what is he doing in there with that baseball?
Give your hands out of your pants, Mandage.
And I've sold more Luis Miguel's stuff
that all the other people in this country put together.
Only outside of the US of A has he sold more stuff
thanks to anybody but me.
I tell you one thing, I knew about him.
But I didn't really didn't, wasn't trying to...
You didn't realize just how beautiful and what a voice
like a symphony orchestra on a body like God
and a personality like heaven.
You didn't realize that he was the beginning and end of the universe
from here to Uranus.
And the goosebumps.
Yeah.
That's right.
I get goosebumps from that voice.
I hear that voice and it just makes my thing quiver.
Oh, I'm telling you Neil.
From my head to my shaft.
They have made at least a hundred bucks off of me since you've been playing that...
Yeah, not because you heard it on El Sol
but because you heard it on W.I.D.
How do you like that?
Oh, you were playing it before.
So all you at least Miguel people out there
you better start whizing up, okay?
When he comes to town on the 6th of October
I better have seats right there in the front where I'll be able to go up
and give him a big fat kiss right on the lips.
Right on the push.
And also, you know, you know, you Louis Miguel
if you were to understand Spanish fully,
you would just melt with it so they'd...
I already melt.
I don't need to understand it.
He speaks a universal language, my friend.
I'm telling you.
And like I said, other than the pig Spanish
which is spoken by many of our less sophisticated people in this town,
he speaks it like a beautiful language
like it should be spoken as opposed to some of these illiterati
that we got out there who don't know from a douchebag.
Oh man, the feeling's behind the song that he sings.
The feeling.
That's it. The powerful feeling.
That's surged. That thrust.
Won't you like the feeling, huh?
Oh, I'm already feeling it.
Okay, put it away and calm down.
Oh, okay, oh, listen to me.
I'm gonna play it if you ever say goodbye.
Oh, yeah, yeah, a second.
I said, did you ever go through that last video that I sent you?
The what?
With that porno video?
Yeah.
I didn't look at it yet.
Oh man, you got to make it.
I'll get around to it.
There's plenty of time.
Okay, when you get to be as old as I am, you know,
you're plenty of time to sit around and get a grip on life.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great life, pal.
Thank you.
Oste cameo, Vitas.
Anytime.
I'll be there. It's okay.
Bonacere.
What?
135.
I'm telling you, he'd be big in Italy.
I'm gonna, that's gonna be my new thing.
I'm gonna get there a lot of here because I'm not appreciated in this town.
I'm just wasting my effort.
I'm an old daughtering fool.
I'm like Don Shulah.
You know, used to be great, but I'm like, uh,
life has passed me by.
And I'm gonna be Luis Miguel's promoter in Italy,
even though he speaks in Spanish, because there's a lot of,
a lot of similarity.
He would be so big in Italy, man, it would be like melting at his feet,
like butter, like extra virgin olive oil.
I'm telling you.
Now if I could ever learn Italian.
Come up, Aulji.
I, Bonacere.
Why?
Huh?
Well, I know a few, I don't know what they mean.
I know what they mean, but it's just, you know,
when you know seven words,
that doesn't take you too far.
Some things though, you don't need words for.
135 at WIO.
Do you don't need words to get dry?
Come, why are you doing it a few words?
But you need a full number to get dry concepts over to your house to clean those
schmootsy carpets.
Because deep down in a carpet man is just exactly what I said only moments ago.
Schmoots, dirt, crap.
It's in there, and you walk all over the carpets and it grinds it in there.
It gets deeper and deeper and deeper,
just like the Wayne business.
It's getting so deep man that it takes almost a superhuman effort to suck it out of there.
Except if you call dry concepts.
And the reason they suck it out so well is because they use a dry cleaning system on your carpets
as I've been telling you for years, just like the system that's used to dry clean your clothing.
And like magic, it went in doubt. It sucks it out.
That's right.
And leaves those carpets beautiful, just like installed brand new from the factory.
No sticky residue left behind.
No washed out look.
And dry cleaning makes your carpets stay clean or longer because it gets the deep down, dirt out.
And they use a disinfectant as they clean,
leaving your carpets smelling lemony fresh.
So to make a long story short, you put all of that together.
Reasonable price, no ripoffs, no hidden charges.
They give you an estimate right before they even start.
And none of these ripoffs are scams like a lot of the other companies are infamous for.
Call dry concepts. All I got to do is get you to triumph one time,
and you'll never call anybody else again.
And when you call, be sure to ask about their furniture cleaning and drapery cleaning,
spot dyeing, color enhancement, even complete water damage restoration.
I think I'm telling you, I don't think I'm going to be able to continue on this.
The borderway is the old expression goes.
I was your people, say, now I just blew me away.
And of course, how many times can you get blown away?
You know, they're just, they're just not that many songs.
I mean, yeah, other songs that are like powerful,
that are great that are like, whatever.
But that one just blows me away.
144, by the way, don't forget Miramar.
Miramar City Hall is 6700 Miramar Parkway.
The last hearing beginning at 730, get there early because there are going to be a lot of angry, psychotic people there tonight.
The last hearing on Blockbuster Park.
Or you can call if you need more info.
989, 6200, that's the Miramar City Hall.
989, 6200, tell them your mad is how you want some real information.
What the hell are they going to do to you?
And who's going to be doing it?
And how's it going to feel?
And where are they going to stick it?
Etc. And so on.
So speak now forever, hold it, man,
because otherwise just hand over the keys of the kingdom and get used to being lied to a lot.
A lot.
And don't forget, when you're at the hearing, just remind everybody that monster rewinds for free.
W-Y-O-D.
Neil, baby, you fag.
Yeah, yeah, that's it. That's the one, Dean.
W-Y-O-D, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'm calling from Broward, but I don't want any free stuff.
Good.
Yeah, I got an idea for your show here.
Yeah?
I think it'd be great.
And I'm going to tell it to you.
Yeah.
You could have running episodes of Young Hoi Zenga.
You could have them take over all the lemonade stands on the block.
Yeah, that would be a good idea.
And all that.
You could be the next Charlie Brown knows.
Exactly.
And you know, you can have them say, you know, I don't have to buy all the SD.
Yeah, and he could send the hangout to be the next Charlie Brown knows.
Right.
Yeah.
You got a good start.
Yeah, definitely.
And you could just play with it for a lot of time.
Play with it forever.
Exactly.
Okay, I don't think Wayne'd be too happy with that.
He don't cotton to stuff like that.
Thanks for the suggestions.
You're going to call us again someday.
W-Y-O-D, hello.
Yes, is Neil please?
Speaking.
Speaking, yes.
I got a little tune for you.
Okay.
Turn that radio down otherwise you've got it.
Turn the radio off.
Turn the radio off or you're going to be like stepping on yourself.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Are you ready?
We're ready.
We're holding on.
We're still holding.
He's a dingo.
Okay, let's go to, did he say, he said dingo.
Something that rhymes with dingo?
He said finger.
He said, give him the finger.
W-Y-O-D, hello.
Neil, yeah.
What's up?
How you doing, sir?
All right.
Hey, I just want to tell you, my monster unwinds for free.
That's it, really?
Yeah.
You only wish.
Hey, I want to say something about Phil Henry.
Yes.
I mean, maybe I'm the only one but I think he's dark.
Why is that?
Every day is the same thing.
Every day he comes out of my life.
No, it is not.
It is not the same thing.
For example, yesterday he had Wayne's agent on it.
It was the best damn thing I ever heard.
I was great.
And the ball games and what's your name there?
The old bag from...
What are you talking about, sir?
I mean, every day he comes on.
And does something different and spontaneous and hysterical.
And he angst the audience and his chain.
And they get all bent out of shape.
And it's great.
And he's one in a minute.
I don't want to hear from you, sir.
Okay.
If that wasn't Wayne Jr.
Was that the Scott on the phone?
He said he was the only one.
Oh, that's right.
You're the only one.
So don't feel left out.
You're the only one.
You know what?
Okay.
All right.
You can handle it.
He can handle it.
He said, it's all right.
He said, you can't please everybody.
99 and 9.10% is not too bad.
Because it's like ivory soap.
It floats like the collar.
147 at WIOD.
As you know, it's an asshole.
Just lick him.
Okay, let's go to a date.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a great man.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
I was a lady who first called Hank Goldberg about six or seven months ago about Wayne Heizinger.
Yes.
And he went off the wall and started ranting and raving about it on night.
Ranting and raving about what would you say?
How about Wayne Heizinger?
I talked about Wayne and building a stadium way out in the Everglades.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to say that I thank you, Wayne, from the bottom of my heart for all of the help that you had.
You know, just for alerting the public.
Because.
Thank you, Wayne.
I mean, I'm sorry.
Thank you, Neil.
You know, people have been doing that.
They've been interspersing Wayne and Neil all day long.
I'm going to go and write a bunch of checks today and I'm going to sign Wayne's name to them and see if they skip through there.
Well, this could be the big hit.
This could be the start of something really big.
Well, at the last Miramar hearing, they said that they were just about broke.
Yeah.
Maybe that's why they need all the public money.
But after what we saw at the Miramar hearing last month, a couple of weeks ago where the Miramar mayor was the rudest woman I have ever seen in my life.
Yeah.
They were up there laughing and joking and carrying on.
And three of the Miramar commissioners had their speech prepared, typewritten, ready to go.
Of course, I had a time.
So no matter what anybody said, they just ramrotted it right through there.
Well, this is happening.
Like they're going to do tonight.
Right. This is obviously a done deal.
Yeah.
But I just want to say I've been listening to you.
We've listened for years.
We appreciate everything that you're doing.
And it does take a lot of courage to speak out against Wayne because he does control this community.
Well, he don't control the station and he can kiss my fat ass as what he can do.
I don't like what he's doing.
I mean, I love the dolphins.
I love the marlins.
And especially I love the panthers.
I'm a big panther and hockey fan.
But just because he brought a couple of sports in here, it doesn't mean that we should just everybody get down and genie reflect and hand him the keys to the kingdom and listen to all of his lies and watch his devious dealings and watch him put little business people out of business and trample on everybody.
I just don't go for it.
I just don't like people who deal with people the way he does in addition to which he wants to turn everything.
He wants to put his brand like we're cattle.
He wants to brand us and turn everybody into his little obedient goose stepper.
And I'm not that that's just not the way I work.
Well, we absolutely agree with you here at my house.
And I just wanted to say that if people care about the quality of the water or if they're going to have water in South Florida, he needs to get that project out of that area because that's our water supply for South Florida.
Well, be there tonight.
I hope they have like 75,000 screaming wild people there tonight who demand some action.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, good luck.
Because you'll need it.
Don't forget Michael Mayo.
This is now see this would be a good thing on your way to the meeting in Miramar.
You can have a default tuned on because the meeting starts at 730.
The other woman said people begin there is earlier 630.
But at 605 the prestigious Michael Mayo of the sometimes prestigious son sentinel who wrote that great column about Wayne who is in perpetual denial and he ain't even got the Egypt yet.
Just a great column this morning in the paper, one of the most brilliant of all time and he'll be on with us.
He won't be on, they'll be putting them down on QAM on WANE on the Yola shill station.
Used to be the all sport station.
Now it's the all shill station.
La, tada, tada, tada, tada, I forgot about that.
I bet you he loves that.
You'll be on that station too.
I bet you that's one thing he won't replace when he buys WANE.
It will be loud as he'll probably expand it to like eight hours a day.
Cheap two plus to just keep playing the same tapes over and over again like we do.
WIOD on a purple line. Hello.
A needle.
Yes sir.
The never just food for thought.
Okay, I'm eating.
The salt grass expressway.
Yeah.
Overpriced going nowhere.
You think Wayne owns that?
Something to think about, something to stick in your camp.
Food for thought.
Do you think maybe he might have been in on that whole dealer?
If he denies it, that gives you the answer.
Hey, by the way, just for your just for that guy's information, the guy that's the out in front of Pimberg Pines or his protesting something.
He said he was like 180 pounds and he went on a hunger strike or something.
He did?
That's what he was talking about.
I was on the American suds.
American suds.
I didn't hear it.
I was listening to Luis McGillian.
He said he's 180 pounds and he's going to hunger strike until I listen to his demands.
So I can lose, you know, I can probably lose 45 or 50 pounds without too much trouble.
I'll go out there and give him a hand.
Okay.
Yeah.
And help him too.
I'll call it to the Neil Rogers Weight Watchers.
Okay.
Bye.
Have a good time, pal.
You, Starve Willie.
WIOD.
Hello.
And Neil, the problem is, is everybody's getting excited about that city of Miramar thing.
But, uh, oh, the city of Miramar commissioners, you know, they're older.
They're not going to give a crap by over 10 years.
They're not going to be around.
They're all going to be pushing up panties.
That's right.
They don't give it as long as they get a little grease right now.
They don't care about the western app in the future.
That bitch Vicki Koseyano, she's still a mayor over there.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, she, yeah.
You know, I mean, I have the two TV acts and scan through TCI and I see that, you know, my screen.
I've broken every screen on my TV.
Yeah, those scam meetings that they have.
Yeah.
One other thing.
Did you know that I will say something about TCI.
Now they have WGN.
Did you know that?
All right.
But, they'll probably take it away in a couple of months.
So they like, once baseball starts up again in the spring, they'll take it away from you.
I got WGN by my own.
My picture sucks.
So, yeah, there you go.
Hey, one quick thing.
Can you play that Mrs. Patterson bit when the guy calls his wife at home?
He's doing a secretary.
Okay.
Can you do it?
See ya.
See ya.
I can do it tomorrow.
I can't do it today.
I mean, he calls up like three minutes to two and I'm going to find that.
Is this guy dreaming or what?
I couldn't find it if my life depended on it.
Could I?
I might.
I can't.
I can't.
Okay.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Hey.
Yeah.
Do you learn?
Yeah, speaking.
Hey, me, okay.
Tonight.
Wayne is going to have marijuana with people of showplish.
That's right.
He's got, it's like, you're absolutely right, man.
It's like a guy who's got a big sack and he just keeps reaching out and sticking the arena in there
and the heat in there and the dolphins in there and the panting in there.
And he's going to stick the city of Miramar in there and like half a browner than the whole county line in there.
He's got the Jorabi Stadium in there.
He's got that.
He's got a sack full, man.
There's a new video out but you cannot get it a blockbuster.
It's called Wayne Lies on Video Take.
See ya.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh.
I love it.
With James Spada.
I can't stand him, by the way.
James Spada.
He gives me-oh, God, he gives me the creeps.
I just cannot deal with him.
Almost as bad as Christian, Slater.
There's nothing wrong with Christian Slater that a good spanking wouldn't cure.
W-I-O-D, hello.
Or a shotgun.
W-I-O-D.
Dean Jordan is with God.
Yeah, well that's a good place for him.
Okay, I only wish from your lips to his ass.
W-I-O-D, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Wayne-
Wayne loads that shit.
Yeah.
I'm in traveling around him, foggy with his damn ring and-
Well, it's enough to drive you nuts.
And it's driving me crazy and I can't even hear it.
Right.
Uh...
Yes?
A little spy report.
I turned over to a QA amp first time ever in my life.
Well, good for you.
Then you got a good-
Then you got a chance to hear an earful of sucking and shilling.
You're right.
You're exactly right.
Yeah.
It was some lady called in.
It had to be one of your callers.
Yeah.
You know, because she was saying,
all I'm taught about this Wayne Bastion from these other stations.
Right.
That's how it matters, Hank, and I ain't gonna take it no more.
I've never taken them from them.
Did you really see that?
I promise you.
I love it.
That's- I wonder where she got that.
I want you with Madness, Hell!
I don't know what they're thinking anymore.
Oh!
Also, once again, I know you know, it's your program and everything.
You go right ahead, Hank.
I want to let George have him like, say if you were there.
Have a great day, pal.
You take it, guys.
Yeah.
See if you were there.
There's one from George.
He just did that.
Here's another one.
Oh, that's from Anonymous.
At George slips a couple in there every now and then in words, too.
He's busy eating, sir.
See, you think that he wants to be a star.
He used to think about that every now and then,
but now he decided that the free meals and the free car and all that they're a pasta maker.
That those things transcend just a few minutes of start a minute about two and a half bucks an hour.
So anyway, don't forget that meeting Miramar City of Hall tonight.
Tonight, tonight, tonight's your last chance.
I'm not holding out much hope for you, but nonetheless, at least you know you got an opportunity to go up there.
Make a little noise.
Scream a little bit.
Y'all carry on Miramar City Hall 6700 Miramar Parkway.
Six a 730 night people begin.
There is earlier 630.
So get there early and get to grab a good seat.
Hopefully, Wayne's in squeeze real tight.
And Michael Mayo, Jeff, the forest.
I told you is a freaking living guy.
That's right.
Michael Mayo, no shilling on this station of the sentinel.
We'll be here with the pyramids right on the air tonight.
Lifting it and the pyramid.
This is how Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talker.
Are we on the air?
Yes!
They took each other out like they were dancing.
All they needed was a little music.
Jim Mandage takes us in order to after each game.
If they had to blow up tonight in order to play with it, it'd probably explode in the face.
Are we on the air?
That's the first down by the hair on their chinny chin chin.
Cox, the heavyweight champion of the NFL.
And the running backs are turning the cracks into big holes.
God, that's embarrassing as the **** to me.
When he filed fines that little crack turns it into a hole every time.
The ball popped out of there.
I hate to use this, but it's one of my weaver isms like a wet water milling see.
Higgs running like a Tasmanian devil right now.
Dolphins annually, the least penalized team.
Holding him manage unfortunately has a drinking problem.
But it's one of my weaver isms.
He was so exposed it was indecisive.
They've kicked her butt.
Jim Mandage is frothing at the mouth.
Are we on the air?
Sunrise.
Hello.
Rick Weaver is gone.
No.
Yes.
Because the untightened good riddance.
You're the president of a book.
Tonish moron.
Yeah.
He's done his last weaver isms.
Okay, another member of the Rick Weaver fan club there to say goodbye.
I guess there's not like a lot of fanfare and hoopla in the departure of Mr. Weaver, huh?
I guess he just kind of slinks into the Mississippi mud to beat his feet on the Mississippi mud.
Anyway, getting back to the real story here behind the story.
I'm driving home yesterday and I'm going to have to give a little bit of background in a minute on this whole deal.
I'm driving home yesterday and I hear little contra-tops beginning on a Rick and Sud show they're getting these calls of course from people over on a west coast who are needless to say highly and understandably very upset that they're being blown off in an afternoon in favor of that lying, devious backstabbing blob of crap who I also will talk about in a moment.
I mean, for him to be calling Aunt Nell a liar about the ratings.
How can you lie about the ratings when you read them on the air you fat slob?
How the hell can you lie about them when you read them?
And I'll say it again, we were all doing all of us here from this sonuck of the woods a hell of a lot better before FATSO started over there.
But anyway, I'll get to that and then then I'm listening to that after the track last night to replay of his big or whatever hour that is now.
And the next after he's talking about his great young demographics and great young audience and BAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAP
We can have a look at the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about before we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the
video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about the video that we talked about
I was talking about why D
intimidate us and forget about the fact that there's so many incompetence involved here
and so then he starts to tell me well now that i don't know anything about that
the rotten ron it's great we're paying him all this money they're going to be
on start Monday morning and uh... you're still going to be on midday removing
the blob of the afternoon that'll be great
and the latin he says to me velvita and i quote him verbatim he says now what
do i do at night
meaning very clearly that they have no intention to keeping randia at night
they're going to put somebody else in there either jazz or anything
but uh... their convinced now any of it's amazingly enough before last year
came on
we were all considering the fact that we got primarily a bunch of new york
uh... state that like randy the brookland you and the juefag in me you know
whoever else is on over here my any type people and it's part of that
well how could anybody forget the first appearance we did over there in that
clear water mall
thousands and thousands of people living and breathing most of them
the front of the box
and that's when we bring last year up on the stage and i've been making all the
calls and oh he's out there and a farm in iowa and let's get him on the
station he's got a big following in tap we need somebody local on here
bop bop bop and from the minute that we introduced him over there this back
stabbing slob is done nothing except do everything this power everything this
power to put on everybody else
and the one time i spoke to velvita about that he says well you and bob need to
have a chat no i didn't need to have a chat you needed to have a chat with
this fat slob okay
and i look at this memo again which is not for broadcast the six hundred
page memo from bob green which is mostly swill and he says radio is not
underlined not not a team sport
however there is a dependency by box is across all the portman to go into
department heads and mutual respect radio is not a team sport
that's news to me are we also supposed to be islands in one paragraph he's
talking about putting setting aside your egos and in the next paragraph he's
talking about radio is not a team sport i say poppycock
mister green i say your full of it
so that's been part of the problem over there all along is the fact that we
got one guy who's the local guy who's got the following who's got the billboards
has been like they spent all their time and effort promoting him which is fine
no problem
and he's running around town and he's got he's got this number he's got that
number i got i got to be honest with you after a year in that market on that
station with no competition whatsoever in the morning except some old fart
name out gardener was a hundred years old
the numbers you got in the last trend baby ain't nothing to write home about okay
the rest of us something nobody would want to write home about all admit that
but i wouldn't be opening up a big fat mouth so anyway that's the bottom line
the conversation with velvita
do not go in there do not talk to those guys i'll handle it i'll talk to them
so i rush out of this building knowing they're going on vacation and of course
when somebody's on the air you don't go running in and saying while they're on
the air oh guess what guys to blow you off in Tampa put run and run on Monday
you just don't do it it's not done
so then of course they finish out their show and i find out yesterday that it's
six p.m. velvita calls as they're going off the year in the meantime on their
stations news it will like about a minute later before velvita is even
through telling them about a minute later uh they're announcing it on the
air run and run of signed with talks enterprise at start at w su
and monday mornings last at already afternoon blah blah blah
so he is telling them your off your history etc
kind of a smart way to do it but typical because since we first went on over
there about a year and a half ago all they've been doing is using us and
manipulating us etc and people keep calling well when you guys coming back
over here i think it's pretty obvious now why we haven't been invited back
so that but this is this to me yesterday this of all the episodes of all the
things that i've been through five years plus with this company this one
epitomized their callous lack of regard for human life
for anybody that works for this company rickensets come on at two
last year's on over there on s.u.n. rickensets are out over here at least for
the time being in the afternoon god only knows what the hell's going on
the program directors telling me one thing the general managers tell me
another thing rickens tell me they're all full of crap nobody knows from
nothing and so who knows what's going on but in the meantime they go on a year
like i started to say and again some calls from over there were upset we miss
you guys already we thank you for your gonna have a last ba ba ba
now now comes to find out and of course rickett to a clock told Marvin to
sure to turn off the satellite we don't need to have the satellite on because
they're not curing the show turn the satellite back on again eight o'clock
a night when jazza's feeling for randy last night so now here's velvita is
calling frantically into the control room oh turn a satellite on we want to hear
the show turn a satellite on and then velvita is put on hold and rick goes to put
him on the ear and how many times has he done this when we've gone to put him
on the ear rather than coming on the ear and being like a munch and talking to
what's in heaven just tiny set of balls i was a geek exactly hangs up the phone
rick goes hey Tom ain't click you're listening to south florida's news talk and
entertainment station news talk radio six ten double uio d my m e ford lauderdale
president clinton has kept the news conference for this afternoon and it's
expected he'll be presenting the tales of the administration's abrupt change
in policy toward refugees from Cuba
why don't you
well
is that disgusting
how shocking
well i'm never
i'm
gonna meet her at the
market soon i'm gonna hug
and kiss her
hope that we don't trip in
far now we're making out
moving toward ecstasy
customers are sacked and they give this out
there's not much time to see
not on an escalator
and i'm going on to the movie
well
i'm gonna just go
later
do it again
i'm gonna go to jail
i'm gonna just go later
where do these moving steps
all go
i'm gonna just go later
where do you
get out
where do these moving steps
all go
the deviously behind the backs of the talent
take the show see somehow they've got it in their mind that ws you in
owns our shows over here i got news for a baby that ain't my contract and i'm
pretty sure it's not anybody else is either
they don't own this show what they pay us to carry the shows over there
couldn't uh my dogs couldn't eat on that for uh for a week okay that's how
much their pain has to be on the year over there
for last year and a half
so that we can take a lot of abuse and crap
and i'm serious and this is not
stick i am serious the way that the talent over here has been treated by those
people what did we ever get we had a the week we had a broadcast
from over there we had a drive over there go don't fly them over there we can't
afford that can't afford those big bucks
we can trade out maybe some cheap hotel rooms and a flusy hotel
are we sure as a part
pure a hockey tickets that i had a big and plain which i'm not happy that i
didn't use the ones in Orlando at least i finally got them to spring for a hundred
bucks a hundred bucks got to probably broke the bank they almost broke the
deal on the round and round thing over there because they couldn't afford the
hundred bucks problem
they have treated randy rick riley suds cormon and yours truly
like garbage and what they were trying to do yesterday is they want to take the
show and then put it on like who knows 11 o'clock at night
the two in the morning whenever the hell they felt like it without telling these
guys without discussing it with them without asking them and of course
certainly i'm sure without paying it in other words
see you guys but nice knowing you but we got the
running run now we got Bob and he after a little bit nice knowing you thanks
for all your good work and now we're going to steal your show and stick it
on there wherever we help we feel it's like back when he first started
carrying the shows and we're getting the only way we know what was going on
over at wsu and it's fire reports from the listeners
they were taking my show and we playing it like 600 times
the best of Neil the worst of the uh the media ochre of nia
nia nia nia nia nia nia over and over and over again all weekend all night
all day all year
you guys suck
and this is not stick that's from the heart man i am
i am so close to telling them to take their damn wsu and it's sticker right up
there as which will be no great loss to them i'm sure
i mean we're not doing any number over there and certainly not valuable enough
to them for to promote it oh we got lasted around the billboards we got the
cow with the uh things through it
and just to go their own merry way
because that may not be the right market for any of us over here anyway
quite frankly probably is not all we do have somehow amazingly
without any promotion we do the rest of us have some what is that
spirey for hello hello yes sir yeah Neil speak to me hey listen um
i'm here in st. Petersburg i'm reading the newspaper
and they're put it says right here in print the former wsu and afternoon duo
rick and such will air only on tape the way to six a.m. daily i know it got it
i know it hey i got to go on it work thanks thanks but
so there is shylock homes right there is scoping it out for us a couple a real
lying and not just a couple but here comes bob green in here oh turn the satellite back on
turn the set the way this has been done by this company is so devious and so freaking
underhanded and so outrageously unacceptable that i'm just ready to puke all over
tom belvita's head and this is not stick you guys got some god damn nerve try to
manipulate us around for your failing putrid mediocre radio station i hope
run and run get a point three okay i hope last year it gets a 20 share in every
one of them is over the age of a hundred is what i hope nauseating and
disgusting and unacceptable who is who are these geeks in here now what is that
who are these assholes including the one with the tie oh sorry about even don cherry
wouldn't wear that tie so this is the kind of chicanery that's going on a cox broad casting
they can afford the big bucks for ron and ryan this moron they got a hot 105 i listen
this morning coming to work and i'm at listen i could make better sound effects farting
on the ear i could stick this microphone on the chair and get better quality sound effects
the time joiners got with his fiber optics and he's oh my god i mean one of these people thinking
about one of our people i won't say it was tom hopkins comes into me this morning before i went
on ears what is that show what is that time join i said don't ask me that's exactly what i said
don't ask me here's a letter to the editor in the sunset and this morning as long as i'm
worked up to a frenzy here that epitomizes what's wrong with this whole god damn state and all
these letters from to the editor always from these produce uptight anti sexual anti human hysterical
people sangra in for lauderdale for instance and the headline on the letter to the editor tv not
as much of a problem is what kids see on the street and here's the letter you parents are so
worried about what your kids see on tv so how on earth are you allowing the city of for lauderdale
to condone naked hot dog vendors prancing around for your kids to see
i am far from approved but the woman selling dogs on sunrise boulevard across from the gala ria
is almost a hundred percent naked and with extra emphasis bends this way in that rear to the
traffic the Santa Claus hat really got me she says take your kids to the beach wait for the
bridge and you can get moaned at least ten times so what do you tell your kids my son is an adult but
if i were you i'd do something so sangra this cannot be right that's wrong with a couple of warm
buns to go with your weenie at lunchtime what the hell's wrong with that you stupid bitch what did
you say she was a weenie no where how can we find her when do we how can we find her she's in
far at lauderdale with all the other old farts how can you find all the just look for the
city of blue or the weenie lady i thought you meant Sandra Sandra's obviously repressed you need
something maybe you can find her you probably get it faster than the weenie lady she just a tease
she's a cork tease so anyway we just been having a little discussion amongst ourselves over here
it that you know how stupid we've been how foolish we've been here see the company in the beginning
oh we're doing this for you guys and we're going to syndicate neo show and neo you know is this great
talent and he's we pay them all his money and we're going to have mine all over the country
yeah and we had some discussions about that and i said well you know basically it's a local show we
talk a lot about the dolphins what's going on here in town and the local crap or whatever else is
going on here and it really is difficult to do that but the fact is that right from the beginning
there was never any plan just like this Orlando business like the barzini business is the same
way Orlando business that's another lie another bunch of crap there's a guy up there who was
moist to put this show on here who loves me who was dying to put this show on here we actually sold
you know that's amazing that we sold a bunch of stuff at peaches in Orlando when the club they can't
hear us the people I can consume me and south of there can hear a little iod like real in between all
like that just a little bit and the people like who live the western and northern fringes here a
little bit of s you went marginally in Orlando that's about it except we're on a y and f for
week when they could hear it fine and yet we still sold a bunch of our best of with all of us on
in Orlando at the peaches on colonial drive up that's a miracle that's amazing i'm not saying
that they've sold tons of it but evidently there's some of it that's moved up there a miracle
and this was months ago and every time I asked the question well what's going on but uh I don't know
no I don't know nobody knows nothing it said Joey but a Foucaultist syndrome again nobody did
not and and nobody knows nothing that's the answer around here but getting back to the naive
group of us here at w i o d there was never any intention in other words they they hoped in the
beginning they could open up a pot and throw all his crap on 20 share overnight okay millions of
dollars pouring in well that didn't happen and wasn't likely to happen anyway then they put
last year on and instead of developing this kind of a crossover and uh team mentality and promoting
the whole thing uh never happened and quite to the contrary it's been like attack randy attack
neal uh destroy the whole thing play up to all the nose pickers over there and hate all those
the ice holes in Miami and all that stuff and why because they're not gearing they have no love
and and the same thing with how come you guys you never coming back over here they're going to invite
us back over there because we're not in their plans over there they're going to put somebody on
they put Ron and Ron in the morning they got lasted around in mid-article goes into paper and
like in the bottom paragraph as an and uh neo-roger's will continue from 10 to 2 and Randy Rhodes from 8 to 11
and the last sentence should have been until local talents are hired to fill in the room oh that's fine
no problem but tell us about it don't lie to us don't use us don't manipulate us don't lie to us
don't keep pouring us and bleeding us and screwing us over because quite frankly we don't like it
and i think i speak for all the talent over here we are sick of it
you
forget here in heraldos there's a monster out there on the streets that could strike at any moment
old people who drive that's right there's no escaping them because they're ed
quest and uh can i wait here that it's the talent that brings in the money i think it's appropriate
that is uh you are right on targets sir you are absolutely correct
correct thank you for his courtesy because just the way he treated me is he could have that i'll
see mentality because he's got a pile back at i and z and the old things were the blown me up
always like Kyle he might have done that oops oh is he gone
yeah who was that was that somebody that we should have blown off that you should have blown off
no didn't sound like it why does he talking about Kyle Kyle was great Kyle was no George
because Kyle had no personality but Kyle was like a little nazi
all the nazis all the time
but by the way both of Brian knows the money stuff first anymore and vision is gone and these
looks like carmen whatever happens to Jim Skyler too
let me stop that right in the middle because the problem in the sports and the news and the weather
wasn't i just talking to you about that this morning before it during that big nine to ten hour
the only it's a Louisville program director attempting to program a major market radio
with these long promos for the news and the weather it's like stir just michigan radio programming
tea
listen to
I close your list for a short while and then
It's always like a burning funny version
Josie got got got got got
He said I know by now
No one ever listens to that other track
It's the talent that keeps the place running
And the fact that song is on a child
The talent is me, the hours
And putting your fans to it up then I
tune it out
And let's do a candle hello
Hey when does Chad come on
It's the bong show
Hey when's Chad's coming on man
Suck on his pal
Here we're just rolling along singing the song
We were just doing our thing
And they can put on here whatever the hell they want
But the fact is that you can't treat people like dirt like garbage
You just keep using people and abusing people and screwing people over
That's my point
And if there was never any legitimate intention to promote the people over here
Do anything with us in the first place
That what that was the point all along
Other than just trying to fill the gaps in a dead radio station
Which is what WSU has been for a very very long time
Allong time
Even when there knows picking music
And their fractions
Their point five's
Their point eight's
And their point one's
And their point
Outs
Here's a
45M guilty of anything
It is of giving all that I have to have
All that I have to give
My penis
My buttocks
My lower torso
thighs
And any other error
That they wanted to help children all over the world
By the way speaking of Michael
Has anybody seen him where the hell is he now
He is on
On queer street right now
Thanks a lot Jason
Nice job man
How long did it take us to get that queer street line
From we were just a matter of moments
Just a matter of seconds and he said
But he is on queer street right now
And speaking of suds and rick
In that order necessarily
Here's one of the greatest
Messages ever left on anybody's answering machine
As suds is mom no less
Comments on their midday replacement
Listen to this flop that took your place
And I couldn't stand another day as that
Worth it
Sure
Ooooo
Okay
Nice one
Here's Miami
Hello
Phil
Yes sir
You're my yaggers
You're Jesus man
Is he
Hey
This dude at suds Coleman has
Does he like a Jesus potato head down
Because he does look like Mr. Potato Head
And I'm not sure they put all the parts on it
Or on the right place
Fast man
Fast
Yeah
Hey
This dude at suds Coleman has Mr. Spock tattooed on his
What he is and
On queer street right now
He screwed up that whole thing for me
Huh
He's screwed the whole deal up
Well you can use it though
You need that to be the promo now
And the answer is yes
And you ought to see the years man
They expand
Well that's another story
When
I'm
You'll try to put me down
And say
I'm
This is the
Night I get a call
I would be yesterday
Afternoon is Wednesday
Go to mommy's for lunch every Wednesday
And Hollywood
Okay I'm there
Everything's fine
Great lunch is usual
I go home
Phone rings a quarter to five
Quarter to five
Now yes
She's watching channel four which I never watch channel four because between four and five
Every day after guiding light I'm watching channel six news
With my good close personal friends Bob Silver and Barbara Sloan who was on this week over there
So anyway
Now a channel four just ran a promo they have something coming up about radio and they had a picture of me
And I'm in the promo and it's gonna be on the five o'clock news
And
It's already a quarter to five are you gonna be home?
I said y'all watch it
It's already a quarter to five like it's gonna take you probably a half hour at least to warm up your set to channel four
I mean what kind of a comment is that it's already a quarter to five
So you better start fiddling with your apparatus and make sure you get it over to channel four by five o'clock
Every time they have ever had me on any segment on anything
Well, I take that back except one
But any other like feature it's always been like a tease and it's always the last goddamn story
And I kept saying I had a couple of friends at house
I'm dying to leave for poppin O Park and I'm like
You know and now all of a sudden at about 20 after they start teasing it
And it's a thing about hot 105 and this new deal about well
FM stations are not staring to bring in shows from outside just like AM have done syndicated shows
And here's time joiner gonna be on hot 105 and all these
And I'm waiting and they tease it again a couple of times
555 the thing finally comes on
After they tease it like 75 times they always saved the best for last
And whose voice do we hear in the background little Bobby green our general man. We're here's little Bobby greens voice in the background
Then we see his push right at dinner time and
He's going on about well
You know, it's just a tremendous opportunity that we couldn't pass up
I mean to get a talent like time joiner
There's no way in the world that we could afford to have him in the local market
It would cost us millions of dollars to have time to and I'm thinking wait a minute hold it
Hold it based on what I mean he'd be the fly jock but he also blows you know what I'm saying there's nothing there
Why would anybody pay time joiner millions of dollars
And from what I understand they played a paid a pretty damn hefty chunk to a pipe in that show anyway
Now of course we see the people from hot 105 who are putting on their happy face for this because they want their job
And I'm not going to mention any names, but they know who they are and they're all like sucking about oh
Yeah, someday in my resume. I can say I always the co-host with Tom joiner
And there's somebody else that oh yeah, this is really great and meanwhile behind the scenes they all think it blows
And they all think Tom joiner blows and he does just uh just a guy
Just a black dude who's like you know flies back and forth or used to anyway. He's the fly jock and
He's a hot stuff according to him and he plays some music and he's super cool and got some real real cheap sound effects
And that's about it
And so what do they do then then they come on and they say
Well, and then there's me and I like the angle it looked like I was laying down in a prone position behind this
Thing here. I don't know what the hell that was all about it. It looked like he was laying on the floor
In fact now that I think about it the camera was like way down low. Remember that
You didn't have a tripod or something with it
I think he was on his hands and knees, but when you work a channel for you used to that a lot
I guess so anyway
He's done and he's like shooting me like and I'm sitting behind this day and looks like I'm laying back
I'm in a pro position and I'm saying the usual and how they managed to look out and get me talking about time
Joanne or how 105 I don't know because they only spent like two minutes on it
I'm a whole show so they must have been psychic and knowing I was gonna do that
But and basically and of course you know
Remember I was talking about
About all the sound effects that about how time joiners are so cheap and bad that it would pay me like 50,000 for
And I was going through and of course channel four would never show that because that's below their dignity
Channel four would never cut out right on the ear that we could hear maybe we could smell it, but we couldn't hear it
And then Tony cigaretteo and Jerry healthmen are going up
Ah that Neil boy and of course he's always ripping everything, but maybe someday he'll be syndicated all over the country too
And wouldn't that be something Neil just going crazy all over the country and certainly will be the top in conversation on his show tomorrow
And yada yada yada
Right Jerry right Tony
And he finally got Tony's a close train now you know that they put like a zoot suit on him now
You can't see that his pants are up to his armpits
But I mean that was really some much tremendous segment and some more great publicity for us here at w. I. O. D
I don't even know if the uh the call it is made it on there because they were shooting at such an angle
I think they made sure not to get the sign in the back which is only about 75 feet high that say w. I. O. D.
Six ten I think they made sure not to get that on there because they don't want to give us too much publicity
So to go back to Bill Costa again
I do want to say this that here was the one guy one guy
Who was not a phony like Tom joker or some of these others
But it was a real friend and like wrote a lot of like he where I remember one time years ago
He wrote a whole column about my UM
Baseball broadcast a whole column on a Sunday many years ago when I was still doing the games
And like several other times when the mood inspired him really just loved the show and was like
You know, we used to take jabs back and forth
But here was a guy who was a real guy and a great guy not a phony and a backstabber and all other
Which which after 18 years in this town. I can't tell you I have found too many of those
Okay, let's do braiding to hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I was going. Okay. Hey man
I called Ron runs for me and and I said you know the lady answered the phone and I said
She said what do you want to talk about and I said Neil Rogers
And she said oh, we're not talking about him on the air right and I said have you ever heard of Neil Rogers
And she said yeah, and I said he's hilarious isn't he?
And she said oh no comment and I said
No comment even off the air she has no comment. I said hey, I kind of bitch. I said hey have Ron and Ron ever heard of Neil Rogers
Yeah, and she said no and I said well he follows them
You know over here on us. What do you mean Ron and Ron have never heard of Neil Rogers? What kind of lying?
The stuff that crap is that I spurtied up that he said and I said well don't be ever listen to him
And she said they never listen to the radio and then I said well, you know probably because they're IQ
or solo they can't figure out how to turn the dialogue
And I said hey um
He follows them and she said well they couldn't have a better lead in
And I said yeah, and then I said well maybe
That's true. She said no Ron, Ron, Ron are better than stirring all stuff
Yeah right
I heard a first I mean their ego is pretty pretty big over there
Hey, I heard a first today over here on our she went. Yeah, you do in live commercial
You did it you did it's part over here today. No way for what?
For that drink you did earlier
Some sports drink or tea or sample you did it you did it
