Nice go Jennifer, speed it up, Fanzo or lose it forever, Pally.
News talk at Entertainment Radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD from Dade.
524 WIOD from Rowerd.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free.
1-800-944 WIOD.
Lock it in and hold it.
Old customers can call star IOD at no charge.
Cellular one customers can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, here's Neil Rogers, on News talk at Entertainment Radio, 610 WIOD.
Hey Neil, f**k you.
Yeah, you who party so must take it slow.
Protect your insides.
I don't say with even stills or grandmas or even Neil young.
Shrees your liver well.
Don't drink like hell.
It'll surely go bad.
Oh, please, just keep it clean.
It can't be fixed.
You'll need a donor.
Don't you ever party hard.
If you do, you could die or just wait in a long line.
Like a David Crosby.
So who's liver would you rather have David Crosby or Bing?
1207 at WIOD.
How about some Bing cherries would be good.
We have an open line in Broward 524 and I just have here in my hand.
Did you see this?
From this week's excess December 27th, this is a shocker maybe.
We better get some music for this.
From excess magazine, they have voted their villain of the year.
And I'll give you 85 guesses who it is.
And the first 84 and a half don't count.
Villain of the year, H. Wayne Huzinghi.
Suck it in and hold it.
Getting the facts straight on the Huzinghi myth it's it.
And what a great timing.
What they felt it was a bucket of crap.
Because this is on a day that the announcement about the scam
with the parking things and the orange passes at the game.
It's your Robbie Stadium.
It says the owned by David Villano.
Isn't that the guy that I spoke to that tried interviewing before?
And they practically threatened his life.
I do believe so.
And I was going David, you got a big beer.
Released used to.
The Miami Dolphins first regular season football game this year took place
on a cool, but evening early September.
Heavy rains mixed with a red clay of the infield used by the Florida Marlins baseball team.
Turning much of the playing service into a thick muddy stew.
Players lost their footing and both teams uniformed it up to the grubby, burnt orange hue.
Oh I like that the Anamata Pauya.
The game at times was just a messy, a veritable highlight reel of football follies.
From the press box above Joe Robbie Stadium, WIOD Radio Color commentator Jim Mandage,
himself and former Dolphin, criticized the poor playing conditions.
In a moment of frustration, managed, blamed the Marlins executive management
for refusing to allow the clay to be removed despite the lingering baseball strike.
Moments later during a commercial intermission, the door to the broadcast booth blew open.
In walked H Wayne Huzinghi and I'm, what does it say?
I'm nip a dent owner of the Dolphins, Marlins and Joe Robbie Stadium.
Mandage spun around and met Huzinghi's cold stare.
He didn't have time to greet the visitor with one of his form warm greetings like
you check ass.
Get your F in fact straight Huzinghi barked at Mandage piercing the air with his finger.
It was the Fing football people, not the baseball people who made the decision to leave the clay.
Witnesses it says were left dumb founded.
How do you like this?
Although the broadcasters were hardly shocked by the use of the F word,
some observers were struck by the point in irony of Huzinghi's violent dictum to get the facts straight.
Did that say dictum?
And you're killed.
No, I knew you were going to say that, that's bad.
You turd.
All right.
That is beautiful.
Anyway, it says former subordinates say they've been fired for the innocuous crime of speaking to the press.
This is a man who enforces a company wide gag order to well employees.
The man routinely ignores interview requests.
He's been accused of rudely side stepping his involvement in dubious business affairs
and his PR men have been known to harass journalists for probing too deeply into his background.
The facts it seems are the last thing Huzinghi will want the pubic to know.
Throughout 1994, excessively reported regularly on both Huzinghi's high profile activities,
as well as his behind the scenes deal making.
We reported on blockbuster successful efforts to force a pizza shop owner to change its name.
We told you about his involvement in a project developed by a downtown public park,
despite widespread public opposition,
and we explained the mounting environmental concerns posed by the blockbuster park entertainment complex.
But when we learned of Huzinghi's press box diet,
the inquiring minds at excess took his challenge to the heart.
To satisfy our reader's curiosity,
we thoroughly examined Huzinghi's past both personal and professionally,
and throughout our investigations, we did our darnedistic and our effing facts straight.
Without his cooperation, there was no simple task,
but we persevered confident of our findings.
We were left with one conclusion.
H. Wayne Huzinghi, the man who would be King of South Florida,
is the clear choice for excess magazines 1994 villain of the year.
Oh, I love it.
So pick up the excess.
The whole, it's a big, good thing.
The Gonsa, the Gonsa spieler.
Beautiful, nice going, Wayne, baby.
And how about a free orange parking pass?
So come on, who wants those tickets for the AFC Championship game?
Come on, let's go.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Am I on here?
It sounds like you.
Wow.
Or your tongue brother.
Oh, wow.
I'm just, my regard, I got a question about the leg you was on before talking about.
You know, this is not the guy who was stuttering, speaking air in words,
because you started, I think they may have rolled off on you, so the story is,
because I can't believe we're hunting on it.
Well, I can't believe what's to hurt such a rony as information.
My girlfriend tells me about the woman who's talking about the sex.
Yeah.
And when you get the little teddy bear with the honey.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's fine, but you don't want to go further in that,
because it can cause infections and whatnot.
Well, not only that, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, well, I can't wait to get a good use infection,
is by putting sugar on Uranus.
Or Mars or Venus.
But the bottom line of the whole thing is that, you know,
nobody really believes she's got any information.
They're just going to get hot and horny listening to it.
Does that make sense?
She's giving her listeners a lot of their ronies information.
It doesn't sound nice.
And probably shows a lot of disease.
That's W-I-O-D.
We are the disease.
Oh, my goodness.
We are the community disease.
Just ask Bill Southmouril, and they'll tell you.
Well, the disease is extending it.
I tell you that.
She is extending it.
In fact, again.
Now, seriously, and for all you uncircumcised guys,
and in this town, we've got just loads and loads.
If I can say that, of those guys, definitely not a good idea.
They've already got a tough enough time keeping a cheese out of there.
And the suggesting pouring honey all over that, forget it.
Well, I love cheese.
I have nothing against cheese.
That sounds like you got a muscle right now.
It's a honey question.
Because, you know, when you've got that,
when you've got that the foreskin, and you've got the honey on there,
I wouldn't be surprised that it worked like crazy glue.
Oh, my God.
You'll never rule that thing back again.
That turtle never gets out of there again.
You must have an HD to come in here before you're sex.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I tell you it was just plate and everything.
Yeah.
Champagne, a little champagne, just to tell you what's like the champagne.
I mean, unbelievable.
Well, I think the champagne, she said.
I thought we fit with, say, take it up your ass.
Maybe she was just talking about the cork.
Well, I'm glad that she's impressed you and have a great life
and don't get the honey, Junior.
We have an open line today.
Yeah, that honey business, that's, I mean,
they have all of those different scented lotions and potions
and stuff like that.
Paddy's place.
They advertise that.
The lotions and potions and lobes and tubes,
scented strawberry, different flavors.
But not honey.
Honey is a very sticky substance.
And if there's going to be a very sticky substance involved in sex,
that isn't the one that generally we think of.
See, I can't say that.
I just did, but I can't say that because that makes it dirty.
But if she speaks like this and she talks with that kind of,
you notice how she's got that very affected tone?
She is going to be great.
I'm not knocking her.
I don't want to, you know, oh, you's knocking her.
No, not at all.
But she does this pseudo intellectual just a little bit
and then she says crap.
You know, so if you say crap,
or if you take one and it's sue,
it would be like if the queen takes a dump.
Nobody is going to say, oh, that's vulgar,
that the queen took a dump.
It had like an air of beauty around it.
It was sophisticated, a sophisticated dump
because it was the queen that left it.
If the queen like farted in an elevator,
oh, isn't that a lovely scent?
Because it was the queen or God forbid the queen mother.
1215 at your over hormone station, WIOD.
Some things in life are easy to describe.
Like the way Madonna looks at five in the morning,
the stadium the morning after a night game,
and a hangover after too much tequila.
But how do you describe the Phil Hendry Show
on 16 WIOD?
Send your answers to WIOD, Miami-33141.
And in the meantime, imagine turning on a night light,
rolling over to see the Phil Hendry Show.
2-6 PM Monday through Saturday.
On News Talk and Entertainment Radio,
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
Entertainment for you, paychecks for us.
Oh, Neil, my queen, God.
WIOD.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
Full power, then, I'll present it, man.
I'm the most powerful God-day man in the world.
So, will the Corrosion burgers are made out of people?
No.
Six for never.
And to get that taste of smell out of your system.
While 86% of newborn boys in this cup are circumcised,
the procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia.
I have no pre-pure.
I'm going to eat it.
No, I'm not.
There's God, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
I will not patronize blockbuster or any other company that perpetuates this kind of behaviour.
You jackass.
You're hurting God.
It's me again.
He's an orange on provaculture.
Oh, yeah.
Don't have a bone spot on him.
He's a hile, eh?
I know that the Thorne Eat the Lugger Neorotches.
Father of the Lord, God.
Neil, God.
Oh, yes, they're Mary Comperch.
Neil, God.
Just a lick of it.
How's that hand job?
Something long, John?
Ah, you have no peace.
I don't do my job as well when I'm childhood.
It isn't that.
It's great radio.
I am that hemorrhage.
Do we have a longer cord than a piece of crap?
Look at this.
Look how short this damn thing is.
I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his ass.
Oh, Neil.
This place operates like a freaking nut house.
It really does.
I want to be left a freak alone, OK?
I'm in and mine, but since you've got a fourth of a man to look ridiculous.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, God.
Neil, God.
Oh, she dips their fayon.
They're doing that crap again out there.
God.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, God.
Neil, God.
More power than Neil.
President, say, man, I'm the most powerful God damn man in the world.
I'm so losing correction.
You know, I remembered Brian Sipes name this morning after much constipation with D-4.
It just, it makes me almost feel that I know something about something, not much.
That was, that was a shocker.
You know, these guys, these punks that think they know something.
He wouldn't know when Elliot from a stew Elliot.
It's 11, 12, 120 already.
God, this thing is flying by the man.
Just a matter of moments, it'll be time to go to the bank and put that big check in there.
How's James doing, by the way?
He's still pumping it?
Probably after hearing Aaron Summers, he's getting going.
I got another facts from Greg, by the way, for those who are keeping track.
Oh, Greg, get a life.
And also he's going on about how he spelled all right and already with two L's.
And now, of course, he's corrected that.
But he does say, he says, I'm not, I am not a typical freeloader that calls and asks for something for free.
Grammatically, that's incorrect.
It would be who calls, not that calls.
People cannot be that.
I am a person that, no, you're a person who got it?
Okay, you're working on it, Greg. He's getting there.
Probably was educated in Florida. In fact, he says he was. That explains it.
But we do have this awesome educational system in America.
Just ask Steve Patterson. He's a product of it.
As an, oh, here's Boka. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil. How you doing?
It's a God.
How you doing, Scott? Good. How are you?
How the hanging, baby?
Pretty good.
I just wanted to call and tell you that the Patriots are the best.
And I lived in Boston for 11 years.
And they took you out of there?
Yeah, they had to, I had to move down here and walk in the suckiest office.
How depressing to happily Boston, man.
Although this weekend's going to be quarter-nall hell up there.
It's going to be bad.
Oh, yeah, but it's fun out there, man.
It is fun out there.
You got real living and breathing people up there.
All those colleges, all those universities, all those great institutions of learning and yearning.
And like, it's a real place with real people.
Yeah.
And great restaurants and great ambiance and history and Paul Revere and all that crap.
It's a great island, Boston.
Yeah, Boston's great.
And Drew Bletsville, man, I'll tell you with the next five years, he's going to make everybody forget about Danny Moreno.
Oh, I guarantee you that right now.
Danny's great, but Drew Bletsville is smash-a-roll.
I'm going to make all the records for him, and then Bletsville is just going to break them.
That's right.
That's right.
You got it.
And guess what else?
Yes.
The pride of going to any Patriots again.
Why is that?
I don't know.
They didn't want to go all the way out to Foxboro.
Yeah.
Yeah, I really suck.
So I was a pretty sad commentary that an area like Boston where they, I mean, that they sold out all the games before the season started.
And an area like this with four million people that there were many games with big chunks of empty seats.
That's some commentary on this town.
That's terrible.
Yeah.
But my dad, his birthday is coming up, and I was wondering if I could get those tickets to the conference.
Well, listen, Scott, wish him a happy birthday for me, okay?
All right.
And have a great new year.
Right.
See ya.
Nice try, Scott.
Scott's a good guy.
You know, something that might be the Patriots and the dolphins in that game.
Scott and his dad would have a great time.
Damn it, I blew it.
Should have given him a Scott, but I didn't.
That would have been a good, not a nice thing to do.
But then he had a head two guys rooting for the Patriots there and that they would have turned on me.
I guarantee you, we got plenty of people in this audience that hope the dolphins get pasted this Saturday.
That are wishing that they just get blown right away, huh?
There's nothing to get worse than, that's what Aaron Summers said.
Get the honey, Danny.
Wonder if Brian Cox is going to be a calm, Danny, honey.
Probably right after the game.
Or maybe that's Mande's for confusing them.
You jackass.
Okay, where are we going next?
Two, I don't know what to do about those tickets to be honest with you.
That was a nice try, Scott.
Here's Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, you leaving me hanging here.
Am I?
Yeah.
Hey, I want to tell you I'm staying with my sister-in-law.
You know what does that mean?
I'm leaving you hanging.
Well, I've been on the phone since Hector was a pup.
Yeah.
Stay with my sister-in-law and then follow it down in Lauderdale.
Yeah.
I got to tell you this memo.
You know, talking about parking down by Joe Robbie.
Let me say about parking here.
We made the mistake of a backing in and we received a letter saying.
Didn't you hear what Erin just said on it?
Tate, we played Never Back In.
That's right.
Well, I learned that.
When in doubt back out, but don't ever back in, she said.
Well, we may not back in or drive away.
We must pull in frontwards.
Wow.
Always pull in frontwards.
There you go.
That's good work to live by.
So anyway, a couple more days and then we'll be released, I think, for bad behavior.
Yeah.
We'll be able to go back to sunny Austin.
Oh, you're going to Austin?
Aha.
Well, that's not a bad place.
I'd never been there, but I hear it's like a bastion of almost the modern thinking, almost.
Well, now the Republicans won.
That's going to change.
Yeah, probably.
Same thing.
Coast to coast.
So under any circumstances, don't give me the tickets.
Okay.
You got it.
We have an open line in Broward.
524, I just want to please.
That's where we're here.
We aim to please.
That's what Erin know.
We said, aim to please.
Squared, Squared.
Peter and Earth was there for his pupil.
He gets high marks right up about that high.
1224 WIOD just below the ceiling up there.
Where we gone to a South Miami, he said, hello.
And honey, I miss you.
It's a.
Bobby Goldblum.
I was going to say Glenn Campbell.
I always get Bobby Goldblum, Glenn Campbell confused.
It's Bobby.
How he'd heard from Bobby in a long time as a matter of fact since he got stuck at honey.
That's all I wanted to say.
I've waited for half hours just to sing that song.
Beautiful job, pal.
How do you like Erin?
Not bad.
There you go.
I'm going in the bathroom right now.
Okay, go wipe the smile on the head.
Let's see.
Okay.
Go wipe off.
We have an open line indeed.
751.
Let's hear a little more of that Erin Summers, George.
One more.
That's worthwhile.
Woman, I'm going to be real honest with you.
Everybody has limitations in some way, shape, or form.
Some limitations.
We can see.
We can hear other limitations.
We can't.
I think you just need to have more.
Yeah, confidence in yourself.
When you go up to a woman's God, just be yourself.
You know, there is a good woman to approach.
You really?
Somebody who's making eye-conquering.
It's not a good idea.
When you go up, don't try to say, you know, I'll pick up line.
Be yourself.
Just say hello.
And a good sense of humor doesn't hurt either.
I think Rick is your only chance.
Don't even worry about the stuttering.
Just, you know, have self confidence and just go for it.
You're going to find the right gal.
I have no doubt about that.
Good luck, Scott.
Well, you talk about...
I have a son out with this girl probably five or even one.
Okay.
Two years later, he gets engaged to her.
This is your friend.
Right.
And then they break it off.
Mm-hmm.
She and I never had sex.
We had, you know, some good oral sex and things like that.
Right.
But she's coming down here.
Wait, what does that mean?
We never had sex.
We had some good oral sex.
They never had intercourse.
See, this is one of the things.
We need Joyslin elders in it.
Joyslin, Joyslin, Juslin, what, Juslin, whatever her name is.
Royslin.
You know, sex is sex, okay?
And that's one of the things that people don't understand.
That's why these young people are out there doing the old in-out all the time.
Because they don't understand there's other ways to do it.
And of course, if she was any kind of a bitch, which she's not,
she'd be telling people that.
Now, let's see what she tells her, okay?
Basically, you know, she talked to me about it.
And she's wanting to sleep with me.
Now, is it odd for me?
She's been in sex either way.
How should I feel about going out now with his ex Beyonce?
How good are friends of the two of you?
How should I feel about it?
Oh, God.
We're pretty deep in the matter.
That's like that old line about the doctor.
The guy goes in and the doctor's offices, hey, Doc, how do I feel?
I mean, what is that?
How should I feel?
Feel this, pal.
Just recently, a few days ago, I found out that right after I found out,
I think, I told you about the girl that I was seeing after I moved out.
Oh, my God.
And a hole like that, who needs enemies, huh?
But see, he didn't sleep with her.
He didn't sleep with that.
No, just that sex, you don't need to sleep.
You don't have to feel that in a separate room.
Even though they're broken up now or...
Well, I mean, if you, okay, first off, if you get together with her,
I mean, it would be strictly for sex, or do you see the possibility
there might be a renewed friendship or relationship?
More than likely, just sex.
For my looking at it, I don't know how he's talking about it.
All right.
All right.
If you do sleep with her and it's only going to be sex.
Forget the sleeping butt.
If your friend is going to be upset by this.
Because there's a good chance he will find out.
Yeah.
He would probably be upset, especially since he turned this other person out.
How big is your friend?
That's the obvious question.
Can you beat the little crap out?
And that's the problem.
And if he was any kind of friend.
I think you're praying with fire to ruin her friendship between you and this guy.
If you called in tonight, Steve, and you're out one on it.
So what if he wanted me to be a friend with this guy as you want to get away?
That's the obvious question.
Why did he go in front of the girl?
To go for it?
Right.
He was a good friend of one of my friends.
That's right.
I think number one, he will find out.
Where's the line about a cheering experience?
That's where it's at.
That's where it's at.
I'll just stay away.
There's other women that you can have a sexual relationship down here.
I'll look at you for a picture.
Or of course there's always sex with yourself.
And there's certainly nothing wrong with that.
But have a good time with her.
But stay out of her drawers.
That's what I would say.
Yeah.
But as far as her chest and her bureau, that's okay.
What was that?
We had great oral sex, but we didn't have sex.
I get out of here already.
Where?
Jesus.
Get the honey.
I'm going to be a great junior.
Okay.
Let's do a little break here while everybody recovers now.
Like I said, she's going to be great, but it's obvious.
She hasn't got any idea what she's talking about.
So while you guys and women, if you want advice, forget about it.
But if you want to get titillated, this is definitely going to be the show for you.
1229 and she's got a great ass in WIOD.
1233 at WIOD.
Happy Thursday to you.
Boy, it's getting pretty close again.
Not tomorrow.
Is the office open tomorrow or not?
We don't know.
I doubt it.
Because here's another great opportunity, but I'm not going to say too much because we got
Monday off.
Oh, I love it.
I love these long bustman holidays and they can take all the days off they want.
I don't think there'll be too much of a crowd here tomorrow.
And then of course Saturday and Sunday and Monday.
But Rick and Sots will be back on Monday morning and won't that be a little slap into
push when they find out there.
The only ones working live that day.
What a bad break.
But Rick's tickets.
I will leave them in his box, though, for Monday morning, even though the game is Saturday.
I still have heard nothing about that.
He is a moron.
He really is.
I want to make it official right now.
Rick Riley could be the dumbest man on the face of the earth.
I'm walking around and I don't like it.
I can lose those tickets.
They can get burned in a fire.
I mean, it's anything going to happen to him.
And once they're gone, it's not like, oh, well, I will replace him for.
We know they're your seats.
Forget it.
Once they're gone, they be gone.
I think we should give him away today because he's not making any real effort.
That Mark production mark.
He's not here today.
He sure won't be here tomorrow.
So what the hell is he talking about?
Mark's going to bring him up to him.
Forget it, Rick.
There are history, maybe.
Your dead meat and your tickets are gone.
Who wants them?
Here's a crawl springs.
Hello?
Hello?
Crawl Springs.
They'll listen to the radio.
They got it cranked up.
Probably the air in summer shows what they do to him.
Hello?
Well, bring the listen to the radio.
Look at that.
Everybody that was on hold, ran to the john.
Hello?
Look at that.
Everybody that was on hold, ran to the john.
Time tunnel.
This is good.
Time tunnel, a crawl springs.
Asshole.
And I was going to give them Rick's tickets too.
Bad break.
Maybe that was Rick.
Open line in Broward 5249463-524-WYOD.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
Hello, North Miami.
Hello, it's back to you.
Hey, listen.
You guys are going to have a new show there with the air in check.
Is that right?
With the air in bitch.
Yeah, I would say.
Man, that sounds like it's just going to be an audio-rich lake show to me.
Oh, get out of here.
Rikki, Lake.
I think she just got a bunch of trailer park trash on that show.
She just got a bunch of Yahoo's staging all these fake arguments, back screaming, back
and forth.
Oh, when I was young, you did bad things to me.
And you didn't care about me.
And now that I'm old and disgusting.
And this, uh, forget it.
She got the 18 year old wife that's married to the five year old kid and the 85 year old
man.
That's Mary and her daughter, Mookie and the Mookie's Mookie.
They called in.
Listen.
Oh, how to heck with it in any way.
I'm not going to.
That's what I say.
I, uh, I've never heard.
I've been told about the tape that you have about the guy drives a car around.
It's an asshole.
He does all sorts of weird things on the highway.
I've never heard that thing.
You still have it active?
Do I have it active?
Yes, it's still in the engine.
It's like a yeast infection.
It's still active.
Yeah, it's in there.
I might, if I feel real good, I might play that.
Well, you'd certainly make my day.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Have a great day.
You too.
Happy New Year.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
You all come back.
The year.
Open line and date.
He must be from Taylor Michigan.
I hope Dick still listening.
He's the only one in America knows what Taylor's all about.
That's where they got that big economy-sized jar of gasoline on top of the old TV, baby,
with the rabbit ears.
And they multiply like rabbits in Taylor Michigan.
You see, I don't understand that.
How can there be red necks up north?
We were talking about this the other day.
They're red necks, but they live in the north.
But then when you really stop and analyze what this country's all about, like in New
York State, people think people from New York are all like New York City.
They type people and they're not.
Because people from like as soon as you get up, I would say north of Yonkers.
Forget it.
Like in Utica and Schenecto, in Albany and Rochester and Binghamton and Cornie and
Ithaca and Lawrence and Lee Roy.
Who wants to go to an F and D.
It's cool anyway, Lee Roy.
And places like that.
They're farmers.
They're mostly farmers.
And you go to Iowa and Nebraska and Kansas and North and South Dakota and Montana and
Wyoming and Utah.
Well, Utah's the difference.
They're more more more mons.
But like in all those others, I guess what?
They're farmers.
Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana.
They're farmers.
There's nothing but a big bunch of freaking farmers in this country and how much different
is farmers from red necks when you come right down to it.
They're farmers, man.
There's big city slickers and there's farmers and then there's people from Nashville.
OK.
There's no sense of getting your sighted about if that's America for it and that's why
it's in the shape that it's in today.
Just ask Old Newt.
Here's Miami Lakes on a powered line.
New.
Desperate, yes.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
Hey, about that, everyone.
Yeah.
One sexy hot thing.
She is a hot number, man.
Hey, he's got the hottest ass.
He's so hot.
Yeah.
Boy, it sounds to me like you're just on the edge.
Hey, hey, or maybe over the edge.
I can't wait to get home.
Yeah.
Well, the tent of the sale on wet naps is going to really be going up pretty good.
Yeah.
And about that, honey.
Yeah.
It works, but you have to try lick a pet.
Lick a pet.
Yeah, something sexy on North Miami.
Yeah.
They sell lick a pet.
You have to try it.
Lick a pet?
Lick a pet.
Lick it?
Yeah.
Start licking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sounds like a voice of experience to me.
Hey, man.
Yeah.
We do it all the way.
Do it.
Hey, by the way, I'm a big dealer fan.
We're going all the way this year.
Yeah.
I'll be sure to bring that lick a pet when you do.
And what about?
Yeah, Mike Tom's that he's not too bad.
Mike Tom's that yeah, I rather him than an old Donald.
There you go.
Oh, Donald's sucks.
Mike might let you lick him.
Oh, Donald's sucks, but Mike looks.
OK, good luck to you, pal.
OK, take a seat.
Yeah, lick a pet.
See, lick this.
So all of a sudden, this errand summer, she hasn't even started it.
And she started this whole new deal now,
like she invented it with all kinds of like,
saves and potions, like that's something
new that she just discovered.
See, basically, her show is informational
and it's misinformation for retarded people.
For people who are like very inhibited
and have no idea what anything in life is all about.
Like the woman who wanted to have an orgasm.
What the hell makes her think that women are entitled
to have orgasms anyway?
What is she, some kind of a smart ass?
Boy, talk about a possessive obnoxious manipulative
bitch.
Here's the lady in the South Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
How are you?
I'm great.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
I'm 1995.
It's almost here.
Hi.
Those years just keep rolling and rolling and rolling along.
So remind me, I feel like I'm getting old.
And we keep getting older and older.
And everybody we knew is dying and it's really great.
Well, good joy.
Yeah.
Especially down here.
Yeah.
In fact, that's one of the great hobbies
done here is reading your bitch worries every day.
It's a lot of fun.
It takes a lot of time.
It's good when you're eating your breakfast.
It gives them the do.
And then you see like they were 110 and 97.
Oh, god.
I got a long way to go.
I'm just a queen ageer.
Exactly.
Well, I am a teenager, basically.
I'm going to be 25.
Oh, just a young thing.
I'm still a pup, I guess.
Well, then we apologize for playing
that ear and summer's because your young tender ears
are much, much too young for hearing that stuff.
And my virgin ears, oh my goodness.
I do have a shameless request that I've
been trying to get from you all week long.
For you, anything?
She talks to Guido's?
She talks to Guidos.
Haven't played that in the coons age, you know?
Hello.
And it's ready to fire right now.
Oh, thank you so much.
We got Guido in the oven right now.
Thank you.
Have a great one.
You too.
See you.
Bye bye.
Wasn't she nice?
That was like a breath of air.
Like I said, like, now what is with this thing?
Oh, I know what it is.
I did that.
I screwed it up because I did that little wah-ha thing.
And I screwed this thing off.
So it's my fault, honey.
And I apologize profusely.
Is that it?
Oh, one thing about this DCS, man, when you screw with it,
it screws right back.
Kind of like you're in summer's.
But she does have a great dance.
They're good on you, guys.
She talks to guys with lousy diction.
Hey, honey, can I buy you a drink?
Vinny Guido Joe.
We did.
Hey, Joey Dade, that's a me.
He asks, how do you come here off of us?
What's the babe like you're doing in a balls up joint
like this?
Can I get you a drink on me?
Hey, don't mind that.
A sore on my lip.
It's temporary, you know what I mean?
Yeah, it'll go away.
You know, you're beautiful, babe.
I like that fish neck skirt.
That's a beautiful.
You remind me of my mom, you're a bloodshot eyes.
He got to be now.
Right back, sweet.
You're just going to drain the drag.
Where's his chinos?
We're too tight.
Oh, yeah.
But don't all look good.
It breaks out a lot of fifties when the jack comes.
Yeah, I'm in the union.
Then expects her to spend the night.
What do you mean, no?
What do you mean?
That's she talks to Guido's.
Come on, honey.
They all have fancy gold chains.
Come on, sweetie, I'll show you a bit more.
Oh, yeah, that's she talks to Guido's.
Come on, baby.
I'll look and now, brang.
Oh, you mean no, brang.
Who said that?
Hey.
That's she talks to Guido's.
Come on, let's point.
That he's wise to get by.
Hey, where are you?
Oh, yeah, she talked with Guido's.
That's she's always in the dream.
Hey, honey, where you going?
Come back, sweet.
Shut up.
God damn it.
1242, a WI-DU.
That's what Madden should have said when Wayne Hussie came
in at Booth on that, that was really something.
I think that was the first game of the year.
Was it not, I believe so, first and second game of the season?
And that in temperate behavior at a part of H Wayne,
well, get your F&F-Stray.
What a classy guy, you know what?
What a classy guy, boy.
See, these people, what really pissed them off
is they are used, they're so used to people
muckling under them because he's got a lot of money.
And then we came along with our smart ass attitude
and with the sisters who've got more money
than Hill ever dream of seeing.
And we said, poof to you, Wayne.
And they don't like that.
They hate it.
They hate us.
They hate it, et cetera.
And that's pretty pissed off about it too.
They're pissed off.
That's why Wayne was sitting next to Brian Cox
on the sideline the other night in that game.
He was sitting right next to Brian.
He said, Brian, you pissed off me.
That I saw right there.
It's all mine.
I'm pissed off.
Let's just get pissed off together.
Oh, man.
Or like you said in a bit, remember what it said
in the beginning of network?
The two old friends got properly.
Now see, we can't say that.
They got properly pissed off without the off.
Well, if you're English, you can say it
because it means drunk.
Oh, they got properly pissed in the English style.
Yeah.
Well, there are a lot of English things that, uh,
oh, as a matter of fact, I was, I'm glad you mentioned that
because I was getting gas in my shell stage
the other day and I'm staying, oh, what are you going to do?
They noticed how they have those little, um,
TV screens now where they have those stupid little,
uh, they run little commercials while you're pumping it.
I don't want to see no spots while I'm pumping it.
But on the, on the actual nozzle, it says, do not top off,
danger.
Uh, uh, what does it say?
Dangerous spillage may occur.
And of course, you know, which spewage, uh,
as in squirt, squirt because the British top off is like
turning Japanese as Dr. Joyce Lennelders would say,
that's math, debate and see, we have to list it because
otherwise, uh, do not top off dangerous spillage may occur.
So when you go to the shell station, definitely keep your
hands on the, uh, nozzle.
It's 1245 at WIOD.
The holidays are here in good old ponytail.
Jeff Cohen, who's just like a bad penny,
keeps showing up over and over again.
Jeff Cohen and the pizza loft catering,
and division are back in action.
They're ready to help you with your next office party,
get together with ideas and the best tasting Italian specialties
in town with prices as low as four and a half bucks per person
and delivery anywhere in Dave County.
It just makes sense to call Jeff at the loft during this holiday season.
I was just there.
It says, was I just there?
Well, not that long ago, we remember it like it was yesterday,
right?
Ross, you bet, Jose and the food is still great.
It's simple.
When you're ready to step up to the flavor of great tasting
at a, a trial in food, you're ready to step up to the pizza
loft.
Easy to get there.
If you know where to look, just east of the Palmetto at the corner of
69th and Flagler, for 19 years, Jeff Cohen and his personal weight staff
have been doing it.
They've been working hard, really, really hard to make sure you come back
again and again and again and again and again and again.
And recently, the mommy Harold said the pizza loft is definitely worth a
drive.
Well, why do they keep putting the same old stuff in his copy?
I'm starting to get really parked off about that.
Not much of a party tellers to lack of anything.
However, the important thing is they'll be open new year's eve and new
year's day.
How do you like that?
New year's eve, which is tomorrow night, Saturday night.
Why are you nodding?
Yes, tomorrow night is not new year's eve.
Saturday night.
What?
I'm brand-aid.
Like I said, they'll often be open Saturday night and Sunday, new year's eve and
new year's day.
So, spring into the new year, spring back, fall ahead, fall on this at the pizza
loft called 2665111 69th and Flagler upstairs, if Jeff will, twist for the new year.
Quick just with the doctor ordered, Marino and Montana.
It's the NFL's premiere game this playoff weekend and you'll hear all the
actions starting a noon Saturday on the Dolphin Express, Dolphins and Chiefs, Montana
and Marino, D-Fo and Bocaper.
Saturday, a news talk and entertainment radio, 16WYOD, 16WYOD.
We don't let music ruin your fun.
Neil, go!
Yes, I am.
Ladies, for the last three years, you've probably been wondering what happened to your
favorite Latin Trubidor, Julio Iglesias, while he's gone to med school.
And now...
Two older girls I've a good love before.
He's Dr. Julio Iglesias, OB-GYN.
I've had you on your back, your feet up in the rack, two old-eggs I've gloves before.
Dr. Julio Iglesias, OB-GYN coming soon to a clinic near you.
Sports court.
1249 at WYOD.
How's Jake doing, by the way?
How's Matt?
Hey, Matt, how you doing?
How's Shondo and having seen him at the track lately?
I sure hope he didn't get absconded with by, you know who?
On the fourth floor.
We have an open line on the purple line at Pound IOD, excuse me, and went on the green
line at 1-800.
That's cellular one line, man.
That's going to be the bone, the Bain of our existence in the future after Saturday.
We're losing in case you join us late to Bell Soff...
And we didn't just make this up, any of us.
Bell Soff mobility is yanking in on us because they don't want to be associated with WYOD.
They don't want us to have a Bell Soff mobility line.
Couldn't we just have it and not say that?
No, they don't want anything to do with us.
They find us to be disgusting and grotesque and decadent and nauseating and perverted,
which is what everybody out there likes, but they don't like that.
So I say, put to them.
Here is Dear Field.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
Great.
First time caller, long time listener.
All right.
Yeah, I got to tell you.
Tell me.
Three weeks ago.
74-year-old man runs a red light.
Yeah.
Total's my car.
Puts me in the hospital.
I see you for four days with five broken ribs.
Yeah.
And a torn spleen.
Maybe Dick Pertons got Dr. Jack's phone number.
It sounds like you're ready.
Yeah.
Well, I'm watching the Kansas City game and I'm telling them, don't give me the
demo.
We're all till five minutes into the fourth quarter.
I had tickets for the game.
Yeah.
Neil, I got to go to the game.
Can you help me out?
Can you help me out?
For old times sake.
I do for old times sake.
Remember the line in the Godfather?
Is it can you help me out time?
For old times sake?
And Tom says, can't do it, Sally.
We have an open line on the Rowered Line.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, one on a green line.
But can I help him out with what?
What is that man?
What?
I don't have tickets for the Kansas City game.
The tickets that I do, oh, I forgot.
I got Rick Riley's tickets right here.
Seriously, if I don't have a call from Rick Riley by one o'clock, which is nine minutes
from now and during the one to two hour, I'm giving away his tickets for the Kansas City
to often game on Saturday.
I am not going to continue walking around in this position of not having any idea.
I mean, seriously, you talk about it and consider it.
I know the guys on vacation, but he's in town.
And he called yesterday, I put him on the air right on the heels of that poor woman with
a daughter that his brain is bleeding all over the table.
You know, and she wants to damn tickets.
He wouldn't give it.
He's a cheap skater is what he is.
He wouldn't know a football from a Salami sandwich in this Rick Riley and all of a sudden
he's a big football fan.
Probably going to scalp him is what it's all about.
Free loader, although he did pay for him.
I'll say that.
They are his tickets.
But even so, like I said, the next eight minutes and twenty seconds, if he don't get
on a stick, he's going to be sitting out there at the tailgate party on his tail.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I've never listened to you before and I've never called before and I'm really surprised
at how good the show is.
It is.
What do you mean you're surprised at how good it is?
Well, I mean, I never, you know, you think of A.M. you don't think of very good.
Exactly.
Here is a man who's got an IQ bigger than his member size.
A.M. radio generally sucks.
It's like a dinosaur.
It's from the dark ages.
And most people who are like living and breathing, which is the audience that we strive for, they
don't even know from A.M.
Right.
How old are you, sir?
16.
16.
And you've lived here all your life?
Yep.
And you've never listened to this station before?
No.
I haven't.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, I know.
And I congratulate you on the stand and the dolphins because they really suck.
They blow.
They make me sick.
What's your team?
The team Washington Redskins.
Oh, man.
Well, I'll tell you one thing that the...
At least they have integrity.
That Gus Farat was exciting for a couple of weeks until he decided he sucked and they
put his shoulder back and quarter back.
But at least they had other little excitement there.
And they did win a game.
Right there at the end.
Just what everybody was ready to bury them.
They won a game, which was very exciting.
Are you giving away those tickets yet?
If I give them away?
Yeah.
You think that just because you called and sucked around, I'm going to give away tickets.
I'm...
Fuck around.
I work in a fister and I'm a complacent high school student and I'm wondering if you've
given away tickets.
Yeah, but you just want to go there and root against the dolphins, which is almost enough
to make me give them to you.
Yeah.
But I don't think so.
But have a great new year pal.
You too.
Hang on tight.
How do you like that?
There's a good guy.
Just see, I wish that...
Now, who was it yesterday?
He was telling me about the Terevella was a caller.
Remember he was in a car and his kids...
He had a bunch of kids as son and his friends from Terevella and they're all 14 years old
and they said, turn on IOD and shut up because we want to hear Neil.
See, the kids in this town, they love this show, but it's like another closet thing.
It's a closet thing.
And even those kids at Plantation High, including the one or two punks that stand on my street
corner who are going to get really nailed after the new year, by the way, that one asshole
that kid with a bicycle.
I'm going to run his ass over and be proud of it and stand there and just look down at
the body and do a dance in the street.
But those kids love this show.
Most of those kids are afraid to admit it though because then their friends are going to
say, target.
Stuff like that.
And they probably are little packets anywhere their friends.
So let me make a special dedication, by the way.
I'm the big swish to Chesterfield Queen, new choice of the bags of America.
Oh, it reminds me.
I saw Jay Heiler in a parking lot this morning and I said, Jay, Jay, you're getting married
to that needle nose bitch over there that Jessica Aguirre and he said, yes, I am.
And man, there was a line behind him.
I understand those seriously.
We gave him a lot of heat on the show yesterday.
I hear all the guys, especially the news guys, the Channel 7 are behind him.
She wasn't wearing her engagement.
Did you hear what I just said?
I said, all the people who all the guys at Channel 7 are behind Jay.
Closely.
I heard it.
Okay, what is it?
She wasn't wearing her engagement ring all day yesterday.
So we're safe.
Thorth of the big diamonds.
Maybe her girlfriend got up that just a joke, Jessica.
It's just a little joke.
You know how these rumors get started?
Maybe Jay's boyfriend got upset.
I'm sorry.
Jay Heiler and Jessica Aguirre.
That's like an Erica Strata marriage.
That's like a David Cassidy marriage.
Remember how long those deals lasted?
Long enough for somebody to make a baby.
Maybe Jessica can have Rick Sanchez's baby.
Oh God.
Man.
One thing easy about his baby, they probably slip right out.
Anyway, it's $12.55.
You don't need any honey for that.
Oh, geez.
What a thought.
Do you think he circumcised?
I sure doubt it.
Rick Sanchez, let's hope not.
Let's go to a deer field.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Explain something to me.
What is it?
Now, I own two dogs, a German Shepherd Golden Retriever.
Yes.
And if one of my neighbors comes over and goes,
Hey, you're a Golden Retriever, crapped in my yard.
And I go, get your facts straight.
It was a German Shepherd.
What's the big deal?
It's still crap.
Right.
That's right.
Crap is crap no matter what.
That's a very good point.
And since he owns both teams anyway, the Marlins and the Dolphins,
what differences does it make?
Wayne?
Yeah, that's what I don't understand.
Butt head.
Well, maybe someday we'll get our facts straight.
I don't want to lay a heavy load on his
agenda because there are a lot of other owners, but just keep in mind.
He gave us the Dolph, he gave us the Marlins, he gave us the Panthers.
And now both of those teams are in limbo perpetually and may never ever play again.
You know, everybody was playing until Wayne stuck his finger in things.
And from what we hear, he's one of the most adamant of the owners and a real major
butt plug and detriment to any solution.
And now we got no hockey and no baseball.
So thank you so much, Santa.
And don't forget, and all that Wayne, you did give us a crappy field that day too.
Right.
This is yours also.
You suck Wayne.
Have a great New Year, pal.
Now, was that Bo Camper?
I think so.
Kim like sucks up to Wayne at the game, but on the air, you know, a different story when
he's doing a voice.
We have an open line.
It's in Dave County 7519463 751 W I O D. Don't forget James, by the way, we don't
aren't him to be lonely.
He's over there by that Chevron station right, Kitty corner by Chris, Chris, Chris
be cream.
And that he gave us about 85 buildings.
So if you can't put your finger on where he is now, just go back home and forget it.
167th Street, 163rd, whatever it is, okay.
And Northeast 6th Avenue there by that Chevron station.
He's over there right now looking for a free ticket and peddling those Nebraska sucks
t-shirts.
And if we had any real hurricane fans in this town, see, that's the thing that I find
very distressing about this town.
And you know, being a Spartan myself and hating everything about hurricane sports as I do,
I'm not going to pretend to be a bad wagon jumper there, but I will say this since
allegedly everybody in this town, everybody within a hundred miles of it is now a big
hurricane, bad wagon jumping fan.
How come everybody doesn't show up at the Orange Bull on Sunday wearing one of those
Nebraska sucks t-shirts?
Then you'd have something.
Then it's on national TV.
The whole country is looking and get this tremendous kick out of this thing.
Nebraska sucks.
They bite the big one.
They got these great t-shirts with a corn cob and a band symbol on the back and that EI,
EI, and a back thing there with the musical notes.
It's a beautiful thing.
And you people, there are only ten bucks and it goes to center one.
You ought to get out there and be buying like a crap loads of them from James right now
as I speak.
Get with it.
Kendall.
Kendall?
Hello?
Goodbye?
Nobody in Kendall.
What a bad break for them.
I was just going to give them Rick Rally's tickets too.
Open Line and Day, 751, WIOD, here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
The reason I'm calling up is a couple months ago we had our first experience together.
I had called up about the satellite dishes that are out there.
Squirt, squirt, yeah.
Squirt, squirt anyway.
And?
And I was in the shower and I told my roommate, hold on, if Neil picks up the phone, you
got to get me out of the shower.
Yeah.
The second I go in the shower, bam, you pick up the phone, I come running out, I got soap
suds all over me, I'm naked, dripped and wet.
Yeah.
I just had to tell you that and he always had first experience.
Yeah.
You ever have an experience like that before?
Not quite.
But it sounds like you've been thinking about it long and hard since then though.
A long, long and hard.
I don't know how long or how hard, but a little bit of each I think.
So what's this, you got against the hurricane fans?
Phones.
Phones.
How about when they play one of those girls schools like Tampa, their long beach state,
and they have like 20,000 people in the orange pool?
Well, that's because all the locals and the locals, my auntie, locals from what I've
always experienced, the local football games, they don't go to the dolphin games, they don't
go to the hurricane games.
The locals?
The locals there?
And how about before they started winning all these games last few years, how about when
they used to have like 20,000 people in Notre Dame game?
It's pretty much a synthetic fan base.
You'd have to admit that.
It's pretty much your make-believe.
Well, the fan base is always up north.
There you go.
Look at the dolphins.
Look who's coming down to the games.
It's always people from all the New Yorkers threw it against them.
Good point.
Well, listen, go work yourself into a lather and have a great New Year pal.
Times up.
The radio station Wayne loves to hate.
New's talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lutterdale.
Gosh, Nick, everything is so good.
I like it.
I like it.
New's talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 W I O D from Dade.
524 W I O D from Rowerd.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free.
1-800-944 W I O D.
Bell South mobility customers can call star I O D at no charge.
Sayler 1 customers can call pound I O D at no charge.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on New's talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Hey, butt heads.
It's the one to do, hour.
I can still remember the day when he went to town.
So I'd be on the stoppin', the marvelous world around.
We thought he was the greatest until we all got through.
Now I'm on the stoppin', I'm on the stoppin', the stoppin' the way.
A copy of Man from Jersey seeking fortune in the sun.
He started renting movies, section 4, though he had none.
We didn't split the two deal, he's gonna pay him a glass.
Now I'm on the stoppin', I'm on the stoppin' the way.
I heard Neil Rogers say it, I went to walk him on.
I went to see the fans, I waited like the dawn.
It's 100 degrees in half time, but I keep found no fear.
I'm on the stoppin', I'm on the stoppin' the way.
Oh!
108 is W.I.O.J.
There's no stoppin' him now, man.
He's got his head full of craters and got a full head of steam.
And he's just giving us all a little...
Anyway, you know, if I could ask this one question, when I saw Brian and Wayne sit inside my thigh,
all pissed off there at the game on a sideline, if I had one question to ask those two guys,
it would have been...
Have you guys ever seen each other's penis?
But that would have been bad.
Okay, then they'd really been pissed off, I think, probably knowing them sour-puss.
Let's go and of course the answer might have been...
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
All right, it's the first time I'm calling a long time, listen.
All right.
So you pissed off, too?
I pissed off, ain't you?
I...
Let's just all get pissed off together, man.
I will pissed off.
When Brian's pissed off, I'm pissed off.
And he gets pissed off with the best of that Brian cock.
Great show, man.
Thank you, man.
So you're giving away them tickets, man?
Giving away what, man?
Them two tickets to the Chief game.
To the Chief game?
The Chiefs, the Dog.
The Chiefs game, huh?
Yeah.
That's what they call it when you wrap that little craft signal right around it.
That's the Chiefs game.
Don't wrap it too tight, Pally.
Happy New Year.
We have an open line in Broward.
Yeah, I see the guy made a very excellent point there, and unfortunately I didn't think of it at the time to give it to him,
because he sounded like, you know, a guy that would enjoy it and they tickets, too.
I got him right here in my hand.
And Rick Riley, I don't know, you know, you're really tempting the fates.
You're really tempting the fates.
I don't know whether the scream or culture key to banan at this point.
What are we going to do about this?
Remember the briefcase.
Yeah, oh, that's right.
This would be payback for that damn briefcase of mine.
What an ass.
You're right.
He is an asshole.
Oh, man.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I'll never forget that.
I go on vacation.
I had a briefcase that had like my contract in it.
And all kinds of personal stuff.
And it was in like a broom closet in the other room.
And he gave it away on the air that idiot.
And then he gave it away to some more honestner who made copies of everything that's in there.
Nothing, it was that big of a deal, but it just something you don't do.
Where is that, by the way?
Is it under Rick Sanchez?
Because where is it under Dick Riley?
It's under the Dick column.
Where the hell is Rick Riley stole my briefcase?
I like the part in his face.
Okay.
That's where he'd think what gives him the right.
Oh, I think his wife what a bite it off tonight.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
What this grace to the human race.
Oh, Rick, you're a smuck.
Game over sucks.
That's what I'm saying.
We love meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like the part in his face.
Hey, you know, Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
Oh!
Hey man.
I don't know what to do.
I hate to give away somebody else's goods, but like I said, he sure did it with mine.
Although this in this case, I don't think I can give him back.
But who cares?
Anyway, let's go to a moral gable.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm down here visiting my brother from this place.
It's called Tampa.
Yeah.
And up in Tampa.
What a place.
Yeah, they have this thing.
I use that term very specifically.
The thing called the Tampa Bay fucking ears.
Rhymes with suck, yeah.
That's right.
And some people call it a football team.
But see, I don't know what a football team is.
You see, because they sure fall short of the definition that I am accustomed to.
Well, if you ever seen Craig Erickson up close, fall short is the obvious term for him.
And I was just wondering if you have any compassion.
Tampa Bay blows.
Yes.
To someone to see a football game for the first time in their lives.
Yeah.
You would do me the favor.
You know, the justice I would call the justice.
Okay, don't forget the honey, junior.
He's a virgin after all.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is he gone?
We have an open line in date.
7519-463.
And I see I don't have any tickets here.
So quit the sucking around.
Boy, you just joke around a little bit.
I mean, other than these 708 pair for Saturday's game, I don't have any tickets here that are
used to these people.
And my pair on the 50-yard line for the AFC Championship game, which may not even get played.
I mean, that would be a horrendous thing to toy the emotions and make you feel like you want something really,
really important on the 50th of January right on the 50-yard line, two primo seats for the AFC Championship game.
And then the dolphins, all of a sudden, rear up their ugly head.
They're ugly, rear and lose a game like either Saturday or the San Diego game.
And then you just wind their hold in your own.
That would be bad.
I would hate to do that to anybody out there.
So quit sucking around.
Quit begging already, man, it's getting embarrassing.
I'm just humiliated and degraded for you.
And by the way, did I say...
Pup-pup-pup-pup-blows.
Oof!
Enough.
Now, her show is also...
Are we supposed to talk about this on air?
I guess it really doesn't make any difference.
Aaron Summers is also going to be on in Tampa and Orlando.
So if you think that some of the colors were a little bit on the naive side,
keep in mind that was strictly Orlando.
Yeah.
Where they just can't finger anything out.
How can you finger anything out when all the fingers are in as in both nostrils?
How can you get 10 fingers in two nostrils?
That takes talent, man.
When you've got all your fingers in your nostril, you have got some cereal talent, baby.
Yeah.
I can't finger it out, man.
The nose is an erroneous one, you know.
Yeah.
It must be.
Yeah, put the honey in your nose.
That ought to taste really good.
Then when you start looking in your fingers, baby, oh, delish.
Ooh, it tastes like something good, but it's not.
So anyway, it's 114 at WIOD.
Speaking of stodheads, how's Mark Jacobson doing?
He's a hell of a guy.
I know he's a real whale of a guy.
Now, that's Cox I'm thinking of.
Not Brian Don.
Don's pissed off, man.
He has though pissed off that he never even sent me a check for a cent of one that Don Cox.
You are such a cheap skate, man.
You are such a phony.
If you'd stop buying all that cheap wine and send me a check, we'd appreciate it.
Anyway, Kendall Toyota is going to get a lot of imitators this weekend.
That's right.
They're print ads and radio ads from all the other dealers.
What kind of sound like it looked like and feel like and smell like Kendall Toyota ads.
But trust me when I tell you, they're just a shadow of the real thing.
Beware, only Kendall Toyota is the world's largest Toyota dealer.
And as a result, they go out and tell you that there is no dealings out float on any brand new Toyota that they can't and won't beat.
They guarantee it.
They guarantee that they will beat any legitimate advertised price from any other Toyota dealer.
Or they'll give you that car for free.
That's some serious balls, baby.
That's some serious big ones.
They guarantee if they can't beat it, they'll give it to you for free in the deal too.
And only Kendall Toyota guarantees you at least four grand for any trade in regardless of age,
conditioner mileage toward the purchase of any in stock select Toyota you pick out.
Kendall Toyota, that's where it's happening.
Don't waste your time and money any play sales.
You'll find them on US1, just out the day later, call 1-800-873-T-O-Y-O.
1-800-873-T-O-Y-O.
Have you noticed a variety of team shows that have developed on 610-W-I-O-D?
There's Zimpharin Mandage, Rick and Sud's D-Fo in Mandage, Phil and Margaret.
So, to break with tradition, it's D-Fo Solo.
All this week in the morning from 6-10 AM.
Call it, ask him about nuclear physics or how to transplant tomatoes.
D-Fo in the morning on 6-10-W-I-O-D.
I'm going to sell my hand gold, baby.
I'm going to get it.
Tonight on ESPN, it's Leprechaun hunting with the NRA.
Are you really going to shoot a leprechaun if you see one?
You kidding? That's good, eaten.
Oh, but isn't it inhumane?
They don't feel it. Besides, it thins them out.
Waf, we hunters weren't around in a couple of years.
It'd be leprechauns everywhere you stay.
Oh, not a solo.
So, it's just another hunt to you.
Well, there's one difference on leprechauns.
What's that?
Some of them shoot back.
I'll stick the bunny rabbits.
Leprechaun hunting with the NRA on ESPN right after bungee bowling.
Don't be 50 dollars.
118 at W-I-O-D. Happy Thursday to you.
I could have left here real early.
Got my paycheck before 10 o'clock this morning.
Everybody is getting their crap together, getting their desk organized,
making it look like they really got their garbage together.
And they're getting ready for a long busman's holiday.
So, what do you say we just take off tomorrow, George?
In fact, you know what would really be a really great idea?
Is if we played tapes tomorrow, I don't answer the door of the phone.
Right, Rick? Rick!
And I wet my pants.
Yeah, you would.
Because I got his tickets, baby,
for the Kansas City Dolphin game on Saturday after the mid-four.
It's Thursday after the mid-18 now,
and the clock is ticking away.
It's ticking.
And nothing.
Put a little air in summer zone here.
Come on, let's...
Yeah, I got it. I got it. I got it.
I want to put it on one.
Yeah, my boyfriend is bringing it up.
And I promised him, like, a couple days of great sex.
Bring the K-Y, Jelly Darlin.
I was just wondering, like, what are some ideas I could have to do on him?
Ooh, have you ever done a strip tease for him?
Oh, okay. This is the way to go.
I've had so much luck with this in my pants.
Right, I'm going to pick out a good song that you like.
Nothing real heavy, but cornwall.
It's a bit of a lie, a lot.
Kind of low down and dirty kind of thing.
And what you can do is not to lose your dreams.
I bet you got a low down journey thing.
Now, pick out your music and practice this several times before you do it for him.
And maybe have your clothes layered.
You could start out with something even like a sexy little night robe and high heels.
You take off the robe.
You're going down to a sexy little nighty in heels.
Take off the nighty.
You could have a camel solo line with pretty panties.
Ooh, I'm so lost.
You got a sexy bra on with little panties now in your high heels.
Take the bra off at that point.
And then finally, let him take the underwear off you.
I think you'll enjoy that immensely.
I'm going to go see a good movie.
Cindy, you're on real radio. What a 4.1.
Hi, Erin.
Hi, Cindy.
I just wanted to compliment you on last night's show.
Oh, thank you.
It was really great.
It gave me some good ideas, but my husband's got a town.
So I have to wait until he comes back.
You can do rock and butter self in the night.
You can do a phone set.
Yeah, rich for saying that.
I've never done that before.
Oh, boy.
It's your husband.
And it's my husband, yeah.
Of 18 years.
Oh, boy.
There's nothing like phone set.
When you call him, call him in the evening when you're nice and relaxed.
Have a glass of wine dinner.
Just a little romantic mood.
Put on your sexy little night robe.
A candlelit dinner by herself.
To an iPhone sex with aubby on a phone.
That's romantic, baby.
Yeah.
And just call him up and call you.
What you're going to do with a candlelit?
Cindy is, guess what I'm wearing.
Yeah.
Yeah, he'll love that.
Will you turn this off?
Please shut it off immediately.
How about that Itsy Bitsy spider?
No, seriously, that's the level that these last two calls.
I mean, the other calls were at least titillating.
But these calls were on such a juvenile first adoistripties and then like, oh, God.
Okay, boy, then, girl, here, just look down there.
Just look down.
We'll low on your thing and you'll see something.
Put your thumb right where you're known with you to be.
It's going to be great.
She's really dynamite.
And of course, the reason that Steve Nichol hired her was because she's got a phenomenal ass.
Here's my me lake.
Hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yeah.
God.
Yes, sir.
She's not even here yet.
I'm sick of her.
Yeah. Well, those last two calls kind of like turn my worm in the other direction.
I'll guarantee you that.
I'm sitting here waiting for you and I'm starting to do those off.
Yeah.
I'm turning me on.
I know that.
Well, in the beginning, it was a little more stimulating, but not to get, keep the women off
the show is what I say.
Keep out these frigid women offers.
I have a problem.
Need your help.
That leaves all the women in this town out.
Yes.
I'm circumcised.
Yes.
I married a Brazilian woman who had a son already.
Yeah.
He's now my son.
He's five years old.
She has Brazilian?
Yeah.
I'm a fastie, Shupa.
And what's the group, group, group, group?
Remember that lady from Rick and Stud?
Yes.
She was Brazilian.
In any case, my son's not circumcised.
Why not?
What are you some kind of a barbarian?
First of all, human.
Most people are country and not circumcised.
But where's he born?
He was born in Brazil.
Oh, he's born in Brazil.
And how old is he?
84?
He's five.
Oh, five.
No problem.
Get it done, man.
Well, I want to do it straight off.
Get it done.
I'll pour you.
Don't.
He's never been to a football game.
You want to trade your hit circumcision?
Yeah.
I think George has got a point.
Keep it, get the honey.
We have an open line on the story.
Didn't I just get you saying, stop sucking around.
You're not getting any damn tickets.
Stop already?
Make it up to these silly stories.
He's going to give me foreskin for the tickets.
What did I tell you at the beginning?
About what?
Say you don't have anything.
They still call and dub that.
Exactly.
If they even suspect that I got something that I'm going to give away.
I don't know about mine.
Okay.
I'm not so sure about it for the AFC Chan.
He wasn't talking about those.
He's talking about Rick Riles.
I'm not giving away somebody else's tickets yet.
Yet.
But I think I had a great idea there because I'm going to be like out of touch these next couple
of days.
This show just might be on tape tomorrow.
You never know for sure.
I might because George is already under the way today and I feel like something coming
on.
And I'm just going to be like out of touch.
I might even check into a real fancy hotel for the weekend.
You know, I'll kind of enjoy the sunshine and whatever else and be out of touch.
Rick, you idiot.
And I wet my pants.
What a moron.
He really is.
See, this is the reason I feel uncomfortable with this whole deal on the first play.
And anybody else would appreciate that.
Why should I be put in a position in this delicate position of holding his goods?
I think Boca Bryan oughta come down and get him and then he can go and knock on his door
and get religion.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, that's me.
That's you.
Yeah.
God.
Yeah.
I thought I'd never make it.
You made it.
Hey, you know what?
Yeah.
Let's talk about Mandage.
The guy is a loser.
What does that mean?
He's a loser.
He just annoys the hell out of me.
Didn't you already call somebody else on the station to make all the same comments just
the other day?
Well, I don't make comments.
I talk.
I talk.
Didn't you just talk to him and trash?
Get out of here.
Call him up and tell him he sucks.
Don't be a, don't be a trashy, not old Jimmy Mad Dog man.
It's even though what you say probably is true.
Cut the crap, man.
You jacked out.
Yeah.
See, there's a guy got nothing to say.
Just wants to call here and stab somebody behind him.
Backstabbing is easy, okay?
Ripen somebody and ask after you've already hung up on him.
Anybody can do that.
You stupid turd.
You moron.
You idiot.
Oh, is he gone?
It's, uh, it's a lot of fun though.
It really is.
You should be honest, and it's really great.
By the way, don't forget, peaches, music and videos got our best
of Rick and Suds and Phil Henry and Neil Roger CDs and cassettes.
All the peaches outlets all over Dave Rowerton, Palm Beach like
1500 sunrise and four-loader day.
That's the original peaches.
They prestigious original one there, not too far from Il Milino.
And at 11 South University in plantation, not too far from Il Milino.
And at 6605 South Dixie Highway, 1390 Northeast, 163rd North Miami Beach,
2408 Oak and Chobie Boulevard in West Palm Beach,
and 1371 Palm Itta Park Road West in Boka.
Those are the, uh, those are the, uh, places.
That's the thing.
That's them.
Them be it.
Peaches.
And we got about 84 grand for Santa Juan so far.
So we've really last, uh, 10 days or so.
We really picked up some momentum and we got through January 31st.
So let's go out there and don't forget, James, the then their
prominent at Chevron.
Go out there and, uh, relieve him of some of those Nebraska Sucks T-shirts.
Please relieve him.
Here is a four-loader day.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Mr. Nine and nine.
I think George said that wasn't bored.
He said you weren't bored.
He was wrong.
Let's go to a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I can't take him anymore.
He's, he's so chronic.
What is it?
Hello, Neil, my king and queen.
How are you?
Okay.
That's good.
Uh, I just wanted to make a comment about that, uh, phone six things.
That's so ridiculous.
What happens if a woman is like real rotund and fat and spanky and smelly and she's
going to do a strip piece for her husband?
There you go.
That's disgusting.
And that's probably the one, the woman that was calling her probably weighed like 700
pounds just got in from one of those fat clinics off of the appearance on a
Horolo show.
They squeezed her ass with a shoehorn inside the door and she's going to do a strip for her
husband.
Exactly.
Like generic responses.
Oh, this will be good for middle America.
Well, middle America is mostly overweight.
So that's right.
That's right.
And that thing about the phone sex, I'm going to say it again.
Okay.
And I don't make judgments, but I have opinions.
There's a difference.
I mean, if you want to do that fine, but all these people, especially these guys with these 900
numbers that are having, uh, so-called phone sex with some erotic sounding voice in
the other end, they're lost to somebody who weighs three times as much as the woman that we just described.
I mean, what is this all that is beyond desperation, even a good plastic blow up doll or something tangible
as opposed to a voice on the other end of a phone line?
Of course.
God.
Absolutely.
Like somebody making love to a breast that's just not not attached to anything.
You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
That's really ridiculous.
It is.
Um, I also want to point out that-
You know what she probably owns a few of those 900 lines.
She's probably trying to-
Oh, you're-
To jack up some business or something.
It's got to be something.
Yeah.
Also, I want to point out, sir, that I am not a snore, nor have no desire to start.
So ask, can you put some myelin's tickets like that idiot yesterday?
Yeah, she wants marlins tickets in the orange door.
Made with-
Made me embarrassed.
Nauseating.
Disgusting bitch.
I also wanted to ask you what the heck happened.
And I mean, I know if there's anything to do with the people that were using the Bell South mobility line,
was what-
Why did they just say that they want to cut it off, Neil?
No, they-
Bell South mobility don't want nothing to do with WIOD.
We're just too controversial and too outrageous and too-
Whatever we are.
And they just-
They're too goody-touches.
They don't want nothing to do with us.
Oh, they can-
So they can kiss my fan-ass is what they can do.
They can go to hell.
I'll call-
They suck.
I'll call you if it-
If it has-
And that-
And that problem I just got over having with them on that cell phone that I talked about where somebody got a hold of them.
And I'm working on all those illegal charges.
Right.
I'm carrying-
As soon as I get home today, I'm having that phone shut off permanently.
And never-
No, I won't.
I will never use Bell South mobility again.
They can go to hell.
Wow.
They can kiss my ass.
I don't blame you.
Also, sir, I'd like to make a-
I can't help making a parallel, you know?
I keep hearing the way where everyone's talking about Shula.
And I can't-
I can't help make that parallel between, you know, Mike and Philoxo eating at Louise and-
Philoxo says to Mike,
Well, uh, face it, uh, the dawn is slipping.
Yes, son of a-
No, no.
So it's like, you know, pretty obvious what that's all about.
The dawn is slipping.
He is.
Big time.
On a banana peel, that's why he's on the card.
Well, have a happy new year.
Oh, I want one more thing I want to ask you, Neil.
Yes.
Remember, I called about a year ago and I asked you-
Oh, sure.
Did you ever watch the-
Godfather again after I asked you that-
That shot right before Luca gets to sleep with the fishes and he's in the bar with Topalia and Philoxo
and they chop off his finger right before the shot.
They don't chop off his finger.
He stabs the knife through his hand.
I mean, Luca.
All right, that Luca, they-
They're right, they stab the finger.
I'll take you to Luca.
Yeah.
Sorry, I'm getting all nervous about that here.
But the thing is, right before the shot, Neil, they have this shot where they're showing-
they're showing inside the bar and you see this, uh, this like frosted glass with like two fish in it.
And it's, uh, like a foreshadowing that, you know, that he will be sleeping with the fish.
It's a very good point.
Yeah, yeah.
And then you have to see it.
Like later on where they're standing in the, uh, where, uh, Don Corleone is sitting on a chair.
Right.
And Tom Hagen says, but maybe I could help when they're gonna make the move to Vegas and you're out top.
Right.
And they're sitting with a big aquarium there.
That's right.
So I think that there are a lot of people sleep with the fishes.
I think you got your finger on it.
I think you can get one.
Have a great new year, say goodbye.
I'm gonna leave you go now because I know you're up here.
Yeah, I'm busy.
Okay, get out of here, Luca.
Lucille La Bratzi.
We have an open line in date.
751-9463.
But may your first daughter be a masculine child.
I mean, so how's Jessica Giri doing with a new husband to be a J-hiler?
Huh?
They don't come any viler than J-hiler.
And those guys, they're lined up behind him.
We're all behind him at Channel 7 and he's getting pretty nervous about it too, especially the paper boy.
Wow, he's first in line.
Don't drop this hope, J.
Oh, sorry.
Anyway, it's 130.
Oh, man, you think the only fruit cakes are a Christmas time, huh?
130 at WIOD.
16 WIOD.
If your boss won't let you listen at work, file discrimination charges.
Last year, more than 19,000 Americans were involved in auto accidents because they were momentarily distracted while picking their noses.
It's a medical fact.
When your index finger is burrowing into your nostril past the first knuckle, you can't concentrate and you sure can't drive.
Your auto club recommends that you appoint someone in your carpool as your personal designated nose picker.
If you don't belong to a carpool, ask a close friend or relative to give you a hand or call your local auto club, we'll be happy to appoint one for you.
In the meantime, keep your hands and your fingers on the wheel.
Damn it.
We can't find a right one.
Maybe Luke Alphan will help us out, okay?
In fact, you know, the rumor has it that the people in Michigan are so upset about the dolphins being the lion sitting at that they've abandoned.
I'm not even flipper from all the cable channels over there. I should have asked Dick if that was true or not.
You can't put a band Sandy in Michigan, man.
Sandy is where it's at.
How's Luke doing, by the way?
Is he going to be on a show next week?
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Come on.
Yes?
I'm not asking for a ticket because I'm already going to the game on Saturday.
Good. All right.
I don't even need to start.
I don't even want to even talk with the ticket.
Don't have to be defensive. There are no tickets.
That's right. I don't care about them.
However, I do want to mention one thing.
I'm waiting for that one.
But.
But.
What is it?
A.C.
Jam, you know what not a possible thing?
What about it?
You just got through St.
You're working ask for any tickets.
Oh, it was this week I was going to get out of here.
You sack a crap.
I'm. I'm a serious.
I'm not.
You know what I just decided.
I'm not giving those away.
I'm going to wait till Monday.
If the patriots are not in other words if the patriots lose.
Forget about the dolphins,
or while either one, I mean if the dolphins lose their,
there won't be any game here anyway.
Other than the Super Bowl and they sure won't be an ad.
But that's the deal.
I'm gonna wait till Monday and reassess,
re-analyze my options here.
And of course Monday we won't be here anyway.
So till Tuesday, which really will keep them on a string.
I got nothing for you guys.
Nothing.
If you wanna hang up, goodbye.
Great.
Have a great life.
Jappy New Year.
Good lost.
I don't like these people.
I really don't.
I can't stand that.
He starts out.
He prefaces the call by saying,
I'm not gonna want any tickets.
Okay, fine.
Then you got something to say.
You called to speak to me.
You're like a part of the show.
But the championship game.
I got your championship game right here.
Plus face, pimple head, knuckle brain, needle nuts.
God.
But have a happy New Year.
136 at WIOD.
Let's press right on.
Here's Palm Bay.
Hello.
Hey, Nell.
How you doing?
All right.
You're the best.
Hey, she's the best.
Talk about the nerve of an elephant.
Ha ha.
What a bury that guy.
Yeah.
Hey, Nell, I wanna bring something up.
I bet.
Let's play some more Aaron Summers, okay?
That way, not that much.
My wife's been listening to her from Orlando.
She comes home from work in the car.
Sometimes she gets home, she's all worked up.
Yeah, but she doesn't go and do a put on a strip show for you.
Does she?
No, no.
And she doesn't like make a candle to dinner
and call you on a phone 2,000 miles away
and have phone sex.
No, she knows how to do it.
Yeah, there you go.
That's the girl.
You know something?
I think most people know how to do it
when you come right down to it.
Yeah.
So it's a natural thing.
So it's got really nothing to do with, like,
instruction or education as far as her show is concerned.
It's just a titillation if I can say that again.
Yeah, it gets you in the mood.
Yeah.
But anyway, what I wanna bring up was,
remember when Rick Raleigh stole your briefcase?
Yeah, that's why I just played that bit, like,
20 minutes ago.
Boy, that would have pissed me off.
Yeah.
You know, what if I came down there and,
uh, just playing out here?
Now, where is he feeding?
This is not leading into Rick Raleigh's tickets,
and you want him?
If I was to clean out your desk or something.
We have an open line on a green line, 1-800-944-9463.
What?
I told you.
You told me what?
Just say you don't have anything to do with you.
So he's got to say in that I don't have it.
I don't have him.
I don't got him.
But you are the Lord, Brian.
I know.
It is written that he who has the ticket will deny them.
He has a wife, you know.
It's 138.
That's biggest dickest, by the way, for your mighty Python fans.
Biggest, uh...
Oh, you know who that was?
That was Biggest Dickest Purton that called us from Detroit.
That's who that was.
I knew I was somebody familiar.
Here's the curlsprings.
Hello?
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
How do you like these last two assholes on here, huh?
Ah, cool.
What a joke.
Listen, I don't like the tosses.
I don't want the tosses tickets.
Good.
As far as I know, the tosses can blow me.
Scrum. There you go.
All right.
Don Shula.
Take a little golf cart and just get lost.
Right.
Hopefully someone runs them over.
Head out on the highway.
Head out on the Palm Meadow would be a good place for her.
Maybe on the Shula Expressway.
Well, I don't know, but he probably drives that thing just like an old person.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Neal.
Hey, Neal.
Yeah.
You know that guy Greg?
Yeah.
All right.
The guy that can't spell can't...
The one with no life, yes.
Yeah, all right.
Well, I'm good friends with him.
Yeah.
All right.
I think if you're giving anything away, I think you'll ever...
Does he like try it?
Huh?
Go ahead.
Does he like try to come on to your lot or what?
No, no, no.
I eat that white.
Not yet.
Okay.
That's what you think.
Maybe she'll give him hook on phonics.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Okay.
I just want to say I want to hear that OJ Simpson thing.
Okay.
Have a great weekend.
Happy New Year.
I said I wasn't going to play it today.
Uh-uh.
Where are we going next?
They don't listen.
You're right.
They won't no matter what I say.
They won't do the opposite.
Let's play the bridge dander.
Okay.
Let's not.
Let's play the I-95 asshole song.
Let's do that OJ thing again.
Let's hear a mandature sing.
Let's, uh, yeah.
That's what I say.
Phil Henry coming in a little bit early today.
He doesn't know it yet.
Margaret will be on the first 20 minutes.
And maybe Esther will come in for a few minutes too.
Couldn't hurt at this point.
Let's go to Davy.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'll take the take a chneel.
Yeah.
Bet you will.
Okay.
Take this and stick away to Mondo's shine.
Okay.
Take it a life, Ken.
Ken, how do we lope with Greg?
Would be a real good match.
I'll take that right now.
Here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, happy new year to you.
Back to you.
I feel sorry for you today.
I know these guys are great.
I know these guys are great.
I think it's most amusing.
It's a great education for the listeners out there.
Yeah.
What about your money grabbing, free loading, uh,
slime balls we got in this town who give nothing and just take,
take, take, take, take.
That's all they do.
That's all they know how to do is take it.
Me and my friend Brian were working today and we're talking
about the same exact thing.
Uh, the only thing is, you know, we were talking and we were wondering,
we got a couple of tickets to the Miami Hurricanes basketball games tomorrow.
Oh, that, now you're talking heavy duty.
Now we know something that everybody wants.
Yeah, I know it's not much because I was wondering if you, uh,
you might want a couple of tickets.
We got a couple extra if you want.
I mean, you know, yeah.
I know it's not the hottest ticket in town.
No, I know where they were.
Where they were.
Where they were.
Who are they playing?
Is Shiva you?
Is that who they're playing?
Nobody knows, nobody cares.
Uh, yeah, but, you know, we were wondering if you like to come down and watch it with us.
We love that.
Okay, guys, thanks anyway.
See I get out of here.
We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD.
Here's the mobile, a water nail.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Good.
Happy, happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
What can we give you, sir?
What can we wrap up in with a big bow on it and send to you?
Nothing.
I want to have a question.
I want a big jar of honey.
Yeah.
All right, honey.
No bags.
Hey, listen, whatever happened to the Dean, uh, you, W.
Whatever happened to him.
He's pushing up a tune, he's been dead for years now, man.
That's about three years ago.
Do I remember you used to get a lot of mileage?
I am.
You dummy.
You know, that stuff.
He be dead.
He be dead.
He be real dead, the Dean.
He's the blue hair over America tour.
The blue hair over America tour.
Yeah, we got that.
Is that what is his daughter or his wife or who was that?
Who was that?
Who was what?
That had nothing to do with him.
I thought it was a wreck.
I messed up buck to you, dummy.
Oh, I have a great life, Pellie.
Where are we going next?
We're going to Miami on the Star Line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Good.
So glad I just switched over to Bell South.
Yeah, nice move.
And you're probably the one that put us over the under the edge.
Thanks a lot.
Hey, I just want to let people know that old James is sitting in his car because it'd be raining down there.
Oh, that'd be bad.
Yes.
Is he doing it?
Is he doing any business down there?
Not bad if he can get through ActBard inside the service station.
Yeah.
And ask him where he's at.
You mean, Ossamade has given directions down there?
He kind of saw it up.
Great.
And then you can get him.
Yeah, there are a couple of people there when I was there.
He's doing it.
Anyway, I want to let you know that one of my former students is up there at MSU Park Renardi.
He's running back.
Red shirt freshman.
All right.
Yeah, and he's doing real well.
It's just very well.
Red shirt freshman.
That means he'll be there like what, eight, nine years?
Ah, that's good.
Like the way we do it up there.
Yeah, he doesn't get his act together.
Red shirt, green shirt, purple shirt, no shirt.
He doesn't get his act together.
He's just great.
He's up.
He may be out of there in his spring.
I don't worry about that.
We don't worry about things like grades at MSU.
I don't know.
With a new coach though, they may...
Who is the new coach?
I don't know.
We don't know.
They haven't named one yet, huh?
Now, in fact, one of our assistant athletic director from the high school, she went up there,
and now she works with all the football players as far as keeping their grades off and getting them to class.
No, I'm...
Well, I'm sure they're all standing in Weshaw Hall.
That's where all the stupid jocks stand.
I don't know.
He should be home.
I'm surprised you don't listen, because I know all the kids are schooled.
Yeah, likely still.
Well, yeah, but nobody taught him how to dial a phone yet.
You know MSU, we're a little slow.
That's right.
You have a great new year, pal.
Hey, you two, Neil.
Okay.
See it, the...
Coral Gables.
Now, I'm confused though, because that restaurant up there, I've had people call me over the years say it's closed.
It's not there anymore, and then people call it say that it's open.
It's on Grand River Ravanoo.
It was a very, very famous like a...
Like a...
Kind of like a pizza loft with a lot of beer.
I mean, it had pizza and spaghetti, and just they used to some more bottled beer in the Gables
than any other establishment, any other bar, anywhere else.
Anywhere in America.
For years, it was like that.
And then I remember getting calls, oh, it's not there anymore, and I found that very hard to believe.
That would be like saying that cutting ham drugs on Grand River is not there.
I don't believe that either.
And then we'd have calls say, oh, they're full of crap.
It is there.
We just got through drinking 85-12 packs, and I don't know what the answer is.
But since we don't have anybody from East Lansing or Michigan,
stay there.
Can't tell me the answer anyway.
Do you, Spaks?
Go Michigan!
Oh, sorry.
144, W-I-O-D.
And speaking of a Go-Man Go, we got Ladies Night at Pompedo Park tonight.
Every Thursday night is Ladies Night.
Ladies admission is free.
You get two for one drink coupons, even a free betting voucher.
We got SimalCast 3 races every night from the metal lands in New Jersey
and a live on track racing as well, of course.
And we also have Pick 7 poolway drink with the metal lands where you can really win a bundle.
Tomorrow it's Friday.
That means I'll be doing a handy camping.
It also means you can enjoy 50-cent beer hot dogs and sodas.
Saturday it's the weekly $1,000 cash giveaway.
In fact, a lot of you punks that are down here for the holidays now.
Come on out to Pompedo Park.
Watch how Sean bets, and then bet just the opposite.
Follow Fat Rich to the window and plunge your lungs out.
You'll be going home with Bushel barrels of money.
And don't forget New Year's Eve.
It's another big thing we got at Pompedo this year.
The annual New Year's Eve party Saturday night.
You'll enjoy a night of great racing.
Find dining in the top of the park, La Baza, dining room,
and music and dancing in the founders room.
Come watch, wage your plunge, and win your way into the New Year at Pompedo Park Saturday night.
Don't forget the new schedule now racing every night except Tuesday and Sunday.
Post time 730.
See you tonight for Ladies Night at Pompedo Park.
The 95 Orange Bowl is almost here.
Got your choke chains ready?
The chains and corn huskers.
Hurricanes are big, fast, noisy, and scary.
Corn huskers are guys who shut corn and choke at big game time.
Chains and corn huskers.
Pre-game starts at 5 p.m. Sunday on the voice of the chains.
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
No one can lick us, but it feels good when they try.
And he puts his thumb where they're supposed to be on peanut.
It gets kisses from girls, they stroke his balls, never touch her behind.
It's 16.
It's beautiful and it's fine on my life.
It goes crazy when it's bad, when it's bigger, it's better, yeah.
It's filled my hand, it touched my chest, ooh when it blew.
It ruined my best and came out of my jeans and into my life.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine.
It's 16.
It's so beautiful and it's mine.
148 WIOD.
Don't forget phone sex for there in summers.
I mean, passion phones for there in summers, week from Monday, January 9th.
It's going to be just, I don't know.
Let's go to plantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
You got me a job.
Doing what?
I'm working for Double Play Deep Down Service out there in Boka.
Yeah?
I was on a job and a guy is talking to me and somehow your name came up.
Next thing I know, I got the job.
Come on.
Yeah, we were talking about town.
Yeah, I can get out of town.
All right.
We were talking for about 20 minutes about your show.
Isn't that great?
It usually works the other way.
You mentioned my, in fact, if you already got a job and you mentioned my name, you don't have one anymore.
Yeah, well, it's funny you said that.
I used to work for Bell South Mobility.
There you go.
It's a good thing it's used is.
Hey, my old job a couple of years ago, I used to sell pornographic tapes.
Yeah.
And maybe for this Christmas, I can send you a few.
There you go.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
No, send him to a halloween killer.
She'll enjoy him.
She'll enjoy him.
Sure she will, but I think you might enjoy him better.
Send him to Aaron.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
What are the odds of going to the orange bone getting scalp tickets?
What are the odds?
Pretty good down there in Miami.
No problem.
No sweat ski.
No, no seriousness.
I'm telling you, there'll be all over the place.
Yeah, but I'm sure if you had an extra couple tickets, you'd be sending them my way.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I want to find out where that guy's working right now.
We can take care of that.
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
Happy New Year.
Back to you.
You and all your listeners, eight miles.
My whole year worthwhile.
Well, isn't that something?
It's good to take care of your work.
And take care and I wish you the best.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Okay, that was very nice.
Oh, and look who we have here.
It's the old cockamoon lady.
That's it.
I call to wish you a very healthy.
Cockamoon.
Cockamoon.
Yeah.
I'm very healthy and I have been no year.
And likewise to you.
I have life, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay, a lot of short ones here.
Let's get a few short ones in before the end of we'll get Aaron on again.
She knows a lot about short ones.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Let's go to Opalaka.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Good.
You were saying that if the Wingo loses on Sunday, that they're the only team that Miami could play at home?
I did not say that at all.
I said if New England loses it.
But it didn't mean by that.
If they lose their route.
I understand that, but there's another team of Miami could host the ASEJ.
The Browns, that's right.
Okay.
I already went through that whole thing before.
Get out of here already.
This guy's going to give me an education.
He's probably also the guy that called D.Fo this morning telling that the Miami and San Diego are going to play for the
Divisional Championship.
I don't need no instructions on who's playing with whom, okay, Pally?
God.
These people, like I said, they wouldn't know Brian Sip from Brian from Dave Copay.
There wouldn't be Bernie Kossar from J. Heiler.
Here's the Port Saint Loosely.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I want to tell you that I watch you in Gary Sip Bell on that ITW thing and you guys are right.
We are.
Yeah.
We have a great time doing that.
By the way, did you watch last Friday when I picked 10 winners and 13 races?
Yes.
Well, I want to tell you.
You hope the check is in the mail.
I haven't had one person called yet who said thank you so much Neil for a brilliant job of handicapping.
You picked 10 winners on top, including Gypsy, Shiver with Markov and it paid almost $18.
There's not one, the show you the kind of time it is they take.
But boy, if you pick a couple of horses that think they join out, you sure hear about that real quick.
How come Fat Rich doesn't pick anyone when he's on it?
Because he keeps them all from self-right away.
I think he cashes all the big tickets from that one.
He's got little game plan he's following there.
Listen, you got one big advantage over Gary Sip Bell and that you tell like it is what the drive is.
I think he's afraid of offending them or something.
Well, no, but none of the handicappers, because they expect me to do that.
See, if it comes from them, then they get upset.
But for me, they expect me to be obnoxious.
But it's true when you go to the track, man, people let bet on these guys like Gary McQuade and Donald Brainer and these other...
Forget about them, man. Just cross them out.
Just went and down cross the line.
Let them win their two or three races and you're the other 99% of the time you have your money in your pocket.
We know that W and Drew Campbell stands for the worst.
Oh, he is brutal. He is unbelievable.
You got John Campbell's brother, I don't think so.
And by the way, you noticed the last week or so, Kevin Wallace hopped on a couple of horses for the first time,
like that water reputation, time the...
Eat time the kites, away 600 pounds, Kevin drives doors for the first time.
They're trying to let Providence win his memorial race, the last race of his career,
because he got retired Wednesday.
And here comes Kevin flying down the inside and wins going away by open lengths.
Kevin can show him all his rear end.
And what's with Peter Renzi?
He's a good wrestler.
He's doing okay. He's up there at the metal line.
You're not going to come down here full time?
No, he's not going to be here. What do we need him here for?
He's a good guy, but let him stay up there and make some bucks.
Okay, and you'll keep telling him the like it is.
Okay, bye-bye.
See ya, and you're welcome.
Ah, boy.
So what's the deal? We're getting tomorrow off, too.
Everybody just left. Bob Green left. George left.
Or everybody walked out.
So now is the deal. Now it's my radio station for the next seven minutes.
Canceled due to lack of interest. That's what the audience said.
Now, what are you bringing me this for? I don't want the entries.
What day is this for? Or the entries for Monday?
Well, there's that coming around with Tim Mayery.
Just one last night is coming right back on Monday.
That's always a good thing to keep your eye on.
Tim Mayery. Dangerous. Dangerous, but don't expect to cash on him ever.
There's Kerry Carcos and at Johnny's goal on the rail, Richie.
I got all these entries for Monday. Well, the night should be a real big night at Pompa.
I'm going to be there with millions of dollars.
And what are we going to do about these Rick Riley tickets, by the way?
Tomorrow's D-Day.
I'm serious. If I, now I'm not making this up.
I don't want to play with anybody's emotions, but I have no other choice.
If I don't have an answer from him by 11 o'clock tomorrow morning on the air or off the year.
I'm going to give him a message from him. I'm giving his tickets away.
And I don't care if he...
And I don't care if he...
And I what my pay?
I don't care.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey. Yeah.
You just call you from Martin, Michigan.
Well, nobody's perfect.
I know.
I was the first one I told you about deck talking about you.
Yeah.
The air. Yeah.
And that's great that he's down here now with the daughters and everything.
That's super.
I met one of his daughters.
He's all 45 of his daughters.
I met one on that Tobal Hall one night.
And?
Nice.
They are nice.
Anyway, Paul's that story.
Gotta say that they're listening. What is it?
Paul's that story.
Yeah.
My ex girlfriend used to do that.
And they would call her house and then she would get their number and then call them back.
Yeah.
And she'd be like full of laundry and...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Doing something really erotic, folding laundry or making Swiss cheese in a cheese machine or doing something.
It was a hilarious feeling.
Great.
Beauty.
Cleaning out the refrigerator?
Yeah.
It was all man.
They hear a breathing heavy and she be like vacuuming in the back.
They think that they she had one of those acu jacks going.
These people haven't got a clue man.
These people with those phone sex line talk about no life.
They think it was funny.
Okay.
Have a happy.
Bye.
See ya.
But hey, to reach its own and there are people making a genius at dollars doing that.
So it goes to show you how we press the people in this country are really sad.
Really sad when people have to be yanking and talking to some pathetic voice on the other.
Or even great voice attached to a disgusting body.
Like that one, we're gonna turn her loose for a second.
Let's see what she's got to grab you.
Please, please, let me know.
I'm gonna go over the rest of our four play list in a little bit.
Oh, our four play list.
It's so many terrific suggestions last night regarding four play.
Oh.
Michelle, you're on real radio 1-0-4.1.
Michelle.
Come on, Michelle.
What's your up?
Hi, Erin.
I'm a long time with Erin, a first time caller.
Oh, that's a rich one.
Compassion fine.
Thank you.
I just wanted to comment on her.
So you had, I don't remember how long ago it was.
I think it was a couple weeks ago.
And actually my boyfriend suggested it.
He had mentioned water masturbation.
Oh, my God.
And I said, you know, he said, hey, just try it.
You know, see what you think about it.
I said, okay.
And my parents had already had this.
I think she's peddling up screen.
I tried theirs.
And it worked great.
I just wanted to tell everything out there.
I'm telling you, Michelle.
Now, who's the one that's supposed to get off on it?
I thought it was the caller, not Erin.
I think we'll use your hand.
But you can use hand.
You can use a toy.
Oh, yes.
And most women are most easily reaching orgasm through water masturbation.
I know.
It's great.
I mean, I was like, you know, and what was great is that you can do that.
So next time you were in a shopping center, you see women like kind of squatting over the water fountain.
Like you would have rid of that.
Turn that disgusting perverted stuff off.
Three coins in your mountain.
Is that what you was singing?
Oh, here's Johnny Dark.
That's funny.
He coincents and said that's the first song they're playing on the coast of saffron.
Three coins in a fountain with the Ames brothers.
Little format change over there.
But he's a daft of well, he's easy.
He said, I'll play whatever kind of crap they want.
Here's Hollywood on the Star Line.
Hello.
What the hell was that?
What was what?
Water masturbation.
That was the shout-power, power shower.
What?
Man, it's like some...
You jackass.
Watch out.
It's going to be wet.
Yeah.
That guy was a butt player to call out about who's playing with who.
I think he's playing with himself.
Which one was that?
Not the football about San Diego.
We got more problems where we're about this week and we're losing some players.
Halleer's not going to play maybe.
Yeah.
And Ingraham's not playing?
Ingraham, yeah.
She's.
And that's after a book.
That's all he's got.
Oh, she's.
Yeah.
That's telling we got a lack of it as it is.
Right.
Hopefully three in a row.
I think there's no problem with Kansas City.
I'm just telling you that.
Like I said, it's an objective pun.
I'm telling you right now.
Kansas City sucks.
They got no defense.
Well, hopefully we get a lot of defense.
The English with no defense shouldn't be in the playoffs in the first place.
You heard Neil Smith talking about that defense.
Yeah.
That Halleer couldn't handle his jockstrap.
Talk.
Don't get the job done.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, see this weekend.
I'll tell you they can't do it.
If you remember that first Kansas City game, they can't tackle anybody.
They cannot tackle anybody.
They need crazy glue.
They need stick them.
Maybe Aaron can get some honey for these guys.
A little honey on the finger.
Too much water.
Exit.
There you go.
All right.
Now I have a happy new year.
And back to you.
That's what it is.
There's too many power showers, baby.
Check out.
Yeah.
So anyway, Jay Hyler is having a shower with the, are they having a bridal shower?
Or is he just taking a shower with the whole staff over there, Jay Hyler?
All the news guys.
I hear that he just backed into that job.
Is sports directors, that true?
Oh, God.
Don't tell me there's a pipe bomb in my card outside of there.
Come on, Jay.
It's just a radio show.
Wait a minute.
Tell you what Dan Stewart told me.
Anyway, let me just pass these little tidbit.
Now what was wrong with that?
He hasn't known his for news.
He's a news guy.
He's a news guy.
He happens to have rubbed elbows with some of the people over there at Channel 7.
Elbows, I said.
You ought to see the calluses.
Okay.
So anyway, what about.
