Talk in entertainment radio. 610. W-I-O-D Miami Fort, Latterio. I'll get rid of this music. Okay, this music has got to go. Can't we, I mean, are we moving backwards or four? 610. W-I-O-D. Put your head. Slice it up. That's it. A kill in the coal. All right, that too. Anyway, it's 1158 at W-I-D. Happy, it Tuesday, Thursday. See, Adams in here, not quite so early as yesterday. You don't have to start coming in here like Andy. Like, little Andy was doing like we literally in the morning sucking around and being a quiz link. Look what it did for him. He's up in New York now. Got him a good job. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Wait a minute. Wrong line. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Rogers? Yes, I am. Was lifting the year a little earlier when you were talking about the Miami Harold dictating who to vote for? Yes, I was. Well, you know, a lot of people don't really realize it, but art is a decorated Vietnam veteran. So what does that got to do with the price of price? Well, I just think that if there was, and for the veterans, you know, the face would not be what it is today. Yeah, so does that mean that he ought to be the mayor of the county because he was a Vietnam? No, no, no. No, no, no. Can we make everybody who's a decorated veteran the mayor of Miami? It's going to get pretty crowded in that office. Well, no, I'm not saying that either, but I'm just saying that you're saying go out and vote for Phenela. That's absolutely correct. He's portraying himself as a Cuban American. He is not a Cuban American. What difference does it make? What difference does his ethnic background have to do with it? It's not to do with it. So then what do you so what are you bringing it up for? Because he brings it up. Yeah. And of course, it's unusual in this community for anybody to inject their ethnicity into an election isn't. That's very unusual. No, it's not unusual. So what are you bringing it up for? How does that make him less or better qualified? It doesn't make him less or better qualified. I'm just saying he is perceiving himself. I don't care what he perceives himself. I perceive him as a more independent, a more hopeful candidate to be the mayor of this county as opposed to somebody who's just another and a long list of pawns like Joe Carroyo who's going to be a puppet for the Harold and Special Interest in Dave County. That's the point. Now whether somebody was in Vietnam or any other bogus point you got. Well, what about him accepting all this money supposedly that they say accepted from the and what about our T. I'm not filing income tax returns are paying taxes last two years supposedly. What about that? I'm sure that if it was a real major issue, the federal government was the app. If it was a major issue, I guess it's just a minor issue if that's true, huh? So a minor issue. It's a federal government. That's not a... Sir, I'm going to tell you something. I could sit here until midnight and just and just challenge you with fact and with logic. I wouldn't move you off the dime for a second. If you like our deal, more power to you go out there and vote for him 30 or 40 times. Thank you for taking the time. Okay, thank you so much for wasting mine. We have an open line at day at 751 WOD. We've got all a broad back in that noon time coma again. Boy, I can see we really made some great in roads these last two days. Five, two, four. Now see, yesterday we had a false alarm the forced two hours. All that was about was the Ron and Ron thing. That's all that was about. It had nothing to do with the fact that the audience is like alive because in two days we're not going to like recindle an audience. It ain't going to happen. So we had a false alarm here and now it's like, Oh my god, can this really be true? Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three and Broward and two on the green lines, 1, 800, 9, 4, 4, WOD. He's a decorated veteran. How about that admiral? What was his name? The one that ran with parole. What was stocked deal? There's another decorated veteran. Okay, who doesn't know what planet he's on? Who am I? What day is it? What day of the week is it? Okay, there is a good reason that everybody rushed right out to vote for him because he was a decorated veteran. Let's get colon piled to change his mind. There you go. Another decorated veteran. Here's my end-get. Last time I checked Bill Clinton who evaded the war in Vietnam who was allegedly a draft Dodger. Last time I checked this morning on CNN, he's 22 points ahead of Dull in the polls. How do you like that? I like it a lot. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. I'm proud of the terminal. I can't get over him. Yeah. Hey, listen, we don't have one thing we're consistent. We don't have quantity and we don't have quality. So at least we got consistency today. We got nothing but dumbbells. Bill, when was the last game of the Stanley Cup? What day was the last game? What was the date? How did I know what the last date was? June 14 something like that? Was it July? No, June. It was in June. Yeah, I think the 13th, 13th something like that. I thought it went into the okay. So June, July, I mean three months between the season, between the end of the season to the beginning. Right. That's a quick, that's quick. Well, you upset about that? Well, no, it's just a baseball six months football six months. Basketball is probably five or six months. Why is hockey so different? Because the playoffs go on because they got so many teams out of playoff's go on for an eternity. Okay, I don't have a problem with that, but it's only like three months between and then the playoff's. So what's the problem with that? What's the point, right? Who cares? No, no, it's not a question who cares. Why does it disturb you that there's only three months before it started up again? It doesn't disturb me. I just thought I'd bring that to your team. I am well aware of it. You are. I'm very well. And you know, something nobody is happier that it's coming back than I am. And I'm going to tell you something else. This group of people that bitched me out because I talked hockey all the way. See, the winter book we had a phenomenal rating book. I talked hockey a lot during then and based on the response of these people anything else I bring up. I might just talk hockey every day here, okay? Because at least I get some response to that. Do you have a problem that is absolutely nothing else that this audience of mine wants to talk about? I could sit here and have 4,275 different pressing things on a table. And these people won't respond to any of it. Don't have a problem. Let's talk about hockey. That's a good subject, Neil. Yeah. Second issue. What about it? What? Yeah. Well, you know, I'm an hockey fan. I watched two or three games last year. Yeah. In the playoff. Two or three games. That's an avid fan. Well, I like football. Yeah. So you're happy with Eric, isn't it? I'm happier than Ericson with Bernie. Yeah. Bernie is a, he's okay for a girl school. That's about it. All right. Now let's talk about the quarterback for Philadelphia. You think they'll go after George? Not if they got half a brain. Right. They also are talking about cutting him. Yeah. What do you think about the two? I think they're desperate. I think they'll do whatever they got to do because this Thai Demorism going to do the job. He's another one. Girls team. He's been trophy winner. Let me say it again. Longs on a girls team. Not going to get the job done. All right. They all enjoy talking to you. Okay. I'll have a great day. He's chronic. We have an open line on the Purple Line. Pound I OD. We have one in day. 7.5. We got one in Broward. 5.2.4. We got 42 on the green lines. And you're right. I thought that something magical and mysterious and phenomenal was going to happen. And you know what? It didn't. That's how stupid I am. That's how uninformed. That's how idiotic I am to delude myself and believing that something miraculous was going to happen the day that we finally were free from these bastards at Cox enterprises. And you know something? Nothing has changed because we're still in the same place. I'm not talking about the same building. We're still in the same bush league place. It's going to be like this until the billboards come out. Yeah. Right. When is that? When is that going to happen? Yeah. When is this gigantic promotional campaign taking place? Not that we're impatient to write anything on the first day. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. How's it going Neil? Yes sir. Let me tell you something. Being a Vietnam veteran does not make it damn better. Different from politics. Oh that guy with that guy was a bullzo. That guy was a jackass. Yeah. I don't even live in date County and I wouldn't vote for our deal. So only because I was to know it doesn't support that stupid arena. Right. But they're trying to waste money. You got one guy who's a puppet. One guy who's a puppet of the hero. The other guy who's got the balls to a flot, you know, to tell him to blow it out their ass. And that's the choice. It's going to make things a more commonly crime and much themselves down there. And they could throw more money in that and help them maybe clean up and help the community. Instead of picking another guy damn arena. Yeah. She's a weasel. What do they do? They're crazy. They're the mind. They're the another arena. You know, let's put the number arena for the he. Yeah. That's a good one. Why don't we waste more money on a bunch of overpaid pans these anyway. Okay. We're making you out in an excretion. Okay. I'll look. Thanks a lot. We have an open line in date 751946. And much to language 751 WOD. We got two in Broward 5249463524. What happened all those women we had called yesterday man. We had a crampload of women. We had thousands of women. We had them coming out of our earlobes. And what were they saying? Oh, we're so happy. Rod and Ron are pet and that was it. That's basically pretty much it. So I guess let's talk again about how great Ron and Ron were this morning. Man, we'll have women up the ass today. We'll have women come out of our earlobes. We'll have them coming out of the vents in the ceiling or something coming out of there. Just let me up. Okay. Just set the crowd. We know we know where I just set it up. Tell you right on this building. Here's a mobile in Voka. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just want to comment quickly on my view on the changes that have occurred at W-I-O-D. Yes sir. Let's go back to that again. Okay. We can probably milk a week out of that. Let's go back on that again. I just kind of say that I think the station right now is taking a serious downward turn. Because I don't like Ron and Ron. Yeah. I was never wild about Rick and Suds. You're God. And I love you. And I'll see you later. Oh yeah. I'm God. That's why I said that that's why my role in life is the city and beg to talk to people for hours every day. That's what my show is degenerated into the last several months. I'm just calling and pleading and begging for any response to anything, screaming into the wilderness, shouting into like a some deep dark hole somewhere. You're the only guy I'm going to listen to on that station. So at least the sex bitch was entertaining. No she knows she was not. She had. So her show was a detriment all the way around. See you're another one of these instant program directors. I mean obviously you're entirely your opinion. Her show had no positive impact on this station. In the ratings in income and anything. Her show was a detriment. I like to laugh at them. But let me say it again. The show had no benefit to the radio station. I mean the fact that you were a sexist pig that's beside the point. You know, I just think your show is great. Phil was great. Yeah. And I really like Rick and son. Well I love that young guy that calls me in the beginning of the show today and says, Well I thought you were going to talk about Phil for a couple of hours. I'm going to talk about needle nose. But what am I going to talk about Phil for a couple of hours about him? I'm going to just going to sit here and do a tribute and say he's great. He's great. He's great. Are you sure? Positive. He's great. But he's gone. Can we get takes it his show? You know how to get that from when he's out there. Have a great day, pal. Thanks. Okay. Find a life. We have an open line on the blue line and Broward 5249463524WildD and one on the green lines is in. Yeah. Let's get our Jeep Cherokee's in our pickup trucks already. And let's drive a convoy right down the damn Hershey highway. All right. That's what's on the fox it. He said, let's drive it right up. He's going to be in the car. Let's go. That's what Sunny said. That's why he ain't there no more. I think. See they went over there on 441. I'm telling you there's too many of those spots over there. You don't talk about too many of those watering holes on 441. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not a particularly stock guy. But I got a question for you. Do you feel like the government hypocritical when it comes to their stance on tobacco? You know something sir. We finally struck an intelligent voice and intelligent court in the conversation today. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I got a. Let me ask you something. You think Dan Quail was hypocritical in his stance on marriage. We need you to think so. On his stance on what? Marijuana. We. I don't know what. Requel stance was on marijuana. Oh, okay. What was it? He stood as close to what as he could. He said he was smoking if he could. Yeah. Okay, pal. Hope that the transplant works out okay for you. We have an open line in date. 751. Yahoo. No, we have had an impact I'm wrong about that. We're getting all the nose pickers now, man. All right. It's like being on a year back in Tampa again. That's what's going on here now. All right. And we have an open line on the green line. 1,800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. God, I sure missed those young who's over there. They call anyway. A lot of response. They don't see there pretty much all like that guy. But at least you get a lot of them. Okay. I know a lot. I'd rather have a million colors than one smart guy. I'd rather have a two million dummies. At least you have some fun with dummies. That one guy who thinks he knows what he's talking about, which most of the time they don't. So he sat out the last couple weeks of the season. Didn't he Roberto? Roberto Durán? Here's Haley. Hello. Now. Yes sir. How are we going, buddy? Great. I got you the good mood. What does it what does that mean? What are these colors that make call when you are dating? Don't worry about the other projects. I'm just worried about your sub two open lines in date. 7519. Another call from inside the building, by the way. 7519. 463. 751. Wiod. As we're starting to build a little bit of momentum. Not too much. We don't want to get carried away. We got let's see. 49 and 7 is 56 minutes until at the playoff game. Suppose to start and thank God this audience has no interest whatsoever. That means we won't have to worry that one or clock a whole bunch of people are going to turn out to go rushing home or rushing to a bar or get their little TV set out or God forbid on radio and be listening to some stupid baseball game. We should not want that, do we? So thank the Lord that nobody in this audience either cares or knows anything about baseball. Here's a Pompano Beach. Hello. Hello, now. Yes. I just call this thing that not everybody hates running around. Yeah. I think they're one of the best out there. Just take a little time to get back into swing a thing. Yeah. Just take a little time. Well, it's your taking me time to swing it. Well, you know, double going out there. I feel like some guy that's had his bat taken out of his hand. I keep trying to swing it and they're right nothing there. And the bat too. Well, you know, like any company, any business. You have your ups and downs and WI have the listen to probably eight or nine years and you have your good days in your bat day just like all of us. Yeah. Especially the women. Well, well, you know, like you're going through some changes and you got some new people coming aboard and being flip flopped around and you got to get into a routine again. That you particularly, you're always consistent. But the rest of your team, you know. Yeah, consistently desperate. I would say desperate. Desperate. Yeah, they do have good days. Yeah. You know, just like a dime. No, I don't have bad days. I always have great days. The audience has bad days. Well, then they need to be crushed. This town has bad days. Like 350 of me year. I wouldn't say that. Oh, I would. I would say this town is desperate and just thirsty for some kind of intelligence. This town is thirsty for a personality. This place is his bland as vanilla ice cream, man. But you've got to look in this way. If it wasn't out of where you wouldn't be on top all the time. That's a good point. So you've got to look at what I'm going to tell you. When I'm the most exciting thing going on in this town, that's the great, the ultimate indictment. Have a great day, pal. That's what Howard Gary said. He said it sounds like the ultimate indictment to me. And sees her odious said what you'd be talking about. He said, what kind of, what kind of language is that? For a spick like you. We have two open lines in, uh, Broward 5249463524WIOD, where it's 1213. Walking entertainment radio, 610WIOD. Proof the callers. Oh! In the fall, where's the quiet fall, where's the webit weeps tonight? I sneak wide off, I get in tight off, he needs to pay a more-wise. My gun is wet, he, my hand is steady, I've got him in my side. Don't wanna kill him, just wanna dwell him. I hope he's nice and tight. We're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we Okay. 128, 17and WWE Unity. Philadelphia Federal Court. There's still coconut takich over there. Less than an hour before the game has been загitated, under the changes. What! If you normally gonna cry, you wear a stud, you makes no advice if you stay here or you'll need more advice, okay? How many men do you demonstrate? You still doướng, we'll do a lot of stuff. Like we could do something with a projekt. We ne Algun stock to try and go over there. Less than an hour before the game is going to start and who cares. Thank God nobody cares. We have two open lines in Brough. We had a phenomenal response on there and they held on for about 30 seconds. That was the end of them. Two open lines in Broughard 5, 2, 4, and 2 on the green lines. Boy, I'm going to tell you. Don't ever count on the people in this town for a life. Here's Stewart on a purple line. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to say a couple things. Pressure. Call us all over the board today. It's called our everywhere. Hey. What does that mean? They're all over the board. We are talking about 15, 20, 30, 60 different things today. So what's wrong with that? Yeah, I don't know. They make me lose a lose track of what's going on. What is going on? What is going on? Like two cents and on baseball. Baseball sucks. They don't care about baseball. I mean, I'm sorry. I apologize that I even brought it up. I'm sorry that I mentioned it. I'm sorry. I, you know, some day I'll discover what they do care about, but it sure is nothing that I've ever discussed. They don't care about nothing. No, go back to hockey. They don't care about that either. Yeah. And I hope the remor gets that job. Maybe we'll get rid of fat ang. Yeah. So I'm going to tell you something. If they hired remor to be on from noon to three with syphilis or whoever they put them on it, the idea that fat hank would get up and walk out is so ludicrous. The day that remor walked into the first time, hank would be kissing his ass. Yeah, because you can bet your life on it. You know that. Yeah. The biggest phony ever to be born in the history of the human race. That's the fat man. I hate to jump on the dumb bandwagon, but I'm going to listen to you talk about the sports channel for the past three months. And I wasn't told I picked up my TV guide and found out that I'm not going to get to see the flyers and the panthers opening night. Well, what cable you got? I got a doffy and Del Ray Beach and they don't care to sports shell. I call them. Yes, they do. That's what we've been told. And I just called him yesterday. They said they carried the sports channel a few years ago and it was such a dog that they dumped it. And there's no way they're going to take it back on. So what do I do? I call him. I never heard a such a thing. We were told that everybody except TCI will have it on in time for the weekend. That's what I was told. I called the Del Fee cable yesterday in Del Ray Beach. Well, whoever you talked to, I think either either they're dispensing, baloney or we're beginning it. So if I go to a dish, I call it prime star and they said they don't care sports channel either. Yeah. What kind of a dish do I do? I haven't got any idea until this weekend. Okay. Because now I'm beginning to believe that I've been fed a lot of bullcraft. Because I'm going to tell you something. A sports channel is not on the smallest as of yesterday. I know that. So I'm not going to go tell you to go out and invest hundreds of dollars and then have you find out well as surprise you didn't get on there yet. See this thing, they waited way, way, way too long to get this thing going. Do you know what I'm saying? In other words, it was way down to road after the season that sunshine, you know, that they decided it was going to be on sports channel because we in owns it. It was backed up again, like the guy said before, there was only three months in between the seasons and it's backed up against the time limit. And now here we are a few days away from opening night Saturday and nobody knows what's going on. I just want to watch my pants. That's all right. I understand. So does everybody else, but in the meantime, I'm not going to sit here and pretend that I know what it is because I haven't had any of it. I've been fed a lot of baloney. Thank you, Neil. Okay, good luck to us, pal. Here you know Peter North Scott. Okay. We have an open line on a purple line, pound IOD. I'm positive that I was told. In fact, I don't want to bring rumors name back up to this again, but we discussed that last time it was here right couple of weeks ago. Everybody's going to have it. I keep getting assured of that the small dish. They're going to have it. And now we're finding out like from this guy. He calls his cable. People I say, hey, forget it. You ain't going to get it. TCI, you're not going to get it. Is there anybody out there who thinks that they might be able to see it? I know I'll see it because I got the big dish. It'll be on F1 21 on Saturday night if you got the big dish. If not, well, hey, good luck to us. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like an honest opinion. Yeah. What is that trash they have on in the morning now? I mean, are those guys supposed to be even remotely amusing? I got news for you, man. They got a big audience. I mean, I think I can. You say you want an honest opinion and you start out by saying, what is that trash? If you don't like it, what can I tell you? I mean, either like it or you don't like it or you give it a chance or you don't give it a chance. I did, but they had a following down here. Yes, they did. Yes, they did. They had gigantic numbers here. Yes. OK. On Zeta. OK. So it's not for you. I guess not. OK, Pat. I have a good one. See, you know, you want to do that the rest of the week. Go ahead. Be my guest. I mean, it's boring. It's taking a long cat nap on the middle of the mountain somewhere. But hey, if that's what turns your crank. Open line in date, 751 to enbroward, 524 as we're in the middle of a gigantic transition here. Like I said, here's four louder, Dale, on the purple line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Does this switch over mean that we've lost smoke this? I haven't got any idea. You can only hope. I say, we go. We lost Neil won't like it, too. Yeah. I have no idea about the weekend programming. I have no idea about the new guy at night when he's going to start. D-Fo is here the month of October, whether he's going to be her beyond that. I don't know. Do we know who's going to be on in night? I don't know. OK. I was listening to smoke this last weekend. Yeah. Unfortunately, I was trapped. He's a legend. His own mind, Dave. What do you watch from that guy? Tell him. Is that Dave Graveline? No, it is not. It's Dave Zeppler with. Oh, thank God. Because the voice, the inflection he was using, I thought to myself, oh, my God. This is Dave Graveline with a new scam. Yeah. But I feel better now knowing it's somebody else. So where's Davey Graveline? It's a guard general. It's Dave Zeppler with his man. This is a Jewish guy. Don't start the column, Davey Graveline. Long issues. Right. OK. I'm out of material. OK, pal. Thanks for your great call. Purple line is open. Pound IOD. We got one in a, uh, Broward 5249463. Ehh! Ehh! God. Oh, my God. Please save us from this. I think I'm ready to turn to religion. OK, it's never too late. Here's a lady in Carl Springs. Hello. Neil, I am a lady. Yeah. I hate Ron and Ron. Yeah. So we listened to Bow on Power 96 this morning. Yeah. And switch back and forth. Well, why do you say it would such a hussie would such a van? Because I don't understand how anybody can say they enjoy him. They have this about 15 people and know everybody's saying they don't want to. Well, you know something we had a lot of calls yesterday. I know. We can't have them. OK, just like I'm back. So in some other words, you're going to call me every day now and tell me they're like you want to get out of here. I don't want the same women at call. I want different women. Not the same people to call it. She's like the gambling. I go to Atlantic City with that loser. Well, yeah. Maybe he can kidnap that bitch and take her to Atlantic City with them. She calls yesterday to tell me she didn't like Ron and Ron. And now she feels compelled to call me again to tell me the same thing. What a bunch of children, man. If you don't like it like you said, you turned over power 96. I hope you loved it. Life goes on. It's like we somehow have an obligation to put something on an everyday part that everybody's going to like. We never had that before. But now suddenly we've got an obligation. We're going to have something on morning, noon, and night for the lifeless out there. For people who have no life except their little radio. I have my life in my hand in my radio, too. Oh, my God. It take up a hobby, sweetheart. Go out for a good brisk walk in the morning or just a good brisk. Here's the Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Look, I just want to give my personal opinion with all these idiots who keep on talking about Ron and Ron. Yes. I think everybody should hear and listen to whoever the hell they want to listen to. Right. And screw them. They've been on here for two days here and I got a woman calls me both days to tell me that she doesn't like them. My opinion is the ultimate barometer of human faith. I know what you mean. I mean, these people are really stupid, man. If you like it, fine. If you don't like, I hope they do a 10 share for my own selfish purposes. And they'll do well or poorly. We guardless of whether I listen to it or not. So what does that mean? I don't know what it means. I get so this is the nature of this town. OK, is they've got a death wish for everybody. Somebody can come on here for five minutes here. And right away, they're ready to run them out of town on a rail. It's always been that way. I've been here for 20 years. It's never been any different. Oh, my amuseful of assholes, man. No kidding. Can I say something in my brother one here? Yes, sir. Dean Flamme. Thank you. Thank God he didn't say something we understand. What's that Lula? I know what he said. Just calm down. Will you super-spick this? Just put a lid on it. OK, you're like not in your head. You're nodding in Bob and OK. I thought I was weaving. Your Bob and Woods Robin. 12-20 on, by the way, Barbara Bowie. 12-20-8 at WIOD. Talking entertainment radio, 6-10-WI-O-D. 12-31 at WIOD wouldn't you leave it to us to get the story behind the story. Somebody who had dinner with an empire who once was an ant or an animal or somebody who once was or lunch or breakfast or a snack or a slice of pizza at a subway. It says that John Hirschbeck's comment to Alabama that said him off is after they got into the argument about the ball in the strike call. Hirschbeck says you little sucker. So I guess now you have to ask yourself, because now it's 12-31, 36 minutes away. There's Alabama taking badding practice right now as I speak by the way in the Camden yards. And they're still in court. They're still in federal court and Philadelphia. And they're still like Major League Baseball as Suing because needless to say the empires aren't legally supposed to be able to strike. So if somebody called you a filthy little sucker would you spit in their face, there's something where you just start thinking about all yourself righteous guys that call me for. Do something in their post? Scourge court? Exactly. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, parallel lines of two children man and girl up one or more. What? Let me ask you a question. Have you got like a sock over the phone or what? Oh man, I'm just keep dropping the telephone on the floor. Yeah. Can't understand a word. Can't understand a word. Can't understand a word you're saying man. It sounds like you got any pounds of mush on your phone. We have an open line in date, 751. What the hell was he talking about? Anybody got a clue? Here's a bokeh. Hello. Boca. Okay. Let's move in right along. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, doing I have a little opinion on the Hummer's deal. Yeah. It's obvious that he's obsessed with you. So I think he's all jealousy since rumors friends are there. Yeah. Well, isn't that pretty juvenile, huh? Yep. Infantile. And by the way, it's a show with rumor or a great one. He's on the show with you because he's not coming on a show again unless he's got the balls to open up a mouth and stand up for himself. You know, you don't need to stupid to his level. That's not the point, but the point is you can't keep whining and whining and whining that somebody is picking on you and attacking you without having to balls to, you know, to tell it like it is. You know, when you're in a lady, you've got to stand up for yourself. You've got to fight your battle. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, including Neil, I got a boner to pick with you. Okay, I'm a hub on this. We have an open line in date, 7519463, 751. Here's Marguade. Hello. Marguade. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I got to give you a little update on a TCI situation up here. I got to have to phone with them. It's going to be a premium channel. Yeah. I got to get doesn't want to pay for it. It's going to work out to about a dollar game. So everybody's starting to win. Starting to win. Starting to see you later. Starting win. Well, that's the problem. They don't know exactly when. I'm very insist over the situation. And there was a PR lady on the other station this morning who gave them a tremendous major run around. She said nothing for 10 minutes about the whole situation. Yeah. Now what I heard also, one of the cable companies down in Miami is taking a look at the U.S. I think that's a fair trade. Right. I don't think it's fair at all. I think they should take off the food channel or one of those Bible-thumping channels or one of those country music knows pretty much. I got religious channels, Spanish channels, and stuff that I really don't need. No, you have asked me what I would like. Well, they don't care. They just want to make it. The point is also, the FCC is working on a situation whereby, if you live in a kind of a medium, you will be able to put a dish up on your roof, which you cannot do now. And what I was told by one of the radio-shack people who I was in touch with is to keep watching the news. The FCC is working on it because there are thousands and thousands of people who are out of the market for a small dish because of that situation. So that will be coming eventually also. There's no time table on it, but it's being worked on. Well, the FCC already passed the first part of the legislation that takes away from the condos. Most of their authority to tell you where you can stick it and how you can put it. Absolutely. Right. Okay, because I inquired, I would be the first one to put up with. But let me say it to you again for the eight millionth time. Okay. Because I'm tired. I'm trying to help out the panthers. I always do. I'm trying to help out sports channel because that's the home of the panthers. But you know something I'm tired of going on here and being given misinformation of telling people, oh yes, it's going to be on a small dish. It's going to be on a delfier. And then people make it in phone calls and finding out, well, guess what, not yet. And who knows when? TCI of Pira and Clark. Forget about TCI. Okay. I'm telling you what they told me, eventually will be on as you know something eventually the world is going to freeze too. But don't hold your breath. But I'd be at the range of game in person so at least I catch the first one. Well, thank God for that. I got it. Okay. Good luck, pal. Hi. Two obviously there's one thing. It's bad enough to be used by people which I'm used to. We're all get used in the media. But if you're going to be used and you have the best of intentions, at least give me the right information, at least inform me. At least give me something correct to put out there to the public. So they know whether they're going to have the stuff or they got to go to Tony's bar or they got to go over to Rosie Paymont's place up there in order to watch a hockey game. Here's Del Ray Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. About that sports channel. There's four different divisions of a Del Fier cable. And the Del Fier and Boing Del Ray does not carry sports channel. Yeah. And Palm Beach Gardens and South Martin County. They do on Channel 50. The West Boca, they do not carry the sports channel and a Del Fier and West South Central. It's on Channel 30. Wow. You know something. What you just told me there is more than my mind can comprehend. You know what I'm saying? In other words, if I'm supposed to be sports sports channel central and I'm supposed to have the information, how the hell am I going to know when they all got their testicles and tentacles and 100 different directions? How am I going to know? I'm reading from the official conversion chart as of October 5, 96. Yeah. And I'm just going by what I read. I'm saying the same, but sports channel is carried by Del Fier, but in different sections. That's like I said there's four different divisions of a Del Fier. And they don't carry it in West Boca, they don't carry it in Moind Del Ray area. But in other areas that they have contracts with, like I said Palm Beach Gardens and Mark South Martin, they do carry sports channel in Channel 50. Okay. That's what I just thought I'd like to make it a road map right now. Thanks a lot, pal. Have a great day. Okay. First man, if we got any idea or what? We got two open lines and Broward 5249463, one on a green line, the flyers and the a panther centered in and on sports channel does anybody have it yet. Let me say it again, if you got the big dish F124, no sparkle or 21, sorry F121, which is Greek to 99% of you because you don't have a big dish and you wouldn't know where to stick it if you had it. Here's Oakland Park on a purple line, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. How you doing, pal? I'm the best I can out of the circumstances man, do it the best I can with a mediocre lot that I've been cast in life. Well, let me just make a comment about the Ron and Ron show. Yes. I was a faithful listener during the old day to days when they had a cast of thousands. Right. Now the show is a little different being that now it's a three-sum. You just got to give it some time because they really are funny. If you listen to their thoughts, Howard's firm if you know what I mean. Okay. So for your brilliant comment and your obscenity. We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD if you had mobile one cell, 18 T wireless, the packs and people paid for it. I'd be like that. They got the money, they can handle it and we got an open line in Broward, 524946, 32524. So it's 1238. We got 29 minutes until the first game of the playoffs is supposed to start between the Orioles and the Indians. And here's Peter Gammon sitting there pontificating with every hero in his head as gray as the fallen snow. And that's it and life goes on in America. You little sucker. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Just a comment on the Empire situation. I've inspired in various levels all the way up to senior league and American legion ball. And the first thing you're taught is an Empire is you're supposed to have rabbit ears. No matter what goes on, you are there just as a mediator. You're not supposed to be a dream on. Not as proud of guys we got today. Well I understand that and as you said back were on pires that were there to do on piring and not to be stars. Today we have too many stars that are on pires also. And I think that kind of the problem everybody is still afraid of being shown up. They're more worried about being shown up and doing their job. To me this is the idea that they're threatening to walk off just because Alamar is going to be on the field that is beyond absurd. Did you ever read Dave Paloan's book you know the former American legion part? Yes I did. I mean actually legion part. And I mean that was written years ago and he goes on a great length about his battles with Pete Rose and about how Almpar is routinely with single guys out and no matter where the pitch was they would call it a striker no matter how far they were safe they would call him out. And this is nothing new. This has been going on for a long time. I agree but to make an issue out of one and I agree that he shouldn't have spent his face I agree that there should have been some penalty for that but the idea of threatening to just to boycott the playoff in the series is just at the search. Yep. Okay pal. Okay thanks a lot. Okay we have an open line in Broward 524. There's John Miller talk about a fat face to far there's John Miller getting ready to do the game course the Orals and Indians we know he'll be objected since he's the Orals and Alter. Maybe at least if he doesn't do any impersonations during a game that'll be an improvement. Okay I'll tell you one thing right now John Miller couldn't carry Mel Proctor's jock strap. When it comes to broadcasting baseball John Miller reminds me of somebody we have locally which I don't want to mention Jo Angel's name. Great voice could be fantastic but he's more obsessed with the try to be a comedian and would be an impersonator and all this other stuff and just instead of concentrating on a game so he's does that stage excitement. Stage fake excitement. I mean if you're calling the exciting game you shouldn't have to fake it. It's like a fake orgasm okay if it's going pretty good for you you shouldn't have to fake it. But hey what can I tell you so what have we got there we got a bunch of crap what have we got we got the stuff from what's what's his name should try one of those croquettes. I don't it just doesn't trust something like something I should try it. Yeah so CJC's here are you still here or what? I've been here every day that's where I've been where have you been? Yeah that's sure. Are you still here or what are your what's your story your Cox person now or like Oh you came back from the packs and lunch and how was it? It sucked yeah that's why they came back here to bring us some good food. So here's the stuff from what used to be deliciosa bakery which is now called the delightful bakery in West Kendall and what is it? Yeah but what about the chicken croquettes that George was just raving about what what is that chicken croquettes sounds like for goiam it doesn't sound like something I would enjoy it all it's for goiam. How can these have like these are breaded? I guess it's that soy meal stuff or something he says it's low-carmed. Hey I'll eat him if you don't like him. Is there something you like dip him in? They're can be but not as rural. You dip him in your what? Correct them. Yeah. I don't know what that is what what is it? It looks like it's pre-tasted. Looks like to the salad. Chicken salad. Chicken what or salad? So thanks JayC it's nice to see JayC it's still well this he was just over the packs and lunch where was the food from? Well I guess we better not say he said it was pretty weak it was not to our usual spectacular standards is what he said. So the chicken croquettes are delicious even though they're not like the I don't know what they are. Here's Pompano hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? Okay. Neil I'm pretty tired of the misinformation and there's a certain that you would get them barred with all over and I'm just tired of a certain fat sports sports cast or whatever you want to call them or whatever you want. The sports hog? Yeah. The sports pig? In any other market Neil he would be tending bar and that would be his occupation. Yeah. For instance he is such a phony he claims that he knows the NFL on Friday he said used him with the best bet of the weekend. I'm sorry. He said San Diego Kansas City would with the Kansas City with the second best he had and finally made up his mind in that game Kansas City with the second best bet. Yeah. He said he would make who probably followed his lead and booked those games that way. I remember when we had the breeders crown at Gulf Stream the last time. One was a couple years ago. He made his picks in every one of the 10 races. I mean the breeders cup and every one, everyone he finished was off the board. He never got one race right out of 10. He's looking on a reputation that was never there to begin with. And to have the influence over people, the way he does, it's people should get hip and know that he doesn't know what he's talking about. I'm just part of him. Well there's that certain element of people who want to gamble on every game that they watch and if they can't gamble on it, they have no interest to aren't really sports fans anywhere. They're just compulsive gamblers. And that's basically his crowd. And evidently there must be a lot of them. You're probably right. He probably is a chronic gambling properly. I'm losing a lot of money every year. Yeah. Anyway, I enjoy your show. I miss Phil Henry, but run a runner. Okay. Okay, pal. Thank you. Well there's a guy said that they're, um, he's okay. It's what he said. So anyway, it's 1245. I'm thinking about it. Okay. He's looking in here like, are you going to do the break now or are you just thinking, I'm thinking about that. A man radio, 16 WIOD. So this is like rice pudding without the rice. Did you taste this? No. This is this good. Mm-hmm. I wonder how many carbs there are on this. Obviously not much. Oh, God is that good. From our friend Jorge, down at the delightful bakery, which used to be delicious, a bakery, which is located at, uh, I don't know. It's sunset in 150 first-of-a-f West in West Kendall. I think that's where it sounds right to me. Here is a candle. Hello. Hey, I'm Koleon. Yes, sir. How are you? I already thank you, I already go on a thank you for my tape parting. Okay? I appreciate it. What we got two people I call it and say thank you. Much good. Well, you know, people always make a point call back and thank you. I took your advice, I gave Warren Rona chance. I listened to him yesterday, but today we're not bad. Today's show is much better in yesterday. And I actually came to the conclusion. I think I'm pretty much on the butt. Their show in it on the top is not bad at all. It's their dumb red neck, how is that? You know, something that I was when I was driving to work this morning, I was thinking, once people in Miami know more of their Miami crowd, because if you notice the people who have discovered them are calling from down here, don't sound like that. They sound like real people, someone who's shocking. Right. Yeah. And I was thinking, once we get fewer of those Yahoo's on here, it'll make for a much more livable show. But then I come in here and if you listen to the calls that I'm getting, I'm thinking to myself, who the hell am I to be making judgments about colors on anybody's show? Yeah, I know. It's unbelievable. But every day that I work in this market, it's like the first day I come in here. Seriously. But I got this bitch that calls a while ago that wants to call for the second day in a row to tell me her same opinion she don't like Ron and Ryan. Like it like she's compelled to tell us. Well, I took advice and I'll give another chance and I'm probably will lean towards them. You know, they got to get used to it. Or not as the case may bring whatever. But you know, I took advice. You know, like my station doesn't change. It was two guys all the time when I went, you know, when I had the chance to get night. So I prefer to keep it that way if I can help it. Okay. Okay. When we press the fake hand, yeah. We'll keep it with daddy using his fingers at two. Okay. Have a great day. I'll take care. By the way, I'm not sure if that's the same disc with that other one. You know, the Jesus Exceptron one, which somehow mysteriously disappeared out of the box by the way, could that have been an active God? Good thing we put them on the best of. Yeah, it's right. It's good thing they're at the run of best of and that they've been preserved for the posterity. We'll soon or later get them back. Open line in day 75 one. We got what in Broward 524 one on a green line. One of each color. How do you like that? We got a purple one and a red one. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay. Listen, I'm talking about fat asses. Asses way too fat to fit in the seats they sit in. No. And who was the genius that put it in Goldberg on sports jam live? I mean, at least on radio. We don't have to see his face. He's there sweating it out big time and that jacket he's got on. It's like three sizes too small. Yeah. What's his problem? I think it's one word fat. I think that's the word. No, it's beyond fat. Yeah. Maybe it's. Maybe that's what it is. And I don't know where. I mean, people betting on the guy has never played a down of football in his life. Yeah. I don't think he's ever written on what he break any horses back. Yeah. So where's the next bird? I don't know where he gets off calling himself an expert on. Fact is that's him. We got two open lines in day. 7 5 1 W.au. D. We got one in Broward 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 1 on the green line as we continue searching for a collar who's we've had a few not many. And as far as the women are concerned, if she thinks that she was doing the favor by call back the second day in a row, how can I say I'm trying to after yet see yesterday was just a false alarm. I must be the dumbest guy on the face of the earth to get sucked in to those first two hours yesterday. Oh my god. Look what's going on here. Sure ain't happening again. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey Neil, I already. Okay. About these umpires. They think that they're the damn game themselves, especially the baseball umpires. Yeah. They get involved with the personalities of the guys on the other team. And it's the same in every sport. And the hockey referees are even worse. They're performance is the worst it has ever been. I couldn't even name one that I would consider good anymore. And they like they're destroying the game. Yep. And they're all with the person if it's at some of the touch of the air. Glendros boomies in the box. Yeah. Glendros can sit there and hack on people all day. Forget about it. It's like it's like the game that the panthers played against Washington last year up in Washington. And Paul Stewart was the referee. And and butchered so many gave us so many penalties. We were too many short for like and almost cost us the game. So then he turns around and compensated by by calling 100 penalties on a capitals until we finally went ahead and won the game. I have never seen such a butcher job in a hockey game as Paul Stewart did that night. It was unbelievable. And he's another one who's you know become a real big personality in his own mind. Yeah. And this thing about even and things up all the time. What the hell's that all about? I mean call the game according to the game. Yeah. That philosophy is if you make one mistake making two is better than one. That's ridiculous. And these baseball. I'm so squeeze in the strike zone. So damn small. Yeah. I wonder the guys are all hitting 50 home runs. I mean you got to throw it in a symbol to get a call strike. It's ridiculous. Paul goes across the guys belt line and it's high. Give me a break. Yeah. Well, once a pound of time there was a definitive strike zone. It used to be from the knees to the armpits. You know that in addition to which it sounds like the beginning of that is chopped off. Because we're used to that news part. We chopped it off man. We chopped the thing right off. It's the water to two hours. Okay. Here's four. Shut up already cut the crap. It's the water to two hours. Four Latterdale. Hello. Yes sir. It's the water. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I enjoy your show. I just want to I want quick question. I hope the phone is phone that you put a few days ago. Play it by play. So it on the radio. Who performed it? Yeah. Some guy. Okay. You know if it's available or on. Yeah. I'll get the now. See, is here we go. So in other words, you don't really want to talk to me. You just want to ask me some sort of question. Oh, brother. Oh, this town man. What am I going to do? Phil Henry had the right idea. He made the right move. I hope you're still in town and listening on a way out. You were right. I was wrong. It's baseball's greatest hits. Volume two. Is the name of the album? Okay. Are you? And it's Terry Cashman. Did that particular cut, but it's on the album. Baseball's greatest hits. It's on CD because that whatever. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Yeah, I get goosebumps on my back. When I hear that song, that's what that guy said. We have an open line in date. 751. We got all a Broward waiting on your 5249463524. We just don't care. There's nothing that you can say to move us off the dime, Mr. We just don't care. We don't like you. We hate you like poison. And we have two open lines on the green lines. Oh, the baseball games coming on. It's time for Louise Miguel. I think. The weases get ready to open his push right now. Here's what is that with Hollywood? Is this like the comedy hour now and that thing or what? Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. What is this? I've listened to all the comments. About the Ron and Ron show. Yes sir. And what these people I get so realized is that if they could have seen their outdoor venues that they had down here, where the police had to block off for miles. They have a brilliant listeners. That's right. And just give them a chance and we're alive. No, you didn't know. Wait a minute. It's kind of the new was given a chance. If they like it, fine. If they don't like it, fine. They're not going anywhere. They're going to be there. No. No. They are stringed down a little bit. There are two members that are no longer with them. Right. That probably drew in that flipper or whatever it was. Yeah, he's flicking. He's doing this satellite. That's a good crowd thing or whatever. But I'm sure of these guys. Once they get a chance, they're going to have, you know, as big as all the ins there is. And that's going to bleed over into you guys to rest of the day. That's what I'm hoping for. You see, one thing people don't get and of course they don't really care. They're just selfish and interested in their own thing. But there hasn't been one word of promotion. I mean, there was a silly little article in the newspaper that nobody reads. And that was it. Other than that, the Ron and Rod audience, 99% of the people down here who liked them, they don't even know they're back on the area. Exactly. That's exactly right. Exactly right. So for me to sit here the second day that they've been on the air and expect to see some visible and audible change here, it ain't going to happen. Right. I spoke with them yesterday Monday morning at about 615 and welcome to the back and they were telling me off the air that they're going to make Miami their home base. Right. They're coming to join in. Right. Are they going to be broadcasting out of your studio? Sure. Is that right? Right. I didn't know that. What brought about that change? I mean, when does that happen? What do you mean what brought it to the ground? Is that part of the whole deal that transpired? Sure. I mean, if the IOD is going to be the main station on the Ron and Rod network, this is the biggest market. So it would make all the sense in the world for them to be based here. And for more of their material to be about what's going on here, we don't give a damn about the Tampa Bay bucks or the lightning or about a lot of the Yahoo stuff that's going on over there. Right. So the fact that they can concentrate more on what's happening here and make this better piece of the show that's going to help a lot. Right. One more thing, boy, I'm glad you're not a full time sports talk show because I've never really listened to one. And these callers talking about the baseball spitting and that's the boy that's the capital be for boring. You talk about not only boring, but they don't know what they're talking about. No. I mean, it could be very interesting if you were talking with somebody in the new way they were talking about, but they're just talking out their ass. They don't know what they're talking about. No. So Yahoo, reeds an article in the Marmy Harold and they get on the phone and they're there exactly you got it. Okay. Have a great day, pal. We have an open line of day, 7519463, 751 Mahabon and we have two open lines in Broward, 524 Boba, buoy, 5249463. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yes, sir. How about those panzers this weekend? Yeah. They said, look, they sent a rail down to the junior. Oh, yeah. He's not going to be. He's never gone. We've had a stupid plotting. What about the fighter? They want to get up in the bar up in the morning. Yeah. He's still on the squad at the end of the moment. I like the way you said the other one. That was kind of interesting. Maybe the other black guy was the bunch out this year. What can you say? Yeah. But where are your seats there? The Nevada spot. I thought you were down like behind the goal on the on one side. Not anymore. You moved. Yeah. We've been through the 1980s, but we're just going to be the first 8006 man and we're regretting every second of it. Yeah, because we're like 1-02, which is pretty good. See, try it there behind. Well, the seats are okay. But the we'll see what happens in that fruit with that Ranger game. I'm going to tell you if we had to nightmare that Philadelphia exhibition game. We had a bunch of rowdy in considerate obnoxious assholes. If there are behavior is the same on the Ranger game. Not just Routy, but just inconsiderate and people that had no interest in the game or letting anybody else watch it and trust me what I tell you Adam, which is the guy's name not you Adam, but another Adam. This guy and his cohorts of Jackasses are going to either learn how to watch a game and let other people enjoy it or they can watch it on the outside. Well, most of the people in our section are prancing back and forth to the club underneath. I'm going to tell you, we made a bad mistake. See, I didn't have any choice because they eliminated the seats that I used to sit in because it's handicapped up there now 125. So those rows, the last two rows and they don't even exist anymore. Well, they took them out of 102 as well. So we thought we were getting the big favorite done for us by moving to 106 because it's, you know, still row R, but it's like right between the blue line and center-rise. Would you would think would be a great spot, but you got the blind spot along the near boards where you can't see anything. And then you got people leaning forward and last lap and everything and it's a nightmare. Well, this still have a good season this year. We'll enjoy it. Okay, if we can see it. Let me throw something in on the some power, Alabama or thing. Yes, sir. I take it, but you're, you have an opinion on what precipitated all that crap. Yeah. Well, I think the empires are getting out of hand too. I think they're taking people out of games for no reason at all. They're going up players like Chef Hill, Time and Time again. And every time. They made a bugery call. A bone hit call on that strike. And, you know, it's like they're playing for the playoff. Right. And he's been complaining about it from the dugout. He came out in the Empire called, uh, Alabama or a little sucker. How do you like that? Yeah. And I mean, I don't condone what Alamar did. It's didn't know. It was kind of childish and stupid. But, you know, this whole thing and now they're going to walk out in another half hour. No, no, they're, they're, they're there right now. They showed up. Oh, they're playing. Yeah, they had to change your heart. They didn't get the injection against them. They did get the injection against them walking out. Okay. Well, they didn't have a change of heart. They like, we're getting ready to lose a bunch of money. They were getting ready to lose their jobs. They were forced down to. And they said, well, I guess what, uh, we'll do it another way. So, right in the Empire's or, or board of blame for all of this crap. Did anybody, they're doing it. They're doing it. They're on a power trip. Yeah, they're on a real big, dark trip and half of them about to down the field. Kill the Empire, man. Well, what can you say? They've been done that for 100 years too. Okay. Have a great day. You too, Neil. Open line and date. Ehh. 7.519463. What in Broward? 5249463. So, JC went down to get his check. And I said, uh, we got one last day from the Cox people that were getting paid for, which was yesterday, which was our last Cox date, which I really thought was going to change something in my life and evidently did not at all, which is very depressing. I'm going to go home and blow my brains out right after the game is over. Well, no, before you croak you want to fight out how the game came out. Don't you? Uhhh. That's what Dr. Jackson says. He says, before you put that plastic bag over your head and take those barbature, it's be sure to watch you a ninth inning of the game. Unless, of course, it goes extra innings. Then you might have time to change your mind. Hmm. Oh, man. Oh, God. That strawberry moose is so good. I mean, I can't begin to tell you the last time I had anything that's had as fine in my mouth. Especially the first day for Paxton. We have an open line at Broward 5249463524WOD and a couple on a green lines, 1-800. Let's blow this joint. Here's a mobile and pop at OB, Chillow. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The other day I was listening to you, you had mentioned about the racing season, not the Parpanoke, you didn't kick off. Is that proud of you? Right, Friday and Saturday. Right. What time is Friday night at starter? 730. Cool. Can you pick them? Yeah, I can pick them at the best. I usually use my little finger instead of my index finger. I'll see you there, pal. All right, bud. All right. Two open lines at Broward 5249463 on a desperate Tuesday man. What a, what a change. What a let down after yesterday's phenomenal. I thought that this was a love fest. I thought that we had turned a corner. I thought that we were emancipated. I thought that life was going to be worth living. And man, just a sock in the post. I mean, spitting in the faces, nothing compared to what I get just about every day. Spitting in somebody's face is little league. It's baby crap compared to what goes on here. As the audience just basically dares you. Defies you. Defies you to make it through the four hours without absolute self-immolation. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, you're doing. Okay, sir. Listen, I know it's not fashionable, but I'm going to refuse somebody's call or set a better fashion base for all right. Number one. Like I said, I, somebody's people don't have a mind of their own. As far as excitement, you cannot tell me that base for the last month and less. Your playoff were not as exciting as any football game that I've seen other. Baseball is pretty boring. Neil, you're going to tell me that the Yankee Seattle series was not exciting last year. I couldn't care less. Well, I said you're a ping-pong. I could, the only way I could care less of Seattle beat some, then I'm happy. The Yankee is what I get very depressed. But you're like, how could you say that when two years ago before the strike, you were talking about the cousin, how baseball was a good sport to watch and relax. I used to love baseball. You used to. I think like in like most people with a brain, I decided that it's just a not worth the aggravation anymore. I watched it because it's there during the summertime and the summer here is so boring that anything you can find on the dish, you know, just have it there because it's there. But during the regular season, baseball is like taking a, I'd rather take a good nap is more refreshing and revitalizing than wasting two, three hours on a ball game. Well, as I said, that you're a ping-pong, but if you were to watch your up the playoff or the wild card races this year, it has been exciting baseball. I'll tell you right now, NFL has not done a darn thing for me this year. They have not been exciting. Well, you know, something I agree with you. I think I think the, I've said that myself that I'm getting really star on football. In fact, even though I'm not much of a college football fan, some of the more exciting. Well, of course, most of the college games are 77 to three anyway because they're playing girls school. In fact, but when you do have a game that's pretty interesting, like go high or state beat in the snow, out of Notre Dame, that's entertaining only because you hate a particular school. Okay, I created Wisconsin and Penn State was exciting. Kid did just miss the 47 yard field goal in the final couple of seconds. I would have tied it up for Wisconsin. Exactly. I agree with you. But football, I would agree. Football has gone downhill. And again, the reason with most sports is because the delusion of talent with the tremendous expansion has created. It's a farce. It's a farce. That's the one thing that saved hockey is farce the expansion is the fact they were able to get all the European and the Russian players and the Swedish players. This is the only thing that saved hockey. I agree with you on that point. Okay, but it's very, it's a well, I'm a firm believer that's not a baseball town. Well, there's no question about that. That's not even debatable. Park from and buried. Pull down here is boring. I find the marlins. The marlins are the most boring team in history. Exactly. And they finished only two games under 500. They come out like a house on fire and nobody cares. Nobody cares. Right. I'm not a particular fan of national baseball. I'm an American League club fan. But the bottom line is I have watched a lot of the game and watching them on the edition everything. And the last wildcard race and the last month has been very exciting. And I'll tell you what, a guy catches a ground ball. He doesn't do a dance like a guy that makes a tackle does. Yeah. All right. I'm getting a little tired of that crap. But it seems to be visual and things like very bonds and Albert Beldy. Do you think that they're a credit to the game? No, they're not. But you know what, they're the exception. They're not the general rule though. I mean, you don't have that many guys that sit there and so grandize when they do. Yeah. The exception like those guys. But for the most part, you look around. You don't see guys doing that. You don't see guys doing dances because they made a put out or they got into this on a ground wall or something like that. You know, I mean, it's basically like I said, it's fashionable to bash baseball. But there are a lot of problems in the other sports. Amen. All right. Okay. Thanks a lot. He's on right now. All right. See you. Okay. The game is on. At the time, I'll release. We found that what the word was. It was you little sucker was the word. Did you say dick? I didn't know you were leaving. We're going to just surprise me. Did you know he was leaving? He must be. After that. No, I did not say dick. Oh, I think I'm looking at one. Now, who is that? That's a big secret for the break. What do you mean for the break? Some fat frontiers. For off here. Not fat rich. Okay. It's not fat rich. It is fat rich. Yes. What does he want? He has a secret message. Oh, Jesus, God. Have you ever been tempted just to tell me just to take all your possessions and your dogs to just clean out your bank account? If your bank can get it right. And just take off. Just hall ass and start over brand new, get like new scenery, you know? One 13 at Wildn. Radio. 610 Wild. When I was little, I was a skinny little punk. They wouldn't let me play basketball. The games used to push me around. Even though how old is feet to crap out of me. But then I started drinking milk. And I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And now I'm a 6 foot 5 inch 285 pound angry mother. And I'm gonna put some serious on everybody who ever dismay. You fucking mean you go home in a body bag. Because I'm a natural born milk-free kid killer. Milk. It does a body cool. So what the f*** you think this is anyway? So there was fat rich. You're hawking a trinic about the hockey tickets and about sitting here and sitting there. And again, you know, try to do his best. But I told him forget to rich. I'm getting in my car. I'm hopping in there with the dogs. I'm taking him clean it out all my accounts. I'm taking a whole suitcase full of cash. And I'm heading to east. I think just anywhere at this point. We have two open lines in Dave County, 7519463. The Indians and the Orioles are playing in canned NDR. It's baby. They're ready to rock and roll. They're gonna do it. Any second. They're just getting ready to do it. Here's the four-later day. Hello. Okay. We're on hold there. Blow it out. Here's open line of brown. Here's a lady in Laterday. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, Neil, hi. Talk to me about it, Lee. We're leaving on October 26th for two solid weeks. And we all would all feel you. You got us all excited. You sound very excited. I'm so like you're on the river. I'm not a coma. No, I'm not a coma. I'm not a coma. It's not like a coma. Come on. You do you sound a coma toast? Oh, me? I don't sound so much. I'm very depressed. I thought you'd dog peed on your leg or something. No, I'm just thrilled to death. Yeah. The only thing is I made the mistake of buying one of those travel books. And they're talking about personaging and people going buy them motorcycles and wrong We're doing. Well, what do you forget about that? Just ignore it. Yeah. I am. I just got a money belt. Now I will need to some money to put in it. Right. But we have to go through New York because that's where it's dangerous. I know. If you get out of New York, if you get out of New York alive, then you'll be okay once you get to Italy. But New York, I'm not so sure. Well, we can't go anywhere because there's not enough time between flights. I would rather have gone out of Italia, frankly. But what do you plan on? We're going to get away. Why is that? Because that's what's with the bargain. So cool. Bargon is hooked up with the two week tour we're taking. Oh, my God. You're taking a tour in your flying TWA. Oh, my boy. What a bad boy. What a bad boy. What a bad boy. I'm glad I know. But the thing is that we have all three nighters in every place we stop and it's a solitude week. Let me ask you something. Oh. Do I have to bring a wine overcoat for the end of October and the time in November? Do I have to, you have to bring a line overcoat? Oh, the kind. What a line overcoat. It's going to be chilly. What do you think it's going to be 7580 degrees at the end of October in November? How stupid do you think I am? Don't answer that. Yeah. Of course you need to take a warm thing. Take a warm thing with you. Well, of course I'll take a sweater and something. But I want to take too much bulky stuff. This is Italy. It's going to be pretty chilly sweetheart. It's going to be pretty chilly. Don't come back with Pinaboni and blame me for it. Well, I'm not going to be chilly. Oh, that's for you. What are you saying? Well, you know what? You don't have to do VHS something else. Yeah, VHS. When I was a freshman at Miami Day South, I talked to you on WPAT bus. I talked to you in the afternoon when I didn't have class and I got very behind on my research of my subject. Yes. So you're such an influence. You're really old. Oh, so Eric. You impact I have on this town man. It's unbelievable. Well, I'm coming here every day. When I walk on here at 2 o'clock, I shake my head and I say, this is unbelievable. I believe in you. How anybody could be on here for 20 years and have so little ability to listen a response. I mean, even a bad response, it's shocking. What is shocking? Hey, what is all this negative thinking? Look at us. We're going to just simply and we're going when it's chilly. Yeah. So there you go. Yeah, what do you stay here and I'll go. How's that? Hey, wouldn't that be wonder for what we're going to do? Sounds good to me. Okay, so we are having a great time. Thanks a lot. And one bundle up. Okay. What do you say? We have an open line in date, 751 W. Do you want to do? We've got a parent-brower at 5249463. That looks like people during the other room there. They probably make you probably man. Looks like Rhana Wolf. Rhana, a rat-fank wolf in the other room too. It's the packs and people. Oh, thank God. They've come to rescue us from this moraz, from this abyss, from this sea of mong. And now as soon as I said that they ran out to door, are they running in this door? What do you got there? Don't, please don't tell my her, her, the food. I heard the food suck that you're lunch. I know. That's what I don't want to say, J.C. said it, because we don't want to lose him. Oh, look at that. It's not beautiful. It's a, well, I can throw this out. Now I can eat that. It's not on the atkins though. But that's okay anyway. That looks pretty decent. Where's the front? Can we say before we rip him? Serious. Serious. Serious. Now you mean, Serious, not Serious pizza place. The little, you know, Serious pizza? Oh, just wait. And once this I hear no food in the studio over there, is that true? Is that just a joke? It's just a joke. Okay. You hear that, George? I said, for everybody else, no food, but for you, Mr. Hot Shot. Okay. Yeah, sure, hope you've been busy and didn't hear the show today, by the way. So anyway, here's the packs and crowd there here today. They're laughing, but I think they're only putting it on. Okay, they said we have heard the show and guess what? You ever hear the last supper? Here you go, Fetso. God. So, so what's the story? Did you come in the front door? Do you have like, um, locked right? We locked right? Are we all set? Yeah. You walked right in, just like they on the joy. They said, by the way, the dollar is passed through. They're releasing the building. The dollar is passed through. And Bob Green kind of slipped out there. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. Just like he did Saturday night at the billabong. He didn't pay the bill. What a guy. Are we like, uh, oh, no, we're not. Okay, here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Pretty good. I got to, when did this Goldberg guy get this moniker at the hammer? Who gave you the hammer? The hammer? That's, that sounds more like it. I got a story on the hammer. The hammer? During a point of confusion in my life, I was working at Don Shuluz Hotel. Yeah. And you know, they paid and shoot a lot of the things there. You know, for, you know, uh, set pillow does the sports cast there. And there's, you know, some of the radio. You mean, syphilisia? Yeah. So, uh, you know, they all commend their all decent guys. But, uh, but the hammer wouldn't come in. The hammer. And the hammer. And he would come in and he grabbed our cart, you know, How are you going to make a buck is a brawlman, but out of cart? Hey, stupid. Yeah. Hey, I wouldn't say a word. No, please. No thank you. Yeah. Check the cart. Go off. Everybody else would have a crew with him to set up. There he is. He's setting up his own little thing. And, you know, he does all the work himself. I've heard he set up his own little thing a few times. That's, yeah. But I just, that was all. Yeah. One night, it's, it's really dead in there. And he's setting up his, his deals, you know, and I'm kind of wandering around. And he's taking my cart. And I'm really kind of hanging out trying to get it back as soon as I can. So, I can go back to making some money. Yeah. And, uh, I said, hey, how you doing, Hank? And he looked at me and he said, Hank, he said, I think his Mr. Goldberg to you was a, hey, stupid. Yeah. And I thought, did he, was he was serious? He was absolutely serious. Haha, he's not, oh my god. He's a porco in his own mind. I'll take it that way. But that's all I had to say about him. True story, and you can repeat it. Well, he's a class boy. I'll take it that. Have a great day, pal. Okay. We have a Broward Open 5249463. The baseball game is underway. We're going to have a bring feedback. One last time. Do a little play by play. 125 at WIOD. Their takeman radio, 610 WIOD. You're not a parcel of my hang gold break, you know, I need to put down. And now, the secret behind how Princess Dye keeps her girlish figure. Okay, 128 at WIT. We love the packs and people already. I told you, I told you, Ronny is great. Pete Boulder is great. Jim Boecock has got a great furniture store. Seriously, he got anything to do with the furniture, because that is kind of an interesting name. What he says name was Jim Boe. Something like that. Did you say, oh, there you go again. By the way, they said you're right. George will be leaving. He doesn't know what he had. That dick. Way of an open line of day, it's 751. Broward, you know, this is really fascinating. Okay, my good friends from packs and come over here. On the first day of the switch over, okay? And they walk into the studio and they bring me a, uh, because they had the big free lunch for everybody from over here. And of course, we're on a year. So they bring me my own plate with pretty good stuff on here. Two by the way, not all atkins, but two bed. Pretty good stuff. And look at the Broward line. And I noticed they were looking at the phone. Oh, yeah, look at that. Look at the Broward. They're like, you know, making little comments. Like, we're paying a guy this much money and he can't even get the people in Broward on a phone. Well, the hell does he think he is, huh? But they happen to be pretty nice people, okay? The packs and people in spite of all of the, in spite of all of the warnings, in spite of the hysteria and the paranoia that some people try to generate around here. You know what I'm saying? Including those idiots at excess magazine. Oh, yeah. We don't like when you say, how do you like that? So don't say no more, okay? That's my comment to you, Mr. Because they say you say whatever to help you want. We love you. We're ecstatic to have you. Unlike these suckers at Cox Broadcasting. Well, that's your, that's your just rolls off your tongue, don't it? Yeah, that's what, that's what Roberto Alamar heard from John Hirschbeck. He said you little sucker from Cox Broadcasting. And Roberto said, hey, Mr. You got me confused with somebody else. I don't work for Cox. And I got a great line for that, but boy, they like me too much. And they said, don't you even think about getting your car and leave in town, okay? Well, let you use the private packs and jet. Speaking of out of this world, here's Jupiter. Hello. Yeah, sir. I wanted to range your head on back down here again. I listen to you. What do you story with these papers? What are you going to your back down here again? What is that me from New York? Yeah. You're from New York. But I'm a range aid. No, that's good. I listen to the reason I'm poor. What's the story with the hockey coverage and the newspapers down here? I mean, I got a reason. I got a buy the New York Daily News and the New York Post has spent $3 a day to find that what's going on with heart. That's right. Yes, sir. I think I feel when I go up to Toronto on a weekend during the summertime, you get to Toronto a Sunday, and they've got pages. And this is during the summertime when they're not even playing hockey, they've got pages of hockey news. They've got about 50 pages of sports section. That's a real town. You know what I'm saying? You come here and it's just a horse and buggy place. It's make believe. It's their Zats. Really? Yesterday was the wave of drift. It wasn't one mention in the paper who got claims. Who got tickets? Yes, yes, it is. In the Sun, Senna, I got to write my head down. Maybe not. Okay. Huh? Maybe it's not in the Harold. Well, it's not in the Palm Beach Post. Oh, the Palm Beach Post. What do you want? Or is that worth a project? Craig Billington got taken by Colorado and then he got by the avalanche. Did the Memecio get taken for the ranges? No, he did not. He did not. In fact, he played last night. Did he? Well, let me ask you. And by the way, don't get too, don't get too depressed because the Rangers be Pittsburgh 711 last night. And Pittsburgh didn't play anybody. Mario didn't play. Yager didn't play. Ned Vett is still holding out with Smellinsky, so they didn't play. For on Francis didn't play. They played all of minor leagueers last night and so was no game. And the Rangers played everybody but Gratsky. Did you get your schedule yet from the, you know, the old fish dating in Stish from the Alfred Hockey pitch? No, not yet. I mean, we're not a thing. Why don't they tell the guys to pre-pre-season games? They're on. On the Paiwetch? Huh? On the small fish? Sure. No, they won't. I didn't get them. Do you have KBL? No, no. K, which KBL? From Pittsburgh, 315. Yeah, it wasn't on last night. Sure was. Next to Game Last Night. Mike Lang, KBL. But women, did you take that up to MSG? Yeah, but I didn't take that up to the package. You have to take that package of the sports network. Right. You have to carry it, take that to get it. Yeah. Oh, okay. I say so in other words, you have the hockey package. Right. No, then that won't be till a Saturday. Till a regular season starts this week. If you subscribe to that $10 a month that will roll them on the channels, you'll get all the pre-season games. Sure. All the ones that they've televised, the Bruins televised a lot of money. That's in the Rangers had a couple of penguins had one last night. But you know, but you know something, you don't want to see exhibition hockey games. They suck. Yeah, that's true. That's true. They had lunch. Especially on MSG, they had a lot of good stuff in between periods. The penguins between periods last night were busy, peddling. They had a ticket done. They were selling those season tickets in between periods. So they didn't tell you much anything. But the Rangers did a good job. I'll tell you. I got the guys named. I just called up the Palm Beach Post for the sports editor. I'm going to call them up and tell them I worked for nothing down here. Sure. Two women as men. I will. All right. You take care. Okay. Welcome back. We have an open line in date. Seven, five, one. I saw I would imagine. Some of our hockey fans are coming back now. It's getting close to the fall. October, November, December. And then they'll be here to April. They'll get the hell out of here. Man, they'll get out of here like stuff through a mitten. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. I almost flew my brains out with that lady calling about Italy. Oh, she was coma inducing. And should I wear a coat with a lining? Please. How about wearing it on with a silver lining? Let me tell you, talking about ponders. A little rick and said spy report yesterday. Just week week. I mean, I don't like, I like, I like it. But now what my pants? Yeah. You should have heard these two 13 year old girls called. On another 13, they were 14 little while ago. On the other side. They were old. They were and rick sounded like a teenage boy. We apologize. I never do it again. He didn't want to get off the line. You're like trying to flirt with him. But not because he's too old. I don't know. But really, it was the most embarrassing radio. I heard that. That was an ugly radio. Yeah. It was embarrassing. I would. I was telling him he was a great. Adam said it was sensational. Oh, the 14 year old thing. He, you got to be kidding me. He said he really got to be kidding me. Adam said he was getting twitches in his rectum while they were on the phone. He said he was losing it. Maybe for him because he was there. But for listening audience. Yeah. For get out. Well, I'll be sure. I'll be sure. I'm paying that along. And have a great day. Okay. The purple line is open. Pound IOD. We have an open line in day 75194. If we can just survive another three days in this building. Because from what I'm hearing about that new studio, it is so spectacular that even if nobody ever calls, it won't make any difference. Because we'll have so many buttons to push and so much crappery. We were, well, I'll make any difference. Then you guys will be real sorry, man. They let me down when I need to. You badly after 20 years of bleeding my kishki's out for you bastards out there. 20 years of showing up here every day except my 30 or 40 weeks of vacation every year. And what do you get in return? You get spurned. You get rejected. You get a big come on yesterday. All brother. You would have thought that I was the greatest thing since Hallevaya today. Man, they made a comeback here and oh, the women and Ellie we love run and run. We stayed there, we're listening to you and we love every. Exactly. And then I come in here today. It's like, well, we don't, we, you know, I roll about 422 different possibilities that we can chew and spit out and whatever here. And it's the same routine. I don't think anybody listens to the show because they want to hear a conversation. They want to hear me pleading big. That's what they want to hear a bunch of satis out there. We enjoy hearing him suffer, suffer like a miserable, like somebody in a concentration camp. And then once in a while, somebody that's got a little bit of a little bit of sympathy, a little bit of empathy brings it a plate full of food. Thank you, Rhana and Peyton Jim. It would be a cold day in Hell when a Cox people would have brought us food. I've been spending the last eight years feeding those people. How do you like that? The only thing the Cox people ever fed us was a line of bull. Exactly. Here's Orlando. Orlando, allegedly. How are you? Yes, sir. Nice to talk to you. Well, it's, uh, exactly. I want to ask you one thing and tell you, uh, thank you for turning me on to Donatello. There was a couple of years ago. Brother, great place. It really is. I sure hope it's still open. Go to the bar of mollios and run over to Donatello. But let me ask you something. Where did that, uh, Harry Carey, uh, bit come from, F.U. Neal? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? It's a guy in Chicago who does a great Harry Carey voice and he dropped all he dropped all this stuff in here. Hey, I'm not with the Panthers already. When the hell those are baseballs these are me getting anyway, I? No, my lunch went. My lunch went. My lunch at, oh, there's, give me another beer. That's outstanding. Yeah. It's outstanding. He does Harry better than Harry does. Let me, are you guys a complaint about the radio down there? You ought to be up here in Orlando. No, I should not. It's unbelievable. Yeah, but Orlando is like, you know, a nickel and dime place other than Disney. He'll Billyville, man. Yeah. And I'm moving back and November moving to old business back. And I can't wait to hear you guys. And Ron and Ron is the only savior up here to be on his radio. Really? You know, you've been through Stern. You get told after about 20 minutes when he gets done talking about himself. Yeah. You're, you're used to running run. At least I don't have a listen to listen. Listen, I have no problem with Ron and Ron. Yeah. Believe me, this audience knows me well enough. If I had a problem, they would hear about it. Just like when Alex Bennett was here, like when Dicky Farrell was here, I'm not the kind of person that sits and holds back if somebody creates a problem. I don't have any problem with Ron and Ron. I hope they do a 30 share and Neil, you and Benny would probably become good friends because you're both like the same thing. And somebody just had a tremendous home or home run for the Orioles. Brady Anderson. Okay, I have a kid. Brady Anderson who had 50 during the regular season. The wall of a sudden got that rabbit ball just had a home run for the Orioles. How do you like that? I say, oh, and it was nice talking to you. Oh, I have a great day. Oh, bye, okay. Brady Anderson, God. Oh, go Orioles, baby. Go birds. Why am I so excited about because I don't know. Albert Bell and the Indians. There's just something about that Albert Bell, you know? Just something about that dick. Hey, listen, you said it. In fact, Pete and Jim and Ron are they said you can say whatever it had you want. And I said, well, does that include maybe if I said, and they said, well, not that. And I said, how about, no, not that. And what about, well, we'll think about that one. And I said, how about you and they said, okay. They're friendly accommodating people, which we are not used to when they came out of their way. They came all the way over here to this muscle, building, which at the moment is like a, like a deathnell is building. It's so in just wait till we get out of here. Three more trips, three more trips, three more trips. That's right. Three more trips to this toilet to this rat infested place right next door to channel seven where they're all floating around like a bunch of bumblebees and heat. Oh, God, are they going to miss us here? This place will be so dead next Monday, man. They could actually turn into a division of let's go funeral home. Man, if it is, isn't it an almond that they have that tombstone? Sitting out in front of the building, huh? Well, we bury W. News and they put the tombstone right on the front lawn. Isn't that an old man, huh? If you ask me, it's a f***ing almond. They said, oh, you can say that. Okay, well, now what is this carry north Carolina? What kind of a place is that? New, God. Yes, sir? Are you doing? Oh, I'm carrying it. I'm coming over here. And what are you doing up there? And where the hell is that? Uh, it's about five miles from Rally. Oh, that's not bad. Yeah, he's living candle. I call you once in a while. I told you I was getting the hell out of Miami. And? And I did. And three months ago? And how is it? And it's beautiful. Really? Yeah. It's a different world. You know, it's a lot less stress. Yeah, stress. You had a right on head, man. This place has stressed me out. These people are killing me. You're right. I mean, I have not, I have not. Honestly, I have not been cut off once since I've been here. I've been here three months. Yeah. And I was cut off once. George has never been cut off yet either, but he didn't drive that much. There are things I miss about Miami is the skyline. They get a nice, oh, we're going to Alabama. It's not first. I think you just kind of hit. You know, the in the ocean there, but does that or that Miami's a dump? Yeah, it is. It's a bush league place, too, man. I was just in the place. It's got Hank Goldberg. I was just there this past weekend. Unfortunately for a funeral. Yeah. Cousin mind died. Massive heart attack at H38. Was he fat? He was not. He didn't have an out of fat on him. He was a great shape. One of those roller hockey players. Yeah. And he played a little league in Miami Springs. And they took a little break and then he stood back up. And he just collapsed right there. Did you? Right on a spot. Did. Yes. And I'll start here. There's there in their 30s, man. You know, you know, you get old man. You get up there in the 30s. If you get old like me, 53, then you realize you're living on borrowed time. You know? You have to be 40s, now it's 30s. Right. But hey, we mission. No, there's nothing like you to up here. Not at all. Well, you just wait. One of these days when you're least expected. I'm just going to pack up and go right to Raleigh. I'd be big up there, man. I'll tell you what. As long as you couldn't find me. Yeah. People, if they want to come up here, it is nice. But it's not, it's not really that barren unless they want to go out. We out into the country with people with no teeth and stuff. Right. I like that. It's not just a kind of a kind of barren. You know, it's pretty busy. It's really good. What's coming up the Kahula Wassey River to visit you guys? Hey, Neil. Yeah. Before I go, can I listen to you to the rest of the show? Hey, sure. Hang on. Can I make a quick request? Yeah. Your anus? I beg your pardon? Hang on, pal. Thank you. There's a guy in North Carolina that wants my record. I feel like that. That's not in here either, isn't it? Yes, it is. It is not. Huh? Underben. That's not what he wants. What? Oh, he wants. Oh, I didn't know who's he wanted. He wants bendovers, Uranus? What do you say, so? If your car's life is over. Go see bendover. You'll realize what you had was painus. When you hop in and ride your anus. Oh, yeah. You've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn. Now come and dig Uranus. Love that new car smell. Nothing smells like Uranus. The bendability. No one has ever got stuck in Uranus. Faith, the plunge, help me. Your anus bend over and ride your anus. And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried. Uranus. Powerful. Yet great with gas. Need trunk space. Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus. And if Uranus is rear-ended, our well-lover-cuted joints will soften the blow. Come to our show, Ruben. Pick out Uranus. And leave that messy paperwork to us. Check out Uranus. Take the dive line, Greg, Luke. Gain, it's bend over and ride Uranus. 144 at WOD. I hope that Roberto Alamarg Jr hits 450 in a playoffs. I hope the Orioles win the Sticken World Series. Just to piss off a lot of you people out there that are so self-righteous. Okay? Cause he's spat in somebody's face. Just because the guy got all carried away and caught him a little. Sucker. How do you like that? And Eoriel's already your head won nothing in the first inning. And they got Bobby Bonilla up there as in Mahabbo-Nia. And they got Alamarg Jr's still got a hit. He's on first bat. Let's see a stool for his base. Or walk through something like that. He's a stand in there, I think. Was he standing there? He's on there. Come on, Bobby. Kiss one out of there. Just like the old days would have met. So, okay? Just like the old days with the pirates when they booted you out of town. Come on, Bobby. Anyway, it's 145 at WOD. How do you people out there who just spoils boards? They're right, nothing like baseball man. Pretty boring. What the hell is that? He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. The minute I kill you, You'll be late for some pain. You're gonna run, I'm gonna run, The soul's released in so long. You may beware of things that go on. Zippin' the night. You're gonna make friends really quick. In the shower, there's no way in your mind. Yeah. Daddy. He's a stand in there. He's a stand in there. 149 at WI-D. You know, it's funny, because Pete Bolcher was in here before with the Paxon people. He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day today's and I said, What's that? Johnny, I said, I didn't forget. But he looks a lot better to us now that Johnny Dolan's around. We like Johnny Dark a lot better, because as long as Johnny Dolan's around, everybody else in the coast is mighty popular. That Johnny Dolan man, every day, that's what I'm gonna miss about. Come to work at WI-D. It's every morning when I come in at door. And there's Johnny Dolan bouncing out with that big smile on his face. And all those nuts in his cheeks. God is he a happy guy, huh? So when's he getting bounce down? Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, pal. Yes, sir. Is this greater what? Baseball in the afternoon? I love it. Yeah. I was wondering who you're rooting for. You're definitely going for more. I'm calling for the birds, baby. I don't like the Indians. Is something about that Albert Bell? No, that's another thing. I don't mind the Indians, but Albert Bell is such, and I mean a great player make no mistake about it, but it made your league asshole man. Major league asshole. If you look up the word asshole of the dictionary, you'll see Albert Bell's picture right next to Bob Greens. Well, I was looking through the papers. You see, I was seeing where Joe Cardano, a hundred and eighty six thousand dollars. The bill was, you know, that thing he did. What's your dinner? No, with the legal matter with the way his anger. Yeah. What the, uh... Always an accurate, another hundred and eighty six thousand down the tube for going to court and losing battle for trying to kick the panties out. Nice going, Joe Cardano. Unbelievable. There's all the more reason people should vote for Alex Penelis today, so they don't vote for another show like Joe Cardano in our teal. You know, I can't understand this. Why isn't this game on radio in town? It's not there. No. Are you cereal? There's the, I look into some sort of... I thought, you know, it was your sports station, and then they're paying their playoffs. What a bunch of jokers they are. They probably don't want to preempt the Humper, you know? No, police. I got one thing to say about fat, hang, gold, birds. Yeah. Yeah. He's the worst. Yeah. You know, I can't understand. How many people could continue listening to this guy? He's so rude. I can't believe this Ramirez could just hit one down the line for the Indians and tied up the game right inside the line right inside the foul pool and in one swing. Ties. Look at David Johnson's postman. His right cheek just fell off. Who's the kid for the dolphins? Yeah. He's the worst. David Johnson there. Right. David. And Lee. At least, David waited about 40 years before his set in, you know? Right. But there's no one in town for it. Put the damn ball game on it. It doesn't. Taxons was WI and Z, right? Yeah. So I can't play it in a ticket up. Nobody has got to play off game on. I swear. Because I got to leave it about a half hour. Oh my god. I got to leave it like 10 minutes and I'm going to miss. I'm going to have to drive home all about 100 miles an hour. I'm flooring that vet, baby. Bye bye. See ya. So it's all tied up with once, swing at the bat the powerful and always dangerous Indians man tied up as it's a battle of home runs. Everybody is just on the edge of their seat that big fat David Wells is out there and among that big, shrubby David Wells who's not as bad as you might think. He's okay. Pretty damn good if he acts me. I'm sorry. I didn't really say, pretty. Good. Here's Papa. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I would miss her. I'm very much like I said Neil, dammit. No. Or you could say, Bill God. And then just don't say anything. Or let's get down and pay homage to the problem. That's it. That might be a good idea. Yeah. Listen, it did you like macaron when he played tennis. Hey, did him. Well, it's him. Hey, did him. Hey. Asked me if I liked you. Me, Conners. Did you like him, Conners? Hey, did him. I thought he was a spoiled brat. But I hated him. It seems like in sports, you know, he raises the most tech. You know, it's the attention and macaron. Well, it was an interesting how we have an our society. We've flexed that these kids today. They look up. They admire all these assholes who had a disgusting hot dog behavior of theirs. Like neon Dion last night with a moth on his head with a cowboy. So it makes me sick. They might stomach. This is the kind of role model that it work in youth has today and we're paying a wicked price for it, man. Yes. I think you know what I'm saying? We're paying a wicked, it's a side in general. It didn't just start in sports. He ever tried to return something to store and they're not going to give it to you because that's the way they're programmed. But did you reason affect and you're accommodated? You know, like fat rich calls before and says, well, I'm sure if you want to return your tickets and get a refund, I can get to tickets and other seats. I says, you think they're given me my money back for those tickets? You must be dreaming fat.