New, my queen, God. All the spits are brought out. Out here in LA, out here in LA. I've been sharing for a while. And I've planned to stay. So I won't hesitate to club you, say. Love you, if your name is Jose. Your name is Jose. California's screaming on the street. It happens in LA. If you cross the border, You try to you, you'll pay me. Try to show you the truth. I'll make you get down on your name. Which won't have time to pray. What have done you pray? You busy getting by your knee. Yet the gentlemen won't walk away. You won't fall away. California's screaming on the street. It happens in LA. It happens in LA. It happens in LA. So happy what day is this Wednesday? We're going to hell a Spencer. I'll Spencer right here today because it was raining. The sun is shining, no Spencer. Grab a mic over there, Rick. What? I thought you had a special announcement. That's a yell. No, it's this one. Try that. Try that. I love it. I love it. Test. Give me the off one. What do you mean by that? So we just had a little meeting across the street. I guess we better tell you before all it wasn't a hair that Barry Jackson boy. This little pimple had that fat little puts. He just takes stuff that he hears rumors on the streets. He listens to the show incessantly. Which I know you're listening now. Barry, you're fat little slob. And he writes an article on a paper about it. And the business section. There's a sports turd and he's writing in the business section in the Harold. There's a little more than what he heard on the radio in here, though. What? As in, have been summoned to a mandatory 830 AM meeting. Yeah. Well, that wasn't heard on the radio. That was came from a little. So in other words, you said it was like a little. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Oh, that was a good leak. He didn't run right under on the floor. So anyway, I guess everybody's died. And oh, well, we said it's a meeting this morning. We had a little meeting this morning. We had a meeting in the morning. We had a meeting in the morning. We had a meeting in the morning. We had a meeting in the morning. Actual transcript. Now, who was that talking? Well, we don't want to get into that. No, exactly. Yeah, we had a little meeting this morning. Wildy has been sold, which of course it's still got to go through the FCC. But, you know, as of today, we're still being paid by Cox. We're still working for Cox. And as of today. Yeah. In about three months, that's going to change when we're working for a Buddybud Paxon. Are good close personal friend. See what a great guy did. Hey, listen, he remembered me from from Sarasote said I might even pay that 180 bucks. And he owes such 50 bucks. He owes such a big hit up. Which that's about three weeks pay for him. Exactly. He did bring it up. Well, he said last time I saw you, you were saying that we had to see you later. Get out of my place. And he said, remember that snake you saw in front of Y&D. That last Sunday that was no accident. And he said, oh, that's great. It's going to be nice working for you. So anyway, we're going to be a Paxon station. Which that's the way to business is going. He said something very intriguing over there, very disturbing. And that is then in Orlando. There are three companies that own with the exception of one. There's one guy that's like the odd man out. Because if they bought him, he'd be overlapped. Right. Three companies own all the AM and FM stations in Orlando. Only market in the whole country were left. Right. But foreign to be far. And so like I've said, that your government is really interested in protecting the air waves. We can't say crap more than once an hour on the air. We can only take one once every two hours. But if a handful of companies want to buy up every guy damn radio station in the country, that's okay. I mean, that's see, I don't care what anybody says. Now I'm not talking about any specific company. That's bad. Because that goes that goes so far away from what the original concept was of serving the public good and getting diverse ownership and having a whole bunch of different people owning the air waves. Instead of having just a limited number of people controlling like some big propaganda machine, every piece of crap that comes out on the air waves and radio television. It used to be that radio stations were licensed to serve the public and the commercial. And now basically what it's boiled down with like baseball cards. I said that the other day, it's like we used to do when we were kids going out in the backyard. And everybody had a big stack of baseball cards. And we would flip them and we would trade them. And that's what radio stations have been like now. That's the nature of the business. And of course you can't blame the people who are in it because they're in it for one reason. That's to make money. That's the one thing I've been telling you folks for the last 20 years. Don't think we're here to entertain you, baby. We're here to make money if we can, you know, if we can give you a couple of laughs along the way. Give you some information. Whatever it is, kill a few hours. That's great. But we're here to make a buck. So you can't blame the people that are in it to make a buck. But you blame the guy damn government for turning it into a trading card thing, which is basically what it is. So what did I just say? I don't think what it means. I did very well. Yeah, you did good. I think I did very well. Now because I frankly haven't, having to be put in this position. I'm always the one. They always do things right before 10 o'clock. And I says to Bob Neil is we're crossing the street. I said, okay, why don't you go on here, Mr. Smarty pants and you say your thing because here we are. Yeah. Well, don't say this and don't do that. And by by by and have a big smile on your face. And let's have a and then Bob Green of course comes up with his usual great line. Have a good time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As a matter of fact, he was just on his way and shutting the door. He was on his way and I thought I heard the sounds of a bad bout of diarrhea in there. Is what I heard. I got to look up that word marketing. No, they mentioned that. So the bottom line is we're still here. We're still a do what our thing and WOD will not the change so they tell us. So they tell us. So they tell us. And we're still going to say crap and take an occasional one. When you tell cheese. Oh, that's right. You weren't here. Sorry about that. You weren't in here. I was wain you to come in here and done that. Now he's a good one to blame. So anyway, let's take a little break. I have no idea what I'm going to do today because you know, then Bob Neil says, well, you know, just go along and do whatever you were going to do today. Well, of course, what was I going to do today? What was I going to talk about all day today? I mean, does it take a rocket scientist to figure that out? I mean, this was the big announcement. This was the big good day. This was the day we were going on FM. We were going to do this. We were going to do that. We were buying a, well, everybody, right? Right. But we're not at least not now. Well, not now. It's 10, 12. Oh, at WIO Day. Oh, thank you so much. Don't rush off anywhere, by the way. Because these people might not call. Yeah. So no, it was the mean. Well, they'll call you. What's kidding? How would you, if you had, if I gave you like a few brief words, how would you describe the tone of the meeting? No, no smiles. Well, even Bud Paxon said that. He said, look like a bunch of sour pusses. Yeah. Something like that. And I said, watch your language, Bud. But yeah, well, yeah, because it was. Well, one was down. It was up. It was up there for excited about that. There's deep in the FMs. And there's Salon, IOD in the bottom line is that this company is lost money on it every year. And so I think I came here as what he said. He didn't exactly put it that way. But there was a reference. Bob Neil said something about that fat fact. We've, you know, ever since we heard him, we've lost our ass. But regardless, no, I said, they lost. They lost. I mean, they bought us. They spent a lot of money for it. And they said, and they want to be here, which I got to tell you that to me. So shocking. When they brought this milling, so I'm going to have to convert that's true. But I'm not. Hey, well, it's a small place. Of course, we know. I got an officer. You know, something. Yeah, he has two fishes on his car this morning, Riley. You talk about covering your ass. Look, I want on each other's tail. And I want you to think. Thanks. You know, something. There's nothing like a corvette with a big fish on a back. 10 14 at Wiod. Oh, brothers to the rescue. Yeah, this is for the old cast, bro. You know, you guys can eat my shorts. Cut it, Mark. That's a taste list. Phil Henry, 2 to 6 DM on news, talking entertainment radio, 16 Wiod. Okay, 10 16 at Wiod. Wiod. Hey, Hey, M. AM. See, all these rumors. All you rumor, rumors out there, including a lot of you assholes that other stations in the market, blow it out to your run-overs. Okay, blow it out to your rectum. Because seriously, I mean, I have never been involved in anything like this. Where every day there was another rumor and we were going to FM and we were buying a big one of six and we were buying why 100 and we were buying bull-case. We were buying everybody. Okay. And they were buying us and then I was going to get paid off and I could never have to work again. Not only do I have to continue working again. I have to come in here and sit down on an impossible day. Impossible day. And they said, you're the guy to do it, Mr. Fats. So you're the guy to do it. Go in there and do an impossible thing. That's a quote. That's exactly what they said. It's matter of fact. Well, let's take our first call of the day. Here's a model in Del Rey. Hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. I'd, and you sound great this morning. I'm feeling great, man. Buddy bud slipped me a 50's. Here's what I owe you from Sarasota minus tax and recapable tire. Notice he has Susvia changed for 100. Yeah. Well, just tell the new guys, don't change a thing. Yeah, don't mess with success. Well, that's basically what they said is they like the programming and they don't want to change anything. And then, of course, they knew owners always say that. And then, as soon as they take over, it's like Ukrainian polka's, you know, they like that 10-18. Yeah. Do this to that. Hey, listen. Yes? The pants are on. So I can't get them on that. Let's get that fucking European tonight. There's a big, you're right. You're kidding me. Yes, Piansk, not here in a Panther game tonight. I can baseball games on. Can I tell you why? Why? He said the frigging baseball game is on. He beat himself. That was great. Yeah. I got these best to train. Perfect. In about four months, you're going to have to say the FN, in fact, you're just going to have to say the baseball game is on. Anyway, there's no game tonight. We're not playing against a Friday. Oh, Christ. Well, he just put your finger on it. But the reason that there's no Panther game tonight is because ESPN is manipulating all the weekday games, weeknight games. And because they got Monday night, I mean, Wednesday night baseball, they couldn't play tonight. And then they couldn't play tomorrow because of a renaissance good. So we're not playing our first home game to Friday. We get nice rest now. Friday and then Sunday afternoon. Not a good thing. You want to temple up. You know, you want to keep the... No, I don't agree. I don't agree with you. I'd like to see Gordon Murphy get that ankle completely healed up. Another few days can't hurt. And the door bracket over that flu. And we'll be okay. Yeah. But the home team's at the flu. Good. They can only get... They can only get sicker. I can't say hey. And by the way, how about you talk about boring Detroit. Losing did you see any of that last night? I didn't see much of it. I'm going to tell you. I really mean this. I think Detroit, which is I've told you this, the biggest choke franchise in all the sports. They're going to go down in four straight. They got to be three nothing last night. Now Patrick Wad did play good for the air. I'll give him that. But Detroit couldn't score into an empty net. I zoom in can't play. Esther pulled his groin again. He can't play. He's a... Paul Coffee got hurt last night. He got to hang the other something. And they're just... They're done. They're finished. Yeah. They're like teamless. They're like teamless. Huh? Coffee's probably related to Ken Coffee. Yeah. He's a morning. All right. Have a good day. Okay. Enjoy the game tonight. Yeah. Okay. See if he would just go out and buy a dish. He could watch the game tonight. I just make a note. I feel more I know about sports better off. I am here. What does that mean? Well, packs and people are very sports and Texas. That's true. I love sports. Well, I do. Especially hockey. You know what I'm saying? But it was sad that I found myself a toldy. I think watching another game of size depends. So I'm getting it. I'm liking it. Yeah. It's a great sport. It's tiring to watch because there's no... Now what is this? How is this going to affect the light bulb, by the way? How is this going to impact the light bulb? Who do you think are new PDs going to be? Oh, Pete Bulger. Did I mention him? My old friend Pete Bulger. I just was talking highly about him the other day. See, that's so bizarre. What's that? Now that we... there's the same company. Wouldn't that be something if Pete Bulger winds up the PD of Wild. Now, of course, that the president wants going anywhere. Except to the bar. No, I'm saying he's going to be taking his bar exam. I think he wants to get a grip on it. Anyway, 1021. Don't go anywhere. I'll just hang around for a little while till we get to... I want to ease into this very carefully, very gently today. I do have some half a dozen nice t-shirts to give away. Thank God. I want to thank the God at sent me these. Oh, I think you have no idea how much I appreciate them today. What did I just do? Oh, I just tore it out. I want to tear the thing off. It's got his name on it. Do you see it anywhere? On your right side. On my right side? Right there. No. Oh, crap. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Right here. Yellow piece paper right there. Right in front of you. Right in front of me? Right. What's wrong? No, that's another thing. Sorry, sorry. People are guys that have been all kinds of crap. They're guy who sent you the t-shirts. Well, anyway, thanks to the guy who sent me the t-shirts. Anyway, it's from a place where they sell rats. Oh, the place is on the thing. It's on the t-shirt. Dragons, then, Danthwork. Dan's, uh, where? It's a, uh, and costume castle in Pembroke Pines. Throw it at all of my stuff. That's where I get all my rats. And it's a panther t-shirt. And it's got a picture of a bunch of rats. What I'm saying? Oh, shot. Which I don't think he can say that anymore now. And then, uh, one of them is saying, uh, beware, panther country. And, uh, there's a panther in it with a rat with a parachute. It says, um, Gerano, Moll my ass. I did, it's just a cute thing. Perfect. Yeah. I know what it is. I got to have it as no those in God. If you treat me real nice, I'm going to give you one of those. Okay. Ask the right question. Oh, God. I'll put the appropriate time. So anyway, it's 1023 a Wild. Well, they said somebody will have me. They said everybody said go on there and sound real happy. I'm going to have me as to ask, hold us ever been born quite frankly. You just talk and entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D. So what really great thing, guess who's going to be doing stuff for us again. Braccom, hell. It damn, they're killing them. Makes Lewis. Hi, Bordley. A big pack's in family. That's good. See, one thing about being part of anybody's family at this point. There are no, oh, yeah. There you go. What does that mean? You're leaving? No, you're not going anywhere. No, no, no. He's no chance. Huh? He's going to be the voice of Paxton broadcasting from coast to coast from a panobossity to Kylargo. Yeah, coast to coast. Oh, the short. I think you coast to coast. I think you coast to coast. About six and a half feet. If you measure the wall in the hallway down here. Poor Fratek, man. He didn't know whether it was scream or anything. How would you describe that meeting? What one word would you use to describe the tone in that room? Besides the morose. What would be the one word? Great. Um, funeral life. Oh, well, morose, comatose. Well, you know, Paxton said that he said, I know you people hate me like poison, that you're really depressed and psychotic. But you know, well, I don't want to even just apprehensive. There you go. Because I mean, the cock's people certainly were awfully good to us. Anyway, let's take a cock. Sorry. Let's take a call on Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, guys. How you doing? Looks like that West Coast game is going to be a real boring one. And the East Coast game is going to go to seven Panthers winning over time. There you go. Sounds good to me. You see that game last night? Parts, bits and parts. Oh, God. The Detroit Red Wings for a team that got 131 points in Brokehola records during the regular season. They're the most boring damn team. They make my maple leaves look exciting. There are a comogh, they're a sleeper. Well, the record indicates we'd rather have Detroit now. Yeah. We might to handle the avalanche. Although I do remember that 4-1 lead we blew against. And that was the beginning of our downfall there for about three months. Remember? Yeah. We blew that 4-1 lead. But we'll be all right. We can handle anybody. Hey, also on I-75. Yes, sir. I bet we can't wait to see 4-8 cranking that. 1962, Matt truck up to about 75 miles an hour now. Unbelievable. Oh, they did the thing with the speed limit? Oh, you saw. Oh, you think I saw that? They had the signs covered. Now what, but I didn't know what it is. So I just go 90 now. I just thought I saw like a half of a seven in a zero. It's going to be 70. It's going to be 70. And then I see where it used to be 55. It's going to be 60. Exactly. Right. There he is. There he is. Well, those should have been 90 a long time ago on that thing. Oh, boy. The wheels are going to be falling off now. Yeah, just get right behind that gravel truck. Right behind the little alien you're talking about with that beat up old Corolla. That's good. You guys have a good day. And back to you. Have a great life. He's a great day. They're great. It's packed. It's right. He said. They don't have this region, Sarasona. The signs. What a love. Look, look. Like I've always said, when people started about Wayne or about this one or Mickey Erisina, of course, I'm not that crazy about Mickey. But the bottom line is nobody goes to a sporting event because they like the owner. People like go to see the reds play. They don't go because they like Marge shot head. People at least know the station don't listen because they like Cox. Well, Cox broadcasting that is. See, I'd be surprised if you got five calls concerning this today. It's business is usual. You're here. They're happy to get your jewelry. You're getting calls in there. Well, people in the business are here. I keep hanging up on the floor. How come people told you didn't call us yet and then welcome us to the the packs and family? Huh? How come my mystery go didn't call you and say, well, I think it was that line checker on line five that keeps calling them. Oh, and that's bulldozer. Yeah. Yeah, he won't be doing that anymore. Facebook's just, they don't care. There's this is nothing else going on. You got T shirts, a pathers, they're coming back to town for the playoffs. Yeah, it goes on. And I got my tickets from Woody yesterday and we're not changing anything. I saw 10 30 and 20. Woody was the operative word when he came in here and I saw those tickets. I'd get one if I had some. But you don't. No. I got to go talk to Bob Green now that I don't work for him anymore. Maybe he'll be. You mean you do work for him for another three months or so. See, that's a figure of speech. See, I don't know if you ever been put in that position. I'd like to see there want the one good part about it in. In recent history, what they do is they have these local marketing agreements. It's called an LMA and when a station is sold, the two companies that make the deal of the new company gets an LMA in a agreed or run a station, at least to a certain point until the FCC approves the deal. What's now takes about three months? And then then and by that time, then you're like kind of eased into whatever's going to be going on. Now we're still under the one banner head. And you know, it's kind of like a lame duck thing here. Plus the fact. The next time Bob Grease is, you know, that's show this morning. You just go like that. That's all. You got to, hey, you're walking. Brettoomb Bob. Yeah, something like that. What's wrong with that? Well, see, they won't even notice any different anyone. Yeah, that's true. That's a good point. So that going now. Do you want to go? Well, it's, I enjoy chatting. I feel like I need the Alicia on me. Something, you know, I have a new one. Well, I know. I know. Well, it's kind of a shocking thing. And then to stick my ass on the ear here after word like I'm the old pro, you know, like I'm some kind of a, uh, this is not good. I don't mean that the deal isn't good. But I'll lower my 90. You told him every, but the whole, what? You've told him everything. Yeah, that's all right. That's all right. That's how we know. I forgot to tell him because he's a bud's holding a press. Got my good buddy, bud. Right. Uh, is holding a press conference at, uh, hey, listen, I'm easy. If they, it's a paychecks are good. You got a lot of clock this morning. Uh, $13 million. They bought the station for. Which seems to me like an off-a-low figure, doesn't it? I would think, didn't they just pay like 57 million for she? Wasn't that the deal? Yeah, but they must have been making money. Oh, but 13 million sounds like an awfully low number. Doesn't it? Yeah. Everybody else is talking to the eye. Huh? Unless there's something else going on that doesn't meet me. Everybody else is talking to 40, 50 million for this property. Because WID, not for sale. That's what we've heard, not for sale. Not going to be for sale. Right. Happy with you. We're going to stay here. Oh, you got eight bucks. Okay. We'll take it. Yeah. It's not a real high price. They're very excited. They said this was their best acquisition, their biggest day. I am their most monumental public. Well, I got I and Z in the light bulb on A and Zacly. And then the other one, but mentioned that I never heard of before. What is that WACC? Wackle radio and date? What is that? Boy, he's got properties that even the commission doesn't know one year. He's got some of those Pirates stations that are on. That's what they could do. They could put that in. They could put that in. That might be it. I'm going on Pirate radio. Oh, right. I better say. I can say all the words. You got passion on Pirate radio. Oh, yeah. I'll just sit here and read the paper for a while. Okay. It's a good good. Don't go anywhere. Okay. In fact, we have a big party in here. Let's get food from Flores today. Let's make ourselves really extra sick. See, that could be your punishment. He could send you to work for Bubba. Yeah. They've got Bubba radio in Panama City. There's nothing wrong with Panama City other than the people. It's beautiful there. Yeah. It's beautiful. For the people. What are they suck? Kind of like here. I can relate to that. Hello. Good morning. When is Diaz? Welcome to the wonderful world of Buddy Bud. No, please. You know, I don't have home shopping on my channel. Well, you better get it. You better go on. Get it. You can't listen to this radio station anymore. Yeah. And you better buy a bunch of stuff. You better get a little too. Better get some of those pubics. Your Coney is. I miss some of these details. They only bought IOD and not the FM. Correct. That is right. 13 million dollars. So next question is what building are you guys can be operating out of? We're going to be moving. I see now a little bit. Well, I guess there's nothing to see. Oh, good. You're not seeing what they are. No. Well, I don't know. We're going to be in their new building, which they're erecting, if I can say that. It's going to be done in a few months. And it's going to be up by 441 and what? Sky Lake Mall. He said Sky Lake. My mommy going. What are you laughing about? It's a lot better than here. Bray. You kids. All digital. Oh, yeah. If you on the toll too. And if they install any tape machines for playback, they'll be focused on how to build a real. What? Oh, I'm not going to hold on one. I'm going to hold on one. I'm going to hold on one. There's a turn. I get it. It's over. Yeah. That's a good. So who cares about the toll when you make it a big box? But you're least still employed? Well, that's why they probably unpaid 13 million. Because with the real estate that property would have been one more. I would think. Yeah, coulda gone up there. Point of the kind of report. That's right. I never thought about that. boxes dump it off this building which has got to be worth at least another 400,000. Oh, easily, easily. Well, I wish you well and I hope they don't mess with it, but I guess history is proved. Well, what do you think? You're all experts out there. You're all amateur program directors. Well, like the one we got. There's only one thing they need to eliminate from your station. Yeah. It'd be perfect. The sports programming. Yeah, but these people are very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very important. They look for a lot of sports. Yeah. One station that are David Winnish, one station with news. Yeah. They're going to be the sports dudes in the morning. No, no. Hey, they love sports. Good to do sports on that station. OK. Yeah. Maybe we'll be in the middle of that. Yeah, I think you got a good point. OK, pal. Have a fine day. Go Panthers. Oh, we have an open line of Broward. Oh, God. At 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. I'm all choked up. I really am. My neck is stiff. I feel like a linda blur. Well, be all right. This is going to be a great thing. Just keep saying that it's going to be great. It's going to be great. It's going to be great on the blackboard 400 times. Could you smile when you say that it'd be a little more convincing? Yeah, but we're on radio. OK. Anyway, well, of course, they put us, you know, just keep wanting another comfortable with this. Just, no, I'm uncomfortable being on a year with with rigid guide. Right. Right. It's another, I can abide by realistic guidelines. But when, you know, you've got to have a police to say about this company and then the other company, as far as I'm concerned, now, even though they're not saying our paychecks and even though this company still owns this place and they're calling the shots, we work for packs and now that's where our legal is not that I'm too faced or anything like that. So when some little torpey guys is to be nice to us, why? Because you got a paycheck coming tomorrow. Good point. I like this company. You know what it's like? I like Cox. It's like, it's like one company says don't talk about any of this. Any other company says and arrest that stuff you're going to talk about. Don't talk about any of that. Right. But just go on here and do you have a great show. Yeah. And have a good time doing it. I'm having a good time. I'm having a good time doing it. But what about that? But are you impressed? We got every line. Let's baby. Oh seriously, from a technical, no matter what I want to say, but what I started to tell you before, just keep this in mind. Yeah. Just keep this in the top of your cranium. And that is this. That three months down to road about the first of September ballpark. When this thing goes through the commission and the sale is complete. And we got to do it. At that point, we can say whatever we want about Cox broadcasting. That'll be a great day. And at that point, we can really, you know what I'm saying? I see. Guys, they're good folks. I love the sisters of all. But at that point, it'll be really interesting because you know I've never knocked them before. 1037 at Wiod. When you talk live on 610 Wiod, you'll be recorded and we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it. Was he done? Okay, 141. God is dancing is flying by. God, are we having a good time or what? Is it going to go this fast every day now that buddy butt on us? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. See now you know how I feel in the morning when you sit there in the middle of my switch. 1042 at Wiod. He's going to do a new play. We got food from forest coming in. We're going to have a big party here. The FM people are safe. They all got up and ran out of there. It's at 9, 9, 9, 9 and 9. Well, guess what? We're going to a beautiful new building. See, a new place will be all digital. You'll have count down. Yeah. You know, like, here's digital. They come by and you get to put it into the computer. And I can't say. Yes. Now it comes off. Yeah. I'm ripping the cocks. Well, you've been sensitive. Now, almost like you got sensitive. Well, you'll look to me and he started crying. You can't tell the truth that we have in his 96 computer that everything we get all night. Well, everybody knows that. We have a computer that the most little kids, most five year old kids, a better computer. I think you're being overly sensitive. I think buddy butt packs is probably the greatest human alive in cocks. Well, you know, good luck for him. Yeah. Exactly. God. Oh, what's that? You are sure. I'm cutting out some more. He's got a fish on each wheel now. Yeah. What do you want? I'm trying to get this. We did not give away that one. What is that? That goes back. We got it signed out, boarded. Hey, we're doing important stuff in this car. Don't worry about some pitly crap in your little one man promotional side. Do we even work for you any or with you or around? What was he? See how come he wasn't it to be? What? Okay. Let's go to a daynia. Are we on the air? Is this just a day? It's kind of like yesterday. Yesterday was the preview of this. Today it's like the after birth. Here's Dania. Hello. Yes sir. I'm okay. I thank Rick. They're all sir. I did. All perfect. Okay. Good. Hey, listen. What a relief man. God. I thought there was going to be major upheaval. Some like that. Yeah. And it didn't happen. I mean everything's normal. Pretty much. Another day we were all going to disappear. Well, I was. I didn't know what to think. I mean I didn't know it took three months for things to happen. You know. I don't think so. I love you guys. Well, I'll tell you this much that they certainly wouldn't have assumed our contracts, which, in some cases, happened to run into a significant amount of cash. No, no, seriously, if they plan on blowing us out in three months, what would have been the point of that? No, it's pretty dumb. They're buying IOD because they like it. Yeah, they think I'm the money. Yeah. They were. Because we're in. When it comes to AEM, everybody else is doing ones in two. Yeah. They're doing it with numbers. You're the boss with the hot sauce. Exactly. Exactly. Um, what else? The Latte and Marathon's pretty happy. The only one going. Remember that Latte and Marathon. That's right. All you people that were calling belly that's a very good point. The people that were calling belly, it can yesterday. Cream and it's scratching the door. Here on one about you, not gonna be able to hear us anymore up there in, uh, woman halley were in Mirathon and up in, uh, Viro and uh, all of us, red next up there. Well, you still got us now. And of course I said, here yesterday, Tony, that AEM radio was like knickers and it was out and, of course, buddy, but told us this morning, AEM is great. It's a great medium. And I had 10 to agree with them. I think I think we're taking you. No, I think we're taking yesterday. Well, we all make this. We make premature evacuations. That's what Mirrio said the other day. And we just, you know, spoke too soon. AEM's where it's at. That's right. Even those pickers got an AEM radio in their old pickup. That's sure. Right. Not everybody can afford a fancy high-fluten FM. That's right. Thank God. Right. What do you expect? I thought that's what I said yesterday. You better be sending us a whole mark card. Oh, God. What do you expect? How about one of them? Oh, sure. No problem. You'll love it. Thanks, man. Okay, hang on. Blind six. Send that Yahoo one of these. I got a half a dozen of these damn, uh, panther things. They say beware panther country. And they got the rats in, though. There's a big one there and they're like a peri shooting in, baby. By the way, there's a toll lady, it's a grade. So you've probably seen who's got a rat posted this morning. She's a nice lady. She always has a good morning sign. He's gone ahead the, um, the night after the, uh, last went against, uh, Philadelphia, the, uh, sixth game. She's the one that had the, uh, get cup crazy sign on Aaron header, uh, panther flag. Uh, sticking out the, uh, her thing. She's the best. Yeah. Right up this morning. She had a rat up her thigh. Right. Oh, yeah. Maybe it was a rat tail. Whatever happened with that by the way. They ever contact us, uh, since we gave them such nice coverage here. We give out their phone number, the rat tail people. They didn't. Are they selling those? Yeah. They're selling those damn things. And they said the first 200 bucks goes to the Jimmy Rice Fund and the Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi, and uh, and that was the end of it. And so I finally broke down to give their number. They're probably too busy taking orders right now. They don't have time to call and say, hey, we got a ton of, uh, I don't know if anybody wants those. I mean, do those really look like rat tails to you? They'll put on the, wait, don't believe us. They'll just show any more anyway. So, you know, we don't know. Yeah. No, they, you know, they're good enough. I thought when I saw them that they would go and you said, I'll never catch on. Yeah. I bet they do. By the way, can I tell you the only person out of all the rumors? The only, per, he won't mind my saying this because he's a professional. He had to anyway that gave me the correct information. And he had just heard it out on the street like at a bus stop somewhere. Was Rimmer. Really? Yeah. Yeah. So far off and everybody else who's got us buying this and going over 9.5 just to see what's going on. Well, that's true. But he has good feel for things. Mm-hmm. Now, seriously, all I crap about, uh, FM. So, so the bottom line, it's kind of strange too because you do realize now that within the building, for those who've never been in the building, which is almost all of you, we have the three radio stations, the two FMs in the AM, right? You said, wait. Up and up, us them, up and down the hallway. So now, how 105 and the coast, they're staying as Cox properties. They're not going nowhere because they love, did I tell you that's what Cox loves is FM? Right. They love those music, tube boxes. That's right, man. That's how they, uh, make their money. Make a lot of money. Don't make any trouble. Right. And so we're here too in the same building for at least, uh, well, that's going to be interesting too because even after the ownership change comes through, we're still going to be here for a while. Because he said about eight or nine months before the new building's done. They got some neat stuff down there, so that's where we're going to be. We're like the stepchildren of this building. Right. And tip the goddamn PD of the coast is staying out there and all like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You little twerp, he said that. Yeah. What a twerp. What an overgrown child. Weenie. Man, 13 year old PD on the coast. And by the way, that Gloria asked the fun sucks tip. Oh, I should have put a comma in there, so. Anyway, it's 1048. That was bad, even for me that was bad, but I didn't mean it. 1048 at WI would be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I am going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, Girls! I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be okay, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I am going to, I'm going to be really, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be We are all the people. You don't need one at all. Okay, 10. 55 in WIOD. So anyway, if you want to fix this in good stuff, you got any more good rumors to add to what we had in the meeting this morning. 7. 7. 8. 7. 5. WIOD. You're the only one that knew? That's a good point. And they put it in the business section. And I guarantee the Harold was probably dancing a jig if I can say that. Figure, oh yeah, well, a pack's in by ZIOD that fat bag is going to be out there that don't like the Harold. Guess what, guys? I'm not going anywhere. And buddy, buddy said he's going to double my pace. Something like that. He mumbled something. Or was it half double something? Yeah. Mumbled double. So anyway, let's do, uh, I'm in a minute. Wait a minute. Don't go stepping on a superstar. Here was got his own show, Nick Lawrence. Good day. You have a good day. Welcome to the radio map. Yeah, welcome to the wonderful world of buddy bud. All right, almost forgot. Yeah. Nick is part of the family. Yes, he is. You're part of our intended family. Hey, bro. Bro. Ghosts start. Yeah. I heard John Levitt on there this morning. This guy used to be my new guys. Are really scraping it. I love it. He used to be my producer. He's grown as a talk show. Yeah. He's grown any boy. There must be, uh, so in two pair of pants together, room, he's grown. I didn't hit Rick. Yeah, you did. You didn't like me. You got me fired. I didn't get you fired. That's because you were blind. Don't take it for some reason. Yeah, it wasn't anything you did. It's just because you're skin color. Right. Don't take that. He'd like to haircut. So let me ask you this. Now has everybody over there known about this for some time. Or do you just get the word or how to get broken down to you? You're going to find out in the future that secrets are very well-capped. And they don't say anything until the last possible seconds. So nobody here knew anything. Nobody here know what either. I mean nobody. I mean even people that you would think would have to know nobody. Nobody knew anything. Everybody was paid off to keep their mouth shut. The only one it like Rick just said. The only guy in town I knew was Barry Jackson. Which is a hell of a sad comment. So what's the a scuttle about over there? What's the reaction? Now that we're all going to be sucking out of the same trough. Some people are panicked. Yeah. Panicked about what? I know how a radio people get. They don't like change. And some people aren't making it. Right now. So they're upset because when you're on vacation. Just tell me what your problem is. Mr. Kame may call you later on today. No you're getting carried away. I mean on my 20th anniversary that was one thing. I mean that was hard to swallow. Let's take it slow. Let's ease it to this Nick. It'll be fun. Why would you be panicked over there? What changes could come? I don't know. Right now I think everything is cool. Everything will be fine. Well let's get into some of those rumors because while our radio needs. It's been stagnant to concern. I'm sure that you probably have come up with your own work. We've got all back to topics. That's what it is. The only thing that I know for sure is that everybody at FPL was on the air today. We can fix this. Right. Okay. And everybody who's on IOD today will be on the air tomorrow. FPL. Right. And the future holds that we're going to be one huge big building. Right. Now let me ask you. You guys also keep though. You don't ask me because they didn't sell the property I guess, which is kind of a joke. I love that. It's not true. Because these these people are we're desperate to get out. I guess is the way to put it. Let me ask you. Are you into building now that old I and Z is a building? No. I'm still up here for more to do. FPL? Yeah. They have a restart of the new building. I thought you guys moved into the old I and Z. Why used to work? No. The I and Z building they sold that outright to some record dubbing house. How do they in Calacity? Are you kidding? So they didn't make records out there. So they don't have any stations that building anymore. Got it. Got it. I was going to go there to show up for work tomorrow. Yeah. So you're in still up. Who? Mr. Cain. All right. Hey. Welcome aboard. Well, thanks so much. We do kind of like. And like to appear as a guest and show we can attack you. So like we used. Now we can have kind of an incestuous relationship if you're part in that expression. This would be absolutely wonderful. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Hey. I look forward to getting together with you. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to change a couple of things out. Maybe we get maybe we get maybe we get. Listen. Maybe we get. Listen. Maybe we get Alex better than there. Get a three way. Yeah. Yeah. You really want to do a few. What can I do? Just tell me what your problem. So you will have just like a big celebration party when the whole thing becomes final. Log it together and we'll just err our gratitude. How's that? Wonderful. Yeah. Rick says we'll put all that stuff in our behind is what he said. Whatever that means. I look forward to a great future to go. Okay. Steve. Thank you. See you. So anyway. See you. See you. See how you like it. Double U-I-O-D. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Use talking to entertain with radio. 610 W-I-O-D. You. I don't be. That's them. Let's go. Go. She looks like a lady. Look a lady. Look like a lady. Look a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the sides. Oh yes, there is a difference between the sides. Oh. You shallot me with his says. I thought you were my queen. But I know it's something funny. I saw the bulging your jeans. Look like a lady. Look a lady. Look like a lady. Talk like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. Oh. There's a difference between the sides. Oh yes, there is. I just can't be between the sides. You were my perfect lover. But I was surprised. Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised. She looked like a lady. Look a lady. Look like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the sides. Oh yes, there is. Between the sides. Oh. You are my old. That's fair. No, no, no. Okay, 11.07. I did W.I.D. Well, yesterday at this time, we thought it was going to be. And then, of course, we're at Barry Jackson's column. However, we had some loose-liped source over there at some place to tell them that there would be no changes at W.I.D. programming and that everybody's whatever. I'm thinking of myself, oh my god, bug-packs. It's by an estate and I'm going to get bought out because he should know what me on a year and they're going to give me like millions of dollars. And I'm going to go off to Italy and the room, the world and live a life for sure. I already told you, I don't have that kind of luck. Just ask the fat man at the track. Okay, he'll tell you, I don't have that kind of luck. It just will never happen for me. Even for Mikey over there. Hey, by the way, how are you doing, Reneri? Reneri is listed right now. Henry Barrow. He's out there. He's high five and with Rogers saying, oh, there were soft and we are. How do you know that? I mean, we might be okay. Here's a matter of fact. Look, you got Dennis Collins in there, of course. You know, what's the, they still own that Jefferson pilot as of today or what? Waxy. Because I know that B'sley is using that to throw the Panther games on there, but I don't believe they have any LMA with them or any SPCA or WPA or anything. So who knows? Like I said, just go out there by a big box of trading cards, baseball cards, hockey cards, whatever you like. And just start flipping them around. And then I say, hey, here's my own radio station. Here's Waxy, here's IOD, here's the coast and just, you know, that should be like a new board game. Better than monopoly man, because that's what they're all getting. It's a big juggernaut guy, damn monopoly, but hey, we're glad to be a part of it, aren't we? Because we like to be employed. All thank God. So anyway, here's a book. Okay, hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. My was surprised. I was looking forward to, you know, Neil Unplugged every day on FM and now. Yeah. It looks like the opposite. The only thing I know about Buddy Pappax and his what you, is that memo you once read us over the air. Oh yeah. And the station, he did mention that that we're going to be getting that guide book, the Pax and guide book right off the bat. This is going to become a Christian value radio station. No, no, it's just that I have to put a fish on each side of the car, but other than that it'll be okay. No, you know, in fact Dean Goodman is the general manager. So you got to have a few token Jews in there. So he winked, you know, Dean winked at me and a meeting said, hey, welcome aboard. Well, that's a good thing. Yeah. But I tell you what. And how dog hop aboard. I hope that they don't try to muscle muscle any of the people that I love on WIO. No, I don't think so. Because not only did he buy a station, but he bought the audience. Well, they know that. Okay. I mean, he went on. He made a lengthy. I mean, long ponderous. I mean, drawn out thing about how they love the station and the station is the people on it. The programming. They've done all this research and they don't plan it. Of course, they're always going to say they don't plan any major changes. That doesn't hold any water with anybody. I mean, that's not a knock at him, but it's just everybody always says that. But, you know, what would be the purpose of buying this station if you didn't want to keep the people who have the numbers on the station? Follow what I'm saying? What would be the point? I hope the past logical. Yeah. I mean, there wouldn't be a point unless you were trying to unless you had an agenda and you were trying to buy a big station to pursue that agenda. No, that's not. No, I don't hear too much religious programming on the light bulb or an I&Z. Okay. No, the agenda is the dollar bill. That's all these people in broadcasting a day. That's the agenda. Regardless of any personal stuff, trust me when I tell you it's a business. Well, no, I don't want to be sure to anything. Just want me to stay up. Yeah, I'm here. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. I can take a big deep sigh of big breath of relief except my friends at the Harold over there except for Barry Jackson who happens to be okay for a fat little puts. Yeah, he actually sniffed this all out. He's the only guy in time. You got to give him a little bit of credit not too much, but he actually went and doubt he sniffed it out. So when's Bo Camper go to QAM? We have an open line on the green line. Now he wasn't at the meeting was he? And man, which wasn't there. Of course, they're not full time employees. But they were conspicuous by the rapsons. Defoe was there. He had a beer in one hand in a golf club in the other hand. Can't blink in its deep nickel. I don't know what that was all about. Oh, boy. Talk about an incestuous relationship. God, almighty. Ah, did I just say that? I don't think so. It's 11. Because we want to super-service each other here. That's what it's all about. Bring JC and here I'll show them what super-services. It's 11. I have to 11 at Wiod. Oh, so anyway, you know, the thing that really gave me the most confidence at the meeting this morning. First we had Bob Neil and Bob Green from Coxbrook casting. He was the news and Bob Neil reading his prepared statement, which I thought was a little kind of a stiff reading their Bob. And then, but Paxness, and his people came in here on a clock and the thing that really gave me the utmost confidence when all the FM people left and was just as AM people sitting in a room in Bud Pax and it's kind of a big guy and imposing presence stood up there in front of the room and said, The worst talk radio ever heard in my life was on Wiod. The worst talk radio ever heard in my life was on Wiod. Yeah. And we all said, He loves us. He loves us. He loves you. We have an open line on the green line, 1-800-944-494-633-180444-Wiod. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Good morning, yes sir. I'm going to ask you a question, you're like a really wise person. I mean, ask you, why is that the state continues to be a taxonomous human street? I don't understand that. You'll be by that. Well, they're always giving them a hard time. I don't understand. Because the state of our bunch of bosos don't you understand if the state weren't a bunch of bosos, we had full card-siamel casting and card rooms and all this other stuff five years ago. When everybody else was starting to put it in. We're always delast and the worst. I don't know if they were ever time you make a bet. You're helping to stay out. I don't know if they don't realize that footage. You're asking me, like it meant like I'm supposed to make sense out of trap liver. I can't tell you they're more ons. Hey, but you're God. Yeah. Let me ask you. At least finally, finally, they got it through the legislature and they also, the same Deborah Miller who was holding it up for months and months and months said, while as long as the legislature passed it, let's expedite it and allow it right away now instead of waiting until the first time. So we can take advantage of all the extra revenue that's coming in. Yeah. Now is that brilliant or what? How about all the extra revenue that could have been coming in for those months while they were holding it up? Well, you know, I don't get it. I'm going to ruin the call by asking this. What do you think about Gary Mills's PD? Like I said, we have an open line in date, 7519 for was that Gary Mills boy friend or what? Jesus. Sounded just like him. 7519, 463 and date. We got an open line on a green line. You better call on those green lines because now that we got a new outfit coming in here, they're going to want to know, okay, which lines work, which ones get the calls? They're not going to be spending a hell of a lot of extra money, wasting money down a drain. They're going to make money with this turkey. They're going to show the Cox people I would have done. Trust me when I tell you, they're going to show these folks how to turn a damn big profit. Are they? Okay. So anyway, it's 11 17. It's just an amazing thing boy. And if you've never been in no matter what kind of business all the way, I guess in radio, it happens more frequently than any other business. You know what? The entire staff is called in. And they sit you down and they say, well, uh, guess what? Today, uh, we're, uh, decided we're, you know, for a whole bunch of bogus reasons we're selling this place and here's your new owners. And some of you are working here and some of you are not. And if your name is still on the list of the, that kind of stuff. It's a very, very gut-wrenching experience. Anyway, 11 17, let's do four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How can you, um, work for this guy? You know, you hate him. Why not? What do you mean, why not? How about the presenoters? How about the, Hey, Jen? You've ripped him and you haven't ripped them? Well, that is much of your reaction. Well, you see, that's called survival is what it's called. I got you. Yeah. Yesterday I was looking to fat hank and he said you'll only work for cock. Yeah, yeah, you know something. Let me tell you again, I don't care about the hummer. Okay, I'm not interested in what he has to say. All this cute little lines. I'm sitting here making more money on one job than a, he'll ever make doing 10 jobs. And he's sitting over there on a radio station. It's got one in two shares with a little pimple face kids on here. And you guys out there worried about what the hummer says. I don't care. I'm not interested. All right. Doesn't phase me. I consider the source a bitter first rated fat old man. That's the hummer. All right. Well, listen, you give buddy bit packs and hell. Okay. Don't let him intimidate you and do. I'm going to, I'm going to make him do a shot. I'm going to convert him to a trust play. But you're not going on your show, is he? No chance. All right. Too bad. You guys aren't going on to big one or six. I would have been an awesome one. Well, that was the rumor, you know, that was the rumor. Do you think it could happen still? No. Taxion would buy no chance. No chance. No way Jose. He's shown me the light. A.M. is where it's at. Just when he heard all that crackling and puking and popping. Just this regarded. A.M. is where it's at. Come on, Neil. I mean, I can't believe you're saying this now. It's just a joke. It's just just lighten up. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't want you to still be the angry prophet to have. You want to be angry prophet to have. You want to be angry prophet to have. You want to be angry prophet to have. You want to be a prophet to have. You want to be a prophet to have. What's wrong with being an angry prophet. Do you not see the. You want to see our time. I'm finally. I'm. I'm. Okay. You lost. We have an open line and. Broward five to four. Like I'm sitting here sucking up or something. I'm just doing. What is necessary to be done. That's all. It's called survival. And to be quite honest with you. I'm ambivalent about the whole thing right now. Anyhow. It might turn out to be great. We don't know. How do we know if I had crystal balls I shouldn't be sitting here. I probably be at the urologist. But you know it might turn out to be fantastic. What? Guys. You're asking. Why is it that lights are lighting up that don't even have phone lines on me putting people on hold while I talk to the guard. The cigar Dave. We don't have nothing to do with them anymore. If he wants to. He's a whistle and dixie. That's. Boy, boy, cigar Dave. And I got news for it. Buddy Bud Packson came up to me after the meeting this morning in whispered and I first in my ear the first show that's going to be off this station is that stupid cigar show from Tampa. I don't think so. Neil because they were on an a pack of stations in Orlando and Jacksonville. He says he says just like a big cigar that's show blows. Hey, I hear we're slicing the so Henry show. And he after news. It's going to be off the guard talking. He after news. Funny. You're a clown. Hey, Neil. I get out of my empty yesterday. I'm going to try to drop off some cigars because probably you wouldn't let me in the studio anyway. True. I know that. True. And you know something. Nobody who listens to this show. Listen to your show on Saturday. Nobody. What are you talking about? I'm just telling you you've got your own select little audience there on Saturday. I'm not knocking you. You're making something out of nothing. You're making gold out of trouble. I come in for that. But don't think that these people are making gold out of trouble over for years. Neil. I'm just following you. Yeah. I'm talking about that chance. You're the best there is at that. I'm telling you, hey, what are you eating? Don't you get some rascal house or some wuffy's or what? Let me ask you a question. Do Tom Palavita put you up to this car. Now Tom Palavita is sitting right here. Yeah. Just walk. I was a geek. I was a geek. I know. It comes to my prime office. You're on spoken cigar here. You know, and he's got to come in and bother me. I wanted to tell him convey a message to him. One of the things as we sever our relationship very soon with Cox Broadcasting on his radio station. One of the things that I'll never ever forgive. I mean, forget is and that was a Freudian slip was the great opportunity we had to be on WSUN and had the greatest association with Todd Lisa and Tom Valvita for those two years whatever was of agony and hell. Well, I will relate that to you. Yeah. They miss you up here. Now I'll bet they do. I wish I could say this thing. You're going to stay with the idea. Yeah. I'm going nowhere. They have assumed my deal, which has another three and a half years on it. I assume that's all be here. You know, I hear he's got a big jet and no props is your such a big parent. And you get food delivered into your studio. Yeah. And you got a studio where you get the whole girl microphone and you're out to where headphones were like me. Right. They're going to let you fly in the big, uh, packs and jet. I wouldn't be surprised at that. In fact, if packs is on us already, I guarantee you that next Tuesday, I'd be on my way to Pittsburgh and the packs and jet for that penguin panther game. You probably, especially if you bought the team. There you go. That's what we think about team. You know, you could be the official spokesman of the Florida Panthers. Yeah. Well, we're working on it. Hey, Neil, I've got some cigars that I'm going to send you and George. Great. Yeah. George is George. George is in their yawning profusely. I was just bad timing. Yeah. I need a crate. Yeah. He says he loves your show and it's the best on radio and set him up. I'm a bunch of cigars. He's like sucking up and he's like I want the girl. That's it. You got it. I'll go back to you guys. Okay, Dave. You're killing a man. You're killing. You're killing me too. I know I'm killing you. Long asses to you, pal. You're killing me. Do you see it? See you. Say goodbye. Oh, that guy. How does he happen to call today? What did I do to get the, you know, to deserve the honor of that? It must have been something really bad. cigar Dave, who's on smoke this every Saturday between doing and two in his adish yo. Oh, baby. Wow. That's on right before suck this, isn't it? It's 1123 at Wild. We talked a lot about the dolphins. But this week they'll have to wait. Big burly guys, smacking each other and slapping a little puck around, get to spotlight. It was for Lord Stanley's Cup. The most Panther coverage is right here. On news, talking entertainment video. The 610 WIOD. Many of us may not be getting enough. When you were young and you looked in your sister's draw, you probably tried her dress as on. And now you think it's okay since you saw brave hot. And so skirts are a guy. But you killed his two high. He killed his two high. It puts him under way run. Well, yeah, Mr. Ward, humble. This is our plan, go off with D4 window, Steve. I'm sorry, it's 1128 at WIOD. Happy Wednesday, too. We're starting to, you know, it's one of those things. It's like a shock in the beginning. You know, that starts to sink in. And you realize that you're in a big, uh, packs in family with Mr. Eagle and with Nick Lawrence and with John Levit. Uh-huh. And with Norman Kent and Alice Rand Tell. And with, um, who the hell is it? I and see, do you know that people I worked with years ago are still over there. Mike Wolf doing the news. Lori Shepherd. Huh? What ever happened to Frank Motek? I know he's not him. He went to California. He's a good guy. But Mike Wolf's a good guy. Great. He's a box handy. I close the pizza box. Will you Slabio? I didn't open it. I know you didn't, but close it anyway. Slabio. So who's the, um, no, who's the guy who used to remember the guy from Detroit that we had over here the one day that I think is the greatest was such a great news guy and he was on channel seven for about two weeks. He does news over at INZ. So, and great. He's great. He's like a real news guy. He's an INZ. I'm not saying turn on INZ because quite frankly, forget that. But, uh, it's just we're just trying to see who we're in bed with now. So to speak. You know, when you're like in the middle of this big radio orgy, and you kind of look around just to see who's uh, tow is sticking out there and who's armpit and whatever. And what is that object over there? Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, I was thinking that maybe Pac-Aun put a put you on one of the FM stations they own like, uh, she or Zeta. There's no possibility of that. Because she just had a format change and they blew it up. I would. Yeah. I never really thought about that. There's no see this guy. This guy's a lot smarter and we are George. I never really thought about that. On on sheet, there's no talent at all. It's this Mitch Lewis comes on there and you hear his voice, but there's no. I figured there's when he, when he till the deal goes through and he, uh, we just lost this guy damn it. He got a call waiting. We like he better call back. He's the only guy that would call today when the way thing was talking about. You know, my favorite thing on she is when the music ends and Mitch Lewis says, Bracom and that's, you know, that would be the exit for me. But anyway, yeah, I don't know if that's a possibility, huh? Because he's got the some FM's in the market. He's got love. I don't think we're going on on 1194. But he's got she and he's got Zeta and he's got some cash. Yeah, she needs help. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. So anyway, here's a Pembert Pines. Hello. Pembert Pines. You might have run online. You might do it several wrong. Yeah, I went to a green line. That's what I did wrong. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Thanks. If I can say that. Yeah, I think we got over the hump today. We're still employed. Yeah. Um, did you check your voice mail today? I never check it. George, did you check it? Nothing. There. Are you kidding? No. No, we've been kind of busy here today. Fill was doing something yesterday afternoon just before the end of the show. He was just going through the voice mail. And he was doing that for four hours yesterday. So it's a message in there for you. It was an old blue hair. Yeah. They called up and said, I hope you're not leaving me. Oh, really? By the way, do you have any key shots? Yeah. I love it. Yes. By the way, do you have any key shots? Yeah. All right. I'll take one. Okay. Well, lady. Hang on. Line one. I was cute. Now that was worth it. He'd earned the t-shirt. How many we got? Three left. By the way, thanks to Lewis and Linda Sanchez, no relation to Rick. I pray from dragons, then costumes and pepper pines. It says, please enjoy the t-shirt design. And thank you for the many listeners that you sent by to buy panther rats. I'm going to go like that. So I guess I'm going to have to get the load down on this whole packs and organization. We're going to have to find out Dean Goodman, what he's all about. I still can't remember the name. The one guy his name was Hoker. Was that his name? Because he said it's like hooker without the other role. J. J. But his name Hoker? Is that it? Yes. Are you sure? Hoker with one of. Hoker. But I mean, is that my pronouncing it right? Hoki. J. Hoki. He said, what's the succession with Hoki? And I said, shut up, bald. And sit down. And then there's the tall guy, Al. See? Alan. Something or other. Alan, something or other. And then there's Dean Goodman, which I know him. Because he actually, we're. Yeah, Al Niri. Yeah, he's bringing the chocolates to the pope. Yeah. But anyway, I did know Dean Goodman, because he used to be General Man's Year of Love 94 back in those days when it was like everybody had one station or maybe two stations. And then all of a sudden he got involved. They passed and bought up Love 94. And he was like the General Manager of 175 radio stations. So I guess it's on 176. He can't be all bad. He's Jewish. How do you like that? Oh, hey. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. What is this? Listen, I'm one of the askers. The, uh, the avalanche. What was our record against and during the season? Not good. And I could at all, huh? I remember the last game we played out there. We blew the lead and we won up of the tie. The game here that we had a four to one lead after one period. We want to blow on a game and losing it over time. So I don't know what the whole, I don't know what the overall record was. Although maybe that's all we played them because there are any other conference. We may have only played them twice, which would be O111. And what's with the red wings? They seem like they're in a coma and Steve the eyes are men as all. I spent all this time in a hyperbarrack chamber holding onto his groin and Paul coffee left after the second period last night did not come back. And then Bob Avery got nailed and he didn't come back there. They're done. They are done. And better off, he seems like he's not into it at all. Do you know he scored one goal in the whole playoffs? I know, I mean, it's for a guy of his talent. I mean, it's like he's, I don't know, like he's in the fog or something. Yep. It seems like there were real choke teams. They are. I didn't, I, I'm not the one that told you this many months ago, even while we were winning every day in game and I said, you just wait, everybody laughed at me. They said, there are four, they're like a dynasty. I said, you wait till a playoff somewhere along the line. And probably before the finals, they will choke the big one. And they're, they're gagging on it. Yeah. Go into the F2 you mentioned, she isn't their station in Davy. Kind of, yeah. At least it was. Now, it's in Davy. I thought that was a QAM in Kiss. Well, that's Miramar. The reason I asked that was because I was out that way about a week ago. And I'm just riding through a trailer park. That's where it is. And at the back of the trailer, it's going to trailer park. It's a radio station. Right. You know? Correct. It's kind of a spot that's the right thing to do. It's in the center of a trailer park. Unless you're going to go country. Yeah, I don't know, maybe. And you can't to get a teacher. Oh, my God, are you kidding me? No problem. Okay. Hang on. Lied six. Take care of that fine gentleman right there, huh? So I'm not getting $80 million. Is that the deal? I'm not getting like one big check. Little torps. It's 1135 at Wild. A lot of guys talk sports, but not like default, Rubin and Hyde. Sports riders on the radio. There's no show, quite like it. And the boys do their show live on location. Every Thursday night at David Busters. There's no place, quite like it. Talk Panthers, talk dolphins. Talk Facebook with default, Rubin and Hyde. Play pool, play shuffleboard, play unbelievable video games. Sports riders on the radio. Thursday night at 6 p.m. Live at David Buster. On news, talk at InterTainland Radio. 610 WIO. This is your car. And you have an uncontrollable urge to pick up a cell phone and say, but low. No problem. Just hit pound IOTD. What was that? Mobile one cellular and AT&T wireless customers do it for free. Town IOD. Mobile, baby. Mobile, mobile, mobile, mobile. From Mobile one cellular. AT&T wireless. And news, talk at InterTainland Radio. 610 WIO. What the hell was that? That's a spot with the WIOD sounding out Q on it. Followed by a promo. Well, what kind of garbage is that? We won't be here. That kind of sloppy stuff anymore. Once we get, you know what I'm saying? Exactly. Once we get our crap together. We won't be here. No sloppy bull crap like that. Speaking of sloppy bull crap. What do you want, Brian? How you doing, Neil? This is Brian the board up from FTO. Continue looking for an audience. I have moved up and beyond being the board up at FTO. Yeah. Who you're servicing now? I mean, what are you doing now? Oh, that's funny. The only sad thing is it normed can't as an answer to him. He's missing out on all of this goodness. Yeah. Well, he'd probably be too uncoherent to understand it right now. Anyway. That's probably true. I probably true. But we're going to have like the coolest Christmas party. We'll have Rick and Suss. We'll have you. Yeah. Steve Kane. We'll have Paul Castro. We're going to have like the... I forgot about Castro and Oball. I forgot about him. Oh, my God. Number one in the market. Now he'll probably number one in what? Well, right behind Howard's turn by a point or something. No, actually he beat him out. Did he beat him out? Yes, he did. Pretty badly, 2-Zematter, fact. I know. We got the number one guy in the morning there. We got number one in midday by Heds and shoulders, what you're talking to right now. And we'll see. And I've number one overnight, so that doesn't matter. Yeah. What do you got a point one? Number one. I had a... a four-fives. A four-point five-share overnight. I'd have to yell. I'm like, God, and if only some of them were under the age of 100, you'd be right in the bull plant. True. But you're no John Levitt. Just keep saying that to yourself, Brian. I don't know what it is. Nick Warren is dragging all of these talk show hosts from the 1970s and having them fill in for Norm Kent while he's on vacation. Yeah, that's it's sabotage is what it's called. Steve probably put him up to it. Well, I want to see you. Just remember, next time you see John Levitt, just stare him in the face and go, Aha. And see what he does. I think he's still wearing the same clothes. He was wearing when he worked at WNWS. He used to sleep in him. I never thought that we would be working at the same company, but you're not going to be in the same building as us, though. Yes, we will. Aren't you going to be up there on 4.41? Yes, we will. Oh. How do you like that? That is just very bizarre. So you better get your knee pads ready, Brian? Oh, yeah, that's right. Okay. All right, but we'll be looking for you. Okay, believe me. We have an open line. Yeah, that's Brian. He's a good guy. He's okay. He looks pretty good. Yeah, that's right. We'll have Jc and air. He'll be like hanging around just being there for morale. That's it's going to be a great thing. You know what? Just keep saying that to yourself. No, I started to say this before. And then I kind of interrupted myself, which I've never done before. And that is when something like this happens. And of course, you have these preconceived notions about everybody. Although I'm led the last many years of my life. I've been much less. In other words, I don't care about J-Core about this company, about news city. I don't care about any of that. It doesn't affect my life. In other words, if ever they should buy the station one of those companies, then at that point I start figuring out, are they good? Are they bad? Are the assholes? What are they? But all these people that spend their whole lives were about what? And of course, most of the people that spend a lot of time were about stuff like that. Are people that are always looking for a job? Like PDs. Oh, yeah. Well, Claire channels doing this and J-Core is doing that. In my ads on page 28 and R and R. Oh, sorry. Stuff like that. But you know, you can't, in other words, you can't tell what the water is going to taste like, until you drink from the well. Right? Isn't that the way it works? Something like that? Yeah, I just made that up. It was kind of like a half-aligned from the Godfather. He must let us draw the water from the well. Is nobody said if he's our piezon, if he's our friend? Must let us win our beak. Exactly. That's what I just said. He must let us win our beak. What a chicken shot to comment that was. So anyway, buddy, but sitting at all the water you want as long as it's so late, they keep bringing it to you for free. And I said, thanks a lot, pal. Hey, listen, the man is from Rochester, New York. Okay, right off the bat. He's mentioning WHAM, WHAC, WSAY. Right off the bat, we got this great relationship. Okay, he's a big sports fan. He loves the panthers. Okay, so we can't all be a guy. I mean, what's, you know, some of us are going to be Jews just to keep the word going. I don't know. But like I said, it starts sinking in and you really don't know. You get to that point where you're kind of like in that, and I'm sure by later on, like it's attractive, I'll be really confused. Here's Pemba and of course talk about yentres. So won't that be great? Fabricial be there. Here's Pemba Pines, hello. Hey, good morning, what you Rogers, how are you? I'm doing okay. Listen, I will listen to Rick and Sir just morning on tape. Yes, but now 15, I've set the old I and Z because I want to get a traffic report. Oh, that was a bad mistake. Well, I drive for a living, so I need a traffic report now. Yeah. When I heard the state is saying, hey, Neil, welcome back. I said, what's going on? Are you serious? I bet it was Lori Shepherd. No, it was the lady. Well, I'm Lori Shepherd's a lady. Yeah, and then she wouldn't want to say the how you have worked for two other stations. And she wouldn't also want to say the high manifestation that just packs from home. Right. I'll be there. I like that. Yeah. But I never heard it on your station. You know, until you came on. Well, that's because the other thing was on tape. We were having our meeting. We were holding our meet across the street. And anyway, how you know about six months ago, Rick and Sir had a doubt that was a psychic. Yeah. And he mentioned something about this change. Are you kidding me? Honest. Oh, I actually ripped a while morning about it. The psychic, you know, if the psychic was on because he was trying to, it was something concerned that dolphins, you know, and I guess he wanted to, you know, get the dolphins and the, you know, in the winning spirit or something. Right. But just like it, the particular thing. Well, I know the guy you're talking about right. Right. Anyway, I enjoy your show, and I'll still be listening. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, we're still employed. We're still here. How do you like that? Some people don't like it too bad. Blow it out your ass. Like those people over there at the Harold. We got a real surprise for you guys. We have an open line in, uh, Broward, 5249463. Although we do like to buy me heat a lot, and we especially like McEarison. I never thought about that, right? Because the heat are on several other stations. Like five or six of them, so everybody can hear him at night. I never thought about that. That Mickey Earsons. I hell of a go at guy. Oh, right? If you think we're going to start singing a company line on this guy, damn show, you got another thought coming, but you're probably right. I'll tell you that. I'll see the color of the money is what I'll see. I'll see what that check looks like. That big corporate check on Thursday, starting in September. I'll like hold it up against the, uh, the Cox one and see what they look the same, you know. I'll rush that thing over the bank and see whether they're smile on their pushes any bigger. Like, oh, this is a packs and check. No problem, Mr. Rogers. Here's the cash. Stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah, I have some food, Julie. Have part of our celebration and everybody just dig right in there because we're having a big party. Just please leave me a slice of pizza. Please I'm begging you. See if there you laugh and I mean, if I don't say that last time everybody walked out with all the food and I said he would my foot and my post. Mobile one wants you to know the facts if you're using Belle South or 18 T cell. You're probably overpaying for your cell at a service. Thank you so much sweetheart. Mobile one cell you didn't work off as you service. Surely I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it. What a catch, alright. Marlon sign them up. Did you see that? I caught two of them at the, one hand. And they appeats it, too. Do you know, I'm not thinking about boring stuff. No, from the P&C company. It's the tuna taco. Why love it, you know, taco. Yes, people across the world are coming out of the closet. I love sliding my tongue into a tuna taco. Don't be in company goes out of its way to bring you the best in your tuna taco place. Mmm, that is your tuna taco. She likes it. Hello, I'm lesbian, president of the B&C company and I'm happy to present new to your dinner table this seafood tuna taco. My favorite is tuna taco with crab. Oh, I bet it is. So go on down. It's fill up your box with tuna taco. Also available with cheese. To the taco. Okay, 1151 at WOD. We got a nice party in our pants here from Flores, our friends up the street on 79. Just on piscaine. I'm whatever that is 79. Just east of his cane. Nothing like Flores, baby. They are so great to us. Now they're going to still keep coming here even after I think so. Just tell him to bring the fish sandwich. We have an open line in Broward 524946. We go one on a green line. 1 800 944. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I love that bit the tuna taco. How bad? How bad you do? And it's getting close to lunchtime. How do you like that? A few questions. Yeah. You're still going to keep your 610 calling, right? We're going to keep one. Thanks for ever going to be on the ticket. To get that taste and smell. How do your system? Yeah, we're still going to be on 610. We're not going anywhere, yeah. Good. Also, now are you going to redo your contract with Maxine or are you just going? There they're assuming it. They're assuming. So George's not going to get any more either. Oh, I don't know. That's between him and him. No. I sure doubt it. You don't put your fingers in that. They said they pay by height. So Andy's in big trouble. Oh, and my last question being, actually, not my last. But what about the, I got you down lady? Is she, are they going to blow her off? I don't think so. They said they were buying out all these contracts and she was one of them. So I assume she's going to be here. Yeah, but with the right wing mentality. I mean, with the sex to know. Well, if they had a right wing mentality that they wanted to put over on a year, why would they keep me here? In other words, if they were going to draw numbers, she doesn't. Well, so I rest my Kate. I don't know. I really can't tell you. I know she was in the meeting. I saw her for about a half a second. And nobody said goodbye. To be honest with you, I think her deal is, um, I don't know whether it's expired already or if it's up in September. Somebody said yesterday her contract is up in September. And that's about the time when the, the FCC would approve the sale anyway. So I don't know. Well, we're going to be doing something. I do know. I do know this and I'm not letting any cats out of the bag because Paxon said this in public many times. They're very sports oriented. They've already got the heat. They've already got, um, you know, their sights. They would like to keep the dolphins on a station, which they'll have. This does that often for this next season. And I think they would like to get the Panthers and the Marlins and the whole ball of wax. So maybe we can have you from, uh, tend to two and then from say six to ten with, uh, panther talk. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, that's it. And last but least, uh, could I get that t-shirt? Oh, my God. Do we have any left by the way, George? Oh, we have three left? Okay. No problem. Hey, I appreciate it. Hang on. Have a great one. He's on my way. We got, we got one left now. Or two left. Why? Like I said, we have three left because I sent six and you said five earlier. No, I said they sent six. You just weren't paying any attention. You were busy doing your yetto routine. And they're with all these other, uh, underlings. I'm sure you said five. I said six, Mr. Okay. Five. I said 10 quay. What does that mean? Mexican nickname. I said we give things away the 10 quay. So anyway, like that. And so when you receive them in a mail, the envelope will be on a slant. I don't know what they're like. Well, that's all about just cut the crap. Quit, quit, try to be cute. Okay. We're trying to like clean up our act a little bit here. Okay. We're trying to be a little more prestigious. Like who's our guest going to be tomorrow? Nick Lawrence is going to book some great guest for us, right? That's it. Maybe he can get some more of those goddamn mail models off. So I've been like he did the last thing he worked over here. That was a show, Nick. That was something. Okay. That was really a great job. I'll tell you one thing about Georgie Porgio over here. He don't get no guests like that. Of course we don't do any guests, but here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing? How are you doing? I'm going to get a set of really remember. Yes sir. Neil, I got a question right. He further off, right? Do you think that's Russian mafia has had this thing going up? Because I remember they had a story about that. Do you think there's something going on with that? No, I don't. No? No. Okay. I think it's the big choke. I think Don Sherry's right about these Russians. I think when a pressure when the going gets stuff, the Russians take off. Right. And all the heat is to say go peppers. Okay. I'll read you there. Say what? We have an open line. And did he say all the Haitians? Say go panther. I'm on. All right. The bandwagon is big enough for them to hang onto the edges. They're probably used to that. You know, there's a little rafts. We have an open line in date. 7 519463751 WID. What on a green line? In case you missed the big news this morning. I don't know where to head your business. This is a very momentous day. Cox enterprises as sold WID radio. The packs and communications ink. And the sale will take effect in about three months or so. Probably about early September when the FCC approved the same. And in the meantime, Cox enterprises retains the rights. And we still got the same sad looking people wandering around the building. Because guess what? Were the steps children now? See that? That's the interesting part to us on the AM. We'll look at some of those people and say, well, you know, they're ancient history. But in the meantime, we're in their building. We're in their building. You understand what I'm saying? Isn't that a very uncomfortable feeling? Like even though Cox still owns it, we're like, stepped children and it's any day that we're going to be a belonging to somebody else. But even after we belong to the pack, we'll still be in this building for some months because it's eight or nine or ten months before they get there. No building finished and we move in there. Boy, that's really going to be something, huh? Now, can you, can you all, man? I just had a great vision of what's going to be like on the first day after the transfer of the stations. And we're still going to be right here. All right. Oh, my going to do a show on that day. How a whole boy. And we'll be sitting right here and they'll be out there at a whole week. Oh, geez. Go shut the transmitter up. You better not touch it. We'll call buddy bud. Don't be touching that transmitter in there. Mitch Weenie. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, I guess. I'm from sunrise. The home of the Stanley Cup winners. Oh, oh. Oh, no. Neil, did you know that the Stanley Cup was going to be at JC Pennies today? Yes, I did between two and seven. Did you know that it's going to be at haven't you? Ramala, JC Pennies between two and seven of tomorrow? Oh, I don't go to Miami. Well, I'm just telling you. I know. Where do anybody who needs to know? Oh, well, I'm going to go today. I hope there's no one going to be online. Well, what are you going to do? I want to take a picture. They said, what are you going to do? What are you going to put in it? I'm interested in things. How about you? Yeah. Neil, do you still like Louis Miguel? Oh, sure, do. Wow. Did you do the ways yesterday? Yeah. And I found a gorgeous picture of him. And so, Mitch and I put some little notes on it. I need to know where to send it to. Do you want to send it to me? Yeah, of course. Wiod. Okay. Miami. Uh-huh. 3, 3, 1, 4, 1. Okay. And on the outside of the envelope, put Neil that old perverted Fag on there. It's said that I'll know what it is. Okay. All right. And can I call someone to do special? Of course. Mitch has video waves. Yes. Okay, sweetheart. All right. I'll be right back. See you. Open line in day 7519-463. We got a couple on the blue lines here in Brower. We're starting to like Peter out a little bit here. I just can't. We can't afford to luxury that. Because this is just one of those days, man. We need to have an explosive. Uh, we already had one explosion this morning. I heard it myself. In fact, I heard several. It sounded like a diarrhea attack is what it sounded like to me. But then you never know. That's what boy Gary said. Anyway, moving right along. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing Neil? I'm, uh, bear with him call from a pay phone. Uh-huh. A quick fire report. Shapiro had Mike Lane's calls from, from Game 2 on TV last night. Well, isn't that great? And, uh, your last week's intro of all four goals from, uh, Philly's, uh, Game 6 was one of the best ventures you had. And it, and a little brainstorm came into my head. Why don't you package with, uh, River and Sunshine a, a season ending, uh, video tape, uh, all these highlights, you know, the, uh, the Panther highlights for those season showing, uh, some of the, uh, spectacric goals are you, uh, well, the team does that. I mean, I'm sure they must have one. I thought you could do it with a, you know, with the press. I'm going to prop this going to center one. Yeah, but we don't have the rights to that. That's never going to fly. The each team has the, uh, right exclusive rights to that stuff. And they put on their own tape at the end of the year. And I can sure it'll be a great one this year. Oh, well, all right. Well, I didn't know that they had the tape at the end of the, I'll be all really be looking forward to it. They got it. Yeah, that's that's Steinem. I'm just doing a great job with the hockey and, uh, look forward to seeing you Friday night. I'll be there. Okay. See you. Open line of day to a crowd, one on the purple line and one on the body, but packs a lot. caution over exposure to this radio station will affect your cell chemistry. W I O D you might have been 40 out of a day. News talking entertainment radio. 16 W I O D. I put you on the spot right here. Yeah. You know, so she was like rushing through that there at the end. Just praying. Uh-huh. She had her legs crossed and fingers crossed. I had everything crossed. You don't have Mary Osindrom do you? No. Okay, because I thought maybe that's why you had your legs crossed. Where are Kenny? So what do you think? Now you and I won't get that right. Well, that building is not there anymore. The one out there in, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Oh, the ranch. Right. The I N C ranch. Uh-huh. But we worked out there together. Those were the days. And it was okay. Yeah. Yeah. Remember Lady the dog? I'd Lady. Yeah. And she's dead. I remember Jane the Secretary. And I can tell me she's dead. She's dead. You remember Kyle, my board-off, my producer? I know. I was a he's dead. Um, number Larry Kent and sales. He's dead. He's dead. Uh, remember Stanley Cohen? Remember Kent Taylor. Remember Jim, uh, what was then the production guy? They're all dead. What was his name? I don't know. With the purple sweaters. Jim Harper. He's dead. He's dead. You remember Stanley Cohen? He's dead. But he might as well be. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Oh, it's a good guy. And that's the truth. I'd like to get closer. How about you? It's a good time. Forgetting it on. We could play Jim, but all that long. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a little low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a low. He's a little glowy. He's a little more low. He's a little less low. He's a little, he's a little bit Psalms. He's a little longer. He can stand  He can stand CHAXUSTN There'll bevenue for Gardens So let's get the audio up on it. Happy days. I'm almost in the individual choice of individual preference, but I might remarks this morning or basically connected with the nighttime program. So what do you say at the Saturday night? Summer is my favorite room job. Then as this particular time I can't make a comment on. Well the word of the street right now is there and Summer's going to be the out of a job and a very short time. I was dealing with expected to be automated sometime at the end of August. Live from Valsau, Miami, Miami. I know it. I knew it was for South Florida. So day, what are you going to do at night now? Just kidding. Just kidding. I don't get it. I got hit down. Now what was that? That was Bud Packs and answering it. Now that guy on channel four that reported that he just had on there, that guy needs doggy downers. I mean, have you ever seen him before? He's just jumped around and he's out of his mind this guy. He's just a maniac. Talk about overracting at least 20 years for that guy. But anyway, he's interviewing Buddy but our good close personal friend and new godfather. He's talking about Aaron Summers and he's going to be out of a job. This is a big story. I mean, I wish you all the best in the world and he still got to get up in Orlando. But what you, and now I didn't see the first part of that news story. How long was that thing on George? Like five minutes. It was on for five minutes. I don't know about four or five minutes. It was. It was a long piece. I don't think so. They said you weren't going anywhere though. Buddy, bud did. You want me to tell you the story right now. I don't want to sound self-aggrandizing. Without me, this deal don't happen. I don't want to sound arrogant, egotistical, and self-serving. Without me, they're right, no deal. And that's what my friend bud told me. He said, without you and the dolphins. That's station, forget it. Well, I said something like that. Something about, I don't know what that meant. I think, in the way he said it, as far as your concern, that's what it was. But that's the deal, everybody knows that. And if I go somewhere, they might as well take this thing and just shove it out into the bay. I don't want to sound like Mr. Hot Shot. We got the big numbers there. We got a long, here we got spots up the ass. We got spots in front of our eyes. And if we ever had any goddamn promotion around here, but if I say that, of course, that sounds like I'm ripping the cocks. They'll get up setting the good. All of a sudden, they're very sensitive. How come the last state in the half years or seven and a half, whatever it's been I've been here, they were never so sensitive. Now all of a sudden, they're very sensitive. They don't want to get rid of why not? That sounds like a new deal to me. And it also sounds like that thing is bleeding through one ear again. Whatever pot you got open in there, Mr. Thank you. What? I just turned it up all the way. Well, there's something bleeding in there. What? Well, maybe it's just RF. I know, please get us out of this building, bud. Will you please? This is a toilet. But hey, these are nice people to work for. They're been nice to me. Especially Bob Green. That's why I have nightmares about him every night. We have open lines in Proud. Five, two, four, your laugh. And I'm serious. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, and WODY. Because I always knew that when push came the shove, Bob Green, we're like, you know what I'm saying? It's not a personal thing. It's not a knock. It's just an observation. I've told you that before. We're leaving Bob Green. Bob Green. I'm leaving Bob Green. Buses are in Miami. Oh, walking downstairs. Oh, didn't see Hanks lag a stick in our out. Bob McGrath the handrail. But Gary Greestin good. He won't be silent anybody out. Okay. Oh, feeling pain is tip but going, working in this place. Nothing. Yeah, it was nothing less you're working for free. Oh, bus, you're as robust, you're arm, it's all the same to me. Bus, didn't it? It's good enough for me. It's good enough for me. Bob, I'm going to be a good one. It's 12 past noon at Wild. Yeah, that was a moment to stay when Ed man came into my life. And now he's getting out of it. Oh, we have two open lines at Broward 5249463524Wild. The eggplant's here all while you can. What is it? Oh, it's chicken. Well, everything to it's that alligator. Everything tastes like chicken. But it's a trif. We have an open line at Broward 5249463. I think it's that stuff they imported from Spain. That bull stuff, you know? Hey, at least the bull's got a pair. So anyway, here's a memo from our friends and note a facts from the people of the sports depot. 1847, South Texas, highway in Miami. It says George spelled like with a G. I just got 12 dozen six inch rats with extra long tails. They are also squeakers. They're for free for you and Neil. Oh, you better call Roger. Okay, we get these. We'll give them away on the ear tomorrow. Wouldn't that be nice? How many do you say you got, oh, a 12 dozen. In other words, if we want some, we get them for free. What do you mean by that? He's not going to give us 12 dozen. He's going to give us one of peace. Or as many as we want. Call him up. You got the number there. Can you see the number? Do you have it? Yeah, I got it. Call a guy up there with an ear and see. I mean, he wouldn't just send us one of peace. He says he just got 12 dozen. They are free for you and Neil. That means one of peace. Of course that isn't what it means. No, but I don't think he's going to give us the whole lot. Why not? You know how many rats we sold for this guy? This guy can probably retire before the playoffs. Or were thanks to us. You sell yourself short, George. By the way, how's the water coming? How's the water coming? See, huh? Don't you worry. Don't get your nose into it. It's bad enough. We're going to keep trying to muscle our free water. You just used to stick with the, uh, Moose meat parmesan over there. Whatever you got. So how much of that meeting did you participate? Did you leave after the FM people? Do you stay through the whole thing? I was in the pool. Heading. You were liar. Oh, man. You were liar. Lion jab. Yes, you do. You know everything. You wrote a memo. You wrote a memo. Last Thursday. Yeah. And then like you didn't have any idea what was going on. No. You didn't have any idea. You swear to God. On your gray grandmother's grave. Oh, yeah. Well, that's going back far. Yeah. Exactly. On your great grand, Bobby's grave. Oh, boy. I don't know what to say. I'm still evaluating my own money. You see, the first couple of minutes is Bob Neal is standing up there reading that prepared speech, which is kind of tacky. And he's reading that thing. And I'm thinking, oh my God, I'm getting this gigantic check. I'm getting like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a set. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, I'm being bought out. Because when you assume that? No. You wouldn't assume that with Bud Packs and Binance radio station that he would buy my contract out and give me a big fat check and say have a great life. You Jew bastard and go to Italy and have a good time. Huh? Of course he would. You'd think that. And then he gets to the part about the contracts being a sumerad. Oh, Jesus. You gotta be kidding me. But then it got better from there. It got a lot better. Then it. Okay, so when he, please, and that go ahead, it's a party we're having today. We're trying to make ourselves happy. Because even Buddy Bud said he all looks so sad. He looked like your dog just died. Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pine, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing great, man. I'm getting myself all psyched up for this. I'm not going to take the negative to re-honest stuff. Absolutely not. You shouldn't do that. Hey, I want to go home and look into mirror this afternoon and say. I want to go home and look into mirror this afternoon and say. I want to go home and look into mirror this afternoon and say. I want to start off by thanking you for giving me the hot stuff. You're going to come down here and let you all over. Please, don't. I was absolutely apple-plexed together night when they made it. Three, two. I was jumping screaming on the last time. We made a game out of it, man. I'll tell you. And I'm going to tell you another thing. Stan Savor and at home were there on sports speed and Pittsburgh on KBLS. And at least they gave us credit. He said, finally said, yeah, you got to admit we were lucky to get out of that first period alive. They were all over the first two minutes. They created all the good scoring chances. And they outplayed us badly in the first period. So even that guy up there in Pittsburgh is finally starting to admit we got a real team down here. Damn straight. And it's about time. I was studying all of this bull crap. I had to sort it through. The last time I screamed like that was when the giants went into Super Bowl. Yeah. And hey, did you get a fill yesterday? That was the bills game, right? That's when he missed the field goal. The giants in the bill. He's the bill. No, the bills missed the field goal. What the hell was he doing? That's right. Yeah, come on. Get with it, Mr. Sports. I'm not going to. Scott, nor would he miss the field goal there at the end of the game. The bills choked again. No, it was. Did you get a fill yesterday? Yes. What was he smoking? Are you suggesting that Phil Henry was on some hallucinogenic substance? No, he's going to come back in a little short. Does that answer your question? He, I really turned Phil off. Yeah. But it was ponderous. I mean, I kept putting on. Then I'd go back to him and he kept the heartbeat. And he was totally out of control. I'm going to tell you one thing. He kept that thing thumping for four hours. Most guys can't do that. He'd lose his listeners when he touched that stuff. Well, it was a, it was a, you got to understand it was a very traumatic day here. We were getting ready to be sold. And he was, he's like bought a show with bull crap. Something obvious to do in every day. It was reminiscent of that classical four hour. Right. Exactly. That's what I was thinking. At any time I got in the car and I, you know, tuted back in and he was still doing the same thing. But you got to admit there was some good voice mail stuff in the background though. Absolutely. Anybody who couldn't hear it. Hey, can I stick around for a shirt? He got another rustic car in there by a chance. Oh, and I want to throw those though. God, why don't we, great big blockboss? No, I don't want a big cigar. I want a nice small. What do you want? I told you he was just sucking around. Oh, you've been stuck in a round for a t-shirt from the start of this call. And you were ripping fill Henry for yesterday. Hey, wasn't a bad call, huh? What? Wasn't a bad call? George says he's your daughter. You got his tinkered on his throat. You got the shirt, pal. Hang on. Think. Give the guy a shirt and don't start getting so picky. Okay. That will start giving away our 25 dozen rats. What did the guy say, Ralph? Did you talk to him? Yeah, it doesn't. So what's wrong with that? You were saying along with that? Yeah. I didn't expect 12 dozen rats. You really believe that he's going to give us the whole inventory. He just got in because he's a nice guy. But a dozen. That's not bad. That'll kill a good 45 minutes. See, if you're listening, but this is how we do it over here. Okay, make sure you trade out. You ought to be good at that with that home shopping. That we're trade out a bunch of a lot of good stuff. You know, a lot of bunch of good stuff. I learned to speak like that in Italy. And just bring a bunch of crap over here. And we'll give it away. And we'll have the phones will be sizzling. And we'll have a 19-year. Especially if we get some TV spots. Oops, sorry. I don't want to get a box of shit. Ah, tomorrow is payday. That's right. Cock still is our boss. They made that very clear. They're still in control. They're still in charge. And you guys, you better like tow the line. Baby, until a sale goes through. Because we're going to be watching you like a god damn hawk. Okay? You a better go on air. And you better do the best damn job. And make us some very serious money. And we'd alive spotter to like Kendall Toyota. And George says, yeah, do a good job for them because he likes that damn camera. And you better hope that buddy bug goes along with us deal too. That's right. Well, he knows, listen, he's a king of trade outs. Man, you'll have a house you'll have votes. You'll have a Cadillac, Cadillac, whatever you need, man. He knows how to do it. You'll have a pubic, sir. Konya. It's Memorial Day madness. It's Kendall Toyota. Kendall Toyota's management has gone nuts. They've gone nuts. They've been going there for a long time at Jacobson. When it comes to news, there is no second place. You're either as up vest or you're out of there. Madam of part here are believed by many culture's action, men's but it's a little purpose. None of which have been approved. But because of these police, we bring into the men's money. And a lot of people are going to win one and they're waiting for us. Also, you use Target Entertainment Radio. 610 WIOD. I'm actually a lesbian. That's f***ing bitch. From the makers of the clapper. Now, the slapper. Never worry again about clapping to turn on another light. Just slapper. Yow. Lights on. Oh. Lights off. It's just that easy. Yow. Lights on. Oh, god. Lights off. The slapper. And coming soon. The slugger. Oh. Lights on. Oh. Lights off. The slugger. And the slapper. Available. I have just tasted your slapper. I've just tasted your slapper. 1226 at WIOD. We've got two open lines in Broward 5249463. Oh, god. Thank you. You don't have a cigar. Man, I would kill me. They would pull me right over the edge. And we have two openings under the green lines in Palm Beach. So I take back what I said yesterday. We don't want to be on no FM. Man, it doesn't go anywhere. We want to go all the way up through the Melbourne and a Cocoa Beach and the Viro and down into the keys and all the way to Key West and all those Goiam down there. That's what we want. All the people that don't get diaries and they don't count in our like, you know what I'm saying? All the people that don't even count in the TSA in the book. That's what we want. A lot more of those. Here's, uh, oh, yeah, sure it is. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. What's happening? Not much. Nothing going on here. On Sunday today after the Pentes won that first game at a Pittsburgh series. Yes, sir. I went out and bought me a nice jersey. Spensive won for that, man. Uh-huh. And didn't have like no numbers on it. He and all the people that have it. The same jersey with what's in numbers on it. And I was wondering if there's a place that you could go to that puts letters and numbers on it. Yeah, I would think that any sports shop if they got, you know, if they're worth their Salt, they, uh, they do that stuff. That would go with the territory. Would you think? Would the appropriate colors though? And that's just like black letters or something. You know, like whatever colors it may be. Right. That's what I'm saying to you. Yeah. Like Denise Poth fans sports place or the sports debo or any of those, uh, goiam. That might be cool. Yeah. That's why I called it just to find out. Uh-huh. Okay. You got it. I have a great life. Open line in date County 751 WI would be. We got two on the blue lines in broad. I hear a lot of weepy women calling in here. They say, thank God, you guys are going anywhere. I don't hear all those women out there getting real emotional. I guarantee you one thing. If I would have come on here at 10 o'clock this morning and out there were sell the Staste to Bud Packs and he's going to start playing Ukrainian melodies in Monday morning at six o'clock. I guarantee you they need to be calling in here screaming and carrying on and bitching in morning. But you just have gotten a little bit too cocky for your own good. You just got in two complacent and take us off for granted. That's the thing that really frosts our fat ass. Here's my amy. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh-huh. Yeah. I've got a little song by loose Miguel. I'd like to sing a little bit of that maybe Bud Packs and maybe singing himself soon. Yes. Little farewell song if I'm not mistaken. Uh-huh. It goes something like this. That was beautiful. All I need is the orchestra behind me here and I'll be on the side with O'Neighbys and Oregon man and you got it made. You got it, lift. Take care. Okay, nice job, pal. I asked the K-Old Metus. We have his matter of fact out that Bud Packs and it's going to be but I wouldn't be surprised if we ever loathe sitting right here at least one day a week, you know, a little musical accompanied me alive in the studio. It's going to be the big time, okay. No more this nickel and diamond us to that. It's going to be the big time. It's going to be the big time. Okay. I know. You know, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I'm going to do something to get out of the table. I mean, it's going to be the big time we'll fly in and at private packs and jet. We're going to start doing some heavy duty things. Come September in the main time. We'll just fumble our way along, okay. But we'll do a good job because God only knows we need to check. I'm seeing weed as an all of us. Here's a lady in Cooper city, hello. Hi Neil. Hi. This is Debbie. Hi Debbie. I'm busy. You know what? You know what? What do you mean? person and ask for it for free. Okay, go ahead. But you know that stuff, what do you laugh at about when this is the way you get through life, you're free load your way I learned it from the audience. You know that's pretty stuff for your glasses because you're the classes are so great. The reflection free glasses, these are the best classes ever had my life. The only problem being that they get schmutzie really easy as you know. Did they stay together, the screws didn't come apart? Of course they stayed together. Very good. Thank you so many some kind of inferior goods. I'm looking at it right now. I'm telling you one thing, you've never seen the screws this tight. Well we made sure we put lock title on that. Yeah, even Aaron's never seen anything screwed so tight. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you I read about the Pac-Man and the Harold's of the ring. And Barry Jackson was right. How do you like that? That little fat pot. See finally got one right. Right. And I never listened to Am talk radio ever before until you were on it. I'll follow you if you got FM wherever you got. We're not going anywhere. How do you like that? Okay. Well that's right. We're staying here with then the fact the good news for you is that in about eight months when we're in our new packs and building up there, we're going to be on a 441 right by sky and that is it's Sky Lake or is it I want to say Miami Gardens Drive in that area. Well it's the same difference. Oh that's great. And I think that's not really awful far from you really. No, very, very close. Like a few minutes. Yeah, that's great. We're quite good. Then we can come in here. Get a lot of that free stuff all the time. Well I got some other stuff. One of my customers call me this week and they told me that they were listening to you and you were saying how you needed to looking for Panther like memorabilia and stuff. And what we did is in the part of the optical we had some extra square footage and we now we have sports memorabilia too. Really? So we have a lot of panthers stuff and what I'd like to do and honor the panthers doing well is donate an 8 by 10 plaque for one of your listeners that you can raffle off for some whatever you want to do. And I can bring it by. And they have a lot of fun being for oh yeah, Jeff told me to tell you it's of John Bans. Oh yeah that helps. It's an 8 by 10 plaque and it's got the picture away. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, sure in his name. It's autographed. I'm not sure I'd have the F Jeff. Oh, I ask him. Jeff? Jeff is an autographed. Huh? What do you say? Some way he's listening in the car because we can't listen. Always in the car. Well I don't want to bug you about that. I don't want to start like that. I have a sign. They yelled yes. All right. Signs? Yeah, all right. Okay. So it's sign. You also sign many helmets and panthers sticks. Panther, hockey sticks sign by all the players. Great. Well, tell everybody where you are, Debbie. Okay. I work Cooper City's Sterling of Flamingo Countryside Shop. Right by publics. Right. Also for that land. Look at that Nick and Sharon. Our Nick is a J. Bird. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm not going to ask. So last guy who called who wants to know where those numbers could be put on in the public like small at authentic. He could see George Youte, you know, who he is? No, I sure don't. He owns the. Hey, listen, let's give everybody a free plug. It's kind of a day man. We're having big radio transaction. Let's give everybody a free plug. What's the shirt? What's the shirt? I heard someone asking for a shirt. It's so they're all gone. It's a ratchet. Are we got one left? Oh, so I can't get a shirt. Oh, of course we're going to give you a shirt if you give it a set. Tackle when it dowel swapping out. Okay. Now how are we going to do this? Because I got to have my icebrit stuff. That's the most important. Well, I'll bring you the ice stuff in the plaque. How's that? When? I don't want to get push you, but tomorrow would be good. That's fine. I'm lost tomorrow. Great. Okay. And we'll have the shirt here waiting for you. Perfect. Okay, Debbie. Thanks. Okay. You're the best. Thank you. You too. Okay. We have two open lines in date. Well, I'm telling you, just you watch over these next four months. I'm going to get a stash of stuff put away with about 30, 40 million and they can take this whole place and it can jam it. Just like next to and right there on the young and horny right now, looks like they're jamming it. 751, are they just got you with that? 751, WI did. We got to open line in the green line. 1 8194-4-9463. Haven't I told you guys out there for 20 years? This is the worst business in a history of the human race. Don't ever ever even think about getting this business. It is a doggy dog. You're treated like a number on a piece of paper. That's all. You're just a means to an end for a bunch of grave robbers. And they use you and they abuse you and they like you like a wet sponge man. And I don't care how much you're making. It's still the mental stress, the chaos. I'd rather be working for three and a half bucks an hour. Hard physical labor. 40 hours a week. And if you believe that boy, you're the biggest smuck that ever came down the face of the earth. That's right. Sit here on your ass and open up a big fat mouth for hours every day and every Thursday. Get a giant check like that. You're damn right. It ain't so bad. Although it could be a lot more. Two open lines in date. 7519463 751 Wiod. It's 1235 at Wiod AM. Not FM, which is past say, but AM, which is where it's at. I was proud in a carbon fiber tub in the cars. Rock it into US 500. This weekend in Michigan, the man's ready to answer. Fiddle quality. It's the guys with fast cars and turned on home Santa. Back for more open wheels of open wheel action. Sunday at 132 L. I. The US 500 only on news talking in entertainment radio. 16 W. I. No, say it albanjo or aliqueda amirelo. All right ladies, gather round the man's ready on the count of three. One, two, three. On the grassy court at when we're done to the bars where we all play. We are angry dice. Who battle those who are anti-gay. Okay. Sure here we go. Well, we're talking about women. Our all-humming. Our battle. Resarful. We make our choices fairly as to who will push or pull. Yeah, but. And we say to you, we pull against some shirts went to much stars. Oh, gather soon in Washington for the million 12 more. Excuse me, soldier. Are you from Rotor, or just happy to say me? 1240 a W. I. D. Don't forget the best of pat at six o'clock tonight. We have two upper lines in date, seven, five one. I don't care what anybody says, including way. And that was a funny movie. Okay. I don't care what you say when he pulled a panana, a panana out of his abance. That was some pretty funny crap. He says he didn't see it. Oh, you didn't even see it. And you were giving me a bunch of crap the other day. How do you like that? Didn't even see it's pat. What's I don't think that was the name of it. But it was great. It was great. And I do mean it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, god. Yeah. Yeah. Nationally. We're getting some good panters stuff nationally. John Schlaunders on the STN. That guy that sounds like Gogi Bear. Yes. He says that the penguins are coming down to the rat. Nice. Uh-huh. So they're calling it the rat. That's what you think. Great. Okay. We have two upper lines in date, seven, five, one, nine, four, six, three. And one in Broward, five, two, four, Wild, D, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Here's Papa O' on a purple line. Hello. Danielle, um, listening to Steve Kain and Pete Boljitz. They talking about you. Who? Peter Boljer? Yeah. And Steve Kain around 930 AM. Yes, Steve Kain was on here as a matter of fact, they called it on the show around 910, uh, whatever was. Yeah. I remember around 11 o'clock, but um, they were talking about you and Pete Boljitz and comments like, yeah, some of the greatest moments with you in radio. Yeah. When you worked with them. Zayda, right. Is actually, and Steve Kain mentioned that you are going to be going to an FM station and that Wild is becoming sports intensive. And that's going to be a sports station doing competition with WQAM. Really? And there were really intense. It was a lot of conversation about you. And uh, so when you were this good turnout to be fantastic, in other words, once this deal goes true, by then the sheet thing will be through the FCC and buddy, but will officially own sheet. Of course, I'm just speculating, I don't know. And then he might put us because somebody mentioned this earlier, put us all over there on FM and then take IOD and make it in all sports and not QAM right out of the water. Yeah, they have a game plan and everything, even though they're not really devolving is, I mean, they gave some, oh, that information that's really beneficial to you. Great. I mean, it's almost the same thing as Colorado playing Detroit. It's a total level answer on Detroit. I love it. I mean, and can you see the pants is playing Colorado in this daily cup? Why not? I'm saying one of the media, the media people have anervous breakdown. Oh, boy, and it serves them right. Okay. It serves them right for not giving us to build up that we deserve. How about the goal tenning? Who's better? At this point in time, Patrick, what? I'm going to tell you something. Patrick, what? Couldn't lick the beavers ass. Okay. Patrick, what? Did you watch the game last night? Yes, I did. Did you see that Fony routine he went through when it allegedly was injured so bad? He starts flopping around like an injured well. And the crowd is carrying on like, he's the biggest Fony man. Patrick, what? Oh, my god, look at this guy. This is that hyperventilating guy from Channel 4 that you want to know. See you I told you talking about me. No, seriously, tell us, God, to come down. You'll never, I don't know how old you are, pal, but you'll never make it another six months. If you don't come down just a little bit, come down to give me a doggy downer. I'm worried about you, man. He's out there in the Everglades. He's hopping around to God damn ground is giving and he's hopping around so much. Like a Mexican jumping being one more thing. You're listening. Okay. We're now. What I just said though, yeah, Patrick Warn. But I want to tell you this. What he is most famous for is taking an ordinary save and making it look great. In other words, he is a showboat. He's a hot dog and he'll take an ordinary glove of save and all of a sudden he'll throw that glove up in the air and he'll juggle it and grab it again and take just the most routine save and make himself look good. I will grant you last night he played extremely well. Okay. But over the entire playoffs, the bezere is so much better. No contest. I know, but do you know what they say about a hot goal 10, coming into the playoffs? Yeah. Basically Stanley Cup. Well, how hot can the bezere? How much hotter can he get? Oh, no, John fun fire. There's no doubt. And John's one of the greatest. That's a welcome. He is smoking right now. And now changing subjects. I mean, even though we talked about you in the pants, which is number one and two and three. So it is number three. Hopping a park. Yeah. Are they going to be open for Simon Casting when they're closed? No. Okay. Because you're totally alert. Lord of the old, which is unfortunate, because in other states, they're open every day of the week, even on the dark day. Exactly. Because highly is going to be open on the dark days. Highly is closing on Wednesday today. Yeah. They're going to be open for Simon Casting when called the result. How can they do that? Because they're taking the signal from call to their range. Why see? It is actually in what's going to happen is they're going to have full call call to whatever call to take. Highly is going to have it's going to be like a big off track betting facility. But why would anybody go to highly? Because it's close in proximity to where they live and they feel like some of the worst people from this, you know, because highly, I noticed that highly around the daily attendance out about 25 hundred here at the end of the meeting, I've never seen anything like this in my life. Yeah. Thurbered racing, 2500 people a day. Is that like single lakes or even Tampa? Irmolable. Okay, pal. And Neil, listen, congratulations. Thanks. Bye, bye. See you. Yes, some good stuff is going on. We see we don't know all the details yet. We don't all the details or the radtails, but I have a feeling that these people they weren't born yesterday. They've got some guts. They've got some creativity. They've got 80 billion stations that they got their clams on. And as a result, they're going to be something happen for us. You know what? I just have a feeling this guy's right. We better get Pete Bolger on the phone to divulge all the inside information and get his ass fired. He's okay that Pete Bolger. We had, you know, we had a couple of bad moments, but I don't think there was a fall that was there. They can do whatever they want. And spite of what they did to Barbara Sloan. They can do whatever they want because my good friend, who do I have over there? That's a friend. Do I know anybody left the channel for? Seriously, do we know anybody left it while Dr. Steve? But he's busy doing his, you know, fieldwork. Who else? Oh, Brian, or cross? And tell him to calm down too. Will you please my God? We get a like a little bit of a pish law over there. It's raining for about an hour and a half. And this guy is carrying out. We got a tropical wave. He's going nuts over there. He is on your station, right? I can't keep track it for in six, six and four. It's all the same except you don't have the guy with a big happiness to you. Thank God. So anyway, it's 1246 in WIOD. You guys can just shoot away and we're still here. We're not going anywhere. We love Bud Paxon. I have a big blow up dollar him at home and I'm good at what he want. We're here to make a living. Okay? We're not here to be amusing. We're not here to be entertaining. We're here to do a lot of spots and to make a buck and to fake our way through life. Okay? And I'm the only one in the business who's honest enough to tell you that. I do the best I can some days it's great. In fact, most days out of the circumstances, it's pretty God damn great. And some days it sucks. Okay? I'll also be the first to tell you that. Like yesterday, you know, George had a good point for once in his life before the show at the yesterday. He said, are we really doing a show? We just go through the motions to get on until tomorrow morning. And I said, yes. Oh, my God. And then, of course, this morning finally came and that was really some kind of a scene. That's where you guys should have had a cameras. Oh, man, you should have had your cameras blinking and winking in there. In fact, it looked like Mary Olemue and Pittsburgh the other night. Everybody was making a mad dash for Locker Room. They all had the Green Apple Quick Step. It was unbelievable. 1247 at WIOD. There's... 10-U into a coin. So Henry and who's the afternoon person in the film will be moving to another market. Tax and now owns eight stations in South Florida. In downtown Miami, Elliott Cohen, Winsnews. News talk at Entertainment Radio, 16-W-I-O-D. Folks, I'd like to see the song about the American history. About me, about you. About the way our American hearts be laid down in the bottom of our chest. About that special feeling we get in the cockles for our household. In the bowl of the packers, maybe in the subcont area, maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys, maybe even in the corner. We don't even know. The odd is to regulate your joy with a regular job. I'll be a ravorish white, superb and nice. I like football and corner. What's about you? I got an average. Okay, I guess we can cut that off George. We played enough of that to kill some time. That was bad because a lot of people like that, but you know how many times can you play that then thing you don't want to say and how many times can you say asshole on you without any fox calling it. So anyway, here's the West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi Neil, hi Don. I'm doing great. Good. I'm doing. I'm doing wonderful. Just waiting for Friday night. Yeah. Yeah. I called you the other day about the CBC. Right. The satellite. Yeah. I couldn't find it on what satellite was the ink. Ink. Yeah. Ink. What? Hank. Hank. It's the Hank satellite. The Wimp. A and I K. Anic. Anic. There's only one of them that works now. Anyway, the other one is out of commission. The new anic. Do you use your satellite dish or is it like a decoration in the backyard? Well, seriously, how could you be a hockey fan? But I don't you that we don't go to. How could you be a hockey fan and not watch hockey night in Canada, or any of the other great hockey stuff they got on the anic whatever it is. I'm telling you and you still have a fun watch it doesn't mean I have to listen to it. You know how to program your satellite. You know how to find something on your dish or like yeah. Like we do. Okay. Yeah. So you have a menu and it shows you all the different satellites. Correct. It's got to be programmed either E2 or A2 or something like that. Well, that's what our session is. A2. Did you try to find it? Did you go to it? Yeah. What did you find? I couldn't find it in the in the TV guide either. It doesn't have CBC. Forget about the TV guide because the CBC moved on to this satellite when the old one went down. Don't you go like flip around the channels or is that like pressing your little bit too much? Sometimes. Yeah. It's a press in yeah. It's it's I'm like four different transponders on your plus it's on the right French on channel 11. Okay. So it's on five transponders on the right. And this guy can't find it. You need to help him hand you better call a Bob Dolpal. Well, listen, I want to do some for you. Yeah. I'm waiting. I'm listening. I'm putting my breath. I'm hanging on to it. I'm a sign painter and I want to do you a nice sign for you. So you can hold it up on TV. Yeah. What's the good? Yeah. Whatever you want. I could put the panthers logo on there. I could put a How about one that says Bud packs in God? I'm serious. I'm serious man. Hey, listen, nothing wrong with sucking up. It's never too late to start. I never been big into that. At least not that kind. But it's never too late to start. Would you like one? I love it. Is there anything special you want to do? Just put a stew bar in God or something like that. They would be good. Okay. Okay. I'll do it tonight. Drop it off to the station. That would be stupidness. Okay. And in a late listen, when you do me a favor. Yeah. Between now and Friday, get yourself some practice. And no, seriously, find that Canadian. I've also got some bad news for you. But the CBC technicians are, and I'm not making this up. Just coincidentally because of you, they're ready to go on strike at midnight tomorrow. This is the MS. This is the truth. So there might not be any CBC owner by the time you find it. See you better start looking now. Okay. Is it okay if I still watch it? Yeah, good luck to you. Oh, God. Where do these people come from? Like I said, I've changed my comments for other TV people. Oh, get me out of here. We have an open line in date 7519463 75111 and Broward 524. This guy couldn't find anic with a guy named Compass in a road map. Here's a North Miami. Hello. Any deal? Yes, sir. How's it going? Great. Yeah, I'll be down there Friday and I'm working for the CBC. So if there's any kind of requested, you know, I can fall still for you. Now can you tell me anything about this in pending strike? No, I mean, I, you know, I'm free I have to use we work for sunshine, but I'll be working for the CBC. So how is that going to affect this union? Because they got one separate union and Quebec, the frog union in there and at those, that's not included in this, but the all arrested the country, they're ready to go on strike all the technicians and the doosh bag people at work on the side as of midnight Thursday. Well, I'm here on T, they must be peeing in their pants because of all the times in the year for the CBC to go out on strike right in the middle of the Stanley Cup playoffs. That's the only time they make any money on sports. Right. Listen, I got a quick song there. I wanted to see T as everybody should know this tune. It goes, hey, we've got the Florida Panthers. The greatest hockey team they speak the trucks from net to net like no ones ever seen. Don't check you hard into the boards. You'll fall and won't get up. These guys are on a mission. They're going for the cup. Yeah, we're the Florida Panthers. Florida Panthers. Florida Panther hockey fans. Yeah, we're the Florida Panthers. But the Florida Panthers for the Panther 7th man. All right. Are you like that? Great song. horrendous reading, but a great song. Well, maybe we should have gotten the high thing. I got to put card up to everybody and they're, you know, seeing it at the game. I like it. Well, thanks, Pawn. I'm called John Shannon from the CBC when you see him do a butcher up, would you? Tell me you're with the program. Okay, I'm maybe I get you down there if you want to get down there. Remorers going to take me over and meet that slime ball. One of the things it's not a good idea to play that great song there before the game because the penguins might be upset too bad is what I say. Exactly. Well, my name's Pablo and maybe I'll see you down there. Okay, Bobo. Okay. See you. Good name. We have two open lines in dates. 7 519463 751 WIOD and one on the blue line in Broward 524. Here is North Miami gone. What do we just do that? Seems like it does he rule all over again. Here's Pablo. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay. Um, just want to put something you touched on before pottery. Uh, Ron deserves an Oscar. I'm right. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever. He's taking a frog. Man, he puts on an act this guy has been doing it for years and he goes belly flopping. He's a waving his legs around and carry it out like the world is coming to it. Yeah, he didn't even have a hang nail. And you notice how fast all of a sudden he got up? Yeah. Yeah. Not only that. He said, I haven't won that. They're, they throw a hot around the net and everything like that. So he cool them down. Right. And you know, notice also how is equipment is always falling apart. Yesterday he got a snow cone in his neck and that had to kill about two minutes to stop the game. Yeah. And the first game the other day, he's like two or three times in a game. His mask is falling apart. And they got to fix the helmet. They got to get six guys with a screwdriver over there. That should that should be a trivia question. How many Canadians? How many frogs does it take to fix Patrick was mask? Yep. The more she has serious going, the choice would one game. That's too much. That'll be a surprise. And I got it for straight. And third thing, Colorado. Yep. It looks like it. Yep. And what? And I want to tell you something about the avalanche. A lot of people sell I'm sure if a man they got a lot of great players on that team. They got a lot of players on that team. And that big ugly man, uh, Klolly Me, what an ugly man. hate him. I cannot stand him. He makes me physically ill. Well, then we'll get him. Um, I got a party Sunday. I need you to do me a favor for the game. I want to play a song. Can you play a song that they are playing off of rock and roll song? I play out for the one of the black hours. The one? Yeah, play a song. They're hockey player songs. Which one? The, uh, not the Saturday night. They are the other one. The CBC promo. The CBC promo. The chance may never come again. Beautiful. You got it. Thank you. Have a great day, pal. Bye. See ya. Okay. We're getting a little enthusiasm built back up. We'll get over the sale of the station. Thing and by Friday we'll be back on the important stuff which is the Panthers, which by the way, I don't want to say that Rimmer let us down with Mike Langlos time. But he did. And it's one of those things. You know, you go to the well too often and guys who come through in a past. They just, you know, fall a little bit short of the mark. And, uh, you know, we're going to have to start arranging our own guests. You know, we're also do better lunches. Thanks, guys. Good guys in air from Channel 4 coming in here. Ask him to be questions about things that I thought were supposed to be top secret. See that puts me in a very precarious position because we have a meeting this morning. And everybody's saying, Oh, this is top secret and don't let the cat out of the bag. And it may time these guys walk in here and each one of them is holding a cat. The radio station weren't shimmery. It's the official language WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. You was talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. So now depending on which station you're listening to. Do you know what? What do you mean? Well, evidently WINZ, a pack of stations going on here in broadcasting all sorts of things about this transaction today that we were sworn to secrecy about. They're not supposed to be common knowledge and also buddy Bud says he's offended by some of the language he hears on WIOD. What language? Exactly. It's the one to two. I'm sorry. So anyway, it's one of seven in WIOD. Hope that got there on tape. I hope he has a good time with it. I hope I go home and blow my brains out is what I hope. Two open lines in day 7509463. See, you know, it's very interesting as usual a talent. We're the ones that are put on a hotspot because the audience out there, they don't hear the the meetings. Unfortunately, I wish you could. But they don't hear the management people, they hot shots in the suits, the owners, the big billionaires. They don't hear any of that stuff. So we're the ones who are really we got our feet to the and you sit down with people and you say, okay, give me an idea before I go in here at 10 o'clock. How you want to present this? What do you want to say? It's set of runs so on. And then you come to find out all the things that are not supposed to be common knowledge that are supposed to be kept under the table. Now all of a sudden, they're like on the air, but other stations in the market. Wouldn't you think that when two companies of this magnitude make a transaction, there'd be some kind of an understanding, either implicit or in writing, that some of these said same things would be like a onset. You would think so. But hey, I'm just here, man, I'm just doing my thing. We'll roll it along, sing in the song. We'll have those rats to give away from our friends to Marble. I've a dozen of those. And we'll just do the best we can. Here's a mobile in plantation. Hello. Oh, good meal. Yes, sir. God, I just kissed the cup. Do you just kissed it, huh? They have the, uh, stailing cup of G.C. Penny in the R.R. Ball. I thought it was going to be two to seven. Well, well, it was, Ashley's supposed to be 12 to five. Yeah, I'm going to cup got there at about 1245. They were late in there. They're going to be there in full five o'clock. Okay. But it's pretty cool. Maybe tomorrow it's two to seven and have been true of the J.C. Penny. It could be. Yeah, but there's more security around that cup than their president Clinton. They're better be, especially in this town. But it was funny to see the crowd because you have these old ladies with their pants and shirts and jackets and hats, right unbelievable. Yeah, real. They're all on the bad wagon now, man. They're all kissing it. And then not to be discriminatory, but to get through black guys, they come walking through them all. Hey, man, anybody got tickets. Oh, yeah, there you go. Three mile away home. It's pretty cool. Okay. Bye. See you. We have an open line at Broward 5249 463524, but it's good to see their all. Neely is over there at W.Y. and Z. That's good. That's good. My good friend Laurie Shepherd and Mike Wolfe and who did I leave out? There must be some people still live over there. Boy, there's a lot of dead people from that building. Man. Just Jennifer and I, uh, we just recumbed what do we kind of up to about 172 dead people just in about five seconds there in that last hour? Man, a lot of people didn't make it through that place. So evidently, those people over there on the other side of this deal, they're getting a lot more straight in for me. You know, what's going on? And we're over here, like, what do we do? What do we do? What do we say? What do we say? What are we, you know, they're all talking about? Yeah, that's what we're getting. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Okay. I can't please us, caught you on guard. What is that? Do you have a, do you have an inkling? What was there happen when you walked into it? No. I can't. That's amazing. Well, I mean, there are so many rumors going around. It's like column A through C or D. You knew it was one of several different options, but uh, who's our general mangleer Bob Green. He's going to be leaving you said it, obviously. Well, he's not going to be involved with this station, right? So maybe ready to come back? I don't that. I thought that I thought there was only thing hanging her up and coming back. No. That's what she's saying up here. I wouldn't hold my breath. Okay. Uh, hopefully go over it. I'm a sound like better. I was down to path of practice today. Yeah. Couldn't find a parking spot. Great. Because these are downers, like two people right down there. Yeah. But when you're on vacation, Italy, I was up in Georgia near Atlanta. I hope they never ever, ever give another team in Atlanta. They didn't say one thing about hockey the whole time. I know I had a couple of people tell me that they said that they were up there. In fact, Dennis are good hockey friend who moved to Atlanta with his girlfriend. He said that, you know, since he's been up there other than that bogus team, they got up there the night or whatever they are. There's not a stink, a stink on board about to Stanley Cup or the Panthers or anything. There wasn't anything. Newspapers don't talk about it. Yeah. None of the TV stations. Nothing. Hey, Remor is doing Bobcat's game. Those last night is watching replay of it. The sound like he has to hold his nose the whole time he's doing it. I think that's a commentary about the arena football. Anyway, he does a good job. But at least he just couldn't wait to get the heck out of there. But why would you blame him? No. He's missing. He's missing a Panthers beating the penguins five to one and he's stuck there doing arena football. Yeah, but you know, we own the, uh, the, uh, Bobcat's buddy bud. That's our buddy. Okay, pal. Have a great day. He owns everything this guy. Everything. He'll be buying a floor is out pretty soon so we can get cheaper food and we get it for free all red but got it but. And that, uh, in fact, but is not what, uh, what's her name on a guiding light. She calls the Joshua. Why does she call him but I always wondered that. Reva. Reva parshane. Hey, that show is getting kind of interesting again because the din is getting poisoned boy and if anybody deserves it. 12 minutes after one at WIO D. He's in general. We're flying it and out to two to three feet. That mark kill that. I better not feel Henry. Two to six DM on news. Talk entertainment radio. Six 10 WIO. Okay, that's our new format. A little preview there for that should be good for two and a half share. Be to hell out of the light bulb. Oh, sorry guys. We love the light bulb. We love high N.C. We love love 94. We love that Bobcat arena football team. Who else do we love real quick? We love she. We love, uh, what's his name in the morning over there? We love Mitch Lewis. Well, we love him before. Okay. Because he left us. He didn't leave us with the much but he left us with his break-home. So anyway, who else did they got? They got, uh, I must have left two or three, uh, the light bulb and then there's that other station we never heard of. WACC or WACO or whatever it is. Oh, somebody, uh, what is that? What about that? They said it's mostly talk with some religious oriented talk. Well, we're on the English and a sponial. Oh, they didn't say that. I never heard of it. It's not what used to be MBM and S. B. Uh, so be, uh, whatever is it. I don't know. I mean, you got all these little, uh, nickel and dime stations all over the place. I say just, uh, you know, give them a rest. We have an open line at day 7519463 751 WIOD. This is the home of the Miami Dolphin. Oh, okay. Let's go to a Cooper city. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, when not if the answers play the have a lunch. What determines who has it? Yeah, it's a quite, it's not a question of, uh, if it's a question of when. That's a very good point. Well said, he's a Bob Green couldn't have done a better one. Boogie, uh, or how is it determined who has first home-like advantage? You know, something that's a very interesting question. We were mulling that over at the arena the last, uh, Philadelphia again. There were a bunch of us were having a discussion about that. And I do believe that the alternate the years, one year the Eastern Conference has the home, uh, you know, advantage in the next years, the West. And I'm pretty damn sure that last year, um, would Detroit had home advantage against New Jersey. No, the Panthers would have it. So I do believe the Panthers would have home ice regardless of the record, which needless to say Colorado's got a better one. But I think they do it on an alternating basis. I believe I could be wrong, but I don't think so. Somebody will tell us somebody really knows for sure. Good. Like default. Okay. Thanks. Oh, Panther. Have a great day. Yeah, somebody who really knows about that. But I just, I, I pretty, it's kind of like the world's serious, you know. We have an open line in date, 7519463. We got an open line in Broward, 524, WOD. And, you know, evidently they're not not a lot of people listening to I and Z thank God. Oh, thank God for that. Because I don't want to have to be the one who confronts this other stuff when it comes down, which it ain't going to be all that long. You don't want to say it. And what do we do then? What do we do then? All right. Did you, uh, huh? I would be like to ask you that question. What do we do then? What we're going to front of with all that stuff that's being blabbered around? I don't know. Okay. Here's a lady in the Gable. Hello. Hello. The lady in the Gables is gone. Okay. See, that disturbs me tremendously. What? Oh, we got the answer to the ticket thing online. Oh, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I got set online three. Oh, online three. Hang on. Would you get with it there, Mr. I'm going to come in here and stick that cigar in your nose. Hello. Right. Neil. John Fimer here. Do you need any of your seats? Oh, don't tell me we just lost him, too. Is he gone? Oh, would you listen? If you people would you call mobile one for crying allow, but you're going to get yourself a decent cell phone, too. Did I get my season? I got my hockey tickets. If that's what you're asking, what the other thing is, is that's going to have no idea. Oh, and you know something else by the way that I'm just thinking about here as part of this deal. What's going to happen with those hockey tickets? Yeah, that's part of my deal with Cox on which there'll be a long gone. There'll be out of the picture. Come October. What's going to be happening with my season tickets for the Panthers? Which if I have to pay for myself, that's okay, too. Because I bought an extra pair this year. Oh, my God. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, doing Neil. Okay. Hey, Eastern Conference on my is this year. That's what I said. Do you demand the alternate, right? Do you demand your sir last year? That was one at that home game force. We have the wings right. And the wings can swept this year to a tight. Oh, boy. They're brutal. Okay. Thanks, Pat. I have to go and you see, see, I was right for once in my life. They alternate just like the World Series. One year it's in the National League thing. One year it's an American League. One year they do the D. H. One year they don't. At Center and so on. Of course, one year they do the D. H. And you're American League home games, right? Isn't that the way they do it? Who cares about baseball? Give me a break, even though the Marlins win basically every day. They're still ain't nobody that cares. And so the latest deal is Buddy Bud was referring to the sex show there at night, which I think she's in a lot of trouble is what that's all about. I think she's going to be history. Which quite frankly, I think she was going to be history. But I don't know. I wish you the best. Okay. She's a nice person. She's okay. She never stole a freight train. She came in. She worked her ass off. So to speak. And, you know, there can be no question. There might be a few changes here in Arizona as far as the other one that I was asked about before. We're sex and children from predators and we're there to let you know. The Catholic sex offender registry of convicted discellent, sexual predators and that the parents in a community and long forcemen have the right to know that these individual have moved into the community. You're talking entertainment 610. W-I-O-D. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippo-pollumous. Uh-uh. So anyway, it's a 126-a-W-I-D. So what about that guy that's castred over sidekick? What the hell is his name, Amaleth? And what did he put on the ice? Yes! Oh! Oh! Okay, we have to open it. But what? But? Oh, but. Oh, he didn't put his ass on the ice. He put his big fat. Here's a mobile-in-4-laterdale, hello. There was ever a fan chest of managed to just play. Yeah. Was that them together? Uh-huh. The Panthers do not have home ice. We got our season tickets. They only give you three games. If they make it to the... of that means there's no force game here. And I just called the Panthers. How can that be? Well, that's how it is. I just called the Panthers also. And they said we do not have home ice either the West Conference though. Maybe they do go by points then because Colorado had a lot more points than we did. Yeah, why? I'm not sure how they do it in hockey, but there's no doubt that the West has home ice. They made it. See, I never even looked at that because I'm busy looking at my, you know, JK and whatever these other ones are for this round. But after we choose to rip the Pittsburgh and we went to in Colorado, we come back here and sweep them and it's over. Sounds good to me. It's a plan. Sounds acceptable. Okay. Okay, thanks for the chance. Yeah. We have an open line in date. 751 will welcome the guy that called before him was like so absolutely positive. I mean, he could have been a full of crap because people were full of crap always calling our very positive two and like they know what they're talking about and very often they don't. 751 Wiod. There's an open line in date. There's one in powered. Five, two, four Wiod. D. There's one on the green line. There's like a whole bunch on the green line. 1,800, 9,44. Here's the lady in Coral Gables. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. Good. I'm a long time listener for a time caller. Uh-huh. And I just wanted to know, I have a friend who told me that he heard you one day saying that you know where the panthers like celebrate after their games and no, I did not say that at all or was somebody you called in on the earis that it was some joined up in Boko which I forget the name of it. Oh, so you don't happen to know. No. Okay. Nice Neil. Somebody will call in. Let you know. Okay, come in. Some yentas. Some jocs. There for a call in. Or maybe a Julio. There you go. All right. Two open lines in date. 751, 9,46, 3. We got one in powered. We got two on the green lines. We're coming to a screeching. Hold here this afternoon. You can just, you can almost smell of can't you? Here's a pop-in-o. Hello, listen, I should still be hanging under Joey Reynolds' coat tails. At least you paid attention to Joey Reynolds' part. Riley, it's Lori Shepherd in Ark. Riley. How'd you got a shirt memory? Art Riley. Yeah. What are you talking about? What do you mean what am I talking about? I'm doing news from the Woodlory Shepherd. Who the hell is it? Who the hell is Art Riley? Oh, thanks. I know you. No, I used to be where you used to comment about when I was the Joey. What did you do with Joey? Oh, you weren't the guy. You weren't that smucked. I did the weather thing from the beach. I thought, no way. You're dead. No, I'm not dead. I'm doing news in Lori Shepherd for God's sake. You're the guy that was on before Joey and before Joey came in. Oh, my God. I thought, no way. You're dead. I thought you were dead. No, I'm not dead. I'm doing news in Lori Shepherd for God's sake. You're the guy that was on before Joey in the morning on. I'm doing a new guy's sake. There you go. We'll be shutting up a second. No, you're not. Then you got sick and then Joey came in and you never came back. One of those deals. I was right. I went to the hospital. I was supposed to die. I didn't die and then I'm doing news on the, I didn't see him the morning. How do you like that? Michael, Lori Shepherd. It's not Riley or I'm not talking about. I'm not talking about who's doing the news together. I'm talking about the people that I used to work with over there who are still there. Oh, they're still there. And you know, I don't know. Did you work with Bob Sandler for Christ? Never heard of him. Oh, well, he's seen the good while he was. You'd love him. But anyway, I worked with Jim Harper. I bet he's not there anymore. No, no. He's pulled up a push it up Daisy and Orlando Owls are Gary. Yeah. Who they brought from WACC, which is actually just a mirror of winds and Spanish all day long. Who is that one is? I mean, when CBS America and they got two anchors. I can see why Joey pushed you out. You just don't tell me up for a second. I believe that Joey's on 70 radio station. Yeah. And who's listening? On West Palm. What is it? Whatever. Yeah. And Stan Major's on 400 stations. But he can't pick any of them up. But anyway, I just wanted to remind you, who was on in the morning with Shepherd? That's all. We have Rick and Suts out in the morning. We're not interested in INZ and you're 25 sure whatever you got. I understand. And like I said, if buddy Bud can be making money with that turkey, you guys got. He ought to make a fortune here. And I don't know. But kiss about hockey, but I have a Panthers will wish. All right. Say hi to all my pizons. I will. See you. Who was that? Yes. The Panthers hang out at Gatsby's on 18th Street. That's the one. I'm sure everybody knows about that. Yeah, Gatsby's up there in Boker, right? And I'm sure they'll be moving along to somewhere else because they don't want to be Bud. They want to have a good time. Okay. They're very gracious. They're very given to their time. They're autographs. They smile. They give shake your hand. But if you want them to shake. But you know, after the game at night, leave the guys alone and stop being such a Pest up invading their goddamn lives. Will ya? That's what Jodi's wife said. Leave Malone already. Quit touching. Here's sunrise on a purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know if you listen to when you watch the hockey games on your satellite. Yeah. Do you guys get the same announces that we get on the ESPN? No, we sure do not. Did you guys hear that race ever had along with thick and anti-tell after you've bought that shot from the meal? Yeah, he does. Oh. They measured it. Yeah. We have two open lines in dates. 7, 5, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3. We got an open line on a purple line. Mobile 1 cell, 18, T, wireless, pound, I, O, D. We got two open lines. We got one. We got problems here is what we got. We got some very, very majors serious problems, which only at this moment are starting to rear their ugly head. And thank God, it's already 131 plus 40 seconds in a afternoon. And I'm going to be getting my ass out of here very quickly today. And all of a sudden, I'm developing a severe migraine. All of them are always payday. It's Thursday. I'll be in at least briefly. Anyhow. Oh, brother. Here's my, me. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm truck driver in Miami. Yes. Which I don't know what big deal. But I, I, I, I, I call it thank you for turning me on the two good things. Yeah. First I was in Vegas on another, the first, the Panther playoff game. Mm-hmm. At the Luxor. Yeah. There's three things, you know. And everything I called you, I thought it was funny the day about what I got there. On the south end, where you get off the taxi. A guy climbed all the way from the bottom to the top of it. For the bottom of what? From the bottom of the Luxor. To the top of the pyramid. All right. All right. They said there was guys hanging there and standing around, sitting around, sitting with you and making a... I love it. Yeah, but it's that Luxor is beautiful. In that Vegas, where you get two guys falling for a building, and I bet which one's going to hit the ground first. You know what? That would be hard to fall from the Luxor. You can probably get odds on that, and every casino in town. You could have to tumble the fall from the Luxor. Yeah. But it was really neat. I was just called to say, thank you for turning me on. I thought it like it, man. Greatest place in this country. Because I was talking to a guy in the taxi. We were comparing Miami to the Vegas. And I said, you could walk from the Luxor to the circus circus. And never have a problem. I said, would you do that in Miami? So you created you out there and you want to go to Miami? Yeah. Neither. Okay, pal. We had a little problems with a flight, you know. We got laid over. Yeah, I don't know that. Well, if you got laid, it can't be all bad. No. All right. Thanks a lot, bud. Okay. But great day. You see, deadlines. Why don't you open man? We have a gigantic abyss there in Dave County. We haven't had one Julio online today. Have we? Here are lives around the line. Our whole goddamn livelihoods are at stake. We haven't had one Julio call in today. And say thank God, some of you guys are still going to be around. Some of you. Do they have to have a really sick accent to, uh, yes. Yes, they do. They have to speak Castilian. They have to say Barthalona. They have to say Brian Norcross. They have to say Bish. Yeah, Miami, Bish, South Bish. 134 at WIO, dear. A lot of guys talk sports, but not like default, Rubin and High. Sports riders on the radio. There's no show, quite like it. And the boys do their show live on location. Every Thursday night at Dave and Busters. There's no place, quite like it. Talk, Panthers. Talk, Dolphin. Talk, baseball with default, Rubin and High. Play pool. Play shuffleboard, play unbelievable video games. Sports riders on the radio. Thursday night at 6 p.m. Live at Dave and Buster on news, Talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIO. Oh, D. Doctor, it's time to get the doctor. We've got a lot of energy for you. We've got a lot of energy for you. We've got a lot of energy for you. We've got a lot of energy for you. He let. There's no show. What the hell was that? It's that same spot. What do you mean? It's the same spot. It's like a, it's a WIO D. D&B, which stands for Dave and Buster's spot. And so it's like a promo spot. Why? What are you talking about? How many proms? What is this? But so how do I supposed to know when it's over? Like it. Oh, are you saying? Oh, like I said, get the oxygen in here. Get some of those oxygen. Thanks from that damn DC 9. Will ya? Oh my god. What kind of cockarize that? Is this some new insanity that's been forced to to upon us just in time for the big announcement? That would can keep us pecker in his pants. Oh, they made them have rough sex. Oh, they made them have rough sex. Price tag was a new Rolex. Price tag was a new Rolex. Oh, they six feet underground. Oh, they six feet underground. Lials wigs in lost and found. Lials wigs in lost and found. Kitty said, Lyle, you're a fake. Kitty said, Lyle, you're a fake. Snatch that wig off, piece of cake. Snatch that wig off, piece of cake. Chaste her up and down the stair. Chaste her up and down the stair. Screaming, giving me back my hair. Screaming, giving me back my hair. Erick said, I never knew. Erick said, I never knew. My brother's queer and chrome dome too. My brother's queer and chrome dome too. Lyle said, Erick, shut your mouth. Lyle said, Erick, shut your mouth. Are these thumb-tax-beats? Are these thumb-tax-beats going south? Are these thumb-tax-beats going south? Now get upstairs and rush your teeth. Now get upstairs and rush your teeth. Then stick that toothbrush underneath. Then stick that toothbrush underneath. Rob sex. Rob sex. Rob sex. Nice sex. Nice sex. Neese sex. Neese sex. Just sex. Just sex. Okay, 20 till 2 at W.W. Do you like I said, the date line just vanished. Like all of a sudden, we had a bomb skewer in date. 7519-463-751-Wiod. All three lines just sitting there. Very dead. I mean like absolutely no interest. And we have an open line on the green line. Two of 1-800-944-9463. Yeah, you see, if you just went to that meeting this morning and you walked out of there with kind of like you felt a little better when you walked out than when you walked in maybe. And then all of a sudden now, it's like things aren't quite as simple and cut and dry as they may at first make them appear. And now we got all sorts of other like fallout. Like we got damage control over here. And we got a big hole in the wing over there. And it's, you know, here's four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. All right. If you're going to make the move to 1035. Who says that? Well, that's what the rumors are going on. Isn't the buddy bud buying 1035 or bought it already? Yeah, but the sale hasn't even gone through yet. Well, because I was just thinking if for some reason you did end up going over there, maybe remember you could get his own sports show on 610. Yeah. Wouldn't that be nice? Well, you ought to have a sports show on somewhere. I know. I better than the Hummer any day. Yeah. At least you could get somebody with some actual hockey knowledge. Well, he doesn't play enough golf with the Steve Nickel. That's why he's not working here. Oh, really? Yeah. That's the answer to that question. With Deco, take a crap in his pants if he somehow got a job at 610. Twice. He would do a big marry-oh, man. Oh, man. Really? He's really agile as a rumor. Paranoid. Paranoid and psychotic. That's right. Well, let's just hope he doesn't bring the knees along. Okay. All right. Have a great day, Pat. Okay. I guess we're all done, huh? I guess we're done. I thought you all gave the numbers out there. And I thought it's a little something we're finished. We're all done. We managed to keep this thing afloat for nearly four hours today, which if I do say so, my self was quite a major miracle out of the circumstances. But that's basically it. We got all the deadlines wide open, 751 Wiod. We got two and Broward, five, two, four. We got two on a green lines, 1 809, four, four, nine, four, six, three. That's the end of the rumors. That's the end of the interest. That's the end of the insist. That's the end. It's all over pal. It's finished. Here's sunrise on a purple line. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay. I figured you'd like this one. I know you don't like to see no data. That's all, right? Because I talked to you a couple months ago. Nassau sucks. They can take Nassau and blow it off the face of the globe. But I know you like this. Yeah. Down there at the beginning of the Stanley Cup playoffs, into the sportsbook down there. Put your $10,000 on the Panthers, 25 to 1. Right. So I'm waiting for them to just finish up now. Okay. So that's not here. Good odds, though. What was this? This was at the beginning of the Stanley Cup playoffs. I think they just started the first game. Because I think at the beginning of the year, they were doing like 500 to 1. Somebody sent me a photo copy of a thing you got in Vegas back in the beginning of the season. And he made a $10 or a $25 bet at 500 to 1. That's unbelievable. Yeah. I wish there was there. This was just the beginning of the Stanley Cup playoffs. So, you know, seeing the list was still two-fifth. You know, one in the past. I'm not sure that they have it. It's kind of like some of the old racetracks. They have windows where they sell the tickets. But I'm not sure if they cash. You don't want you to be homeless. You can cash from here for a lot of y'all. You sure that, huh? I'm fine. I'm fine. Okay. Hang on to a tight pal. Good luck to you. Good luck to us. Daydelines. Are these lines working or what? This is impossible. It's been a hell of a long time since we've seen a development like this. 751-946. Maybe they all turned over to 940 to Wednesday to try to get some real information about what's going on. I wouldn't blame on myself. 751 WI would be, we got no put line in. Broward 5241 on the Green Line. And man, all of a sudden, they're playing hard to get on one of the worst days in the history of everybody's life around here. And they're playing little games with us, little cat and mouse, little cat and rat going on here. Here's a mobile in Boka, hello. Hey, little eye to the desk. Okay, I guess. Over the weekend, if you're quiet, you know, I always admire Yager's stick working everything, but I never could come up with a reason to hate him. And on Sunday, they showed it. They showed an interview with him, and he's wearing it. Cowboys, you jersey. Yeah. Well, maybe he likes the White House. I guess, up. Maybe that's why he's moved so quickly on the ice. Good be. Yep. Well, see you on Friday. Okay. Go back. I'll be there. Two open lines in date, 751 WI would be. For what was that action there in date, county? We got a bunch of assholes out there or what? Yes. Really? We got assholes. WI would be. Are you an assholes or like a real collar? I'm a real collar. Okay. All right. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Neil. Hey. Yeah. Okay. I said this must be an asshole. What do you say? I have no idea. Oh. Like I said, all three lines in date are open. Boy, oh boy, you talk about when you run out of material, man. It's like somebody all of a sudden shut the valve off into the off position and squeeze the real tight. 751, 9463. Y'all are material guys. Is that it? Because I'll tell you one thing. I sure is hell, I am on a day like this, which they should have slapped a tape on here from 830 to more until midnight today. Give it us a day to go get some oxygen and just kind of recover our brain. While they try to get their acts together, which from the looks of it, they aren't doing too good of a job. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's that going to be decided to, uh, what this new hockey police going to be named? How does that work? As to what it's going to be named? Yeah. I mean, is that something that you like stay awake thinking about at night? Well, I mean, uh, and all. Who cares what the name of it is? What's your name? Damn it. I mean, what's wrong with Roger's arena? Like I said, I think that sounds pretty good. I thought so too. I'm seriously, how's that going to happen? They'll probably get some big corporate sponsor for it. Like they have the GM place and then cover and they'll stick their name on it. That's why the freight of. Well, what's wrong with that? If we get some good money in here, who cares? When I'm sincere when I think it ought to be named Roger's Arena, Yeah, I'll hold your breath. Hold your breath. Yeah, well, okay. But, uh, well, like everybody else, that's what I got. Okay, pound. Hi, buddy. Good luck to you. And you'll need it. Open line and Broward, 5249463. Oh, man, is this a day? Is this a day? Is this a day? Just absolutely unbelievable. Everybody is just waiting. I mean, they've got themselves covered with armor from head to toe. Just waiting for the spears and the darts to start flying. Here's a market. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, Neil. Yeah. This is your redneck friend. Are you going to get, you got to quit that hockey stuff? We have an open line on the blue line, 5249463, 5242, WID, no, I'm not. So you might as well find some. Turn on the INZ. Okay, you'll hear some real good juicy rumors about the WIO deal over there. Turn on 940 wins, our good friends over there. Laurie Shepherd and that guy that called me for that was so ponderous. I always loved people who think that I know them. I mean, I do know who that guy was, which I really did think he died in the hospital while Joey was on. I know Joey was dying on the year of big time. But that guy calls in here like my long lost best friend like I know who he is. And Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, I know he's going on. He's making a speech. I wouldn't know that guy if he walked in the door right now. If they dragged him in with the IV in his arm. And the oxygen tank. I wouldn't have any ID who that guy is. 147 at WIO deal. He was talking entertainment radio. 16 WIO deal. I heard knee uh. It's what I got when I sang this song. All the notes are so darn hard. I got the emphodes where one just don't belong. Big her knee uh. You know this song is killing me. And if they forced me to sing it again, I'll need major surgery. Her knee uh, he's so bad to get his note. He's all my career. Her knee uh, he's only one guy left and there left. Her knee is killing me. Her knee is so bad. Alright, 152 at WIO deal. One of the greatest days in the history of mankind. We got our finger on it. Baby we got our thumb right there in the middle of it. Let's go to a mobile in Tamarack. Gone. Long gone. Alright. Like I said, let's try Westchester. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. I bet you know this is our slick. Asshole. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah, you had a tune about a guide kissing a girl's pose. A country in western Song that really liked a lot. Little bit a bit. I really liked it. And you've been wearing my lip shot. No thanks a lot. Ah ha ha ha. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Neo. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you there's a version of the life in Miami. You can't tell by the last two calls. Where is it? I don't know. I'm just looking for it. It's probably uh, I don't know. Listen. I'm gonna tell you about my last memorial day. Yeah. I last year I went to Cancun with a bunch of friends of mine. And let me tell you I was expecting you know really nice time. Partying of course. But these gooeyches have ruined it. They turned it into another Marco Highland. Hello. Yeah. They ruined it for me. Who ruined it? The gooeyches. Goooeyches. Gooo beacuse. Who the hell is that? The cumin case. Gooo beacuse. Gooo beacuse. That's right. Yeah. It's a cumin word. Oh. What does that mean, George? Gooo beacuse. He impending any attention. Hey. I'm saying. I'm just going home. Because they were y'all. And it might as well not be on here here. Everybody is running around and bop bop bop bop bop. Why don't I just play that card? Because we're really not doing a show here anymore today. We're just going to the mall. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.Applause about that. So now the grant time is getting over there. Okay. If we400 submit us like everybody is going low knee Tuuns Iran is joined. And like every other staged in town is black but all kinds of stuff and you know, there's more rumors oneat, than when the godfather got hit five times. So what am I supposed to be doing here. Oh, God it's 155 thank the lord. I am gonna go to religion. I have a fish on every God damn. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. OK, take your time. Slow down. OK, I'm the first time caller. Great. And I know Joey the cop. Yeah. And so we were wondering, you know, I'm trying to turn on everybody here for, oh, to your show. OK, not turn it down. Yeah. But, and there he is. Sure. You know, Joey, the cop probably was the first part. Right. I mean, what do you think about Joey? I don't. I really don't. You don't know him? Yeah, I know him, but I don't think about him. You don't think about him? Not at all, no. Yeah, so body to think about that. Well, I'm happy for you. I hope you two are having a good time. I hope this is a third wife don't hear about it. No, I mean, I just know him from work. Yeah, of course. Nothing else. Well, see, I hate to break the news to you. But Joey the cop, I mean, he's like ancient history. I haven't seen him or spoken to him. Yeah. And now this is before Moses was a baby. What? Well, I have to tell him to call you that. No, you don't have to do that. Well, well, squeak by. Well, Neil, listen, I really enjoy your show. And everybody else in the office is like listening to you. And this lady who works with me, she can't believe you. She's saying, is he for real? Is he for real? No, I'm not for real. I'm just a clown. I'm just a panic. Yeah, so we love you here. Okay, sweetheart. Have a great day. Give Joey a big kiss on the post. Oh, OK. Bye-bye. Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Like I said, that was a good one. That's a hot market. Here's plantation, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, first time caller. I have to say this is a big thrill for me. I speak to Neil Rogers. I just saw the Stanley Cup at the mall here. At the JC Penny. Yeah. Broward Mall. It was a great head of nice, nice crowd of people. Everyone wearing their pants for colors. Yeah. And the Panther colors look real good next to that Stanley Cup. I sure do. Sounds like a great deal to me. There was a... I don't think they're even going to have to ship it back to Toronto, the hockey hall of fame. They can keep it right here. Keep it right here. Telling the tango and jersey got to pay to take a picture of everyone's boot. Yeah, those colors clash real bad. But it didn't look good at all. Panther colors really look good. So let's go and Friday and good luck to the team. I'll see you there. Bye-bye. Bye. OK, 157 at WOD. And that's three minutes before two. If you play your cards right, you give the time 40 or 50 times. Let's give a weather forecast. OK. Let's start putting a weather backup on here. We'll turn on the weather channels. Start giving some of that good information. I think 58 after the hour. 18, 28, 38, 48, 48, 58. Every eight minutes. I think I'll give the local weather on a weather channel. We'll start reading it off the screen because we're affiliated very closely with those folks. And we like them very much and it's cheap. So we might start doing that too to kill a little bit of time here. Tomorrow, by the way, my grain headache is already started working in the balls of my body and it's working right toward the base of my neck. It could be a nasty sick day tomorrow. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. How you doing, Neo? OK. I had a question for you. I'm going to Friday night's game. I got to take it for Sunday's game. But I got a family emergency. Is it possible even numbers? You've been here. Oh boy, here we go. I'm a Mr. Radio Pimp again. No, it's just up to here today. I got my friends all our friends have tickets and no problem. I said, oh, I'm going to get off somebody. No problem. George isn't too happy about it. But like I said, no problem. What do you what do you got? I got Sunday after you want to go Friday. You want to swap. No, no, I got Friday too. I just can't make it to set. So, I want to sell Sunday's tickets. I want to get it on. Well, here, hang on in. OK. And just remember me and your will. OK. I might need it. I will. Hang on. There's a guy in a purple line. I want to go to a scalpsome ticket. It's probably a very inflated price and very illegal. So let's get involved in that. See what we can get out of it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? OK. I was listening to the guy at QA, Mad Midnight. And I was talking with a funny voice. Yeah. That's a shame because the guy sounds like he knows something about hockey. You know, OK. But he's how can listen to that? No, you know, because that's for rail on a radio. Yeah, for rail. But it's the most obnoxious sound I've ever heard in my life. He's a lot of people. I like listening to somebody scraped their fingers on a blackboard for four hours. But seeing him, he knows more than then all those guy who work in the daytime or there. But it's very sad because like you just got through saying, who'd hell can listen to it? Yeah. So why does need ditch the act already and just do a damage for chill? Yeah. Stop trying to be a comedian. Yeah. And in the last thing, what's your prediction for a friday? Why can't I can't tell you the little Friday morning? OK. I got a sit down on this chair and just the right position. Get my cheeks just in the right posture and then get the feeling in order to say. Right. Forty two pander. So let's go. OK. All right. Sounds good to me. OK. So there we go. That kind of kick this baby in the teeth here today. And I feel like I've been kicked in the teeth several times. It feels like just like Alex Bennett said. You know what Alex? But what did Alex Bennett say as a matter of fact? There was another good talent they brought in here. Maybe that's why they lost so goddamn much money. But hey, they're smart and more dumb and we're just pions. We're just pons and it's gigantic chess game in the sky. Have a wonderful day. And the better day tomorrow. Open up your mouth and let the rain be your umbrella and stick it up to you as ass. A CD-ROM with every fact. A couple of the TV test battered mornings with rigging nuts. So whatever the question we've been for a little bit. We're going to use talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD. Good afternoon.