99 degrees in South Florida, that's it for now. I'm Juan Niel is next on talking that our payment radio 610 WIOD. Talk in entertainment radio 610 WIOD Miami Fort Latterio. A Paxed Duffin presents video Roger show to talk to the O'Cross 751 WIOD in day 524 WIOD in Broward, outside day in Broward called 1-800-944 WIOD AT&T Wireless and Bell South Lability College in the United States. Now the new Roger show on talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD. It's Friday you best kids. She's back. She's back and she's mad. So good! Barbara Bush, she and her fosterer track and down the world's biggest bad guy. So bad, we're gonna do to that. You know Belly's side one there once we catch him. Well, first I figure out teach that main jibalment to read and then I was stringing him off. She's your jan jury in her own kangaroo court. It's hang-em-harm starring Barbara Bush and Clint Eastwood. And looks like he's hiding it towards the east. Slim, you and Debbie ride on the head and cut him off at literacy pass. Who's saying can run, but he can't. He's got a date with a tall camel and a short roll. Barbara Bush in hang-em-harm. Hi, host Silverhouse! Hello! What are you trying to say? So anyways, 10-03 WIOD happy Friday morning, boy did we have an uplifting experience. Hey, hey! Wow! Got the tour of the new WIOD studios up there in Hollywood. I'm gonna tell you something you could eat off the floor. You have never seen anything so majestic so state-of-the-art so phenomena you've never seen anybody, especially after what we've gone through the last three or four years. I mean, we can't even get a paper clip in this joint. These people have spent millions of dollars and it's only the beginning. To give a state-of-the-art, we're gonna be able to do stuff up there that you wouldn't even believe. But anyway, before we get to that, we got a great hockey section in the USA today. By the way, even if you're not one of those regular people, it likes the color pictures. USA today has got a bonus pull-out section today on the hockey season, which begins tonight, of course. And it's great. I mean, it has got more crap in here. It also says, Maple Leaf, Sergain, Beriz in Leeds, Talden, Rookie Corps. That's the only thing we got. Fesco is 150 goals. This year, Leeds might have a chance. But it's got all this great stuff on here. It's got about the different teams, about the Dynasties are hard to build. It's got all the rosters of every team. It's got a synopsis on each team who they pick, who they don't. Panthers, by the way, they pick, looks to me like they're picking us third. Behind the flyers and the Rangers in our division, which at least is better than that hockey show. They pick this fourth. All of it has a few cost of comments. And nobody believed in this last year. So why should they believe this year? And then it's got the team by team schedules on the last inside page for all the teams in league. So if you're a hockey fan, even if you don't have TCI, this is definitely something you ought to get you West State a day today. Also speaking of TCI, while I was up there in Hollywood with our people, people, your tells me the good news, the first complaint already. We haven't even moved in the new building yet. They already got a phone call yesterday. Guess who from TCI. Oh, they're upset. Poor babies. They're upset. They're upset because I got in the year and I gave that phone number out in their internal memo. It says that what's your name there? She wants to hear from the customers and she haven't only got 10 million calls and he's a little upset. He's going on here saying this and saying that and that's a call us. Yeah, we want people to call you because now it's Friday. The opening game is tomorrow night and you people are still dittling around and are trying to put off the public. And people are getting pissed off. So anyway, Jeff Remer is here this morning. And you can ask him whatever you want. Right? Absolutely. The Panthers begin this season the war night. We're heading off to Philadelphia this afternoon. And we may get an update before we leave the air today with regards to direct TV. Yeah. And the hope is that by the more night, and doesn't look like TCI will be on board. No, hopefully they won't be on board by the Maranite. So probably be a mad rush to Brands Mart and all the other spots. But don't forget this and that is, although I see there are a lot of people who have direct TV, who may not be real big sports fans. So they only have the basic package. Yeah. But if they have the basic package and they find out that if they get the sports package, they're going to get the sports channel floor down there. They'll be on a phone with direct TV like immediately if not soon. Of course, they can do that right over the phone. And we speak negotiations continue from what I understand between East Coast and West Coast and the whole piece that something we don't. Yeah. Why do you keep playing that in the background, Georgia? Because Remer is here. So anyway, we got Jim Leeland has come at a managed to Marlon. Great. Great. The Empire is walking out. More trouble with baseball, which they just keep shooting themselves in the leg. And the beat is talking to Doug McLean here in the next year. We're going to talk to Doug McLean. I got a great suggestion. Something he might shop for you up in Philadelphia. I know they don't have any here. Well, we should also probably call it Don Cherry. We might call Don Cherry. We might call some good time. So Remer can avoid the obvious and can evade growing up and being a man. One thing I would have worn, you know, show at any given moment here in the first part of the show today. The wear of exploding balls. But don't worry about it too much. That's my suggestion. Okay. That even Jennifer knew she knew what was going on. Well, this man is cut. Let me just, I don't want to alibi for you. But you're cut between a rock and a hard place is what you said. Which is a good excuse for the fact that you're just holding out. The man hopes to someday he gets a job. He hopes that somebody hires him besides sports channel Florida. He's only going to be busy doing a 65 hockey games. Probably on a baseball telecast doing pre game and post game and all kinds of other stuff. He's going to be working 13 months out of the air. But he just holding out that hope that the phone is going to ring. And who do you think is going to be on the other end? Maybe it'll be Hank. Well, just a couple things I will straighten out here. Oh yeah. I will. All right. Here we go. Number one. Yes. Number one. I mean, we don't need a fanfare. Number one. I guess Hank and I didn't hear it. But Hank the other day, I'm told that he said I was suing two people at QAM, which is just like, I'm sure. Yeah. As you know, and I think everybody here in South Florida knew back, well, I guess it's several months ago now. Some things were said on the morning show about my son Josh. Right. We're totally inaccurate. There was a young high school soccer player with a name, Grimer or Grimes or something. Grimer. That's stepped on some kids head in the whole nine yards. And I guess the boys were having some fun. But one guy in particular, which was the guy that I had all my problems with when I was at QAM. It was Joseph Gackie. And, you know, he said, well, it's a cheap shot. What he expect, look at what his father is. But anyway, we asked for the kids. He was a Gackie stock, okay? Because we never heard that. Yeah. And if it was anybody else that has a son and all, and again, he's not in the public eye. And, uh, no need to even talk about the kid. But for that to erroneously be said, when everybody knows where we live in coral springs. And the here is his kid in Hollywood stepping on somebody else's head. We just thought that we should listen to the tapes, et cetera. But we listen to him and not to make him out of a mohill. We just decided to, uh, to walk away right or wrong. We decided to walk away. So there was never any, uh, any lawsuit. Yeah. Well, you know, you're not so anybody there. Right. Yeah. And, uh, well, Hank can say what he wants to say. I'm not going to get down to his level. But the fact that we're to this all start. Didn't you get along with him when you were over there? And you were on the air. Hank was great to me. Right. And he was, uh, and I think was the guy, well, the problem. Well, I have a lot of time coming on his show probably. Yeah. Probably. And allegedly, I also started a rumor. He says that he was going to New York, which I did not start. The fact that matter is there. Remember, as if it was yesterday, we were sitting in Ottawa and Ron Colangelo, who's now the, uh, PR guy for the, for the Florida Marlins. And Chris Moore, myself and Ray Murray, we're sitting there having lunch. Yeah. And it was Chris Moore and Ron Colangelo that, uh, we're conversing and telling us what the story was with Hank. And, uh, the long and short of it is, and I know it, as true as today, that Ray Murray came back to me in a apologize because he told his editor, is hey, you better check on this because, uh, there's a story in Ottawa that Hank may be going into New York to WFA. Bottom line at all, this, I mean, that's a promotion. I mean, Hank, working at the best sports radio station in the country. But anyway, Hank felt that it was me that started the rumor. And, uh, he's been telling people, I guess, on the air ever since. That too, totally, he's in that. He's used that as an excuse to justify the relentless endless attacks against you. But it's interesting because I remember Andy Calblas the one, even you didn't tell me that. Andy Calblas the one I don't know where he heard it, who came to me and said, uh, I hear that Hank's going to the FAA and that's the rumor. And of course, you know, me, I always take that stuff and go and go with it because, you know, that's just the way we do it here. Well, I talked to Ray Murray. I talked to Ray Murray, the Sun Sentinel. Yeah. Ray said, listen, I said, you don't need to make making problems for me. I mean, I work with Hank and Hank was pretty upset the first time we talked about it. But I thought at the end that I'd convinced him after he actually did a tyrade against Ron Colangelo on the air that it wasn't me who started the rumor. So, was he going to FAA? No. Thanks a lot on the car from Hologon. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Okay. I'm always at the hurricane game on Saturday. Yeah. Good games. It's great. Yeah. We lost the West Facts. You know, if you're going to the FAA or not in New York, now, you're not. No. No. There was a report that said that you were going to law as a FAA in New York, but the end of the run. I've never talked to the FAA in New York and I wouldn't lie to you. I already know. I was on the, you know, I'm sorry, but it's not true. I don't care where you heard it. Would that's what they said? They said they'd say it would go in different places. So, no. You know, I mean, there's the two points already. That's, you know, some fat statements. BS radio from Sinon to Sinon. And I can't believe how many fuckers are on its down. For a special thing. Well, you're not even doing the right timing. Do you remember that? You're even doing the right to the end of the interview. Excuse me. Last week they said that meal was leaving. Didn't they? Yeah. Is he leaving? No, but that was a fool. That was a, yeah, right. Yeah, right. So we got a little exercise about that. And, you know, let me say it again. There were other people who started a rumor. Andy Calpasted long and I ran with it. And I'll be honest with you. I keep hearing those rumors again. I think Hank might be going to F.A. in in New York. I don't want to be involved. I mean, you know, Hank can say what he wants to say. But there is reality. And I'm not going to get down. Yeah. And he would hate because again, Hank was one of the guys that did go to bat for me. While I was at the station, he and Joe Rose. Yeah. And quite frankly, he's using the bat in other ways again. Well, what, what can I say? I'm not going to get down to that level. But I don't want those things being used as excuses because they're not. When probably in reality, the big reason why Hank's upset with me is probably because I make all these appearances on your show. Yeah. And probably because he doesn't know anything about hockey. And this is a good cover up for it is that during the playoffs, when there was such an intensive amount of interest. And people were just dying to hear more information about the Panthers and about the playoffs is that it put him in a very difficult position. And it was only after the playoffs were over. And so, when I was a little bit scared, sometimes later on that he finally admitted he doesn't know anything about it. So it seemed to me that he would be anxious. I mean, if you want to be on a so-called all-sports station, wouldn't you want to have people on who know something about sports that you don't know about? You would think. Hank, I'm telling you. When I used to go in any afternoon, Hank would start laughing. So you know what, remember, you're a professional. You're a professional. You're a professional. You're a professional. And he did go to bat for me with the powers that be. But by that time I was buried. By that time I was buried by a by the gackie because I mean, you can't believe some of the stuff that went on in that station in my short stay there. And quite frankly, the best time I had there, my QAM is one of the three weeks that I worked the morning show with Joe Rose. And I got on there because Joe said, hey, listen, I want to work with this guy. I want this guy in the morning show and Joe is the guy. And the fact of the matter is when the lawyers letter went to QAM and Joe got wind of it and Joe talked to me and actually didn't talk to me very much. But you know that he was pretty upset about it. Joe, my problem is not with you. The problem was that the inaccuracies of of Zagaki and I think that right from day one, we had problems here. I mean, I one time co-hosted a show with Joe Zagaki. Yeah. And people in the building were appalled because he was running down the the hall. It couldn't get to the old owners quick enough to a bitch and complain that I was put on a show without his knowledge. You're talking talk. It was crazy. Hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey, no, it's all crazy. You want to do good sports talk radio and you know that radio is my love. Right. Next to the Florida Panthers and hockey radios my first love. You want to do good sports radio. I worked at one of the great stations in America, WBA all in Baltimore for 10 years. Your guest intensive, your issue oriented. You get to the people that are making the news last week when the story broke on the on the baseball on fire. I knew about it eight hours before, but the umpires potentially walking out. I talked to the umpire that was the crew chief there. I thought the way that was actually a table. I took complete face kids on who worked cheap in screaming yell and the see how loud things. If you want to talk to the crew chief that that was right there with Alomar, we can get him on the phone here in three minutes. Yeah. We got a lot of stuff going out. We got the umpires walking out allegedly. They're in court again this morning. We got Jim Leeland coming here, which is a terrific and only be ecstatic about that. We got the hockey season starting tomorrow night. We got just all kinds of crap going on. So beware of exploding ball. Okay. We'll get Doug McLean on a couple of minutes. We'll see what he can add to the mystery of the story. 10 15 at WOD. Jeff Rimmer, the voice of the Panthers on Sports Channel Florida, which some of us are going to be seeing. See how I want to sound selfish, but I don't have any problem because I'm going to get it. I got the big dish. If you folks out there like the big one, a nice big cigar in your post and of course people would taste everybody once in a while. Loves to light up and puff on something really great. Mike cigars is the place for you, not just a premier cigar store in this town, but voted one of the top five cigar Emporiums in the world by Forbes magazine. That's the sand lot because you know everybody in their brother, dime stores and drug stores, mom and pop cigars stores, a lot of places where you can just go and get a cheap cigar. But if you really are a cigar kind of swear, they got over a thousand different brands of hand made homemade premium cigars. Whatever one you like, they got a waiting for you there. And if you don't want to go over to Mike's, which I hope you do to see the amazing joint they got and all the beautiful human ors and accessories. But if you're not close to where they are, which is 10 30 King concourse in Bay Harbor, then they got a beautiful catalog and they ship out all the way to the city. Like an issue about all over the world, they'll send them right to you or to anybody you like who is a cigar lover. In date, county call 866-2277 and they'll whip you out in absolutely free brand new catalog. 866-2277, toll free from outside of date, it's 1-800-962-4427. 1-800-962427 for that new free of Mike cigar catalog. Like I said, if you love great cigars, you're going to love Mike cigars. I want you to entertain me in radio 610-WI-O-D. Okay, 10-19-WI-D. Here's the man here's Doug McLean. We wanted to get over Shadowed now. We got Pat Riley with a slick hair. We got Jim Leeland as Flining as we speak from Pittsburgh. We got some big famous names there. We got JJ with even a better hair than Pat Riley. And you know, all you did was go to the Stanley Cup finals. We don't want you to get over Shadowed now. We're going to get over it with that. Now there's some heavy hitters, which is good. It's nice to see them all. Exactly. And of course, you put the pressure on it because you're the guy that took a team. Nobody thought was going to make the play off to the finals. And these guys are making a big, big bucks and got the big names and they got to prove anything at least here. Yeah, they've proven quite a bit nail. I mean, really, they like you and radio. You're putting those guys in my class. Well, I thought you were my friend. Well, they're in your money class. We're here. So what are those? Almost. Now, listen, before we talk a little bit about this weekend, you guys are going up to Philly. You're leaving a safety note. I know that Eric Lindras always talked about a place that's a favorite of mine in the Philly area. Wow, which is like a big, it's like a big 711, but they got great sub sandwiches. You ever hear a wall was? No. When you're up there, you want to get the guys over the way. You go to Rockies. Have you ever heard of that? Forget about that. Wow, was. I've got the best sub sandwiches. I'm wondering maybe some of them are going to buy dinner there tonight. I found like the type of place he'd buy dinner. Up there in Philadelphia. Maybe you might find some like paste on balls for this guy. I'm not not like permanent ones, but maybe you might find like a little small pair to start with. Because I know he can't find any down here. Who is it for who? For Rimmer. Oh, really. Yeah. I'm not going to get into that. Yeah. So how do we look? Because anybody other than Shepherd? Everybody else is going to be healthy now. Everybody looks good. You know, I think it's going to be a tough weekend to say the least. What does that mean? Well, you know, the home opener is always making it a little more interesting. I'm hoping they're going to be a little bit more uptight than we are because it's their home opener. But I think both teams are. You know, I think Philadelphia and particular are going to be a little. What's that word you used before us? Yeah. Because, you know, bus speed in the most last year. I think it gives them a little more incentive. But. And is it is Lindrasnacht plan? I've heard he's not. Yeah. You know, that's the word. But I mean, TSN reported that that somebody's telling me maybe a 10 days. But I don't know. But I don't be a tough game. And I like our lineup. We've got some a little bit of a different look with Smith in there up front. I've got the devour act playing with Lowry and Burns, which is kind of an interesting line in place of ray. And then I've got Lindsey, Strake and Smith, which should be a little different look as well. You know. So I kind of like the look of our team right now. And I think it's going to be a little tougher year because the teams are going to be everybody says they're going to be gone and force a little more. I found they gun first pretty good last year. But anyway, it'll be fun. Teams not getting the respect in the media. Who is this, George? Teams not getting the respect in the media. Everybody's got their preseason forecast and Doug to be honest with you. The Panthers aren't anywhere near the top. Everybody's expecting other teams in this conference. And particularly in this Atlantic division to finish ahead of Florida. Well, I think that's a lot of the people that are saying that. And I don't know why they wouldn't give us a little bit better luck. And I've had a really good care. I mean, we just have to go and play. That's what we have to do. And most teams in the league know that we'll be a tough team to play against. You know, so that's the bottom line. We'll play hard and we'll, you know, we just have to hope that the kids come along. You know, the winners and Joe van Oskies and even need a Myers got to be a little better this year. And he's got potential. Your boy, Strakka's got to play in a hard every night. He'll go to hell score over 30. And I want to let's figure something straight right now. If I am to sit him out the odd game, you know, don't jump all over me. Neil right off the bench. You're going to, you're already talking about sitting out. Marty Strakka and the season hasn't even started yet. Well, sure. I hope that the tech is not going to be an interpreter's past that along. Every time I write a name down, I think you know, I thought is it worth the aggravation. Now I'll just play. That's right. Just keep it in the edge right now. You're talking as speaking of the media. Now, by the way, yesterday the fans that the, that are lunch and we're saying, what do you going on? What Neil, you're going to talk in hockey? Well, I just, I phone him quite regularly for tips and, you know, it's the bottom line. Yeah, I figured not that the season started and that would probably be good time. You still own thanks for all that he contributed to you last year. I think, don't I mean, how many times have to thank the guy? I think like once a week would be good just to keep the memory fresh. Speaking of the media and maybe not giving the panthers their just do. I understand there was a story that New York Times yesterday by Joe LePoint where he talked about the panthers playing boring hockey and talked about you and being kind of arrogant. No, he didn't say that. He said I was thin skinned and cocky. Okay. Well, arrogant cocky pretty good. I don't, I mean, I, I know where it all. I mean, last year he wrote a brutal article about us. We all saw that. Oh, yeah. That was ridiculous. So I mean, he's just, it, it's fine. I mean, I, are you saying I didn't do it? I'm thin skinned. I don't think I am viewing the game, Neil. I'm not in the list. And now when you're compared to Rimmer, that's a one good thing. Always keep Rimmer around close. Maybe you look like a heart as a P. P. P. P. P. P. P. P. P. P. P. P. P. I, it's something I've got to improve on. There's no doubt about that. Well, if you quit eating those stale donuts at 10 Hortons making for you up there, you might be head of the game. That's right. What about team toughness Doug? Is this team going to be tough enough? Uh, would you get offered Rimmer? I mean, you guys talked about that all last year. I mean, that's what you, I mean, see, Neil, they jump on one little thing and they run with it. You know, well, you know, that only wanted you to be you wanted to address that to the future. I thought physically we're the toughest team in the playoffs last year in our conference, but we've got Martin. We sent him down to Greens or he'll be up and down. I think he'll help Paul. We don't want Paul laws fight now much because he's a, he's a two good a player now. I mean, Paul's really improved his game, but Paul will still do that for us. And I think that Martin will be up and down all year to help in that area. Now, what about your new TV show that they've used tomorrow night at six o'clock on sports channel? I heard that I don't know. Neil, did you see you haven't heard about it? No, I haven't heard a word about it. Remorse the host. Yeah. And I mean, here we are doing the show the other day. And I've got to keep trying to get him to relax. He was so uptight. Now he's supposed to be the TV guy. Yeah. I mean, that was. Well, that's because he knew he had made a commitment to come on here this morning and he knew he could never live up to all the promises he made. So he's been up tight all week. Yeah, right. What's they dropped a puck he'll be all right. He'll be all right. Yeah, I'll be able to. And what about that radio show that I heard about that you might be doing? Yeah. Now, do you know anything about that? Yeah. It's just a little bit of a communication problem. But it's all, I guess it's all worked out. You guess? Yeah. It's going to be fun. They have a new forward. I've got a new forward. Are you going to fall in on? Yeah. I will be falling in on your show as a matter of fact. I keep you honest. That's a good idea every week. That's an excellent idea. Is this being as going to be your last appearance of the Neil Roger show? No way. No chance. No way. He wants to talk to somebody. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, I don't know. I don't know how to play San Jose. They come back home, then they go back to play Colorado. I mean whoever put this schedule together must've been on drugs. Well, I say it. I guess it's. I don't know if the computer did or not, but like what's the maze is me is last year. We played a range. Just five times in the last month. Right. And in this year, we've got them four times in the month of October. I don't want you to call me out there. But you know, it's, you got to play them so let's get on with it. And what do you think about the Rangers? I mean, there are a lot of people who think that they wasted a ton of money on Gratsky. There are other people who are picking them to go all the way now because they think Messier can have a big year with Gratsky there and they got, you know, Rick, your play, so great in the World Cup. Yeah, Rick Dernlitch, Messier Gratsky, Gratsky, Grays. Raves, you know. They've got a real good team. I think they're going to be strong. I really do. Gratsky, you know, we know. He's guaranteed a hundred points. I think that's what he'll do in the regular season. And, you know, I think I don't, I think Wayne will be a handle plan with Messier a lot better than people think. I didn't get your sort of advice. I'm going to ask you this about Gratsky because the Leafs didn't accomplish much in the playoffs last year but they did. They did set a precedent and that is they started beating the Living Snot Outer Wayne who's not used to that. He's used to having guys stand around and watch him and admire his passing and skating ability. And he started really getting to him and he can't take it. And I think after that, they did the same thing that he treats series. If you start hitting Gratsky, he becomes a different player. Well, I think it's happened until over the last couple of years. Yeah. And then the playoffs really picks up because in playoffs, it's all business. You know, and we saw that the difference in our team and the playoffs compared to the regular season. It's just a, it's that extra level, you know. And you do tend to go after people. You just, you forget about all the tradition then. And you know, go for it. I don't know if I'm making any sense in it. Not really. I think you're doing what you do the best. You know what I'm doing to be going on. You want all the sense in that? Not on your skin. I was tying my skin. No, I think what you're doing is what you do best. And that's covering all sides. It's covered your butt, which is a good idea. But so, so, who do you like in the division that we have to, who do you think we can, the Rangers or the Philadelphia that we're going to really have to be out? Because I'll be honest with you personally. I answered my own question first. I think the flyers had their big chance last year. And I think they just didn't have the intensity. That they had the previous year. I think this year they might not be as good. He's I hope you're right. I just every time I look at Ren Berkler parent, the Clarenle Indus, they get nervous. That's all. You know, they can be such a dominant line that they can bury. And that's the only thing that that concerns me. You know, I don't know how much Howard Chuckle do with his or second line guy. But I looked for Pittsburgh. They're an interesting group, too. Like I just don't know what's going on with them because Hatcher, now they signed MUNI on the blue line, they should be a little better. But I don't know. I'm going to tell you the way that's really improved. Much you all look like an interesting team. Yeah. Quite honest. I don't know. But Mario Tromble is the coach there. I'm going to tell you something about the. I'm going to give you a remark on Pittsburgh. Even though I don't, I know we don't plan to later on. But Pittsburgh, even though they got Kevin Hatcher defensively boy, they're worse than ever. I know that comes to the shock. But defensively, they're very suspect. And they got a lot of problems. Malinsky is going to be traded. There's no way he's going to sign with them. Malinsky is going to be gone. Ned Vets is going to hold out into the season for Lisa's other couple of weeks. Maybe more than that. So they got some problems there. Even with Mario. Yeah. I agree. It's going to be interesting. But I don't know. I just, I like the look of our team right now. And I think we can compete with anybody. Yeah. So it'll be interesting. Jersey now. I see Bob McKenzie and T.S. And it's picking Jersey to win the Stanley top. So how do you know from year to year? What's going to take place? There's a role in it going to end up in New Jersey. What? Roenick. I thought he just could trade the Phoenix. Well, I know. He has a signed yet. He's not going to play for Phoenix. You know that. I don't, I think he will. I think you'll play. Got any rumors for him. You can leave us before he head to the end. No more Brendan Shannon stories now. I'm not telling. It remembers unbelievable. They tell me he's putting his garbage on the other morning. Mel and me was going by trying to counter President when he was waving. I'm down. We're waving now. I only stopped his sale. I told Mel next time. It goes by just kick his garbage cans over. OK. Coach, best to luck this weekend. Thanks a lot. Bring back, bring back at least. Well, we'll settle for one out of two this weekend. And we'll do some real business on Tuesday. OK. Take care guys. OK. See you tonight. OK. Doug McClain giving the inside story there instead of some of the other BS. We hear it's 10 30 at WIOD Lorenzo's in North Miami Beach on the corner of 163rd and Dixie Highway. And Bennett Bobbs in the Indian Trashoffing Center in Western Continue. The big one. It's going on right now. The 45th anniversary sale. And it's going to continue right to the second annual Italian Heritage Festival. Coming up November 1 through 3. So right now, it Lorenzo's prime ribveal chops. 899. A pound leg vehicle cutlets 1099 a pound. Try the Peter Luger State sauce to best in the world like you're in see a only 499. And today and tomorrow, fresh red snapper, flas only 899 a pound. Delicious fresh poached salmon with Dilsaw 1099 a pound imported for shoot to a 699 for the half pound. And just arrived at Lorenzo's posture grill home made California red wine to 1.5 liter bottle of a 699. Over at Bennett Bobbs in Western pickup Florida, Ju Coren, Jazeera buck. Great seafood like oven ready, flounder 399 a pound. Short fish takes only 999 a pound and farm raised main muscles 99 cents a pound. It's the big one. It's going on right now as I speak. The 45th anniversary sale. Lorenzo's Italian Center with Miami Beach and at Bennett Bobbs for seafood and produce in Western. Talk in entertainment radio 610 WIOD. Well, you're saying 1034 WIOD. Jeff Irmer is here. We got the million different things going on. We got the legal and is coming in. The price may be because I guess here's one guy who thinks money isn't everything. And he probably took a look at that California Angels roster and the Dirt of pitching which they have done. And he said all of money in the world and all the Disney stock in the world isn't worth going out there at this stage of my life and falling on my ass. I got at least in coming here. He's coming to a team that even with John Bowles and there are a lot of us including me made jokes about John Bowles, but he took over. And the fact that he looked like he was lost and made a lot of very bizarre decisions and strategy during some early games. But he brought that team along pretty good. They finished only two games under 500, which is a miracle. And Lee Lens basically taken over the nucleus of a team with some potential. I talked to Dave Dumbrowski the other day and I kind of said, you know, this setting up in analogy because Dumbrowski was a Montreal. Although he came to Montreal after I left and went to Baltimore, Washington. But I said to Dumbrowski, it was very much to me personally like when Bowles, similar position guide Jim Fanning was with the Montreal expose and he came after they fired Dick Williams came out of the front office to manage the expose and got him to the Lee Championships series. But Fanning went back into the front office and they got an everyday manager and he's now scouting for some team and it may in fact still be the Montreal expose because he lives in Montreal. But I don't think without a doubt and I think it was Gordon need to first broke the story and the Sun Sentinel now eight weeks ago, two months ago. If you remember he said that Lailin could end up managing the Marlins and it was almost like a fit of complete and I think that Eeds was onto something then. And obviously it was correct because today's going to be unveiled as a new manager it's a great move. I'm going to round baseball a long time and this guy is without question. Harold, it is the premier manager in the game. And you know, they're going to make some moves. That's a one thing that you got to say. Whether you like aerosin, you like Helsingue, you like any of these guys. Is that they have opened up the first rings down. The special I think with the Marlins. I think Wayne's got to realize that unless they do something dramatic and drastic now, that there's a good opportunity that, and he's prepared to do it. And he's prepared to do it. I've got to give it at least one shot here because the attendance has dropped so dramatically each year since that opening year when there was a lot of excitement and a lot of interest is over something brand new and maybe it was to a lot of people here. But it's not there now. I'm sure that Dumbrauski, be it the president, Smiley, and Hizing himself of Tolad Leyland that he's coming here and they want to put the pieces of the puzzle together. They've got a great nuclear here. They've got a great one-two combination. They brought in here last year pitching wise. They've got Gary Sheffield and those people that suggest that they've got a trade Gary Sheffield. I mean, they couldn't be further from the truth. This guy is the kind of baseball player you build a team around. They've come in and become the first baseman next year and they go out and maybe they get Benie. Although Benie is now in my talks to people in Baltimore, Benie is now hinting that he'd like to stay with the Orioles. So I don't know if that can happen, but who knows? As well, we've heard the stories and I don't know if it's possible to get Barry Bonds here, but boy wouldn't it be great to see Bonds here. He's a great ball player. But I don't think it's fine to sky. I don't think it's going to happen. But there are some free agents out there and obviously the Marlins can make some trades because they do have some young players in their farm system that can make the Marlins really, really think we have Barry Bonds. Nothing we think we've reached our Joc Asselt quota, our quotient in his town already. We don't need Barry Bonds. I mean, Barry is troubled wherever he goes. There's no question he's got the ability. And Jefffield got his own problems, but he's not even a league with Barry Bonds. But if you remember, Leilin, it's one of the great pieces of video that we've seen on ESPN over the years. It was at Sarah, not Sarah, so to, Bradenton is where the pirate train. And I guess Bonds was mulling off to the media and mulling off to some of his teammates and Leilin went right in and the cameras were on him. And if you remember, he ingressed Bonds right there. And it became somewhat of a folk piece for months after that because on every show you saw Leilin telling Bonds the way it was. And quite frankly, you look at Bonds today and he says the guy that he's got the most admiration for as a baseball manager is Leilin. So if anybody can control this guy, it's Jum Leilin. OK, we'll see. Speaking of baseball, by the way, I think you and I are probably the only two people in a free world who disagree with all this hysteria about the Elements and with the spinning. You know, last night in the in the Dodger Braves game, they brought up something very interesting. That is that there was a precedent in 1942, Bill Dickie of the Yankees. Got into an incident with Bill Summers, the Elater Merc and League Empire, Raid, Bill Summers, and got into a shoving match and shoved him. And Kennethaw Mountain Landis was the commissioner of baseball. And of course, anybody who knows baseball history knows that he was he was brought in in the 20s after the Blacksaw scandal to clean up baseball. I mean, he was the toughest disciplinarian. He was a no-nonsense guy to say the least. And yet the suspension he added out to Dickie for shoving up power was 30 games, starting during the regular season the following year, not during postseason. There is no precedent in baseball to suspend a player during postseason play. It ought to be a Donald Fierce said that very thing right other night on national television. I'd love to get the Americanly crew chief on that work that series. And there's no question to my mind that Hirschbeck provoked Alamar. Alamar is not a hot hit. I covered the American League as you know for 10 years. And in Alamar's years, obviously they were in Toronto. But this guy is not a hot hit and you cannot see Hirschbeck because his back is to the camera. In any of the views that we've seen on television. But this guy was provoked and as I said many times before, I've seen on fires time and time again, provoked these players and they're going to snap. I mean, anybody will. And you can push him so far and they're going to go. But Alamar is a classy guy and I know it was not a class act. But the guy was provoked and obviously he lost it. And what bothers me about, you know, Richie Phillips coming out and making this statement, the self-righteous statement last night is that, there's nobody seems to care about the game itself. In other words, how can they possibly survive? You know, we had the short and season two years ago. We didn't have any playoffs in the world series. We've had all this decrease in fan interest. Now you finally get to the one time of the year when people like me who don't watch all that much baseball during the regular season, I find myself watching most of these playoff games. And certainly going to watch the world series. So people, you know, there's a natural inclination. People don't watch a lot of football during the year. Watch the Super Bowl. People don't watch a lot of hockey. Watch the playoffs. And now in the middle of this, the Empire is decided, well, you know, unless we absolutely get our way, we're going to walk there. Hello, even though we got a no strike clause in our contract that we finally just signed after walking out for 120 days, we got to know, crock his strike deal and that we're still going to walk out. And you know what's going to happen? They're going to be worse for the game. They're going to be in federal court today and they'll be a court in Junction. And the Empire is a go back to work today. There, no question of my mind that the Empire is not going to go home. For sure, they're going to have to. They're going to be forced to go back. And they're going to be in court today in Philadelphia and they'll be a rule to go back to work. Same as it was the other day when I talked to a McKinna first time. And he said that, hey, we've got to stand by her speck and the Empire's as a union, a very strong union. But he expected right from day one had they gone in the initial time before the deal was made. For a couple of days, if you remember, they made a deal. He said that there's no question of my mind that we're going to be forced to go back to work, but at least we're going to take our stand. And that's likely what Richie Phillips is doing right now. And I think if you had a real making this state, a real commission instead of Bud Sealer, I think you'd see a guy's a problem. A guy come in here and say, OK, look, there's no way that we can suspend anybody during postseason now. But we'll agree to increase the suspension. The 15 games or 20 games or whatever whatever the number might be. To pacify the Empire's, to pacify the public or our open arms about this. And say, listen, we're not going to accept that kind of conduct. No matter what, inside of it, it's unacceptable. It's growth test. And we're not going to accept it. Does that crime fit a 20 game suspension? Well, not really. I don't think so. But I'm going to tell you, you talked to the public and you listen. And after Joe Buck and Macarver went on about this precedent, they then did a complete turnaround to say that what Alamar did was far worse than shoving an Empire. So in other words, spinning in somebody's face in the minds of the public today is much worse than actually physically confronting somebody and shoving them or hitting them. I'm sorry. I don't buy that. No, I don't buy it. You made the analogy the other day with regards to cold Lemue and what he did to draper in the playoffs. And he gets two games. Right. Two games. He could have ended that player's career to kill them. He could have seriously heard them. Right. No, question. It gets two games. And Alamar and I'm not saying it's right. It's a classless act. But Alamar gets five games. And this guy gets two games and he almost killed somebody. Yeah, forget it. Okay, 1043 at WODG. If you ever heard today, you have a free lunch. Tonight is a big night. Folks, speaking of great meals in the Clubhouse dining room. Tonight's the return of Poppino Park Racing. That's right. It's the great opening of the 1996-97 Racing Season. Two night. The festivities will begin at six o'clock tonight with a free October festive in the parking lot. There will be free general admission for everybody tonight. And the first 2,500 fans to the gate get a special gift from performers from pure platinum and Laver. The racing kicks off with a Broadway singing review in ancient Lantam, followed by the parade of horses, trainers, drivers and VIPs. Then Poppino Park's veteran track announcer and new general manager Gary Sibel will pass the microphone to his new announcer from Siodor Downs. There is a ribbon cutting ceremony in the new winner circle. And of course, post time tonight will be 730 with live racing and simultaneous final. You can watch. You can wait until you can win hopefully and settle it as large as final casting arena. It's the big one. The grand opening of the 1996 Racing Season at Poppino Park. Just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on race track and power line roads in Poppino. We'll see you there for sure tonight. Don't forget free admission for everybody. Post time 730 at Poppino Harness. Walking entertainment radio. 610WIOD. 1044 WIOG, a mighty big wigg and poppino park opens tonight. Hockey season starts tonight. The Panthers kick off their new season tomorrow night. We got just all kinds of cramp going on. Here's a mobile and four-loader Dale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. This is Tom. Hey. I want to ask you guys a couple questions. Then we'll hang up because I'm in a local line on a mobile. But you touched on a couple of things. One being is a concept of a player's manager versus a guy like Jimmy Johnson. And I'll look at his burger. Hey. You have any comments on the difference between, let's say, a school year and a Jimmy Johnson year. Then the last minute year and let's hopefully say the Leeland year. The second comment I want to ask you guys to comment on is, what do you think about my Steelers? And I'm going to hang up and I appreciate it. How could I try it guys? Okay pal. Do you think you're a Johnson's player? Thank you. Jimmy Johnson's a player's coach. Of course not. He's a strict disciplinary and he will put up with no crap. But you know something. And this is sound pretty far afield. But you saw that thing they had on CBC about the history of Toronto and Montreal hockey rivalry. And they had that segment on Punch Him like. Now for those not hockey fans who not all love to remember, the least last one to Stanley Cup in 6768. They won four Stanley cups in the 60s all under Punch Him like. Who took a franchise that in late 50s was floundering and came in and built a dynasty in one four Stanley cups every former player from Frank Mahavloch and Carl Brewer and Ron Ellis and everybody else they hit on. Bitched and belly ached about the fact that Imlaq was relentless and he worked them too hard and the guys couldn't stand it and they were sarcotic. But he was a winner. Right? Absolutely. So because he put the fear of God in them and obviously Jimmy Johnson and you know I don't know if you'd want to say that he's not a player's coach. He's a strong disciplinary and for sure. But if you remember I'll hold the accolades that came his way when he first took over the dolphins who begged for some discipline. One of the big problems with Don Shula in the latter years there that the dolphins were much of a country out of control. Yeah. Exactly out of control. So they needed that discipline. Then you got to guy like keep buyers. You say it's sour grapes or whatever saying that there's a lot of players that don't like Jimmy Johnson and I mean obviously he's put the fear of God in them but at the same time he's given them a chance to play and he wants them to practice hard and play hard. Much like punch him like I mean that's where I live. I'll give you more current example in hockey and that's Scotty Bowman. Now you're always telling me Scotty is crazy and so do you know. See now he's did whatever you call him. But the fact is the player's most of them hate Scotty Bowman. Dino says he really hated him. Primo hates him. A lot of those guys can't stand him and again for a lot of the same reasons because he's a hard discipline or any works of mind crazy. He demands perfection and a lot of guys don't want that. He's got he play and I he manipulates people. Yeah but the granted but the fact is okay they haven't want to stand the cup in longer than the leaves but they still have great teams. They won 62 games last year. They broke all kinds of records and they were a winner. mentioned the penguins. The late Bob Johnson, he wants to stand the cup with Pittsburgh Scotty came in the heritage the same team to give Scotty the credit or the penguins the credit when they want those back to back cups. So what do you mean by the says brother? We're a dynasty then. Well Jimmy Johnson sure didn't even be there right place at the right time. He sure didn't inherit that all the way. No he built. She'll have made that comment to Roy Farston that I was I thought was a very just as a ridiculous comment to make is that he turned over a super team to Jimmy Johnson. I mean the team that to Dolphin's have right now especially with Marina Winger there's no resemblance to the team that was playing for Shula last year. If you remember Jimmy Johnson we first took over Scotch. You said hey this is going to be a bit of a building pro situation obviously last year and Jimmy Johnson had a different point of view last year and that might be the only thing I'd like to debate with him and if you remember when he was on Fox and he doing his weekly columns and the herald and it was he said hey the dolphins have got all the tools they've got what it takes to win a super bowl and obviously he was kind of hedging his bed at that point putting a little pressure on you. Sure we do but the fact of that reason he took over he said it's going to be a bit of a building program here he got rid of a lot of dead wood he got rid of players that obviously did not want to practice and we're seeing some good young enthusiastic players you're going to play his way are you not going to play you're going to be gone. And what do you know about this team is beside the fact that Mike Tomzack is marginally at best. I mean they really made a mistake letting the old Donald get away. I like the old Donald he was at Maryland when we did the Maryland games at BAL and he's pretty confident quarterback now you can say well he's not doing much for the New York Jets but that's not a very good football team the New York Jets. Okay let's do Miami. Hello Miami. Yes sir. Hello. Yes I am. How are you doing Neil? Okay. How are you? Great. I have a few things I want to say first of all talking on the first topic of sports. I was born down here Miami with 72 school days and you know I've been a sports fan down here. I want to feel sports should be the respect the players should be respectful as a healthy sport not you know as a healthy atmosphere of not taking drugs don't drink and it's the topic of the hour more situation. I feel that you know there shouldn't be no violence in sports the people getting the sports especially with the finance that they make. There should be a role model to where there should be. He'd like Michael Irvin and Barry Bond. Barry Bond the Miami University Miami players all over the country Bobby Cox Warren Moon. Right right and you know especially with the violence of fighting but not speeding in a Lawrence for what is face yeah not speeding in a person's face that doesn't get the right look of the younger people that know. Yeah but what that's why I'd like to know what is it in sports that's going on with very few exceptions represents a role model the young people. I was talking to the other day about Alex Rodriguez with Seattle. I said if young kids want a role model there is somebody they are to look up to okay no drugs no problems no you know no public hanky panky that anybody has to know about whatever it is he just goes out there gets the job done he's a squeaky clean as a wheel and there's a role model for it but how many of this can you name today. Not too many I mean I have so much of like a set plan because I'm on the work on the way to to my office want to see a few things okay well my ones have some some role models and I guess to add it stands out the most as you have come out yeah but the problem at Jeff is he's a hell of a ball player and he's a good guy but he's boring people fight it boring would and I'll give you another guy hope for the melody. Dale Murphy with the brave so was there had all those great years with the brave's he was a great player he was squeaky clean used to milk spots but then he was too squeaky clean he was people considered him boring what he wants somebody to have a job. I'm not saying I want I'm just telling you what I feel is the problem why these are not the people that people talk about look at our panthers I mean John van B's broke Rob need a myr and yeah Scott melon be these are our squeaky but I played as we've already said the different breed right. Dale yes sir yeah we're a real quick though but I feel that Alomar should be suspended for the playoffs and five five games makes sure but yes somebody did a mistake and he won't do it again number two is the coaches are not the team down here okay yes it's great to have school it's great to have John and good luck Jimmy and everything but and also that we all come together we go to the to the to the games it games are on TV it's great but it's the money to spend or the players the players are the team not as much as the coaches. Well I'll agree to a point I mean obviously people go to games not to see Doug McLean behind the panther bench or Jim Leland and the Marlin Doug out but you need the Jimmy Johnson's the Leland's the Pat Riley's the Doug McLean's because they're proven winners. But this a plan of Johnson's great I don't think we're going anywhere with the heat the Marlins we have a few of you players away the Panthers I wish them like I'm not too much of hockey fan I'm gonna get into it and another thing that we to make it you know a long story short so I gotta get going I hope that the whole country comes together politically that not to change the subject but the cemetery in Miami disgusting what they did I wish I could secure myself out the time 24 hours a day that's all come together the ratio goes away and I have to go and thank you Neil okay Paul I'm a great there well you know good sentiments but again pie in the sky the country isn't gonna come together and things like that aren't gonna stop and we got a lot of heat mongers and a lot of little girls not gonna come to you and they're not gonna stop hating each other in the Middle East but if we lived in a perfect world hey it would be great but he does work in mysterious ways we have an open line in day seven five one we got a parent-brower five two four nine four six three we got a big parent-brower which is more than some people can say five two four nine four six three here is the South Miami hello hello yes sir I never called before I saw a program focused on South Florida this morning about discrimination in the workplace and the subject was on bilingual being bilingual and talking you know diverse languages yeah my problem is okay I'm like the average American person I was born and raised here just like many other people what does that have to do with what we're talking about okay so what do we come are we talking about sports or can we just talk about anything in general you know we're talking about sports I'm sorry we got a guest here who is not bilingual all we know there's a few frogs but have a great day pal what was that what the hell was that all about that wasn't the Ron and Ron listener was it got a we move it up in the world we have an open line in day seven five one nine four six three Jeff a remare from Quebec a frog well we might as well Tommy speak French there was a cultural story last time I was up in Toronto there was a story in a son about a Delhi a kosher Delhi in Montreal which has primarily obviously a Jewish or clientele but others as well and they had that thing about the signs about the bilingual signs and the province of Quebec and it come to fight out this Delhi which has been there for like two generations you know 50 years whatever and the signs in English as opposed to the French were too big bigger than the law allows permits and so some of the politicians there made a big stink about it and they forced them to like make the English part of the signs smaller and and now the English speaking people they're all bent out of shape because they think that they're caving in and they got this whole big just over this one poor guy running a delicate test and because the French in a Anglo file so called up there hate each other so the language laws but a problem in what they also see early 70s I moved there in 1977 and they had the first referendum shortly thereafter and the place has gotten to go to hell because I mean tell you it was one of the great cities in the 60s and even for expo 67 or the 50s in the 60s even for expo 67 the world's fair was there and it was a great city but all the major corporations that had their corporate head offices in Montreal all had to move out because of the bilingualism and Montreal is just a ghost town now just a ghost town and even imagine what we had the decrement on at last last talkie season and I didn't know how he responded with but boy he shouldn't back away from it even in the hockey team on Montreal Canadians boy if you got a captain on that team who's not a French a frog you got problems and and that's the way they're operating that team it's the French speakers against the English which is really pathetic and now they've got a French speaking King captain who they're trying to trade you don't want to be captain of the Montreal Canadian exertion is a guy they're trying to get rid of right now either they say at least Mario Tromble that's where's problem is my my apologies to Doug McClellan who says get off the coaches but let me tell you that Tromble does not like Tershon and Tershon is being shopped around and maybe today you'll tell us that real story about stuff on reshade but I doubt it maybe you're the bread in the shanhand 1056 at WIOD Kendall Toyota the biggest best in the world baby if you want a great Toyota this is the place they've sold over 135,000 new cars and they're still going strong go in here and see why for yourself is it the great service is it the fantastic selection is it the one price selling with the lowest price in the world right there on a windshield so no pressure no hygiene snow games just great deals all the way around it's probably a combination of all of the above and the good news for you right now is that all the new 97 Toyota's are in there right now brand new 97 cameras 97 Corolla's 97 4 runners are AV 4's they got them all at unbeatable prices so no matter what anybody else tells you I guarantee a Kendall Toyota will give you the lowest price and the best deal all the way around on that new Toyota of your choice Kendall Toyota the easy to find right there on U.S. one just out the daydland talk in entertainment radio 610 WIOD Miami Fort Latterio okay 1058 WIOD RIMMA is with us today the panthers are leaving what about 230 guys you're all dirty this afternoon the guys will be listening on their way I can assure you that okay so probably between 230 and three reconcers will tell I'd brand in shanhand story okay here's a mobile in the in Lake Worth hello yes sir as you go and green a great show Jeff thank you listen Jeff I've listened to you on TV and senior and I listen to you on Neil show a lot and I've flipped over to QAM a couple times and not to rehash any of this but I think you got a lot more class than the fat homster I really do and that's my opinion I think I think he just verbally attack you I don't know for what reason and I really don't want to get into that but I I just think you have a lot more class than him and I like your comment excuse me I said thank you for your comment okay you gotta take it to hats oh haha you're not kidding you're not kidding you're not full and me you know I'm really peo and I call that woman yesterday yes and I left her all blanched yeah I got the number as you gave out and I called because I'm unfortunately I'm under the cable strain there are the TCI spell yeah yeah and unfortunately I can't just run out and go get a dish right at this moment right you know I've got a lot of financial things going on but I am gonna get one sooner or later not just get your neighbors to call TCI I do I'm sure you don't got a lot of people to you I think it's just totally ridiculous I think it's a bunch of crap I mean I don't need to watch the food channel I don't need to watch the Haitian station I want to watch the hotman these guys are standing up yeah well I guess Neil I guess Neil yesterday hits some well some pressure points because you got a phone call as you alluded to earlier again phone call people you got a phone call over there from the Cheryl Blanchetta guess is what I call came and the fact that they would call and complain indicates I have a lot of people must have been calling for getting out the political bulk crap that's going on about sunshine and yeah but we can forget it but they're not going to the problem what about you know it's like it's a slap in the face of the customer and unfortunately I can't go out in the ceremony I've cut the cable today I can't do that financially at this point so I am under you know they're dressed you know I mean but you know something they're only they're only as forced tolling the obvious because the marlins are gonna be on there the Panthers got 65 games this season gonna be on there the Jimmy Johnson show the Marine show all these shows are gonna be on there the Doug McCleain show that all the stuff here is gonna be on sports channel Florida so they're only postponing the inevitable TCI sooner or later and hopefully sooner they're gonna have to cave in and put it on here because it's gonna have too much stuff on there that the public wants to see and it's gonna take more than just the sports fans or the hockey fan or the baseball fan it's gonna take collectively all the people that are on that system to let them know because right now they're bragging that only 10 percent of their subscribers are calling in and complaining that's crap and another thing you know like you said and I can't even see the Jimmy Johnson show right right shows are on there I mean this is so far I can understand if it's a station up in New York trying to be down to here and want to show us the Rangers or the Jet it's different straight this is all down and it's just crap and I'm well I guess I'm test keep up keep pushing the calls man hey Jeff I'm so I won't be able to see you tomorrow night but good luck and have a good one while we're looking forward to season and hopefully sooner than later as Neil says they cave in and they give the people what they want here at self-lora and that is sports channel Florida here's a lady in Miami hello well my point is totally gone now because fortunately you stop talking about the umpires and the baseball and everything else we haven't stopped talking about anything we're talking about whatever you want to talk about because I just accept her bilingualism I'm just so tired hearing about these these um um um um pires who basically are really trying to kill the game I they're trying to show that they're more powerful than baseball and that really picks me off I don't think they're trying to show that they're more powerful than baseball what they're trying to do is make a statement on behalf of John Hershbeck they're trying to stay together and they know bottom line as I said here in the last 15 minutes they know bottom line they're going to go into court and Philadelphia and the judge is going to rule them back to work it's going to happen later today but what kind of officiating are you going to have with umpires who are that kicked off well they're going to do their job well I'm going to tell you something the umpires have got a lot of problems and when John McSherey keyel over and died from a heart attack and opening day in Cincinnati that just the outlet did was just reinforced the fact was you know for years but nobody ever talked about that a lot of these guys are out of shape Eric Greg went up there to Duke University on the rice diet lost 60 pounds I don't know where he lost it because he was behind the plate last night in Atlanta Dodger game and he still thinks to join out he's still bigger than a house out of shape and his is officiating is horrendous how much money did they make they make good money they do yes they do I mean because are they uh they could make you know to me it seems like they're irritated with the fact that they're not making as much money as the players I've seen a lot of allows it calls in the past year not just in baseball we saw a couple in the Dodger game last night about all the bottom of the night fitting I mean I'm a Dodger fan and I was I was very very angry it's a situation know where the bothers me about the officials and they're going to make mistakes be it hockey football we saw a big mistake in the Monday night football game what about the jet state oh well just want to talk about unfriendly unconscionable unconscionable mistake and then for them to come out two days later and say well we made a mistake doesn't mean I'll be I mean I have a suggestion but no one will listen to it because I'm a woman but if they would say to the coaches okay you have three times that you can say I want the game stopped and I want that well they did that during the preseason but unfortunately they're not doing it during the regular season that it makes a mockery out of the game and you have games you already had that you already had that one game you had that one game decided by an uh officials mistake and you're going to have more of those before the season is over and it's thanks it's a thing when you're going to pay that kind of money to go out and support a team to watch your team play and then they're going to want to bluesing a game based on somebody's uh bonehead collar the fact that nobody's got the balls to make the right call which in that case they had a conference that went on long after the effect was over uh it's very it's hardening what's the point yeah and then did you see that other game I can remember which thing was where the official was standing in the way the ball hit him on the head well maybe that was an omen have a great day there again I I I we're all human beings we will all make mistakes but what bothers me is an especially in baseball is this uh provoking by officials and on pires and in the case of her speck again Robert Alamar or burdo Alamar is uh is a class act he what he did was classless but obviously he was provoked and if it was a video love for what you have to work about looking to video because any uh and especially channel 7 just turned it on there for five minutes and even if they're talking about the war in the middle east or whatever whatever the topic is no seriously they have shown that 50 thousand times in the last 24 hours just over and over and over and over again and of course the more that they show it the more it insights the public and more you see the actual act of spitting in somebody's face the more it aggravates well that's disgusting and you know people are basically almost unanimously on the aside of the um parts except for the fact they don't believe they should walk out no and uh I would think at this point that despite going to court today that the um pires will be on the field tonight I hope that's a coconut grove hello yes uh Neil hmm first time calling great show except when you get into the sports talk business yeah and I feel like it's gonna be time to tune you out until after the hockey season yeah you you know you tell us when we call up that we can talk about what we want to you know you'll you'll lament about the fact that we don't let me ask you something let me ask you this how many guests do I have on a show how often do I have a guest appreciate that yeah I appreciate the fact that rumors on and you want to talk to river and you guys are doing sports for two hours yeah well if you want to talk about something else why can't we do it between noon and two well I mean a guy called just a few minutes ago wanted to talk about something else if I have a coin and you know something if remember weren't here I still wouldn't do what I was this to kind of show I would discuss bilingualism well no and it's but maybe you're being syndicated in Montreal yeah yeah maybe I'm up there with a frog well I would do spegg so in other words you just call to complain again you have nothing to contribute you just call to complain oh no I would have something to contribute but all you want to do is talk about sports talk and I think that you is it's it's it's validates a position that I have to tell you that I don't particularly can't listen to the Neil Rogers show when it's nothing but sports talk yeah well listen to sports talk this QAM I mean there's this other places to go I'm going to this for you want to hear if you want to hear a bunch of pimply face kids talking about what they think they don't want to sports that's QAM for the most part so go I'll give you some time go maybe you can find Andrews Asinwoods good luck pound get out of here two open lines in date seven five of what that last cigar killer I may remember I have to take over the show may have to cancel a broadcast two open lines in date seven five one W. I. O. D. we have an open line in Broward five two four nine four six three here's West Palm Beach hello Neil yes sir I do and okay first off Jeff you're total class not to have to Neil Neil's two pound of Hank's level thank you I have more spec you by wherever you go by what you don't do and whatever you could do I think the play-tum player has way too much power I mean I saw I didn't watch the game I was watching over time they replayed over time passes game right and yeah and by flashback to see the score was I saw one pitch in the Dodgers game that wasn't even close to the plate and he called I know exactly when you're talking about it was about two feet outside not just the whole outside I think Eric Greg called the pitch is struck that you couldn't hit with two bed slats tied together and I'm again I'll say you can't be right on every pitch but when you're so wrong I mean when you've been trained for this when you've been doing it for years and yet when the quality of your work is so inconsistent and so slipshot it makes a joke out of the game exactly I have been the two more of his my wife in fact I'll tell you who was it was Ryan Custico because I remember him walking away and getting up in Greg's face for a second then walking away you know figuring he don't need to get suspended either but it was unbelievable that was I that's just kind of typified baseball form and I saw that and said that I don't find it is that much power that he just you know in the game of this important and that course score he called him it's that's crazy but I don't know just watching the Panther replay off the game and goosebumps after you know being there and you know it's about third time scene but that was some kind of game I kind of what's your appetite for the start of the season oh I've got the midst of opening night I've got to work we've got to we run hot to leave the peers all until we go but I'm dying I can't wait to get back I just hope they haven't I hope they haven't put too much pressure on joven out he solders every time I hope a paper got full page picture of my front and guy is only what 20 years old well good for joven oski and they may be bad for joven oski is that he is the guy that's when you talk about the Florida Panthers aside from John Van B's broke people start talking about and this is going to be his second year he's obviously got a lot to learn he says it himself and this is going to be a more difficult year for joven oski because not unlike the entire team more is going to be expected of him and the the opposition is going to be getting for a little more than they were last year kind of reminds him Reno and a bit when Reno took him to the football rat tree got there and all of a sudden we're going every year and then what happened I mean I hope the guy that doesn't have expectations are going to be high he's not really high he's young I hope it doesn't affect the mentally or he'll be fine yeah okay Neil hey great show Neil talk much more than he wants to do the other guys okay thanks a lot yeah don't worry about these other guys they're listening and they just called you know oh why are you talking about this and then of course if we were talking about this and you brought up 75 of those things which I do most mornings they don't call anyway so what what difference does it I got news for you this this story and you talk about channel 7 and over and over and over and over and over and showing the video this story transcends sports and on every new show in in every market all they've talked about are the Empire situations been the lead story was lead story last night yeah and on on the major news right across the country and especially we get you know Jim Leeland one of the most popular and most love managers in baseball and a long time he's coming here he's not going to Boston he's not going to California or Chicago he's coming here that's great I mean there are a lot of really profound things going on today the umpires are threatening to walk out again this afternoon so this is what's going on okay if you can find something else going on here we find a few bodies in the street I'd love to hear what it is and as far as bilingualism is concerned polyvou your rectum here's a Hollywood hello yes sir listen I have to agree with your second left call it yeah you show space today yeah so why you're still listening well well because I like this and you all right so in other words even so in other words even if the show stinks you'll still be listening so what happens is I will yeah yeah no I probably will yeah after after you're done hearing a side of your own voice you'll turn me up blow it out your ass idiot probably another one of Hank's boyfriend's open line in date 7519463 751 rectum and an open line in the abrower line 524 he wouldn't know Andrew's ass in the woods if he found it here is a sunrise hello okay I remember the on or a one one once every couple months yeah we got a relish of time responding together that's right I do an economic time hey listen it is based on thing if it was at the first game I see it needed this how long you think it would be before the appeals process went through and all that and he would descend the hand it down well number one he dropped his appeal and the only reason these guys it's happened all the time that these players are suspended the only reason why he appealed in any other player appeals is to delay the suspension for convenient time but there is a precedent and that is if players are going to be suspended it's for regular season play but we've seen so many times a base brawl if you will and and the player will appeal his suspension and that all the sudden hill of pitch in the previous game or hit a home run in the previous game and all of a sudden he's dropping his appeal and beginning his suspension immediately but there is no precedent for suspensions to take place during the playoffs during the postseason and it wasn't going to happen in this case and the empires know it but again to rally around her spec they're making a statement there's no precedent for suspensions to the postseason all right well i think he should uh this uh time up when right now oh you'd like him to sit out now yes you if you thought it was pretty uh rude and crude what about being provoked look at it from his side okay a lot of people are provoked and it's been time in jail for you know like you get how many guys how many guys of you let me ask you this how many guys of you ever known to spend time in jail for spitting on the song i'm talking another case is like guys provoked in the street and we're not talking about robbering all our work talking about in any sporting event where there's a level of intensity like there is in baseball or hockey or football where that's level of intensity and where there's a major disagreement and tempers flare uh and granted you don't see this very often thank goodness how long have you been watching baseball but wait a minute but we're talking about the potential for somebody doing something in in the heat of uh and where he didn't take out a knife and sluice uh neck he didn't hit him and he didn't punch him in the face and then like Jeff says how do you know what happened to provoking him and nobody seems to care about that yeah why i got to say okay how far how far how far do you push somebody before you expect them to respond or you expect they might respond and especially when you know we can't hit him he can't punch him he can't push him he can't shove him right what else was he gonna do if he was provoked to that point okay his team got in on the last game of season wasn't it yeah he hit the home right no one the game right so a Saturday last Saturday right every game during the season was just as important as he's playoff game how do they differ just because you're playing for the world series each game was him just as important to them because it got in on the very last well that that's that's ridiculous a minute to take the county once you get to the postseason you can especially in the short series in a three out of five you can't say every game during the regular season is important let me ask you this question how many fall of baseball uh ever since the blue jays went in the tronic that's them from all your from Toronto yeah all right how many times did you buy high don't may don't ever haul off in a quick somehow back how many times did you see a manager and i'm thinking in terms of of the earth reaver in ball the more billy martin and Texas or or New York with the Yankees kicked dirt in the alpires face uh auction alpire bumping alpires pardon me that's too much dirt they should be called farmers all right well when you think that uh some of those actions were just as bad as Roberto alamarce and i'm not condoning what he did but he's snapped and was provoked why think one is a little more disgusting than the other and uh you know i think it could dirt kick him was allowed because i think uh that's as far as he should go now you never seen one of our reaver's tirades in ball the more when he was managing uh the Orioles before ever being enshrined in the hall of famous last august some of the stuff that he did was not very classy either okay with all the soup all maybe they should put something in the rule board to send us straight now on that's a good idea and it wasn't for maybe maybe he used a real commissioner to so we don't have to go through this that's the biggest problem with baseball k-pal all right the police go by we have an open line in the broad part in fact that's going to be our slogan in Toronto this year go leave school will pack you a sandwich it's 11 16 at wio d yeah don't just don't go too far go in mahamilton would be good we'll come and visit once in a while and i'm selling hamble you know that and they were always always have a sellout you saw that especially the other night who was it was it the settler said there's not any other city anywhere that could have had Harold ballard and so many nightmares for so many years and still sold out every night but they love their leaves yes we do attention south lord if you're expensive air conditioning repair estimate has you hot under the collar have no fear you can do it yourself for the expert guidance of athletic air conditioning supply you'll say 50 60 even 70 percent off of the cost of air conditioning repair companies a typical $2,000 air conditioning replacement can be done for as little as 600 bucks if you do it yourself a $300 repair you can do for under a hundred bucks call 73 356 36 for athletic air conditioning supply let their do it yourself centers experience staff taking through every step for minor repairs to equipment replacement you'll be amazed at how simple most jobs really are do it yourself with it like supplies up you're going to save yourself a ton of money they've got everything you need to get you cooling right away now with two locations during pop at obiq and in lauderdalex column today at 733 56 36 and do it yourself with the expert guidance of athletic air conditioning supply column now at 733 56 36 rocket entertainment radio 610 W i o d oh my god if you play a golden game gonna fall off okay it's 11 i t and w i o d here's a lady in Miami hello good morning gentlemen yes man uh somebody's people that call they don't like hockey all they have to do is go to a one hockey game in the fall of love with it now they weren't saying they don't like hockey they don't like sports period they what they do like we don't know but they definitely don't like whatever we're talking about but i listen to your show a time and you talk about baseball football whatever you know whatever you listen you're gonna gain some knowledge from something see on this show i talk about whatever is going on and right now we got the the season hockey season starts tonight of the baseball players are going on right now we got a new manager in Miami on a plane coming here right now we got all the umpires walking out i mean what else is going on that anybody else is talking about are we gonna talk about yes or air effect and BB net in the ahoo and about how there may be peace in the middle east if we lived another 10 thousand years but we doubt it right finally we'll listen they're in bilingualism that's a Monday we'll do that we'll bring in Sandy Piedon okay mr. Rimmer yes so still count anybody else is a level you know you're doing great great to hear you back again i like your broadcast broadcast i just want to hear you when we make one those great goals you have to come up with some lines some new lines oh my god oh this is great like jumping jelly bean yeah put a little spice in it okay hold the bat all right okay listen i went on one of those Kathy crew's little band is now you're talking i went on one of those Kathy crew's is unfortunately i had a late sitting for dinner and after the waiters finished dancing with the dessert the world couples on fire run down to the main floor there's a crew's like two over two thousand people i go the TV the big screen TV to have on there's two people sitting there watching the hockey game yeah i started talking with them they're from Detroit miss again and we start talking about the panthers in the red wings of so on so on so about 15 minutes after talking the the wife things over she says to me her two brothers play in the national hockey league i said what his two brothers so it was hatcher dairy hatcher was his name mark hatcher mark hatcher that's what his name was oh mark when that guy stood up he is big as his brothers are marks bigger mark mark mark played in ball the board in the american hockey league and it's bigger than Kevin and Darian and understand now he's about three hundred pounds right he a big guy yeah so that was this is a matcher to you mister hatcher to you mister hatcher to you so that was a real need thing to meet somebody that i liked that so but we're the only ones with two thousand people watching the hockey game there that's great yeah so go panthers and thanks a lot okay have a great day care but yeah we sure don't want no violence in hockey all today you're as formidable with with on half four for those cats in front with the five one in the back of life and no flop here maybe the get it for the four years apart losing all my things up on that legie for sure he's in and the panthers lead what come out by all peke caucic see if he would just would have said bow all peke caucic you know be more memorable you know she Rachel Alexander's now in Washington yeah hockey beat writer for the Washington post yeah isn't that a frightening story about journal you're isolated america here's the same woman i was talking about dugma claim getting petition signed in uh... some aside in pe i by timhorton who owns the local donut shop timhorton who used to play for the least in the sabers have been dead for over twenty years uh... has the biggest his wife owns the biggest chain of uh... donut shops all over Canada timhorton's donuts and she's just you know it goes to show you getting a little bit information is dangerous when you have no idea what you're talking about i went to the park she didn't get a job on qa m i went to uh... summer side pe i obviously with the panther training camp and i went to that timhorton's donuts and i was looking for timh but uh... hey after an hour i kind of got the hinty wasn't going to show up how about foster he would he might have been there uh... here's uh... hollywood hello yes sir hey how you don't today okay sir hello Neil and hold a river and hello you all right uh... two things i wanted to touch on basically with baseball that's a baseball my life and i was in a minor league for a while and uh... how high up did you get uh... say lissie met play for a couple years in uh... dropped out had a family in that and uh... but uh... you know what's really just part of baseball is uh... last year i went to last game of season took my four kids and uh... that's my fault but uh... they wouldn't even look at you and a bullpen they wouldn't even look at you giving autograph or anything else that's really disheartening for the kids and everything else you know and this was last year last year and i took the last game this year too and uh... same thing it was like uh... you know i changed my attitude again as well with the kids are going to take them in her and else and i don't i don't think they have any any sense that the kids are more important than uh... especially last game of the year without a doubt and you know what uh... i thought that baseball i thought baseball made a concerted effort last year after uh... the long uh... lock out and the strike and baseball and and a guy probably that exemplified uh... the way baseball player should be as cal ripkin i hate to talk about a guy that uh... i was around for ten years and ball the more but the fact the matter is if you remember while he was still chasing a new gary record for consecutive games which is now surpassed he went out of his way to spend a half an hour either before batting practice or after batting practice at every city that he went to to sign autographs and baseball the players association even said we've got to get back to the grassroots we've got to let the fans know that we've got nothing but time for a minute and that's got to disheartening to be a one when you take four kids to a whole game you know i make four years uh... a year or whatever but that's besides the point when you take a kid to a game or whatever it's disheartening if i go there i'm gonna spend a hundred dollars easy you know and uh... when they can't even get the risk of you make it you make it you're going to be a good point to now just to get in the ball game the average person can't afford to go very often right that's right and and then to talk off adding insult to injury if you want somebody's autograph while uh... come and see me at the uh... at the card show and out you for seventy five bucks i'll give you an autograph you know you're gonna represent when i play semi-pro full i mean you know i want out of my way to uh... and i was nobody you know i'm saying but it's not the point the thing is you were there in they made a point of it that even in say listen to the mess they made a point of it to to please the fans and everything yeah but i don't see that i don't see that i think that's really hurt in all thing you know it don't disheartening it just disheartening the kids and that's really just me and uh... how you doing it great great how's he'll done great he's still smoking at stovies still has puffed on it i can now pick that tool up a senior well is there any way you can get uh... you're on a graph in his autograph and a bumper stick a man here whatever you want uh... come down a little while man it was marty ok fifty bucks eight no problem you think me to lunch okay marty i'd like to go by why not i could never charge for an autograph i'm like we've heard that's my opinion for news talk radio six ten w i o d but break who wanted okay we have an open line of broad five two four nine four six eight four autograph we see we got a cart for everything okay we got something and wait to see the news setup we're gonna have how you get all these all these carts uh... carded over and obviously it'll all be on computer right right that'll be awesome it'll be a project but everything's gonna be in the uh... you won't believe it the stuff we're gonna be able to do in fact uh one of the things we discovered in that three sixty which is a little uh... machine that's got all the buttons on the far away quick drop in we've got the various gunsons which i would probably appropriate for my bob green tribute on two dear Wednesday whatever's their first day in that studio are you getting a target are you huh and it starts out of course with the son of the son of the gum cocking him in and of course there's an unlimited number of i think it would like uh... variety of ways so anyway it's eleven twenty seven at w they won't take it for a signal of course at w i would be there's some realities in today's world that need to be addressed like the safety of you in your family that's why liquid bullet is a product you should know about liquid bullet is small state of the art defense weapon that uses a high powered chemical stream that is eighty times more powerful than mace but it's still safe to keep in a house with children so while it's effective as a gun it's lots safer trust me liquid bullet reaches up to a twenty feet circle of defense it leaves you attack or help us for up to twenty minutes but there no after effects the liquid bullet can be concealed in the palm of your hand attached your key ring they have car units home units too liquid bullet can even work on vicious animals so and they also don't forget you get a free lifetime refill so when you're ready for a state of the art protection for you and your family check this out liquid bullet for more information about how to find liquid bullet or if you'd like to order it with your credit card just call that number one eight eight eight eight L bullet that's one eight eight eight L B U L L E T dealers and distributors welcome to call rocket entertainment radio stick to W i O D okay we don't like what you're doing today we're gonna turn it off pretty soon okay just keep saying that man you couldn't turn this you off if somebody held a gun to your it's eleven thirty one of your way or spit in your post exactly or call you a douchebag here's West Palm Beach hello yeah Neil yes sir hey listen did you hear the homster last night no I listen the homster um he's made in the tank on the river oh that's unusual yeah and I haven't I take can I play for you my father well I thought you might be interested what does he say I'll play it yeah sounds good okay we have an open line of zay seven five one one on the green line what eight hundred what do you say oh yeah that's my new for him here's Haley a hello hey how you doing Neil okay sir first I want to thank the Lord that Foccicee starts tonight oh three months too long yep second thing I want to comment on was about my cable company and I I understood earlier in the week somebody said to me that you you were publicly broadcasting the phone number for the direct line to see if yes sir Colorado can you give it to me again please okay the best number in Denver is um two it's area code three oh three two six seven five five oh oh and the guy to talk to his name is Jed Palmer okay yeah but uh and if people want to call Cheryl Blanchette at the local which is probably wasted time it's nine five four it's a Broward number seven two three I'm just given this out for anybody else nine five four seven two three seventy one thirty eight and okay wait for the time because I've called up numerous times and so is my boss we all have TCI and they really think yeah um I'm not it's not it's not it's a they want you to think that it's a waste of time maybe call him locally will be but if you keep calling her corporate headquarters out there in Denver it is not gonna be a waste of time if enough people call and keep calling and drive them up the wall and that because if you just sit back and wait uh who knows if you're ever gonna get it they're delaying the inevitable and the more people the more people that call and talk to them at the corporate office I think the more they'll get the message that it's not just Panther hockey fans but everybody wants uh TCI to pick up sports channels there's all kinds of programming in addition to the hockey program which you exactly it includes the Panther games the Doug McLean show there's the NFL show that Jimmy Johnson show there's a pre-game show there'll be a Jim Monday night show a witch show Jim Leeland show there'll be a Jim Leeland show there'll be a Jim Leeland show there'll be a Jim Leeland show there'll be a Jim Leeland show there'll be a one for you to baseball season show that yeah done deal also that when you come at that on Timmy Horton's doing that I wasn't when I was up in Edmonton uh you want to go I told you why I kept looking for Timmy too with Ian and show up yeah a lot of people been waiting for him yeah call brewer said he's waiting to read tonight with him but uh it's a long way one day we got to bring in the Ouija board maybe we can bring there you go Jimmy back thanks Rodney oh you have a great big back to you it was our luck Harold Ballard show up we have two open lines and both seven dollars huh I love Darrell but you would have liked this guy you would have but hey listen to me I know he screwed up the leaves for what a great guest on a talk show and the Leafs and Montreal this when I was living just let's surprise Michael Sque making money Apple to the sky The time is so chill, wanted And the apple will be the quiet The apple will be the quiet Wait, wait, wait O teacher won't you tell me And I really made the race And my health might flash Or am I just another asshole Oh, I'm afraid No, God I'm so hungry I'm so hungry Get the order And I'm so broke to both And so little lessons As asshole gets a full Rectrum I want to sort of spend I know that's so never die I just made me bad And I'm so cry As awesome morning As all the nights As all the left and left As asshole get a play As funny sound as asshole As asshole get a play As dumb aside You need to be with asshole Oh, I'm afraid I'm afraid Alright, 104 WID thanks River Was okay in my book And there we go There off to Philadelphia And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And there's a lot of people And I guess that guy wasted some more time But I wanted to know if you heard the comment This morning concerning again The Alamore incident But Charles got Oscar report No. Okay, I thought it was pretty interesting Because he said that he had a way to get back That the um, um, hard to get back To Alamore just by letting him play But every time he got up to bat No matter where the picture is thrown To call it as a strike They've already done this with guys This is uh, there's nothing new Because there's too much spotlight on now Right. They've done it quietly And the past where they've, you know, squeezed the uh, squeezed Pitchers or where they've expanded the strike zone With batters, but uh, there's too many people watching now Right. But I mean, to get their point across They really could do it And let me say it again It would never get away with it It would, it would create such a black mark On the umpires and with millions of people watching During the playoffs Yeah. That it would, they never recover from it Hmm, was an interesting thought, so The report was good. I thought I don't agree that the report is good. First of all It's nothing new. It's and they've Paloontox about in this book at length Which is written years ago as much as I like Charles Osgood And secondly, it's uh, it's unacceptable It's like saying, well, we're going to We're going to make a mockery of the game Because we're pissed off because the guy did something Cool and grotesque and uh, vulgar Right. Right. It's just not acceptable Right. You're right. Anyway, just so I The past on the inflation Okay. So we don't have the right thing Open line a day at 7519463 751 Wild and One in Broward 524213 lines 1809449463 1809444 you know the rest Here's a Davy. Hello Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay sir How do I wait for over an hour? I want to say a little grimmer Hi, remember? He's gone I'm a first time call or I wanted to You know that you got me into hockey Uh last season I was listening to you talk about hockey And decided to go down to a game and Of going to about four or five games last year Beautiful. And uh it's an incredible sport I'm 30 years old. I was never into hockey And it's just it's so easy just to get wrapped up And it's so exciting right compared to Baseball which I used to be a big fan of Now it's kind of gotten boring But the hockey is just incredible And I just want to let you know that I just want to reward all the Panther fans out there I have a couple of restaurants one of them I think you've been to and I want to give 10% off to all Panther fans for the Home Month of October. Have you ever heard of the LJ Diner? No. Oh I have one in Davy And one in Margate. I thought you'd been there No. No. Well I want to anybody out there Who says their pants are paying It's 10% off for the whole month of October Because I'm just I'm just really in love with hockey And I just want to pump up the Panther fans out there Okay. All right. Take care Neil. You're great All right. Bye bye. Open line in day 751 WI would be going in Broward 5249463 And two on the green lines where you got to Reprieve again. Boca and West Palm and all Those go in up there. They got another Reprieve because once we moved into the studios We still got the green lines. What would I Feed without the green lines when you come right down to it Plus it. That's it. Here's a mobile and Highly. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. He's on Love with the Panthers. He just needs business real bad. Well both maybe one of the above. In any case as far as The Alamore situation. Yeah I don't agree with the empires. I mean I don't I don't agree with what they're doing But you got I think that's what they're doing Is to get their point across it that something like that never happens again Because everybody's saying while Alamore is a classy guy But at that moment he's not being classy. Yeah. I mean You're not a murderer until you murder someone. Yeah. And I mean you know you never see an up high I don't but I still don't see what the hysteria about This is I mean it was a vulgar thing because there's Somebody spit in your face you'd be freaking out too. I wouldn't like it but it wouldn't be the end of the world. No but I mean you do something about it if it was in your power. Like what? I mean but I sure thought wouldn't Take it sitting down. Yeah. And like I'm saying Um fires as a as a brother with whatever Dolly want to call it. Yeah and that's why you know It was this guy's an entertaining guy and I'm glad where I'm glad we're more got him on. But I knew right up front That he he's not going to knock uh he's He's part of the empire fraternity. He's on the same Crew with her specter in your regular season. He American League. So this guy's not going to come on he will knock Herespeck or uh It's not a question of not going to anybody Is that if they let this go by or if they don't you know Make a big deal about it. I mean I'm about how big of a deal they got to make about it. I don't know like is I don't like you live on it. How much dirt does it make? How much dirt does it? How much dirt does it? I have to kick in where the Paris pants are into his face or on his uniform before they Make a big deal about that. That's been going on for years. And I hear and I hear it's he I will guarantee you that When Leo dero's sure and stanky in some of those guys And Billy Martin were face to face with umpires. I'll guarantee that there was there was saliva they didn't do it The way that Alamar did but I hear it. There was saliva flowing back and forth That's it. So we're right in each other's face. That's right. And nobody ever said it's been mad when you talk The one thing is to take a correction so high when you're driving Your mouth like you. Somebody's face. We have better rain the way Alamar did it. It's true in any case. You know I just I kind of like I'm I'm told between you. I don't think either side should hurt the Game to try to get their point. That's what I'm saying. I think you know let them resolve it They're own way whatever they want to do but stop screwing the game A baseball because it's already on his last legs. And the fans are the ones that can be screwed right. I use you. Let's get the playoffs in the serious over and then The Alparis can lock the Alamar and a Roman beat him up or something But we don't care but just get the games going And closing the all is asshole that just called them They're complaining about talking about hockey for what an hour or two Yeah, well we have to always hockey fans have to put up with a Bokehrap football talk in a station 99.9% on the top right So they don't like it. They can kiss my ass. Football and boxing man enough with it already. Unbelievable. Have a great day. Two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two Two upper lines and others are real good sport boxing. That's a good Save report that all you guys could enjoy the ones that you can all Ben out of shape about somebody's spitting in the Empire's face. There's a good save report with nothing but really respectable people And involved both in the ring and outside people like Don King people And ever stole a freight train real good fights that look real Fishy at best and ripping you off from your heart earn money But hey nobody cares about that 751 Wiod we got two open lines in date. Here's a lady mobile and Cruel Springs hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. I wanted to weigh in on the Robert Roberto Alamar situate. Oh, here we go. Well, there's one thing I don't understand and I heard in a way. I heard in interview with a sub Steel like the commissioner or acting. Yeah, the make believe can make you right. I know But why are the employers like you said making such a big deal about it when they Know full well that the contract between the last labor Grimmett the rule very clear they don't get suspended playoff games It's only for regular season game right. Steel is got no authority to suspend him for the playoff and they know that they can't go out on strike anyway And right and which Jimmy you heard Jimmy King just say before he knew that They were going to have to go back to work. Right. So what are they doing They're they're trying to win public public. Soon for the as if it really makes any Difference I mean well, what's what's the point? What difference does it make what's Side the public is on. Yeah, they have no influence over it. We want to see based on right. We want to see major. Those people are Interested at now during the playoffs in the series. Those people want to see the Games. They don't give a crap about to anymore and a lot of the people are all Worked up about this are people keep seeing this on channel 7 10 million times An hour and so right away their experts into something for them to talk about And they're not even baseball fans. I don't care who's calling the balls and strikes Take the college on pires and put them up there. They can call the game. No, I don't I don't agree with that. You don't play a hundred 62 games season to get to the playoffs So you can make a mockery out of the game. I mean it's just foolish. We all know that they have to go to work. There's no choice in the matter. They find in those strike Agreements and they're going and the court said they were going and they knew The court would say they're going. They're not going to suspend that one more for the playoffs because they can't. So you know, let's get on with the game. Right. Amen. I'm with you. Thanks, Neil. Okay, see you. Yeah, let's get this stuff going and cut the crap already. Not you people are so psychotic because Somebody spit in somebody's face. One of the mildest defenses that can happen in America on a regular basis in a country where people shoot each other over Park and spot where we have drive by shootings. Nobody cares about that. But boy, somebody spit in somebody's face. Yeah, now you're talking. Now you're really getting me pissed off, baby. Oh, all right. Right back at you. Boy, boy, what I like I said yesterday and I'll repeat it again today. The public gets caught up and whatever the hype is, whatever the media gets everybody whipped up into our friends about whether it's OJ, whether it's a spit-non-European post, whatever it is, the public just doodifully comes along like a button like this is the most important devastating thing that's ever happened. In the meantime, the people at the NTSB and everybody else keeps lying every day and holding press conferences and lying about this plane that went down all these people like, oh, killed nobody cares about that. And let me tell you Robert Francis, take your bald headed posts and give it a rest already. We're sick and tired of seeing you and all these BS stories already. Well, yeah, God, just like I told you, you'll never hear the real story from your government about that to you. 115 WI would. Rick Riley, I'm sorry. Once 17 at WI, day hey, well listen, I'm you know, Adams and here already getting into a big, verbal battle with everybody on the behead. Let Rick fight his own fight. Okay, and I was wrong about that the poll. We took the other river grew at least a tiny pair before Rick ever even thought about it. He's got to be upset. Well, too bad. We got a project to do okay here, Mr. and we got to grab it by our own hands because we got nobody directing it. You know what I'm talking about? We got nobody directing it. Here's Stewart. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Mr. Stewart, sir. Ben connection boy. You got a bad home on his phone. And Wayne is pouring up here. Okay. I heard the kill and that it's directing he does have the panthers or it's a common either tomorrow or very soon, but it's coming. So upgrade now? I would. I want the panthers. Say bye. A truck going by. Good. A camera's the riders. Okay. Bye. Good phone. Wow. What a hom job on that phone. Open line on the green line. 1-800-944-9463. Here's the Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Gone. Tamarack is gone. That's good. That's a good empty spot on the map. Good place for it. Open line of Broward 524. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I live up in Tamarack. Yeah. And we have ICS up there. You have what? ICS. You're here in there? What tell is that? Table. Never heard of it. Yeah. Well, they've never heard of the Panthers either because we don't have it. And ICS. ICS. I have the A-hundred number right here. Yeah. And I thought Tamarack 5 was all TCI. Well, that's our other choice. What do you mean your other choice? We have either TCI or ICS. I never heard of ICS. I don't think anybody else did. I don't know if they're affiliated or what, but. I'm affiliated with what? With TCI. I sure doubted. Well, I don't know, but they, um, I called them and they didn't know anything about anything. It's not like they didn't know anything about anything. Well, that's good. Have a good time with them. Open line in day 751. All Brother, Brother. What about Antonio about cable for years, huh? And all of a sudden you're getting stuck at, oh, why do we do now? You're crying on my shoulder. Like I haven't been talking about this for like ever, forever and ever and ever. Here's Davy on a purple line. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay. Hey, this is only 19 minutes. That's pretty good. 19 minutes. Wait. Yeah. Not bad. Yeah. Well, we can't even start over again. Top of the hour. Yeah. Hey, what was that? Let me just, you know, be a little stuck up action later for you, but all they spell needs to do is extend this debate. We'll use another couple of thousand cents per stadium. Say what? All days, all needs to do is extend this debate a little longer. Right. And that's right. And then they can pose the right thing. Just shut down altogether. You're right. I mean, you know, last year's strike, what did that do to the baseball and just about put it in the, in the, at the end of the year, the, in the middle of the year. That's right. Those people are real intelligent. Yeah. So, they've got to say, and the suck abation is that you know, sports is at least 25 to 30% of the entertainment in this town. So, what you're doing is just following what the people want to listen to and what they want to get involved in. And I remember last year, a year ago, how you let the listeners that and go on and on about the OGL trial, and you're just simply following what to listen or whatever, but he wants to. Let me get it again. Right. Now, this is the hot item. You're allowing. I've been on here for years and years. You know, what I try to do, it doesn't work all the time. But what I try to do is talk about whatever is going on. And right now, would generally live coming to town as the New Marlin manager today, where the all pirates having threatened to walk out with a panther season starting to Marlinite, you know, with all the other stuff going on, this is what's happening. Hey, listen, there's baseball. Ericsson's going to get a shot of quarterback. There's a lot of you know, and let me tell you that last interview with the Empire, I don't hear what the other sports station says. That is that was a great interview. And they ought to take a lesson from you. Well, and from Rimmer, see, this is the guy they don't want over there because they're intimidated by him. He's got these. He knows. Not you could tell it. They know each other very well. He knows all of people in sports, not just in hockey, but in baseball and football, basketball. He knows him all personally. He's got everybody's home phone number. We, you know, he just had George pick up the phone here. Call his number. Here's the guy in the phone in two seconds. And why anybody wouldn't want to die like this. Unless they're threatened by them is a very sad comment. So the fat slot considered over there and keep mouthing off all he wants and QAM. If you really want to hear what's going on, you got to go to somewhere else. And you know, you do a great job. Thanks for being around. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Open line on the purple line. Pound I would do what are you doing. And you're getting me upset. Get me upset. Things to do. Oh, son of a bitch, you're going to come in here every day at this time and pull ricks spots for him. You're going to come in here and pull us. Welcome, Jesus. I don't understand that. I mean, isn't that kind of a bizarre situation you never did this before? Not, but not in the afternoon. Of course, you weren't producing that show anywhere on the afternoon. Did rainy show on the afternoon for a week? Yeah, and did you pull her spots? She didn't have any. Oh, that's a good point. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello speaking your shot. I'm firing. You see the game last night? Yeah, I did. Second. Bottom of the night, thinning. The second out there that called strike three was about four feet outside the strike zone. Right. Did you see that? Well, he was making up for the one. He called on a class go earlier and again there was six feet outside. Remember when a guy ran classical gotten his face? No, I only watched the end of the day. Oh, he called on a strike that well, you couldn't hit with with a seven iron. Yeah, it's unreal. It's unreal. I enjoy baseball this time of year. I couldn't give a crap length about it during the day. They're good. Most other people. Right. I think I've got a good idea for the for Joe Robbie and are the pro player park next year. And baseball starts. Yeah. Call up channel 10. I'm sure they've got some joy. Joy, Joy, Joy, Reynolds, O'Donnell and standing around there somewhere. Hardboard cloud, baby. Can you imagine? Sure. Let's better nose or in seats. Listen to me. There's one thing that you got to play. Yeah. And I love it. And it just sends it all up and down my spine. Oh, you can chill in your rectum. Okay. Play by play on the radio. Oh, get out of here. You just heard that other guy say that. No, no, no. Everybody's got chills in their rectum now from my play by play. I don't want to wait. I'm in my car. It's betraying like hell over here. Yeah. Oh, you don't want to wait. Now he's going to tell me what to play. When to play it? I want to. Yeah. Don't we don't we all? And the cart to play. I got them. But you just, I think you just blew it. No, I didn't. I thought you were saying. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm very, very sorry. I'm very epic. Sorry. Okay. Yeah. Not it's better. Okay. He didn't say what you thought he said. We just, we have an open line of Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. These people, we're not telling you one thing. You won't find it. You can't complain about pushy people in South Florida, man, because you sure are. I'm the radio. Play my play. Oh, I'm the radio. Back by, back by, back by, back by. E-Mexor one in the kitchen. It's the world fan. Oh, my play. Now I'm approaching the sun. The sound of the sun is for you. The street. Oh, be in the red and we're up in the can, birds. And out and say new, if we should, it's safe. And holy, now I would have been smoking. All the stacks are loaded and here comes that man again. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And if we play my play on the radio, Play my play on radio. Play my play. I'm the radio. We know the splendor to magic your sky. The men and bikes made it all night. Burning in the air. And mob was a prince of the guy. Out of the day, every tree somehow came. You could smell the hot don'ts in place to feel. They'll be excited as the crowd began to cheer. And if we play my play on the radio, Play my play on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I'm the radio. Hey, can't wait for the same footage. Just like the day I just saw it. And it all night. I just waited for the long radio to keep the lights down. And we back back back back to the old days. Can't wait. You just sit there, I'll move from home right now. And let the bikes make it come by. Oh, what a catch. This is not a long track. Burn it a flower. If the shoes are coming by. And it's play my play on the radio. Play my play on the radio. Play my play. Just today. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Hey, can't wait. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. I saw it on the radio. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play. Play my play.