Master patient, why not? Okay, 10 or 9 in WI was a happy Thursday too. It's a great day. I don't know what it is about this day, but I just have a real good feeling. A real great feeling about this day. Not about the show necessarily, but just about this day. Right at the pit of my mic. Rectom, I got a great feeling about this whole situation today. While the trends are coming out at 11.30, and whether they're good or bad, isn't really all that important at this point, because we're kind of like lame ducks, or maybe just kind of lame, like the rest of the market. Anyway, Westinghouse bought infinity, which of course, so what does that mean? Now, for $3.9 billion, Westinghouse already on CBS, infinity owns a whole bunch of stations. And of course, the Howard Stern show. Rumor is Howard's going to be replaced by Bill Stern. So you might want to tell your friends about that. My kind of changed the tone of the show. But that goes to show you 83, the new chain will have 83 radio stations. So like I told you before, these new relaxed rules, what it means is about a half of us and incompetent operators are going to own all the stations all over America. Plus, of course, packs and communications, which will be the only competent operator, right? We hope, all God, but we hope. But anyway, it's one of those things. I'm expecting a ton of calls here today. Everybody's up at arms about the value-jet thing, holes and engines, little minor things like that. And the best part of it is, is that Fernando Penga, the Secretary of Transportation, did I dream that or did he really come down here after that, playing crash in the Everglades, and get there up with his posts on National TV, until everybody that value-jet was perfectly safe to fly, that it was a wonderful airline and never stole a freight train. And I think when somebody questioned that, he said, you mama or something like that in Espanol, and that was it. So his ass is going to be rolling too. They're all out. They're all out. Agency sites, airlines, history, or problems, they blasted value-jet for negligence. But how come now after 110 or 11 people died, how come at this late juncture, everybody's all bent out of shape, instead of before when they're, you know. But hey, that's just America for there's no point getting upset about things. Right, let's just keep a smile on her. Push just like Doug McClank in, and screw it over nose awards last night in Toronto, eh? Doug McClank runner up to Scotty Bowman. You know, I get so sick and tired of Scotty Bowman. I'm not saying he's not a great coach. I'm not saying he isn't accomplished. Many things which other coaches never will. But the vote is taken before the playoffs, of course, and that's the way it is. In which case Doug McClank still should have gotten it, because Scotty Bowman had basically the same team he had the year before, which was the best team in league, and was the best team during the regular season again. So what's the big deal? They broke a lot of records, but so what did he do about that? I just, I can't see it. And we knew I knew Joe van Aski wouldn't go to get it. I told you it was good he's going to be Daniel Alfredson or Eric Dazé and Alfredson got it. And Joeville got second and does it was third for rookie of the year. Because again, that didn't include the playoffs, which is when Joe and Aski played his best. But hey, now we're talking hockey a little bit there. We don't want to get too carried away because, you know, what the reasons are. Okay, let's get these phones exploding, baby, because I may have to read all those trends from every station. I may even have to read the numbers from the light bulb. We'll get that far down on list. I might even get far down enough to get QAM's numbers. How do you like that? And that's pretty embarrassing. 751, WIOD, and Dave, we want to just a tremendous outpouring of emotion and enthusiasm here today. We want to hear from people that are going on vacations that have been on vacations. People that have flown value jet and came back alive. We want to hear from some really bizarre stuff today. 751, WIOD and Dave, I'm telling you, I said here, look at those phones while Rick was on with it old bag lady. And I had a feeling that coming in here, except for that paycheck was probably not the best of ideas. 524, WIOD and Dave, and 1-800-944, you know the rest. 12 after 10, WIOD, look at that. One segment gone already. Just mow these on down. Baby, just plow right on ahead. Just plow through these. Get all the spots in. Take that paycheck. Walk out of the building with a big smile on your head. Walk out of the sunshine, sing and hallelujah. When you're hungry for a great casual seat for the play, I think my arm is infected by the way. Anybody notice a good infection when they see one? WIOD. A lot of masturbation went off. Okay, 1015, WIOD. It's a great Thursday. We got a couple of calls there on the board. They're going to really put the people over the edge today. You know what I'm saying? Here's the purple line. Hello. Yeah, Neil, did you hear about the judge who would be going to the play? Well, would be gone to the play, Strauss. Did I hear about the judge who would be guards to the play? Yeah, that would be gone to, okay, there was a problem with a criminal. They caught some guy today. Yeah, and he was bragging that let him go leave. Oh, he gave him an easy sentence. And he was out doing stuff again. Yeah, that was incredible. Did you last? Why was that incredible? Because I didn't think that judge was that, he never shot anybody. So I mean, by comparison, that pales into when significance. Yeah, they said. Go to show you the at least to give her high marks for consistency anyway. It's just going to be a major investigation into her and find out exactly why she did. He never met a guy. She didn't get off. That's what a Rex husband said when he called the other day. Let me ask you this. Will you at the track last night? No, I was not. Oh, okay. I was just curious. Why is that? Because I knew that there was a big thing from FtL there. Oh, and here's another light bulb list. Do we got one call on a board? And it's a light bulb listener. No, I didn't that said. Well, how would you know it's an FtL thing there if you don't listen to the light bulb? Because of our intel. He was at that thing last night. Darale at the church. Overrun commercial. That self-hating fact was that the Arale who the hell is he kidding? Oh, I'm surprised he isn't a loping with Dr. Kennedy. I mean, that's birds of a featherman flock together. That was an incredible roundabout. What we're thinking about Dr. Why was that? Oh, because I mean, the people were yelling. I mean, just a lot of stuff. But they were yelling back. And everybody was dressed in suit entices on their sides. And everybody else was dressed in shorts and t-shirt. And it was just a lot of a lot of cockarise. What it was, actually, was the word they used in Nevada. A lot of cockarig going on there. And let's think about Dr. James Kennedy up there. Why he's consistent, you know? Like Susan Lebow. He hates Fags. He hates Jews. I mean, you know, he spreads it around a little bit. A lot. How can this guy remain in power? What do you mean how can he remain in power? Nobody elects him. He's the guy. He's the man. He's got the TV show, baby. You'd better get with it. You'd better butcher up a little bit. I'd better wake up. I'd better wake up and sniff it. Thanks for being our first holiday. It was horrible. But thanks for all. Okay. Bye bye. That's it. That's our call for today. And I'm not joking either. I said here in the Southern Deadestone. Thanks Rick. Thanks for having that damn stupid unshaven bag lady on for like what was it? Three hours or whatever was? My god. I kept poking. That's why my arm is infected like that. I kept banging myself in the arm in a car for I just stay awake. The bag lady with a long unshaven push. Man, oh man. I think she needs some pointers from Kathy. Seven five what? She could loan her lady pick. Probably a little bit dull by now. I would imagine. That's what they were talking about. The homoys this man this woman this creature had a lot of facial hair. A lady. A her lady. Seven five one. Wild. D and D five two four. I'll just keep giving the numbers out again till a trans come out. I guarantee I could do that. I hear Phil doing that. A lot just being those numbers that I can't say that I blame him. By the way, let's read a promo for Phil. Leave it to us. Come up this weekend on Saturday June 29th. Phil Henry is going to be at home depot. And that's going to be from 11 am to one in the PM. That's the home depot at the Palmetto and Flagler. Donner and South. So Phil Henry is going to be there. They have all kinds of stuff to give away. I'm sure and you can bring some samples. I hear for Phil and help him out. Here is a bointon beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Okay. Hey, do you remember the brother that called like three days ago? Said he was the real businessman and all that. You were getting down on Flag people and all that other stuff. And you want to talk about the burning of the churches. Right. But he doesn't even listen to the show. He told me what I know. He didn't want to talk about it. He said I should have been talking about it. Right. Well, even though he doesn't listen to the show. And he tunes into Phil Henry for comic relief. But he just happened to tune in early by accident. Yeah, right. So last night or yesterday they arrested two suspects. Yeah. One of the burning of the churches. Uh huh. They were black. Yeah. On their own church. How do you like that? Right. And then the other guy called yesterday. Copycat church burners. Right. The guy who called about the white opinion. Yes today. Yeah. He was really good. I mean he was one of my favorites. And then he didn't even know anything about the case. He didn't know what the reasons were the judge threw it up. All he knows is that there's a white opinion. There's a black opinion. Everybody has their own opinion. That's what makes America American the world go down. I think that basically that decent people just aren't too fond of scumbags. I think that's what it comes down to. It's got nothing to do with black or white. But there's some people. Everything has to do with black or white. When they threw John Wayne Gacy's ass in there. I didn't say oh, there's another fact being persecuted. Right. You know, it's ridiculous. What do what the flag opinion will be on that? My icon. I agree. Like you say. I don't care if you're white. I don't care if you're black, purple, whatever. It's your stupid. That's another thing. Yeah. And if you start infringing on me, will that's different? You know, I mean, I guess if you're like kind of like light-complexed black, it's okay. Yeah. But I mean, we're not too fond of people. They're like that real. You know, the super real-real dark, you know, like, is it, I'm not really confused because I've never been to Africa, but it's like Nigerians that are like real real or is it Moroccan? We got it. We got a bunch of things that are like Arab's. We got a bunch of things that work for us. And they're real dark. I mean, they have to treasure Haitians. Those are like, they're nice. But they're nice. What do you mean they're nice people? Are all Haitians are nice people? It's like saying, all white people are nice people. People are people, man. It's just as simple as that. And every barrel full, there's some nice ones. There's some crappy ones. There's some more kind of like nondescript for like vanilla pudding. And then there, you know, some asshole. I'm not trying to harp on that. I'm not racist or anything. But the thing is, yeah, sure you are. You know, seriously, sure you are. And so am I. What's wrong with it? Why is it wrong to have like some racist feelings? I'm not like a virulent racist that's like anti-black or anti-this. But I have feelings that are hard to suppress because you come into contact with some real assholes. We're like got a chip on her shoulder and it were totally unreasonable and just like when that old J thing. Right. We heard from people who called us during the old J will never hear from them again ever as long as you live. I totally agree with you. But the fact of the matter is, is when people call up and start rip and white people about these churches and racism and all this other stuff and come to find out. They just busted two black guys who burn it down to church. One of the other ones was some fireman guy or something. They had nothing to do with racism and nothing to do with any of that. But anyways, I guess that was better than the first call I guess. You were marginally better and at least you didn't talk about the light bulb. That was good. I never even heard of that call. Thank God, here's the guy that's almost got a life. Nice film pal. Congratulations. See ya. Have a great life. Okay. Thank God for a few of these people that are going to call up and kill us some time to do that. That's all we're doing today. That's all we usually do. But we do it with some skill and panache every now and then. It's just, you know, I don't want to say go through the motions because that would be a bad thing to say. You know, when you're going on vacation, you come and you go through the motions. You record all your spots. You get everything together. You get that last paycheck deeply into your wallet. Speaking of that by the way, where's Leah? I saw her in the stairway this morning. She did not say, here's your check. I know as a fish, and she is she'll be running right up here any second with that big fat one. And maybe a check too. We're going to have a damn good time today with the elected and not okay. Just keep saying that to yourself. We're going to have a good time today. It's my spend. I would say you don't want to have a good time. I'll never forget that as long as I live. There was just something about that about my spend. I'm sure you're out there, listen, Mike, you're a great guy, you're a great American. We had some great times together, some bad times together. You didn't belong on the year, but you were a good guy. Fun guy, you know, well, kind of depressing. But that time at INZ, when he just wanted to play fun and games on a year, oh man. Oh, this cigar is killing me. Ah. But little sad, Pelagrino brings me right back to life. You like the way that works? I don't think it's going to work. I think this cigar is put me right over the edge. Too many cigars. I love cigars, but I've changed smoke him. Ah, bad for you. Everybody I ever know who changed smoke cigars died of like a colon cancer stuff like that. Right? Look at Weinstein Churchill man. He died. He was like only what? 87 something like that? Could have probably like George Burns, another example. Always had a big cigar in his post. Didn't even make it to 100. Close, but not a match. And the cigar goes, but the big one goes back in the box. 1023 at WIOD. And the WIOD. No, it's just a conspiracy against the flesh-eaters. The Jeffrey Domer thing. Yeah, all you flesh-eaters out there, I think, that you ought to be really been ought to shape about the Jeffrey Domer. There's the non-flesh-eaters and the flesh-eaters. So what's the general opinion about the flesh-eaters about Jeffrey Domer, by the way, huh? Two upper lines in date, 751 WIOD. If we get a call on the green line from Palm Beach today to be quite a miracle, I'll tell you that. I got another hour to kill before those trends start rolling in here. It'll never make it. I'm telling you right now, we'll never. I'm predicting we'll never make it. And you notice how Blasay the public is. First it was the Brian Blades thing. I think that only those of us on the year, and maybe about one percent of the rest of the public, they don't give a crap about it. They don't care. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. They're used to it. Charlie, is it hard for you to you house looking at the house? What do you think? It's supposed to be anditate a couple off. But this is bad for the studio. Ohio, what does that have to do with anything? Well, of course you get the Panther games. Well, I want to know if I move to Ohio, if I can get sunshine with the revert on them and Ohio on a satellite. Of course. Great. Why not if you get the hockey package? Absolutely. I got to have it and we might be moving so if I'm going that's what my decision depends on. Yeah. So just wanted to make sure and know you were the not only the hockey expert picture yourself the small dish. Yeah, okay. I mean, unless you want to get a big dish, but I'm just I don't know It's hard to recommend the big dish now because so many things are going off the big dish and it's just not really the way for the future Really so the small dish is a way to go. Yeah, you talk he package and you'll get the ton of games including most of the Panther games on you Sound great. Well, I'll get the small one then just wanted to check with you and tell you that if I don't talk to you Before I leave and That's it. Okay have a great life. Thanks. Good luck. Yeah, there's another guy that's bailing out on us. They're all bailing out 751 WI would be we haven't had the tickle and date county at this morning. They're all lined up at the Vadyge at office demanding that they fly them wherever they want real cheap. They're pretty pissed off They're pretty sick and tired just because they got holes in the engine and stuff like that And oxygen canisters, you know heating up to about 900 degrees. They're pretty pissed off that they don't get those nice cheap fares Open line and Broward 5249463. I thought we had a take her there on a green lines in Palm Beach, but I guess I'm wrong At the and nobody saw that thing last night. Nobody cares about the fact that Doug McLean got screwed over See when you want to talk about stuff like that then they don't want to talk about it when you do then all of a sudden Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I don't know Still waiting for some signs of some tangible signs of life out there this morning. I don't see any Okay, I think everybody must be gone now Hello, I'm listening to you at least thing. I'm listening. Okay listen. I'm kind of up there about the Brian blade trial. Oh, we're gonna go on that again today Oh Let him play the game play the game play the game the situation is that I'm in trouble right now You know I mean what? Stay fit. I get an officer an 80-him a officer. He grabbed me. He went right over your car I'm sorry. What'd you hit him with your fist? No, I he said that I pushed him and then they would hit push them He tried to grab me to make an arrest Right, right. He's a man that I was impersonating a police officer. What were you doing? Nothing I was impersonating a police officer that he stated Because he must he missed on the student me because I'm a proud investigator. Yeah, and he were impersonating a police officer That's a very common thing among the FBI's yeah, but the thing is I wasn't Why do you guys quit doing that try stop trying to play you know a friend cannon But I wasn't doing that that's a thing See I wasn't impersonating if he what happened was who they lit up the message to be Peter my residence and then I came out and he thought I argued with me and I told me No, I was a career oriented you know detective from pop on her you know He'll go on a previous sergeant and I'm like whoa, you know I don't have a sergeant. I work at a technical agency Well, he must have you know went deaf when I said that But he wanted you know to screw me in there. He wanted to screw you Yeah, me need you know. He wanted to take my license away. You know my favorite life is a FBI And now they saw what's the point. I mean this is all you know already fast-moving Was it so mama inducing yes This guy killed from one accident. We and here I am suffering going on a felony charge Probably on a felony charge the question a cop. Yeah, that's a felony. Yeah, yeah, I'm really You know, I'm trying to get it dropped to a misdemeanor, you know battery that way I can let go But yeah, this this is trying to you know get me on a year or two years, you know I mean for me swapping a cop and I'm well time goes by fast, you know Hey, I go by fast, but I'm gonna drop the days on a wall and take your take you a magic marker Okay, as long as it's not too sharp If it's real sharp, they won't let you take it in there, but if it you know kind of got doll doll in I mean, you know, what have I going there to a little is an accident? I have a feeling there's a lot of doll ends in Where you're going? Well, you got a good lawyer. Yeah, I got a good lawyer. What are you worried about? Well, I'm done. Where you know, I mean it's weird. Yeah, because that's a judicial thing You know, I'll the lawyer you want to go in front of Judge Leibault. Okay, you'll be at you'll be out in another that courtroom in five seconds Okay, you'll go in you'll sit down. You'll say have a great life get out of here. Thank Okay, but good luck pal. Okay. Thank you. Okay Judge Leibault, okay everybody makes a big joke out of this like she's sitting on the bench there She's sitting on her hurricane-colored robes. I mean, it's one thing to have a sense of humor But they have orange and green. I thought that all the judicial robes were black She's sitting in there with orange and green on her robe. Do you see that? With the big go-kines thing on a bench It was almost like Judge Edo with that so many thing they had on the monitors. Remember that and they got all bent out of shape about that for a while And then of course we realized that Judge Edo being Japanese wanted that so many name in front of the whole world What are you talking about that's where it's at man? That's why he got the in on at case Judge Edo and Sony and in says to his relationship and I bet your Michael Jackson's involved in that too Wonder if Judge Edo's got any little sons. Here's Delray Beach, hello Yes, sir. Forgive me for I have sin you notice the thing with Sony and Judge Edo everybody forgot about that of course And poor doesn't plan and Eddie my hero any had no shot You know what I got to tell you what I did. I feel like a radio or Remember a couple weeks I've never seen a Stanley cup so a couple weeks ago on Friday night I was going down to see it down at the Sheraton down there The Stanley cup because I figured I wasn't gonna be able to see it here unfortunately And on the way down I slipped on the radio and I had it on six ten of course and you know who's on in the night That little talk show host Aaron yeah that little talk show host yeah exactly well They were begging for colors to call in Next we'll lesbian yeah and I was bored and I was driving day and I live in Delray for now Drive so I called it I was so embarrassed I gave her a faith name I told my name was Ralph I was the first caller on Friday night two weeks ago Yeah, my vagina really gets my panties and a wife yeah, and so I won a game They got some could they would get they sent me some kind of a prize I got it in the mail today Not another one of those pocket rockets boy. She's been given also Like crazy left and right right and left all over the place everywhere you looked his pocket rockets everywhere I thought you'd love that I was I'm a radio or I just don't film bell So bears had to give him a fake name so in other words the show sucked in instead of like turning on a something else You called her up and you sucked around for something for free You know what I know what did you get? What did she send you? What did she send you? It's a game for my fiance and I to play you know to get more intimate with each other For crying out loud. I'm so sick and tired of all these You know add-ons or it it's just ridiculous You know like sex is so boring you have to like keep dolling it up with all these little games and dolls and instruments and toys and I mean it's like going back to your childhood all over again just sitting in a room surrounded by toys I mean if sex with your mate becomes that boring I say it's time to dump them and find somebody new and exciting that's what it's all about that's he Merkin way Just ditch the pitch Neil thanks very much. Okay good luck pal. Bye. Okay happy hunting We have an open line and on the purple line pound iod mobile one cell 18t wireless and the one in date and we're starting to pick up a little bit of steam now now that that Bag lady is gone thanks Rick My god see he wanted to give me no he wanted to give me a handy crappy new was my last baby for vacation He wanted to really throw a little impediment in my way just you know throw kind of like management likes to do here Throw a few roadblocks and you way and see if you can hop over my ano or hop in number running fast and hop in high Baby just like the rabbit. Oh don't start with those rabbits again and I'm not playing that today no chance well Kill some time 1035 and Wild the trends will be out in 55 minutes Oh will they be good will they be bad does anybody care like I said I mean at this point it would be nice for them to be good because we still Might have some bonus money hanging there in the you know right at something to think about We nice to suck one more bonus out of these baschids wouldn't it oh man That be nice to suck one more big bonus out of cocks enterprises just to pick them off And let's just hope and pray that even when those horrible tapes around that everybody out there is loyal That keeps that radio crank right here on 16 24 hours a day at least between 6 a.m. and the 6 p.m At least between 6 a.m. and so because and you know fill is not gonna be here But he's gonna need some good numbers on there for that resume. So let's 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. let's have everybody Listing 24 hours a day seven days a week. Let's get the legions out there. Let's just to piss off the cocks people Let's have a 20-year when a sale finally goes through when they hand us over because I know that if infinity got What was it how much 3.9 billion from wasting house for their stations? I know we could have gotten at least another or two or three million for this one Does that make you feel really worthwhile that they gave the station and the building where they practically gave it away Said you're taking it off our hands. We can't stand it anymore. We can't take it. We don't want it We don't have the stomach for it, but they kept the armor card they liked that. Yeah, but they do like the armored car Well good Good because if I ever saw grave robbers man there the ones they had a hop right in that thing you just head on down to Hershey highway Especially that little tour Bob Neal. Oh, man Talk about an appalling on a compliment. Well, you know, I got better things to do to waste my time down here Tell new people you're all on your ass, but yeah, and by the way We tried everything we could how about a little promotion Bob that was something you never tried well that's expensive that cost a money. Oh Sorry Sorry 10 30 I was Tim Horton doing by the way 10 37 a WIO did Rest by the host gastric colors on WIOD or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors All WIOD programs are comfy right 1996 by WIOD Incorporated No savory recordings or transcripts maybe created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated So big a lot of masturbation went on eat is the classic novel you never ran in high school Rewritten just in time for the NBA playoffs chain air Jordan King air Jordan Emily brought these at the story about two lovers who want to go one on one for life What you can your ball of love down my lane straight to the pole of my heart I'm so happy I'm going for a 360 jam The wedding So speaking of air Jordan let me actually this question I'm looking here and I was listening to the QA a little bit this morning as little as possible, but of course when I ricad the bag lady I want to make a do and I punched over there for about two minutes and they were talking about a press conference Michael Jordan was having today. They were going to announce that either reassigned a resigned with the bulls or He ain't coming back with a bulls and if you've given him like five Pretty in dollars or if they want to give them all that money Why don't they just make him a part owner of the franchise and then of course just give them a more reasonable amount on the salary and You follow what I'm saying if they can do that? I know if that's legal and now that would make more sense to me instead of giving him like a 20 or 30 million But of course we know that no amount is enough like it said in the paper yesterday no amount is enough He's worth like and I don't see nothing in here So maybe somebody in the audience can fill a sin because it's probably already happened and this would be the last day She'll where we'd find anything out Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello, and yeah, I was going okay. Yeah, I'm in the team He says that game five of the bopms series Yeah, man. It's guy memory Sure, okay. How could I forget you man? What is one of my mind? I don't want to let you know that I was in a Man this last night and Is pretty funny he was talking about the award You know before they came on last night. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know McLean is the best coach out there, but unfortunately he's not gonna win it tonight. It's gonna go to Mark Crawford I thought that was pretty funny. I hate to break the news to you man, which but there was no chance I mean Mark Crawford was one of the three who were nominated but it was done before the playoff So how in the world would Mark Crawford have ever gotten it? I think it was signed field and delivered You know He said probably McLean it's going the Crawford That's son of a bitch is huge. Yeah, but maybe that's why he voted for him Yeah, that's why let you know about that one. He's right on top of it again is usual man Hey, what do you think about it? I don't know after you they're getting It's out by Alps I thought does they would get it before I was going to do it? Yeah, it does they had 30 goals. I thought he would get he came in number three Which surprised the hell out of me. It's the outfits and deserved it. It's sensational season then jolvin ask you really First half of the season he was confident up a lot. Maybe a lot of mistakes He he came on his best play was the very maybe the last part of the season and all through the playoffs But the playoffs don't count into voting. It's all done before and so he had no chance They do the stop that's making them fancy pass and just take it up ice and stuff Yeah, he stopped doing that the playoff. He was phenomenal Okay, now thank you. Okay, pal. I'll see you again soon. I hope two upper lines in day seven five and he say later. He didn't say that didn't he? 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 WOD we got a couple in Brower there Brower yesterday We need to just spanking. I'm telling you that right now. They're a little pissed off and Brower about that Dade County arena thing being built now. Why should they be pissed off? It's never going to come out of there pocket We got our own great new arena coming up there and in fact we should be having a big party because now we don't have to be invaded by Mickey Eris and in those goiam Yeah, he's surrounded by goiam. I don't care what he is but trust me when I tell you I don't care where his daddy is They're surrounded by a lot of goiam. You ever see Pat Riley in a show. I don't think so No, nobody with hair like that. You can you imagine what he could do to your mama. Could we that here do? Oh my god, would that stuff with that do with that divinity do but he did say the pledge of allegiance to that meeting in Day the other day. Now you notice in Brower. Remember we had to go through all those meetings after meeting and deadline after It was a traumatic thing before we finally got to deal science squealed into liver on your arena But in day they just had this one more meeting here and a couple people got up and spoke and some people were pissed off and some people said Hey, yeah, whatever you want Mickey and a Tony Ritter and that was it That's it. Okay. It's a done deal. Okay, and Who was the cheerleader there? I think that when they have the parade that the the guy seems from Channel 6 is gonna be the parade Marshall he's gonna be like cheerleading and doing his pump pump Edible I nice to have some good objective reporting in town finally Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello When is the SM ego commustive? I'm away being Speaking of value, Jet, why to pay always as Jordan what his opinion is on how you know I didn't like I didn't know Michael ever flew back I don't I don't know because he's got so much credibility. I mean it's like asking the fox if you know The the hands are safe in the house. Well, they had one of the hands on good morning America the other morning They had a flight attendant on an ass Charlie Gibson asked or exactly Charlie Gibson was What the situation was on value Jet and she says it's horrendous. She says every time I flew on that thing Which was just about daily since she worked there the laboratories were overflowed the aisles in the plane Worked the he says an I am no Pilot or mechanics she says, but you know Sounds that were coming through there and and things that just didn't sound right She had worked obviously for another carrier before is as and She must have known what she was talking about but she says the jump stage for the flight attendants were held together with duct tape So this is what you get when you buy a 7 year old airline Okay, a plane that's gone through at 550 miles an hour at 35,000 feet for 27 years Yeah, this is what you get and the public loves it because Stop fair is right Was cheap baby it was cheap So if you don't value your life that much that's what I said that's what I said after the crash if you have placed a very low value on your own life Yeah, fly value jet It rhymes and it works and that might be the good slogan for the next campaign right the good instead of that's really cartoon on the side If they make you come back they can put a little casket on it And maybe they can include that in the fair that can have a discount deal this count coupon Yeah, you should um we fly them and you die them. Okay, all right. Thanks, pal. Thank you. Great day Yeah, I'm sick and terribly these people that are in the you know in these slip shot business But I don't I don't really blame them I don't blame them because the government is supposed to be there looking after the public and the government are a bunch of assholes Okay, no matter where you look this government our bunch of assholes in and he's idiot Sikitani or like Alice Rand tell them all these other silly little people Oh, it's the liberals now it's the conservative they're all the same they're all that you know That's a bunch of bull crap They're all a bunch of thieves man. They got their fist in your pocket and they're squeezing and twisting it and yankin it Don't even feel good. They're grabbing every dime they can why the hell with anybody want a job like that? And the kind of money that they're making why would anybody want all the grief and the service and the Aggravation unless of course there was something else at the bottom of the up at the pool Like hopefully one of them So I was Vince Foster doing by the way we have an open line in house butt foster doing mobile one cell 18 T wireless by the way when you see Jack Leibov at air tell him a Jake Foster God We're not doing the spot right now, but it just came to mind You can more than a wonder Jack Leibov is one of those real Offician hours of harness racing when it was all those trivial names from back in Detroit at racing man like Gordon Norris and Howard Niles and Willard Niles at Peppy Ralko and Red Ross and Sandy socks and Tommy win Yeah, he is worse than me and Here comes Joe Mars Jr on the outside All right Joe hit him again baby up in a year there goes my 200 down the toilet Okay, here's a lady in a bokeh hello Hello lady in bokeh Oh, she's slow I'm waiting wait and I'm waiting I'm waiting I don't I can't afford the luxury of not waiting I nailed God what's up? I watched the war cell last night too. Yeah, yeah I felt bad that our coast didn't win that was a screwing man. That was a real injustice How about all that dipity do in Mario's hair? I didn't see it. I didn't watch it God the grease was running through my TV Anyway, I tell you one thing it's a good thing he don't play me we'd love to have him on the team But we'd have to get rid of the basketball team because there's no room for him and Pat Riley in the same time You're off and Jimmy Johnson and Barry Melrose. Can you imagine that yeah? They'd have to borrow Regan's old kiwi shoe polish We watch the show on the CBC we have to big dish and I'm gonna feel really bad when I go digital when we can't watch it anymore Well, I'm pretty sure what you that's right at that point you'll have to invest in this moldish But they're not gonna get CBC. Oh, yeah, they will. They will. It's not gonna be next year. It's gonna be the year after I've been reading Do you get satellite TV week? Yeah, the big so big God. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we've been reading that Canadian corner column And it looks like you know the only thing that's a hang up on any this is the The friction between the two governments is in terms of who pays what for the rights and all this other Balloning and it looks like that's gonna get straight down. In fact, I think we're gonna get TSN the fourth network from Canada on a small dish next this coming fall it looks like I was thinking I might have to get one of those digital decipher things, but that's doesn't gonna work I said a little bit of the little dish out there'll be even better right That's the sea the digital decipherer the GI thing is coming out in September That'll be great to watch a lot of the stuff that's gone digital like KBL and Empire Because KBL's not on a C-banded all anymore though not those but some other stuff But anyway, but the Canadian stuff they don't use the same system So you won't be able to be scrambled anyway Well, I hope we can get on the wall We I'm gonna tell you one thing. I'm gonna declare I'm gonna declare war on the US and Canada if we lose the CBC I was thinking about that drive in the work this morning. Yeah, we better not I know it's a great Great boy, do they know how to do it man? It's one of the great things in life Listen, Neil yes, I started the actins about when you did about a year ago and how you done and you were asking how we were all doing I wanted to tell you that I lost the way I wanted to lose and I'm feeling great and Not eating any of that sugary carbohydrate type food and I wanted to thank you and I also wanted to say I'm gonna miss a lot when he goes and I think it's thanks it does think Yeah, but there was anything we could do about it, but I guess not another ain't All right anyway have a great vacation. Thanks. And we'll see you when you get back all right bye bye There's a lady with a satellite. She can't be all bad. I'll tell you that Can't be all bad if you got a dish you like open up to the rest of the world if not you said you're a little cocoon with your little cable TV And you're remote control and you just you're you're like a prisoner like a victim You're like Patrick McGoo and on a bad day and who the hell was number six? We have an open line in the upper line mobile one cell a tnt wireless pound iod we have one in date 751 wild we got one in Broward five two four nine four six three and the green lines you might as well Forget about them you might as well just take and physically rinse those things right out of the phone board Because there is no Chinaman's chance in hell that on a day like this with as little going on There's just no substance today. You know it's just like you feel kind of dream They're just not we've got the Brian blade thing that everybody's up to there is we're fed up with that crap Or fed up with crappy judges or fed up with the government agencies that In jeopardize our lives and let airlines fly with jogantic 40 foot holes and to play and stuff like that We're pissed off about it. Okay Just like I keep I keep thinking back to that line man with Diana Christian sitting in network where she says They've shot themselves up F them so I almost said it F themselves limp and Nothing helps anymore and that's your American public we've had it. We've had it. Okay. We don't know what to do about it, but we've had it Just enough to make you want to roll down your window and scream 1053 a wild dimmer A bowled jury to find and guilty of man this family is completely related News talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D Shannon I thought nurse we all know how Shannon folkers courageous three hour half a day attempt to enter the Citadel Ended at hell week It hurts to quit Oh and I don't think I look good in the short scene Good Shannon story started two and a half years before hell week and now ABC's presents you can go to hell I quit the Shannon folk New Shannon would have to be in tip top shape to complete the rigorous training at the Citadel Dad I can't eat that Battery can death their club or clanky without one type from now Learning how her rigorous training can be shivering Oh Shannon we're gonna have to break up This Citadel things make it too much woman for me If you ain't gonna finish your prize can I have You can go to hell I quit the Shannon folk your story It's the movie the cruise you don't have to succeed in life You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks Sunday night Odd ABC's when and out turn it around. I'm sorry 1058 a wild d we got a kind of a weak board Going over here, but you know something will take a whatever we can get today. It's just one of those things You know just one of those things. It's June the 20th and tonight at 1047 p.m Or whatever is the first night of summer summer starts officially why why do they do that is it like where the moon is How do they determine the official thing on where the when the season star because they on the weather Channel this morning that we're saying summer starts at like 1046 or 7 p.m I think they have to check and see where the clock is it's the sun the sun Soast to see quinocts that kind of give me a break the sun right now is gonna be watching see in the sun Earth position who's gonna be seeing the sun down here at 1047 tonight Maybe seeing a few stars especially on south beach. They'll be seeing a lot of stars. Thank you. Be nobody seeing no sun tonight Okay, let's load these phones up here for the next big hour because the trends are coming out at 11 30 anybody Want to make any predictions? Anybody want to tell us about those best of tapes that start tomorrow again and run through all the next week on his show We want everything what are you what are you smoking about you're the one that puts them together Mr. Smarty pants and you're hell of a job. Yeah, right that's not what I heard painstaking war Yeah, and then of course you're not here and they want to play in the same one over does nothing like coming back from vacation And have in 16 people call up and say oh, guess what they ran the same take 45 times You hang on across see how you like it's W I O day Same with radio 16 W I O D this is jocelyn elders and I'm man Man that those right wing sons of bitches that force bill Clinton fire me just hold to the hell they think they are All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of 16 ages Maybe adjusts he homes have busted camp or a new gang rich have but as a corner little more There wouldn't be so up tight Login to dog never hurt anybody and if people did a little more that we might save some lives Helping Clinton just stayed home and spent the monkey he'd even been last hot water Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like See dick run when you see dick run get to the doctor because you picked up a back as a crouched crickets Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in there are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking there Yacht and hair harbor now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle Pump the python walk the door Wax the carid or tickles the taco we'd all be better on and that's all I have to say Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail an oyster and buzz the grill Mastervation one out 1106 the W. I would do we have an open line in day 7519463 75 on that of course is managed describe it here's the time at the University of Michigan two open lines in the Relines here in Palm Beach 1 800 944 9463 But is that what she was talking about parking something in an arbor or was that harbor and Then of course we got the trends coming out at 1130 which means absolutely nothing to you What does that mean while it's the ratings okay? Which the trends is like every month there's another tiered another third of the Rating period which is like three months January for Bremearch April May and June you follow what I'm saying isn't quarterly So this is the second trend of the spring book you got it. Are you following me now? Are you keeping track of these important things if you're going to be a real radio group? We are if you're going to stick with the AM and all that crackling and popping that goes on on days like these which is every day in a summertime Here's Miami hello Neil yes sir from journal and back to you you know I had I even Chica rally and the and the cream in the crop right Russia and five Russians. Yeah, and That's good. Peace Premo and Paul coffee and my three rolls son could approach them to that record Yeah, it's really a very distressing you know, it's the should been no contest and and see no Once of the year should mean it should be an award for somebody who makes miraculous accomplishments Far above and beyond and does a brilliant job of coaching a group of athletes to even exceed the expectations and play above They're so lovely and a dog McLean is the only one you could say about that I mean even Mark Crawfordy, you know, he did a good job, but The avalanche were a hell of a team the year before they made the playoffs the year before and you know They added Patrick Roy frog and that was it but in our case who the hell expected anything and we led the Conference for a good part of the season It's still lined up with home ice advantage with 92 points what the hell can anybody expect it was a miracle It's cider Yeah, Scotty bomb you know they gotta give one more big award before we go to that You know and have the players here in the sky have the players supposedly he does got yeah, they do So you know what's that all about I don't know you have to ask Dino Orrimer all right, and okay pal. I'm with you Two open lines in Dave County were pissed off because we know Doug McLean is the best He's the brightest and the best he's got that real need here that never is out of place He's one hell of a guy and up there at this at the Summer side in P.E. I right now a guarantee you sitting there at Tim Horton's donuts and probably High five and with Tim Horton and Alan Stanley and Carl Brewer and Bobby Bond and remember back to all those great Leak teams of the 60s when a one four Stanley Cups and seven years and probably punch him like sitting around there with foster He would now and we calling it many of those great goals including the one from Bob Bond when he scored with a broken ankle and One-to-game and overtime We all remember that don't we of course not if you don't remember Malalan how the hell can I even pray expect unless you're from Toronto Oh Thank God we got a few English speaking conuks down here the frogs get rid of them But a few English speaking conuks can't be all bad Here's Hollywood hello Hollywood I'm here and you're there I'm wondering call you sound like you in the bottom of a sink hole well That's because I want to port a boat Oh, headed for the other thing to turn it off. Okay. Here it goes How's that? It's a little better. Yeah, I expected something much more dramatic, but yeah, it's okay. I went find that sugar free shop yesterday in incredible unbelievable I've lost 88 pounds on the acting spend only three years. Uh-huh. She started raining about it I'm a diabetic Blood sugars look great great not my insulin in half beautiful They tried this rise of cholesterol my doctor told me don't do a great it's a bad diet Yeah, now he's a firm delivery is recommending it to his other diabetic patients. Yeah, tell you doctor one thing I think Yeah, I Are yeah, something it lies Neil, I don't know what this frozen confession they have here. It's not a yogurt it's not a nice thing One gram of carbohydrates no fats no cholesterol and it is delicious great I got to change taken refrigerator. I haven't tried it yet, but believe me. I will The pancakes That's not the year around three years nobody may put any cake shot of it It's a nasty time. Yeah, throw 90 Unbelievable and okay keep it a good workout go panthers. Okay. Love you show and see you Two open lines in day seven five one WOD one and Broward five two four nine four six three And we have two on the agreeing lines there in Palm Beach we're still waiting for a call from Palm Beach today If we could just get one we don't even care if it's a bonehead We don't care if it's a moron. We want a call from Palm Beach just to prove that we're still on the air up there Okay, we still on here. They put the a screen up yet because rumor has it that there's some people out there getting a little pissed off Here's a soft Miami on a purple line hello Hey, Neil, are you doing okay, sir? All right, listen I just wanted to thank you I know I'm probably one of six million other people that told you had nauseam that Return me on to hockey and I also just wanted to let you know that I'm going on vacation as well tomorrow Where you gone? I just know nothing special New York City yeah, yeah, yeah actually I'm on Long Island Oh, yeah, I just celebrating Well, I safe I'm Long Island where you'll be safe. Thank God for that. Oh, yeah Oh, how the city man don't go into Manhattan oh Yeah, well, I can take that long island subway of course if I hopefully won't get chocolate at Yeah, but you never know see how to burn you two for me tell him He's okay in my book. Okay, you bet you I will now just celebrate in my Cousins the high school graduation is kind of like a mini family or you're new and Lord knows I need to break Of course that's why I'm bored out of my mind. I'm like cleaning up my room and packing and has nothing else to do It is pretty boring here right now when you come right down to what you know in fact the boring would be an Understand me you got mosquitoes the size of watermelons you got a bunch of geeks out there Drab it on a highway is an impediment to your success in your enjoyment of life and other net And of course these tremendous thunder boomers every day that like just totally destroy any chance of going out and doing anything useful So other net it's summer time is a great time And don't forget you can watch the Dashboard on your dots and just melt away and you can watch the watch the boofo toads Hop right over your friends and just sit around and the stereo and the post That's right. That's another great thing University of Miami give us not every not every Dastardly a jock that money could buy but also the boofo toads they brought them in here and the turn to mlush Absolutely man. I listen just one quick question before I leave What what can you recommend? I know you've discussed this before as far as the someone that's trying to get into hockey Then a four that grew up unfortunately with the dolphins all this life What are any books or are there any videos or anything that I could I could Gant or purchase to try and learn more about the game? No Oh Well, thanks. Oh, what do you mean by that? When you say learn more about the game? I don't know what you know What do you know? Well, you know they're in rules of the game. You know I see it off time and you know Huh? Learn the rules of the game and his feet Well the rules of the game the history of the game. I don't know where you're going to brag I guess you get a and all the books there is a lot of books about that Okay, but they got that video. I'm sure. I think slot bus just though It's got that video teach you the rules you know that little Peter Pock type video Right Well, how long have you been watching it? Well, I started I went to my first game back in the figure where I was saying you still don't know the rules yet I know some of the rules like what speed row real simple stuff like the The neutroson which is the circle where they face off at the beginning and after these core goal The blue line neutral zone isn't the circle where they face off at the beginning Let's center-rise the neutral zone is everything between the blue lines Oh, everything between the blue line is the truth. I'm sorry. Well, I'm I'm being taught by a friend of mine from San Luis Well, you're proud for saying Louis what's all the day? No about hockey and saying Louis, huh? Even Dan Kelly knows they didn't know nothing about hockey there That's why they gave Wayne Grettsky all that money. How they held they make out? Who knows? We buy the leafs and that's about it and they were lucky to do that Yeah, they were like I'm surprised even went to seven games. I was hoping they'd just beat them So just by with with fall fan out even further Yeah, well I just wanted to make Grettsky, you know, I'm bearin' Burst him a little more Yeah, well hey, and then we'll see you as Grettsky you coughed it up to Isam and before we scored the winning goal in game seven nice going Wayne And go get that video and go get a book and tell your friend he doesn't know squat Tom you'll see him in the neutral zone. Okay. Okay pal It's on take care now. See ya or the twilight zone two open lines today by the way Don't be a Bruins fan man because they really suck they'll break your heart every year every year They'll just tear your kishki's out. They're still hot gonna try and Bobby are okay Fine, he was the best but that's a lifetime ago, okay. That's like talking about Frank Mahavali It's ancient history you can't live in a past it's like man which with that 72 and 73 dolphin It's on and on and on and on and on get that greasy build-up out of your hair man, which Boy And imagine all the all the locker room stuff hijinks that he's famous for now just as a broadcast Do you can imagine when he was a player in that locker room a lot of masturbation went off 11 15 Wiod when there's another chip brewer fact. I will never die Now what do I mean by that I'll be back in a moment to explain There's a hindrance to the 60 M on news talking entertainment radio 16 Wiod so Sarah just called me as sheeny whatever that means Anyway, it's 11 18 the Wiod we have two open lines today 75 one But look at the food that Wayne just brought in here. It's good thing he didn't want any lunch Wayne Arnold and Marie sent over little something today little something the curious true Titus through the rest of the day of course on the Africans for me no buns no bread Give her that bread give her the sugar you're one of the cookies give her the starch get the star Chaudier life at out of your pants and out of your ass. That's what it'll do for you. What's that a bill? Yeah, or likely story Wayne what you're gonna pay for those spots Wayne just a joke Wayne just calm down When's pony talk at a paper is spot yeah? It's one thing about our accounting department downstairs talk about double billing Okay, let's go What is it I don't care if you talk what do me no bread is nothing in there. It's got some bread for you guys Just give me my sack and get there a lot of here Here's my amy hello Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. I'm glad I'm glad Neil. Benissimo. Yes See Neil I got you guys you and Phil get me going out day long man. But I want to know I said right Yeah, you see I'm sorry see this see this see this all right you got good eyesight but anyway you were saying You know what the heck who's buying the station? They want Neil out of there They want Neil out yeah, no no you don't understand they don't want him out. It's packs and bought that you mean Phil Right, is that what you're saying? Don't be sorry But no it didn't work that way was that Cox kept his contract under various suspicious circumstances here and We don't know what it's all about and you guys had no idea those coming at all No, it's really sucks. I mean are they planning for the water being able to replace him with are you? Positive over it. I don't know I'm positive that we don't know. I have no idea We have an ad wanting no board of communication with them in weeks. I don't know what's going on when the sales Going to go through August September October something like that well that really sucks How are they got you know something? I would say that Phil Henry is basically irreplaceable I mean nobody I mean there'll be some body in here I don't want to make it difficult for wherever it's gonna be but how do you replace it Phil Henry? Exactly how do you get somebody is so hot if he is I mean that that kind of sounds We come around every corner of the street, you know, that's right I mean if you were to realize that soon I don't get it Phil I want to congratulate you on stick on that actin's diet. I personally never done it But I heard great things about it. I've lost a heckload of weight not on the actin All the diet. I want to ask you on the actin's dude. I want other diet. I'm sorry. What other diet? Actually, I've been doing a lot of cardio and And people I call it a little bit low. We go on the carbohydrates, but not completely you know go off of them How old are you? 23. Yeah 23. See you around Punks so you can do a whole bunch of stuff Oh seriously, good job. No, seriously. Your body is much more resilient Yeah, when you're young. Yeah, when you get to be an old fart man. I'd say everything just like kind of sagged down air and it's just oh man I'd be the search party to find your apparatus You do and it's all the Lakaja folds Hey I want to ask you on the actin's you exercise at all You got to you really have to I got on that treadmill for 20 minutes the other damn gonna like I got to do it every day You have to do it every day something you know You got to do it vigorously every day and some exercise too. Yeah Well, listen pal hang in there. It'll be okay. Yeah, I got to shame this request or whatever you want that'll kill some good time One day long and a bit too yes It was you play that couple of weeks ago, I think a announcer from the National Association of Stupid People Not To Meet The National Association of Stupid People is at the ACN taking his talking about George Who is not listening to me at all for a couple of minutes talking to sunny Fox for a sunny Fox no No, no, no, no, no, it was for people for stupid people not to meet And if you're gonna meet Nate when in an animal That's preferably smarter than you I was a big hit a couple months ago you played it like two or three times It was I have no idea what it's called I'll find out dig for it all right great and a bit too I still can't meet us amigo I'll leave it there. Take it okay Take audio likely whatever you want our food is yours We have the deadlines your empty man deadlines are wide open now after enthusiastic young boy like that How in the world can the deadlines be open? You just just scratch your head then you scratch your ass You wonder what is this all about? 7519463 751 WOD it's a number it's a free call baby We pay the freight and all these calls we got these lines and we got 50 thousand lines So we can all sit here and look at most of them being empty all the time So game plans 751 I'm not moving till the deadlines start like I'm not doing no spot I'm not doing nothing. I'm going on strike Do we start getting lots of these holios in there now look at us the facts are starting to pour in one by one Neil and the panties they're coming down for the cloud another asshole. I see he's got a new this is the guy that usually does the head in it He's made three different transitions first it was a scholarly handwriting We see I don't read him I just throw him in a waist pass good after like one or two words see it's from the same jack Yes, they all go in a waist pass get to why you wasted your time asshole He's upset that wasting house put out infinity and how it's been replaced by Jimbo Hannon Let's see only God saves more than the bees are a bapa ba alfale Okay, I'll fall I've seen that that's a beautiful thing only God saves more than the bees are why is the panthers coach in peeping? I don't know what that means oh peeping I you like that He's from a summer side peeping I Listening to you a few it makes me feel rosy and fresh all over you are my god signed butt packs and all right Okay 11 24 Wiod Fear to call and you got your mobile phone you're out there driving around with all those geeks on a highway at the pound I OD just pick it up and just press that can you finger that out pound I OD and that's it and the green lines Here's for waterdale hello Oh, Neil yes, where are you going Neil out of town? Vacation yeah, why do you need a vacation you don't even work? Yeah, yeah, you want to sit here and try talking assholes every day for four hours? I do it for eight hours here doing what about the same About the same one the same as you're doing when I can't pay too much Okay, listen that guy wants no bohaki. Yeah, don't the rinse lap shot move up to a truck Yes, slap shot okay, there's a guy really knows this stuff slap shot with a handsome brother's oh and I'm right in the middle of my lunch Slap shot people that don't know anything about the game think that's a great hockey movie slap shot Those of us who love and know the game we hope the handsome brothers die in a plane crash on value jet or any other one Two open lines in date County come on now the trends are coming out in two minutes We want to you know we want to be able to sit here and eat you're the ones that are supposed to be doing a talk and not me like the guy says it's a soft job That's why I took a clock every day when I race I run outside this building I feel like I just been working on his chain gang for 55 hours nonstop every day to a clock Not that I'm complaining mine you cuz I got my check in my wallet firmly against my cheek But hey, that's what it's all about but hey Here's Atlanta allegedly this couldn't be Dennis could it? No, it's my new. How you doing? Damn it. Yes, sir I'm just calling up one Miami is just to move up here and transfer See they miss us out of town. This guy's called from Atlanta in town. We can't buy a call but out of town. He loves us I'm listening and I'm a little bit You know how to stay to radio is up here W.S.B. Oh Boring that's what the beast stands for the boring Or a mental no is picking Exactly. How do you like that Neil boards I don't even want to get into it. I just Unbelabel yeah Exactly any station that would put David Paul on here our rest my case It's just pathetic pathetic would be the best words to describe it and it's supposed to be the big time compared to my Amnesty it is well that's what they think up here. Yeah, with the y'all come back now And I'm gonna tell you that airport up there. It's impossible now you can't you couldn't squeeze a cockroach To that place it's so jammed up it's him. It just impossible and impossible That's how much I'm gonna put what are they gonna put you getting in out and buy I love for a lot of the all you know something that's getting bad too Nothing like that. That's getting nothing like Atlanta, but it's getting congested and confused and They they love to lie and it shows they don't know what the hell's going on. It's too much So what's what's the deal with the tax? They're they're buying the view out or what right What is that mean? Well, you know a jean What happened with Phil like you're totally from the thing Phil is leaving because Cox retained his contract and he's being shipped off to Siberia And he's gonna be low-p with Brian Cox. I don't know yet, sir Huh? You think I'll find him up here? Well, I tell you right now he ain't going up there. If they want to send him up there. He's not going to Atlanta There's no chance. He's already had one experience up there and I don't think that's that's gonna fly Hopefully he's going to LA to KFI which is you know the big time. That's I think he's going there Well, at least it's step up. Thank God. Right Well, I tell you you know it's uh we're pretty bummed out about it because we had a good thing going here But you know that's what they do best is screwing around with success and they weren't making enough money to Keep the eight billion dollars of float and we're just like steps you know while we're gonna get rid of you guys You're painting the ass and that's it But you're still there and there's no no threat to that no threat to that man I got three and a half years left on my deal and it's written in stone. It's engraved in bronze Well, that's that's it's the year at least on the opiote call up every now and then and My boss isn't around anytime especially in the summer when we have no calls Okay pal have a great life listen. I just say one thing. Yeah, Rabbi see you Toronto Maple Leafs fan your still a douchebag Oh, hey, okay pal. Okay happy a so-so-so-so Yeah What is that oh boy even my interest now is falling apart because of the pressure cuz it's 1132 and the trends may be coming in a second What are they coming in? What are you not in your head about why you got your are your and he's got his hands up to his armpits in the boxes of food I don't want to say he's getting a little carried away now, but he's got his all the way up to his earlobes Eat all you want Andy. It's a big party today. We're having a gigantic ratings party We're confident confidence is high. We're soaring like the eagle and flying like the dead bird That's what it is all about over here Because we know that when those numbers start pouring in that it's gonna be a gigantic parade Even a people in Chicago with the bulls We never heard about the Michael Jordan thing does anybody know what time that press conference supposed to be The Michael Jordan thing You don't know there's one. Well, that's cuz you're not listening to QAM for crying out loud I mean sooner later they get one thing right or maybe they had a wrong Maybe there isn't any press conference. Maybe they just made it up wouldn't surprise me Here's my amy hello Lumio yes sir. Hi, have you seen the bird cage? No, I have nine have you seen it? Yeah, well fly away sweetie Two open lines in date open up that cage and just fly right out with ed fourth 7519463 in fact let me say it again anybody would waste money on a bird cage just go out and rent the Original Lakaja full much better movie far more last and forget it Here's candle hello How are you okay? Okay, um, but the press conference today isn't for Michael Jordan is for Phil Jackson the coach oh And there's supposed to announce whether or not they're gonna give him a new contract or if they couldn't agree to one And he'll go somewhere else so then they're gonna give who a new contract Michael? No, no, no, no, she didn't gonna be for the coach. They're what tell where they talking about on QAM about we're gonna find out whether Michael staying or leaving Because Michael Jordan said that the Phil Jackson goes he's leaving. She talked go to or really yeah Well, if he wants all that money they probably can't afford to pay Phil Jackson Anybody else I don't know about that. We're done at Denise Rodman I don't know about that. What I'm hearing he said what's gonna happen to Phil Jackson leaves the Jordan ghost in New York and Rodman goes to Orlando And it's it's also confusing I don't know if he did this rotten Denise Rodman is going to Orlando That's what I heard he's going to Disney world up It's been like a glove you're bad. Okay, if you think the Southern Baptist repissed Disney before just wait Exactly, that's what they'll be saying okay pal. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See there's a little info To feel Jackson press conference not a Michael Jordan conference or get it right where you place you but plugs over there You don't know what you're talking about what you're gonna get something straight What are you gonna straighten it out okay? Just once I'd like to be able to turn on somebody talking about sports and get some accurate info By the way, you notice now on in Marlin's games they're calling up Devon White Devo and every time I hear them say that I think they're saying default I haven't seen him around here lately. He must be playing center field He's the pivot man Here's a highly hello He quiet here today pal pretty quiet. Is it really? Oh, I think it is so quiet It's bubbling the energy here today, but the audience is just sleeping on the retreat somewhere like rip-and-winkle They're ripping it well, I've cracked a week in the champagne already for the upper your numbers coming in And I'm right there. Gotta be gigantic. I'm ready. Okay. I got this little piece of information here from you from the July article of a Playboy magazine see and it said we know it's really short I'll read it to you it's only about four five senses okay, okay? It says doubts are not lie It says just how big is the religious right the Christian coalition claim of 1.8 million members and supporters may be based on faith alone According to figures father the US post office and uncovered by Americans United separation of churches They the coalition has just 310,000 subscribers to its Christian American magazine Boy, which is sent to anyone at least a 15 dollar contribution to the organization father-old who yeah And the circulation is the circulation of the magazine was down 43,000 from last year Yeah, boy, so what does that tell you huh? Yeah, 310,000 members. I think we got more members in the boys cuts of America And yeah, probably some of the same people too Father-rode tool he likes the boys cuts out there to do that You know and him has a kid. I mean handle them so pretty well, you know, he didn't get involved in his at air Well, he didn't look at me and he I when he shake this amp, but that's okay He said world you think maybe when you guys play on the Canadian team together for the Olympics that you guys might do get out during practice It's like Juvenile I mean Juvenile's not even the one me Oh, I mean I can't believe it that these people are actually on the radio But you should know their crap man. I'll tell you yeah, but I could really all crap me who's a little name I thought you'd like that good news about the Christian coalition. Thanks for the good news We don't get in 10 members. Okay, three three members Okay It's going Good day, but see you. Thanks a little bit like Arnold there didn't they have to give you what a done a good army Two upper lines at day boy word deadly now. Let's get those trends in here Okay, let's have something to go and on to sink our teeth into we sides the lunch from Wayne Arnold Because it is brutal here today. What is wrong with you people seriously can't you can't you conduct an Intelligent conversation about the important topics of our time. Okay, can't you really sink your teeth into the major things that are like an impediment to the future of the human race Like for example how the burning of all those black churches around America since that brother who turned it early that day that professional black And I'm not really sure what he meant by that, but he I think he had a good point What are we gonna do about burning down all them churches? Probably we're doing people of people's of favor If you ask me, but again again. That's just my anti religion opinion and I never gonna change Seven five how about building more schools and tearing down a lot of churches and all those Shools and all those stupid places That sounds real good to me how about a place where they can learn something instead of much of ace ops fairy tales 1138 at WIO D the racing action heats up this weekend to call to race course on Saturday It's the grand slam one four stakes races led by the hundred thousand dollar emerald dunes handicap the 100 thousand dollar princess Runehandy cap the fifty thousand dollar Roman brother states and the thirty five thousand dollar Coral Springs handicap plus the first 10 thousand fanceter They get a free collector's gift and there will be some alcasting action of the aris cities from Churchill downs and full card Samel casting for Belmont and Monmouth then Sunday Come on out to call her for live music from the gene group a big band featuring Jack Platt They'll be playing at one thirty p.m. in the picnic area and then enjoy exciting racing action with a Sommel cast of the Ohio derby from Thistle down and full card Sommel casting for Belmont and Monmouth too That's the grand slam on Saturday and live music and Sommel casting action on Sunday This weekend a call to race course just to block north at your Robbie Stadium with racing now Thursday through Monday Rain or shine or hairlers later whatever they're doing it new post times weekdays 115 weekends one o'clock An entertainment radio 6th WIO D They're smoking it out in the Everglades You'll see y'all Can you believe that this machine? I think this must be like a right wing machine as soon as she said there's smoking it out in the Everglades I hit it in this damn thing right way back to the beginning again I think it's a damn uh Dr. Kennedy conspiracies but I said Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah." I'm gonna talk to myself. Okay, let's see, WOD 25 to 54 overall 3-8 to a 3.4. Doesn't portend really good things to it. Doesn't look really a problem. Then she only gave me like morning drive numbers. We still need to just come out off the press. Not too good. And spite of all that tremendous marketing that was done. It's part of the tremendous promotional campaign. Rick and Spud in the morning, oh, okay. What? What were we just talking about? What? The exact promotional campaign? No, before that. Before we start talking about numbers. I can't read numbers anymore. My eyes must be my blood sugar going up from all the food. Although there's only atkins here. 3-5 to 2-9 in the morning at... Jamie German? Oh yeah, Jamie German, anybody here are the news. Because I don't see it in the paper about the U of M football player. Jamie German and maybe, but I didn't hear it. So we'll have to get affirmation on that confirmation. We could have another arrest of a U M football player. I heard the thing about Dion Sanders, and that was just because he wanted to go fishing. He couldn't resist a bass. Third. By the way, did you ever see a band? Oh boy, there's a little... Let's see, who's doing good news? There's another one of these ethnic monster. W-A-M-R number 125 to 54 in morning drive. Radio, amor, 9.1. Hot 6.3, a little drop there, but they're number two. They're like 3 points behind. So between Espanol and the Black Station there, we got 15.4 points in the Howardwood down a little bit. In the morning from a 5-4 to a 5-3. EDR down to a 4-8. Wild 100. Radio, romance, 4-5, Zeta, 4-5. Power, 4-5. Coast, 4-0. Magic, life, IOD, kiss, love, Q-A-M. One-9 to a 2-0-3. Oh, oh, there's smoke in it now, baby. They're on fire over there on Q-A-M. A 2.3 in morning drive. With a number like that, they must be on their way to success. I knew once they got Andrew Asson of Woods off the year, they'd be starting to do big things. So they got gode on. You know what I'm talking about? Steak old steam. Who sounds like scraping your ass on a blackboard, that voice. That's what put them over the top. Plus I think Joe Rose finally got his teeth fixed. Okay, we got two open lines in date. I got no idea what we got because she brought in like a partial thing. There's, I guess they're like dragging us out, making them to a big, suspenseful thing. They only brought in the bad stuff. You follow what I'm saying? In other words, probably the rest of the day numbers are pretty good, but they brought in the bad, depressing stuff. I think that's a little game plan there. I wonder who's behind that. 7-5-1-Wiod, DB got two open lines. And day we got a pair in Broward, waitin' for you. We got a big pair there in Broward. 5-2-4-Wiod was 1147. He was talking entertainment radio, 16-W-I-O-D. I'm not a cop, you okay. Okay, whatever you say, sweet, our 1150-Wiod, I'm still waiting for the rest of these numbers. Now, like the next ones would be midday and afternoon, 25-54. I would assume, but I don't see anybody rushing down the hall. I don't see anybody shooting papers under the door thing over here. It's like real slow, okay? It's coming real slow. I'm going to charge Gord, no slower than that. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. You see the mall and glamor here at last night? No, I did not. Well, I'll tell you something. Last year, I was going to quit. Yeah. I'll tell you why. I've worked with some group. He had 12-3 and is a C8 ending because I really don't know how many Aates. And who do you think he could read? I don't know. Don't tell me they lost the game. Yeah, yeah. When I saw they were hits, they just had gone a hit, three to two and a eighth. I'm going to measure what happened. I want to create an Aatec today. One, two, one. It is bonds and Williams. Yeah. He's got the weak part of the line of coming in and the next. And it's plus to be a windy and cold out there. I want you to go in and say, yeah. I mean, you know something. He's, because I think he's going to, the night, and he don't like boy, because he's in the group. He brings in then. Now, then the day before they both two hits are run, working guys. He's not in the group. Yes. The two innings. Now why do this? I sure did one he did that. Bain, they goes the ball game. Worker, they could, wasn't some group. You know, the take them out. The other guy is called, I don't understand his managing. I think he's stupid. There you go. Well, they blew the ball game. A guy here, when a couple earnings, a man gave up two runs, made it a tie, a prison on it, and he wanted that like the 15th, the 16th again. Again, and again, and a guy had a arm around with two-on and two-out and knocked them out. I'm telling you, they gave that game away. Oh, hey! I can guarantee you sir, if you heard that game, I would have thrown out. Never take break it out unless you start him. They go and attack the Mario, you think he's tiring, he wasn't. But if you're in him, stop tonight and he gives up a head or a rock, then you're bringing then, and it's no, but you do not take him out completely for then. Then right now, is in a bad shape. He's throwing round balls, a bounce element, anything, you know? He's not, he's not the name that he used to know. Okay. I say, last minute of quick. We're putting you on a bus today. Hey, do some other things too. So as you get back at the tower, put your ass on a bus. Two-on-base. Okay, pal. No, no, I can't. I can't handle it anymore. I can't take it. Oh, well, I'm telling you. It's enough to make you fun. Okay, he's telling me. He's gone. Now we can be grateful for that. And when you're switching to cheers, cost us the game, it's clear that has a danger. You are quite clean. Just walk away, honey. We can't take you out of Jingle on a door. Your brothers and two-speck-end, both of you have to stay in it. Go back where you came. We should sit here and see how it all goes. We're always ready. And we can get the dinner with the plate in his grave. Just walk away, honey. We can't take you out of Jingle, Marley's home. Your brothers and two-speck-end, both of you have to stay in it. Go back where you came. Okay, so the ratings are in. We really abit the big one, baby. And I'm going to tell you right now what it was. It was all at hockey talk. For it we went from a six-four to a five-six. We went from number one to number three, who's on top of the coat, although I'll be honest with you, the coast and a rodeo romance have a five-seven. And we got a five-six. So guess what between 10 and two, we're still number one. Oh, how do you like that? George, maybe we're number one, yeah, sure we are. Because Phil went from a four-one to a three-nine. Although he had the smallest drop of anybody. That's because he wasn't talking about hockey every day. Hockey, hockey, hockey. As much as I love it, didn't I tell you folks that? That it was going to put us in the tank. Oh, no, everybody in town is all up there. You're right, give me a break. And now that the season is over, we got a few holdovers from that. Who still want to talk about how come we didn't win one game in the finals. And the rest of the audience is, has earned your heartwell would say, long gone, Ediboy Ernie. You're still sound good to me, pal. You're okay in my book, even if you're from Georgia. So how about the bitch and night there? How about her? You know, you really got to feel sorry for her in a way. Don't you? You don't? Yes, you do. I mean, talk about a lame duck. Isn't that what he discusses on that show, lame duck's? Two-oh-two-oh-one-seven. Ednite, seven minutes. So now that it's a whole station went into toilet. And now I've been in line with her saying, See, we told you, thank God we dumped that turkey. Okay, we know they were worth a crap. We're still doing about a six-year here midday between ten and two. Phil is still doing over a four-shared inning after noon. Mornings I can't begin to explain to you. But that's another story for him to give an ex-yoke, he didn't build a marauder. Plus I won't be here anyway, so what do I care what he says? But, I mean, what's the story, Lund? What did the Hummer do? What did the Hummster do when he afternoon? He's the big Hockey Expert. Two-seven to a two-seventy state flat. He stayed fat and flat, right where he was, the Hummster. And Phil beats the stuffings out of him once again. But we just had another down trend. We had a disturbing turn for the voice. And I'll tell you right now, it's too much Hockey Talk on here. Are you listening, Rimmer? I'm telling you right now, too much Hockey. There aren't no Hockey fans in his town. And spite of all these people running around with their rubber rats and their damn banners, they're stupid flags. They wouldn't know a hockey puck from a Tim Horton Biggle. We got people like Rachel Alexander in his town. That's what we got. Bao Bao Bao, Peek, Kao Kick. That's the man. I told you that was the epitome of this town. That and I think about Tim Horton who runs the local Dono Chop in summer side. That's what this town's all about. And I got sucked into two solid months of Hockey, Hockey, Hockey, Hockey, Hockey, Hockey, Hockey, Hockey, a China quail hockey. God, almighty. And all the while this was going on, I kept it in myself. What's this obsession with hoax? Exactly. All the while this was going on as much as I like it. There's lots of things I like a lot. Believe me, like Nick Stark, Nick, they're on a young and restless. But am I going to see you talking about that hour after hour every day? Of course not. Of course I'll be down to a point too. Here's the Davy. Hello. New? Yes sir. Yeah, I like to know. You know the trophy as they got some more top, probably the player. Yeah. Do you know what was on top of that trophy? What was on top? Yeah, do you know what that was? I didn't see it, so what do you mean, do I know what it was? Well, it was a building. You know what's building it was? Maple Leaf Gardens. Oh, boy. The other. Okay. See you around, eh? Other connuck. Boy, he sure had a lot to say eh. Spare some change, Mr. Have a good night, eh? We have an open line in day, 751. We got at least a panhandlers up there are polite. You know what I'm saying? They don't come out and try to wash your window. And they don't kind of like jump up any out of the dark at the intersections. They just sit there up against the wall freezing their ass off. Spare some change, Mr. Have a wonderful night, eh? What's this gorgeous leaf game? Oh, man. All the lines are open and brown. We're like not doing a show here right now. And I blame it on a hockey is what I blame it on. That's what I'm telling you right now. If I have to hear that song one more time, we love you, Giza. Oh, yes, we do. Take that song and just go screw. Oh, my God, if I got to hear that one more night that I mean, Joel and Don't take it personally. You're great. I love you. The anniversary songs. The all time best. But that hockey song. That's what put us down to a five six right there. I'll tell you that. Make no mistake about it. And I could just see that bonus money, George slipping away. I can hear clearance car racing right now. Flip it away. You can feel it. Flip it. You can feel your slip and the Broward lines man. If you basted, don't get off your ass. Not only will Phil Henry be gone. Neil will be gone. Rick and Suds will be gone. The sixth bitch is going to be gone. Everybody's going to be gone. And they're going to be playing Hungarian Mazzercas on here. 24 hours a day. Once Paxton has this radio station. I guarantee that I promise you that. You can bet your life on it. Okay? Because this town man, they don't know when they got it good. Just like this company. They don't know when they got it good. They see these numbers and they said, well, guess what? It wasn't so good. You know something I may have a point. 12 plus. What kind of a dive did we take in 12 plus? Oh, geez. Overall station 35 to a 29. Oh, man. One month must have been the worst month in history. Oh, yeah. The hockey talk. This town was on fire about that. Your numbers are going through the roof. Right, Rimmer. W-I-O-D, 6 to 10 AM 12 plus 3 4 to a 2 7. Oh, my God. A deathnell. Midday. 5 8 to a 4 7. Oh. God. From right up there. I know I'm late. That's show weight. Whoever it is, away. It'll wait. Whoever who's in there. I'm not done. Think I'm going to leave Phil Henry out. Afternoon drive Phil Henry. 3 6 to a 3 1. Now we're done. Thanks to the relationship. W-I-O-D, Miami Ford Lodderdale. News talks on entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D. The fire is falling. She won your heart in the nearer cool worker. Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audio tapes, found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey. Death jam records makes available to you. Helen Keller sings the blues. A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out of pound a sound. The water yours. Have your credit card ready. And call 1-800. Order now. We'll get a bonus to Spastonets by Barley and Johnny Ray. Okay, they're looking over these latest numbers in programming. Yeah, I agree with you Steve. They really suck. Okay, and it's that hockey stuff, man, and kill this. Too much, too one-dimensional, kill the entire radio station. I take full responsibility, not because I'll be honest with you. We're still sitting here with a six-year. We're still doing almost a five-share 18 to 34 in persons, which means we're probably doing a nine or 10 and 18 to 34 men. On a station with no marketing, no promotion, no concept. In a lame duck radio station, we're doing okay. But too much hockey talk, man. Too much. Oh no. Give it a rest. And bulk those damn things. Put them away, you maniac. There's a close-all street, I'm standing in there. You guys see this, and there's no doubt. I'm telling you too much. And that's all we got left now. And those people still want to talk about. We still got a chance to win the cup. That's what we got. All these bandwagon jumpers, all these phones. And by the way, Channel 4, thank you so much for helping put us over the top by not mentioning 610 Wiod, or what time I was on, or who the hell I was, except. Top rated talk host Neil Rogers, who did all this stuff for us for free. And we never bothered sending him a note of a card or a literary demo. A piece of crap saying, thank you so much. Because we're such hot shots over here. We're in television, you should be kissing our ass. Thank you so much for all that great publicity channel for. Thank you so much. That we're sitting over here at a time where we really thought we could screen. And what I think I think it's fixed. I think it's fixed. You notice how that number is suspiciously dropping below, even between 10 and 2, what it's going to be right. What no one's talking about for the bonus? Yeah, I'm probably want up for the whole book like about a 5.9, a 0.594 or something like that. Yeah. Kind of makes you wonder, don't it? Like the fixed might be in, like maybe what else did Cox enterprise get it to besides Syracuse, New York? Like maybe an operation in Beltsville, Maryland, huh? That could be kind of interesting. Here's my, my Emmy, hello. Hey, I've done one now. Mel, I don't know if you had on before the break was it was Mel, yeah. I thought he, okay. Yeah, he's not sounding quite as good as he used to, but hey, under these circumstances, what do you expect? I've got a funny story to tell you about, you're one of your favorite airlines, Mr. Harris and the airlines. Carnival, I had called yesterday to confirm a couple flights in New York. Uh-huh. And along the whole, there were canceled and taken off the board without even then being bothered, you know, give me the courtesy of calling me or anything. You know, I had a time, you know. They completely just took them right off the board. Well, I like helps to make life a carnival, but it's okay. There was a blessing in this guy's because I was able to switch the Delta at a lesser fair. How do you like that? How do you like that? Most of the time. First of all, I like you. I like to know what that Mickey Eris and works in mysterious ways. Is nobody says? Yeah. I liked it. Well, when was the last time it, a charter flight with the sports team ever went down? That's a good idea. I come to mind that which it told state was the best people was the best about team years ago to have a plane crash, but you... Yeah. Talk to me never here, but, you know, it's a... Don't you find a little unusual? They can never here with a sports team that's... No, I don't. How many of how many of you playing crass somebody built for that yesterday? How many crashes are there? Well, how many? That's very, very few for sure. How many a year would you say on the average in this country? How many? Three? Two? Right. Two. Right. So what are the odds that how many of the flights are there with sports teams on them as compared to just regular passengers? Right. Minimal. Minusual. Well, the best thing that came out of this whole deal was the hopefully the airline to be a little bit safety- I think what you're trying to say is if the reds plane crashes, you hope Marges honor is what you're really trying to say. Is that what you want to say? Yeah. I think you got a point. Why? Why? I was one of the one fast questions. You know, when the 95, 96, four to Panther Highlight, tape might be coming out? I should be any day. Any day now? That should go pretty quickly. That'll go like hotcakes, and I'm sure that they'll expect me to be plugging the hell out of it, too. So I can go down to about a four-share. Okay, pal. Nice talking. Have a great life. Okay, and day lines wide open. When we need you the most, I just got through a learning into this. We've been thrown to the wind. We were like, I told you we were like a ship had lost it sea for many months before all it started, but that once the sail was announced here back in May, whatever the hell did they was. At that point, we've just been casted drift. They just pulled up the anchor. They just sliced us off and we're just floating out here. That's really looking for somebody's for a friendly hand, for a helping hand, for somebody to throw us a life wrap. Somebody who cares. And in this time, man, looking for that is like looking for a needle in a hay crack. We're back on etiquette. In the end, 7519-463, deadlines did empty on a day when we were expecting big things and we wind up with little things. You ever had that, you're expecting something really big and fantastic and juicy. And you wind up with something small and like all curled up and very unappetizing. Yeah, that's going to be our new motto at IOD. It's shrinking. It's a party out there. Walt Disney Picture is freezots on touching story of a little boy named James. Oh, it's huge. Siscal and e-burt say it's a stiff. Jean-Challenge is somebody got this yet. James and the giant penis. Now showing it theaters everywhere. And you'll wonder why the Baptist are pissed off, huh? 1216, a WOD, so I'm here to announce it takes a big man to take a big fat humble man to admit when he was wrong. Humps to your right. Your right, Humper. The Hummer was right. I'm telling you right now. That hockey has got a very narrow interest in this town. It's growing. I will grant you, but it hasn't grown enough. And believe me, the Humper and I can both relate to that. It hasn't grown enough. I'm telling you, it's just a sad situation. Remember that's the way it is down here because it's like you're talking about something foreign. Something from a foreign country like Canada. They don't know what it's all about. They haven't got the foggy as clued. This guy, where can I go get a book or guy? Yeah, but watch it at Sins February. The neutral zone. Ain't that the spot where they start the game with a face off right there? It's centralized. Yeah, that's the neutral zone. That little dot. It's centralized. Where it's got the little team logo. And it says, what's dot? Man, all man. Even a people in India know better than that. They know their dots. Jesus. Joseph and Philippina. This is the most excruciatingly disgusting in this man. On the day before I go on vacation. And after leave here with all of this crap up in the air. Like they say in value, Jeff, with all this crap up in the air. But you know what I say. You throw enough crap up in the air sooner. Later it'll come down. What are we going to do about those four Boko Brian CDs that he wants us to try to give away? I guarantee you, nobody will take those. Now that we got a lot of these lines. Look up. Why do we want to start with giveaways anyway? Now that we got the sympathy vote coming in. Here's the keys on the purple line. Hello. Hey, what's up? Krish on the keys. Here's the key. Same old crap. Yeah, pretty boring, huh? Yeah, we're just pushing to you all day or really hilarious. I am. I think it all a good time. I hope kill for you, right? Yeah, look at that guy that caught up dead. No idea about hockey, but neutral zone in the center. Yeah, the center, the opening face office in the neutral. So while he's got a point, it is somewhere in there. You think after the whole season, you think you know that. He started in February. The season ended like in the middle of June. And he's finally caught on at the puck. He's got a frozen bagel from Tim Horton's right. What a freak. Yeah. We call up. It's really pouring down here. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, if you think it's pouring down here, you want to be up here, pal. Hey, haven't I saved? And back to you, pal. Good luck. Fine. Okay. Don't drop the soap down there in a key's man. You've got to watch yourself at all times. Open line in the upper line. Pound IOD Mobile 180 T. R.L.S. Come on. We want to even a Pond Beach people. Now we're extending our hand to friendship. We desperately want to bring back the alienated masses out there. Who've been just dist. They've been dist and the tossed. Because we were talking to four language to them. And I apologize profusely for that. I'll never get that carried away a certain amount. You got to keep people tuning their everyday for a few laughs for a little bit about Rages Crap. They don't tune in their everyday for the same old tired man. Not in his way. Love you, neither my way. We really do. Get out of here with that. Blow that out from a place. Okay. Kill it. Kill it. Day after day after day after day. Like the majority of the people out there knew what that was all about. Just take a look at the look on Cheryl's post. That'll tell you everything you need to know. She looks like her puppy just died. She looked like she just developed a bad case of hemorrhage. That's the look on her post. Man, she looks like the judge just came back. Without any money. Yeah. She just looked like a caught her in a big fat line that the position yesterday or something. That's what she looks like. I didn't say they did. I'm just saying you had that look. I kind of enjoyed mine. I had a great time. I wish it was still going on. I'd rather be there than here. I'll tell you that. Did you ever call Gary Bruce and asshole? What is it? That was my first question. Now is that uncoachier for me to tell us? That's not the net tomato or public record. What is it? You can tell that in the right. That's right. That all depends. Sometimes it's a compliment for some people. Anyway, let's see men. Okay, here's the one demo that we still might be a little bit. We might have a prayer here with a men. Oh geez. Another blow to the heart. Overall, six a.m. Midnight, W.Y.O.D. From a 5.2 in men out of a 4.5. And that's with all the hockey going on. Oh yeah, it's taking us to your. I can't wait to see the numbers. Yeah, remember blowing out your ass. You've phony baloney. But you've got nice bunch of free meals out of it anyway. Fricks the coach in here like a 20 after one o'clock. Six to 10 a.m. Let's see. What is this men? Oh, not on the first page. Four, four to three, six. How do you like that? How do you like them, road apples? This is shocking. Okay, midday men. Okay. Oh, geez. From an 8.7 to a 7. Oh, God. Yeah. I mean, 7.7. Still good enough to be number one by more than two points. And especially from 10 to two, we still probably got an 8 something, which is not bad. But a precipitous drop there. A precipitous drop like in a tank in the toilet. Afternoon drive men, five, four to four nine. Oh, boy. What's the homer got there any afternoon? If I can read the, is that it? QA, I think that's it. Four one. Yeah, homer's got a four one and what's filled God? Four nine. Oh, yeah. He's still a bit to my pretty good margin there. But anyway, that's the story. We had a disastrous trend there. And of course, that's two thirds of the spring book in the bag right there. And the third month of the winter book was your cutter was it bad? Do we know? It wasn't all that good, because we, uh, now wasn't really good. But it certainly wasn't a disaster like this last month must have been. It must have been a death now, a nightmare. A career ending, uh, pierced through the heart is what it feels like to me. Exactly. And then that too. So it's either these numbers or way and Arnold's or combination of both that are just starting me to get ready for a mad dash down the hallway down. No stairs into the magic room and just for hours. I'm getting all of this out of my system. I'm telling you right now, I can't handle it folks. This business with month after month and trend after trend book after book after book after book. The only thing left to try to sell itself is anything out of your life is education. Oh, sounds good. So like I said, happy day to you folks. It's Thursday and it's almost over. It's 12.22 at WIOD. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You've been as impressed by the host guest. The host guest. The host guest. Yeah. Yeah. Give it a rest. Look at that. Even it's a wrong thing. I'm going to work now. Are you bringing more of this crap in here? God, I'll might even direct has a limit. Oh, women. We don't want to see that. I can just imagine what that number must be. Oh, look at a minus. So anyway, 12.27. Let's have a lot more hockey talk. I locked the door. Make sure that rumor don't get in here again. Okay. Look at the number he had on QA. I mean, like a minus what? It comes over here. It is kind of like rubbing off. The watery can't get a gig. Jesus. So what do we got? Women. We got anything. And women. We were doing pretty well. Making nice comeback. And women until hockey got the heavy duty there. And then all of a sudden, tell Woody Graber by the way, that I want my damn airplane tickets and the stop being such a snorow. Okay, don't have any money for him. The last thing he's getting out of me is any cash. Look how long I don't take. I ever did get that 66 bucks back that over paid him last season. Oh, yeah, you got it. Yeah, right. Whatever you say, Woody, I believe you. Women. Oh, we're not on the first page. Joe, that's for sure. We're like all three four to two point two. Look at that number, huh? Man, oh, man. Oh, my God. Name in. Okay, let's just move along. We've been through a lot of these. The ups to downs, the ins and the outsets, the business. That's what it's all about. But I'll tell you what to get your kill in some really good time for me. Here's a lady in Hallendale. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, man. Okay. Um, did you see this? This is not a lady. Is this a kid? Yes. Okay. Okay. You know when the pinthers first started. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. We have two on the green lines. Pregnant probably works for a 1 2 a.m. Your ride Hank, it's a football town homster. You're right. I apologize, Homer. All you other sport ride on the apologize to them because they're a bunch of assholes. That was sunny fox doing on the phone. You said before. Were you serious? He joking. No, I'm serious. He what? He wanted to tell you that he lost 37 pounds on the edkins. So why didn't he tell me that on the air? He was the logical. He got to his destination. Yeah. You got to hear. You pussy. He's not our aquarologist. Hi, this is sunny fox. I listen to you. I just could hear the word asshole. Who are you kidding, man? He lost how much did you say 37 pounds on the scatkins? Yeah. Well, I was going sunny. You're all kind of my book. How did sunny do by the way? We never even looked at that because we've kind of forgotten about him. And evidently so is the audience. Just a joke, sunny. Now they've been having a precipitous decline of their own over there. It magic. In fact, they're going to change it to tragic 102.7. Let's say not flat. Three six to a three six. That's okay. Hold up your own. You're going to have to go to the end. Another wrong with that. It's a small but select group. It's the baby boomers. That's it. Keep coming up with some other slogan for it. And go out there and pedal some cheap spots. That's a boy, sunny. Wait till Westinghouse buys your ass out. Then you'll see what it's like when the station you're working for gets blood out from under your feet. In this case, we're delighted. Okay. And I think they are too. Yeah. It was all over. We tried everything. We could look at all the tremendous promotional stuff we had going on here during this last month. During these last how many months. When's the last time we ever had a spot? We had a somebody with a sandwich, board, slept it up and down, looking, wrote, mulls, saying hey, we got something good on here. On a, I'm tunaed in. And the most amazing part of this trend is that it appears fuel was least scared from anybody else. I mean, he dropped too, but only from a full one to a three night. So his last month was probably better than anybody's. And he's out. How do you like that? He's out. So like I said, I think that this whole thing the fix was in. Because Bob Neal signature's on a bottom of each page. Here's Davey. Hello. Yeah. I'm here. We're waiting for you. Hey. We're not going anywhere. What's in the me? I'm leasing. Who knows most points for a most, who does the record for most points in the game? We have an open line at Broward 5249463-524WOD. We got two on a green line. That's under like the ghost of Tim Horton calling in. It was a bad connection, Tim tried again. Okay. Eat a couple of bagels with cream cheese and butter. And call us back, Tim. I mean, not sounded too good. And get a haircut. Wait a minute. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I know you're a chance to round for call, so I came to your aid. Well, I'm not that desperate. Okay. Well, anyway. Regarding to Brian Blades thing. I have. Remembering everything. The magic word is always look where the money is. And you have. Like I said, I'm not that desperate. We have an open line in date. 751WOD. We got two on a green line. We got four copies of Boca Brands. Great CD to give away here. On capital records. So we got that German story. We got one? That German story. Jamie German? Yeah. What's your story? Jamie German, Jeff Taylor and James Burgess were charged with battery for beating up some other guy. Oh, so tracks. Oh, no. Get this for saying that Jamie is gay. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Is he? So somebody said the call Jamie a faggot and three of them three of them. Three of them. Three of those big boat. You went. Anthony, it's beat the snata of some guy. So there we go again. Get another wasn't bad enough the Dion Sanders. At least he never played a U of M. That's something. Okay. That's one thing we can say is that Neon Dion, who we out there, fish were anti. He's a drop in his pole. We're not supposed to be. Look what that did to Mike Tyson. He was dropping his pole where he wasn't supposed to. And it let his ass in the slamer. For like, however, what? 18 months or whatever was somebody ought to tell Neon. Deon and all those other go. They don't drop your pole where it's not supposed to be going. He couldn't resist a bass. Right. Maybe it was the smell of the bass that got them all worked up. I don't know what it was. Or maybe it was that little bass, turd. But anyway, so here's another UM thing. Three more UM football players with not a little scandal on their hands. Is there anybody on the University of Miami football team, the judges husband and father and everybody else's side, or if sorry ex husband, is there anybody I'm talking about judge Levo, not that judge? I'm talking about Susie. Let him go Levo, whits. Yeah, what happened to the end of your name sweetheart? What happened to the whits on Levo? I guess he lost half her whits. She's a half-wit. That's right. She lost most of her whits. That's why she lets all her criminals go. They drop the whits off Levo whits. I love it. Oh. Go ahead, your pastor. How do you like that? See, that's what happens to you is when you start changing the name like toroger stuff like that. Self-hating kind. Exactly. Done to spick. Respawn. Red sea pedestrian. Short stuff. Cameljockey. So anyway, let's go to, yeah, cheese man. Here's Helen Dale, hello. Hello. Yes sir. We don't eat falafel. Jews don't eat no falafel. Yes sir. Yes sir. You talk to me? I'm talking to you right now. Oh my god, I've been holding you too long. Hey, what? Neel, don't be worried. We're all behind you. Yeah, I listen to you all. Too much hockey, too much hockey. I'm not going to panic with the hockey. I'm telling you right now. I'm listening to you. How do you like that? They'd lost the wits off Lebo Wits. What does that tell you about that judge, huh? Yeah, what are you talking? My name is Lebo Wits. So what are you talking? Your name is Lebo Wits? Yeah, and I cheat back connected with me. I disowned her years ago. Yeah, good. Yeah, one of the things I saw. I think she's a goi and drag if he asked me. Neel, I don't want anything. I think she's got the hurricane. I don't want her cheeks. I don't want money. I don't want tickets. Good one. Whatever. Because I love listening to her. Oh, this is what we got. We got the one. We got the one. We got the one. One other thing. You don't know McDonald carried you. My son is here for Tennessee. Yeah, all from Tennessee. I don't know if he was here. I even went to Tennessee. He's going to be popular over there. You want to say hello to him? No, not necessarily. For what? But what? He's got something to say. Okay, I'm listening. All right. Here we are. Oh, yeah. Hello, Mr. Neel. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay, Mr. Lebo Wits. Okay. I'm phoning visiting my parent. Uh-huh. I live in Nashville, Tennessee. Oh, my God. You live in Nashville. Oh, my God. Jesus. It's an armpit of the universe. No, it's a wonderful play. Oh, yeah. Three interstate. We're getting the Houston Oilers in three years. Yeah. Oh, I voted against it. Yep. And God help us all. Send a lot of Gillette blue blades up there. All the women need to shave up their ranchfield. No, no. No, no. I've been there. Don't tell me, Mr. Conception. I was there for a month. The longest month of my life. When will you die? 1980. Oh, gosh. Oh, no. There was one big old shop in 1980. Wow. This one on every corner. Okay, great. Please come visit. Okay, pal. God bless you. Hold your breath. Okay. See how did Tim Horton for me? I will. Okay. We have an open line in dates. 751WildD. We've got one in Broward. I have to for. I want to hear right now from some of the people who might be listening. Who have made it come back now that hockey season is over. Who wanted the Nouns and rail against the two months solid that the insanity that went on on this radio station, especially between 10 am and 2 pm. Day after day after day as I lost my senses. As I took leave of my senses because we were surrounded by a sea of insanity going on around us here. Because we're like steps, children lost reaching out a hand saying, please, somebody grab it for us in our hand too. 1236WI loved that thing about Judge Lebo with man. I think we finally found the reason for that. She left her with and you know what rhymes with whits? Exactly. That's what it gives me when I think about that bitch. Or maybe it was Wayne Arnold's. 24 till 1 at WildD the racing action. In fact, I'm sure it's a combination of both. Trust me what I tell you. The racing action heats up this week at a Cauder Race course on Saturday. It's the Grand Slam 1, 4 Stakes Race is led by the $100,000 Ample Dunes handicap. The $100,000 Princess Rune handicap, the $50,000 Roman brother stakes and the $35,000 cross brings handicraft. Cap. Plus the first 10,000 fans get a free collector's gift and there'll be some casting action of the Aristides from Churchill Downs. He was Greek, you know, and full card some casting from Belmont and Monmouth. And then Sunday come up to Cauder for live music from the Jean Cruppa Big Band featuring Jack Platt. Uh-huh. They'll be playing at 130 PM in the picnic area in enjoy exciting racing action with a Sammel cast of the Ohio Derby from Pistol Down and full card Sammel casting for Belmont and Monmouth on Sunday too. That's the Grand Slam 1 this Saturday and live music and Sammel casting action on Sunday. This weekend a Cauder Race course just two blocks north of Jorabbi stadium with racing Thursday through Monday, Rainer Shrine. Get out there, punch your brains out. Have a wait a little bit time. Post times brand new post times weekends 1 PM weekdays 115. I can have an orgasm just riding down 95. How! A really older races and some nanny and just smoke like a feed you're a dashes in your look like a troll. Enter hit the crotch of those to show that you were out of control. You've got a shoe size at 50,000 in your mouth really comfy and your team has a ring in its nose. How's that you want to think free your views of race really soon? You're a little bit sexy, Captain. Okay, now march, not, no, what everything's about. This is this, this is that you march, not big shirt. As both feet gently and firm out. You've got a nice new day, can not be dangerous. No first, don't go down that low. We're talking about this, focus me. Now march, shot, we're talking about the truth. She ain't got woohoo. Oh! You know, Bob Greene, I want to tell you something. You're all a bunch of sentiment bitches. I just hate what you said. What are they? Do you want to get rid of this old kite on the phone? You're gonna throw away the drain. I'm not gonna be a loser. I'm not gonna be a loser. I'm gonna be a loser. I'm gonna be a loser. I'm gonna be a loser. I'm gonna be a loser. I'm gonna be a loser. Talk 41 at WD. There's the, that's the tip off. Anybody that's visiting like the guy from Nashville, it's just called, if you just came into town and it's the first time you've been in South Florida. That's kind of the epitome of what this town is all about. The very nice lovely lady who just heard there. We have two open, we have one, we look at that. We got some calls on it. Now I sure hope that I don't want those bokeh Brian things. Here's what, and now so what was the upshot with Woody Graber on a hockey ticket? It's not that I want to start up with that stuff again, you know? There's a dream that lives, deep in the heart. So what was the upshot? I told him you're not gonna get any money out of him before July the first. Right. He's going on vacation and he called you a fat fag and hung up from. Did he really? No. Huh-huh. Woody Graber must have split up with his boyfriend. We have an open line in Broward, maybe his boyfriend maybe that operation worked on the guy's eyes. Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. Hey, yeah, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I just was out in 1995 and they're taking down the panther flag. Yeah. All those left go pass. I'd be happy to know they finally got the message. Well, it's all the time I would think, I mean it's the 20th of June. They're taking them all down. Yeah, it was wonderful, you know, but this town, it's either a feast or famine either totally indifferent or they pretend to be just totally engrossed. You don't want to mean? I do, I have to be required. Yes, sir. That old guy Robert Doyle and a book of Brian take. Do you hear that, George? This guy wants a book of Brian take. Do you have any idea that you just made book of Brian's day? Oh, I definitely wanted you to go back. And the price is right at twice the price, right? Definitely. And five times this price is right. I'll pay it. Okay, pal, hang on. Okay, give me a broker, Brian, line one, give that guy something. Okay, give him some hemorrhoids. W-Y-O-D, hello. Yes, ma'am. Sir. That's a kid. How's your name? Your name is, why? Jeff. Jeff? Yeah. How old are you? Oh, man. He's a... Yeah. Who's that in the background? Potsking around with a radio, Jeff. Oh, that's my friend, Chris. Chris? How old is Chris? This Chris of Chris? Oh, that's my friend. Jeff? Yeah. He's Chris of the year, but a call to police, Chris. Call 911. We have an open line. You inf... What was he getting? Baptized. It sounded like a lot of water we sound there in a back. Open line and Broward, 5249463524. I got news for it. He wants to put anything we saw the wafer in your mouth. I'd run outside and scream like hell, Kurt. Jeff, whatever your name is. I thought Jeff was Jewish. Here's, uh, Davey. Hello. Hello. Is this Davey? That's what it's. That's what it's. How's it going, Neil? Oh, I don't know. Love the charadee. I got my check in my wallet. I'm sitting here. I got an hour and a quarter to go before I go on vacation. But it's just another one of those days when they really get you down. They really stick their thumb on it. No, it's me. Hey, you know, when Judge Leibault was in school, she thought that Charles Mancer was a misunderstood guy. I think she had a point. She would let him go. Yeah, I would have fried his ass and immediately if not sooner. No questions asked. I got a question for you about the Olympics. Maybe you can answer. The Olympics? The Olympics? Why? Why is Michael Jordan not on the dream team? I have no idea. Probably wanted too much money. Alright. So did Phil Jackson have his press conference yet or what? I don't know. I don't know. Well, whatever it is, it must not have been devastating news because I haven't heard nothing. I guess not. Okay, we'll take part. Can I get a shameless request in and call somebody a douche bag? Yeah. I'd like to request cats in the kettle and starwash. You're a lane dragon, chain smoke and car waxing. Doosh bag. Okay. Back now. So yeah, cats in the kettle. Oh, geez. Oh. I got to reach back here and post you around. Let me tell you right now that little kid that called me for little kids that call up talk shows when they're out of school and got nothing to do. Burn and hell. Okay. I don't want to scare your pal, but little kids. I mean, and there's nothing you can do. I don't care whether you believe in. There's nothing you can do. We'll watch that in a way. That's it. You're done. You're finished. Like two with salonning pal. You're finished. Who's that? A hockey player? Yeah. Good guess. Now, what do you want? Cats in the kettle. Where do I have to find that? Where is the thing in the alphabetical order? You know how easy they would make it with us. They would make it like a snap, like in one like in a heartbeat. Or like maybe if we had more hard drive on a DCS over there, which of course we don't expect that. I think considering what we have behind us and what we have going on in front of us and everything around us, I think we've done pretty damn swimmingly good if you ask me. Where are we going? We're going to a plantation on the purple line. Hello. Good. I got a three pieces on the agenda. Three pieces, yeah. We got a set of one. Thanks. Go ahead. Okay. I got to check from somebody and I wanted to find out if the check was any good. So I went to call his bank. This is the latest in a series of nibbling away at the quality of life. You have to call a 900 number and pay money. My dad checks somebody wrote you was good from the bank. Is that unbelievable? Unbelievable. I mean, in the late moment. Yeah. If you look on your bank statement every month, they're just getting away with more. Unbelievable. Yeah. You want to deal with your money? That's it. How do you put it out of your mattress, man? It's a lot safer than these bogus investments people tell you about. Unbelievable. Right. A fool and his money are soon-far-parted. Next, Pepsi-DC. Have you ever used it? No. Okay. Well, I'll take that back. I think what's the part of time Andy Calb gave me one of those? I don't know. I don't remember. Well, it works fine. Yeah. But it just so happens, Dad. It was like, good. Oh, George gave it to me. Well, I figure. The only thing I don't like about it. What it is? What's that? It'll make you sh**. You're right. But more interestingly, I have discovered that once you start taking them, you can't stop. Oh. Yeah. You know what that's like? Well, it's not like that. Well, it's not like that. Well, it's like that. Well, it's like that. Well, it's like that. And you know what it says on Tom's on the bottle if you've overlooked it. Don't take more than 16 in any one day. I could eat like 30 of those at one sitting easy. They're like candy. Right. Exactly. Well, this is a different thing. It's insidious. It's the drug company. You know, you don't know about it. And it's been prescription for a long time. But I think those things what they do is, you know, it's supposed to lower the amount of acid in your stomach. It's not going to stop taking them. And the S comes back twice as big. So you gotta keep taking it. Yeah. And like when you buy a box, they put two pounds in there. They put all kinds of things. This is like a home new addiction that. Of course, if you only used it like once in a great while, it could make any money of it. It's a very good point. Exactly. Right. Okay. And finally, to close, I was at the, I know you're going to don't hang up now. I was at the panther thing, you know, the goodbye party. Yeah. And I was there with my little kids. And we were standing right near where everybody was going in and out of the, the mouth of the panther there. And as Rimmer was slinking and I used the word slinking away. Yeah. And just gray after all, was over. I yelled at him real loud. I said, hey, Rimmer, what about Neil? And he started. He looked like a rat going back. And with his dad, it was a funny and big. Yeah. I was like, oh, sorry. He looked. Yeah. I mean, he even looked, sorry. It was just a binary. I was unbelievable. It was like, oh, the rat's out of the bag. And I nailed it. I sacrificed two months of my show half of my rating share for the damn Florida Panthers and all of a handful of hockey fans out there. And what do I get? Not even a word of thanks. Not from Channel 4. Not for a Rimmer. Not from Wayne Hypinga. Not from nobody. I thought it was not a thank you. Not up your ass. Nothing. But it was so funny. The look on his face. He was like, you know, like when you, when you talk, he's on the rug and you walk in the walk in front door and he just hit that look. A shot either look. Unbelievable. His tail was between his legs all the way into the locker. Okay. How to share that with you? Delighted and all that. Have a good day, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. I just want to tell everybody that Larry is an actor of fixing douchebag. Okay. What's his rating again out there, bad? Horrential horizontal range. Oh, geez. You know, see what I'm talking about in his damn state. Enough already. Enough. I thought that this was the land of sunshine and fun and outdoor activity, like drowning in the rain and getting hit by lightning a lot. Man, this is getting so ponderous. It is so ponderous. It's unbelievable. God. When is this going to stop? It's a party out there. Talk to the O'You know what I forgot to do? Okay. I wanted to do that now because I'll forget. So what were those numbers to get you out of? I think when you're in Chinese, it ain't pocket chicken butter fat, sign these yet the food tastes great so you don't complain. But that's not chicken in your chicken, child. It seems to me I ordered sweet and sour pork, but God feels on my fork. It's parent here on my fork. There's a cat in the kettle at the beginning. The place that I eat every day and new. They can feed to cat and you'll never know. Once they're out there, I've been no boys. They tried real Kristen dough. Child in I stiff, I wanted more. As he was dialing up his body at the old, had stars had an out today. I lost my appetite. Let's two cats in my belly and they wand to fight. I was sucking on a roll at the top of the two. When I swear I heard it, me who. And that is when I knew. There's a cat in the kettle at the beginning. Think I got a stop eating there at noon. They say that it's beef off the show pork, but it's parent there on my fork. There's a hairball on my fork. So when you told Al Sunstrine, I couldn't attend the dinner that having for a dick-pertons daughter to Marna, because I'm going to be out of town to go like shame on you and start waving at Hamhawk Armoviz. See, that's why they call the extend the invitation. Because they know I'm not going to be here. I'm going on vacation. So channel 4 now is trying to suck up after their grow test behavior. I mean, I'm not expecting like no money. I'm not expecting even like a bunch of flowers or pansies or daffodils. I'm just expecting maybe like a note in the mail saying, thanks, it was really great and your bits were well appreciated and funny and are they suck? But thanks for taking the time to do it for us anyway. At a very well worth the price. You don't say it? Do you follow what I'm saying? I guess they don't. They're a bunch of grave robbers. So what are you saying? The dick-pertons daughter must be a town. It means that dick can't be far away. He's not. He's not a town? Ah, geez. I thought maybe we had dick in town. We don't. That's why I'm getting out. 1252 at WIOD. Here's a poem. One month is gold. They're knackled. Who are you? Yeah, why don't you do that Mr. Mayor? Okay, go ahead, yeah. The poem is called The Ladies of Harding. It's a poem. We knew all of that. Thank you. My face is indie wind. My leather sheet blown up to my chin. Tolling along and my scooter with all of my pros. Trying to ignore the bugged into my nose. My chick is relieving tension. By rubbing my head. But I'm wearing my helmet. So I wish he'd rub my shoulders instead. I've been riding nine hours. And that may sound dumb. My fingers are cramped. My trushies know. The sun is hot. To wind, rubbs me raw. My lady is freezing. To studs off her bra. Even though it's chilly, she's not wearing many clothes. Last time she wore this outfit. She's still a cold throat. Now she wants to get a face lifted. Even though her implants are indie process of shifting. My dear old lady, I love you just like you are. But I first saw you dancing and I could walk. You told me you were a student who liked to reach Shakespeare in chalk. So I offered you a chance to go ride on my hog. We've been together now to the strange in the weird. And I still love your tattoo. But I still hate your beard. People, to deletes. No fart, no fart, no fart. Okay, there it goes. The great dick pertains from Detroit. And the course is nothing quite like dick. 157 at W.I.W. I want 157 almost time to get out of here on my on central time. It's in Chicago, huh? Well, I thought we were ready to blow this joint. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Just having spoken with you the while. I just wanted to say hey. Uh-huh. Welcome back. And um, here's another caller that vanished during all that hockey talk. Oh no, no. I was actually the guy who won the tickets from you. For what? For the, um, players game. Oh. Yeah. And, uh, I'll see if we would have been talking of hockey intensive. You never would have won the tickets. Uh-huh. I got a question for you. Here's this guy, uh, on the other end of the dial-up here. Um, his name is Cliff. Done. I'm, um, where to hell is he? Oh, you mean in Palm Beach? Yeah, we'll forget about him. We'll forget about him. Yeah, we'll forget about him. Read you back from the light bulb. Forget about him. Easy. Yeah. I don't know. I wasn't sure. Ponds come. Um, let me just say hi to that badass on the, uh, the other radio station. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Uh, hello to you. I know you're listening, having up the strumming on right. Yeah. And, uh, I love you. Okay. That's it. We're here. That was funny. Hoping line on the green line. 1-800-944-946-3-light. Like I said, you know, very few times if somebody is wrong in his Tamil A ever, because they're just ignored. Like that bitch racial Alexander with bow-wow-peek cow kick. And then with her Tim Horton donut. She would know a donut from a big ole if you stuck two dozen upper-rance with poppy seeds. Oh, sesame seeds toasted. I'm sorry. She's like most of the sports people in a town toasted. But anyway, that's the kind of stuff we got passing is a journalist in his town. And if they make a mistake, they just keep plodden right along and pray that Neil don't go on here and, you know, talk about it and show everybody how uninformed and stupid they really are. But if I make a mistake, I come on here and humiliate and degrade myself. Why the hell not? I do that every day for four hours anyhow. So why the hell not? What's unusual about that? I made a bad calculation, baby. I sat here thinking we had everybody in this town all whipped up and over. And you know something day after day after day after day. The only time when a car really fanatical was there toward the end of the Penguin series. And when a panther's went into the finals and all these phones, Zillions of phones came in. Just like that first goal we scored, Ray Shepherd, and that Colorado game and at the first home game, when 50,000 pounds of rubber went out there on the ice that disgraceful display. Who the hell needed all those rats? Who needed those vermin in the arena? Taking the seats that the real fans would have given their left, not in half of their right if they would have had one do it be in there. But no, what we had was a lot of phony baloney. And as I started to say before interrupted my train of thought, which I never stole a freight, is that here we were looking at cars. Are there any panther flags out there? Is there any like up? Well, to one, there's one. You've come to work you past 50,000 freaking cars with a bunch of geeks and gooks in there. And there's one panther flag and I'm doing two months on hockey hockey. Hockey hockey, hockey, and a trident on hockey, okay? Enough with a goddamn hockey. Right, dude. Like I said with a damn hockey, you thought, W-I-O-D, my input letter. W-I-O-D got calm. Worldwide, baby. We used to talk in entertainment radio, 6-10, W-I-O-D. No, we know I guess why everybody says, Change, I gonna kick their ass. Ooooo! Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. I had a chip in pay. Oh! One day she flew away. Ooooo! To T-O-I-O, where the moon is blue. Double is blue. Double is blue. Why? With our right wing censorship. There are words that must have slid. We need to write a letter. Do we tell you how I feel for K-O-N-A-S-O-O? As you see K-O-U-T-O-A-O? They'll see you and T-O-O-T-O. Now if you see K-O-R-I-N-S-R-E-Stay, And the SEC won't let me sing this. T-O-N-I-R-O-T-O-T-O-T-C-K. T-O-R-I-N-S-E-S-E-K. T-O-N-I-R-O-T-O-T-O-T-C-K. T-O-T-O-T-O-T-C-K. T-O-Half. Tell you, say that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days home. Ristancy K-O-T-O. T-O-I-U-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-I-O. Are you sure? Okay, 107-D-W-I-D. Now that I've stuck the unsuspecting. Okay, 107-W-R-D. I have sucked the unsuspecting suspect out there in with this long pond of this thing about too much hockey. Let me tell you how I really feel okay. Let me tell you how I really feel about it. We're sitting here still with about a six year between 10 and two midday on an AM radio station that doesn't believe in marketing promotion about whispering to anybody that we got anything worth while listening to one year that doesn't give us a helping hand that doesn't give us a sandwich board. We're still sitting here with a six year making something out of nothing every day, five days a week, a few weeks a year. And let me also ask you this, is that what it's all about is just ratings and bonuses? Yes. Yeah right. Is that all we're here for is just to get rings so we can make bonus money and make money? Yeah. Well that's beside a point. Because once in a while when there's something you love something you enjoy something you believe in, something that means life in a god for a second death hole like this place and you believe in it, you go with it. You don't want to say it? So what if you have to sacrifice your bonus George? There's a dream that lives keeping every heart. I got a big bucks little like here. I found greed of the game if thedriver laughs his hands upon my track and law, a project is that all right, that will be her those shells are brand name. And Yena it's up their whining up three saving bi bankies Taxes passing the short tag from the wing, the out fighting four, out team, ready for the last five, five, six, five, five, these broke. Everybody in the building is turning the goal judge to turn the light on. Thought that should have got him. And John, they, these broke. Makes the save of the night. They go standing in this hockey game. We are in the second over shot. Stay loud, that goes on on the board. It does not get out. Once the match, back to there, let's go catch up to it. Lucio, all the only man back. Now, those left. That's been good, Senator. You know, that was four, he's good. I'm on the line. The half-sale ball. There's a better save. Anything we see tonight so far. By John Badby's board, you cannot believe what he has just got. But please believe, let's show you again. Wow. The change of the time. The change of the time. The change of the time. May live you, Jodi, hall. I'm sorry. Okay, 10 after one at WOD. We have an open line today. We got one in broad. We got a little puerocchio, some are in broad areas. What do you think? Anyway, we got a couple of people. A couple of people. What do they know about anything? Okay, except drugs. And burning down churches. Here's four louder. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. I'm proud of what this is. I'm so proud of what this is. My brother, in Pennsylvania, I was talking about what we can. Yeah. He told me about the tapy purchase. He's playing the song parody. He was like cracking up over the phone. And my voice is like, Dude, I'm playing the thing over the phone. And he was you. Your purchase in the era was unplugged in Pennsylvania. How do you like that? So you... What do you mean he purchased it in Pennsylvania? He bought it at some store and put it on. No, he didn't want it. How is that possible? I don't know. He picked... He thinks shock is a lot. Yeah. He was like, I'll do the little like, on the ground. Recap place if you go into, he'll find like really obscure stuff. Yeah, that's what that's us. And he purchased... He was in the alone plant because he started playing it from the old phone. And it was you. Huh. So I was like crack up, like, so I got... You're right to tape and said, WIOG is stuff on it. Yeah. So, um... And he would love a copy of that bulk of Brian. He's really big into that stuff. Also, this is just a sucker-run call as what this is. Well, kind of. No, okay. Well, that's okay. I mean, at least you're honest about it. But like, you like, guys, excuse me, y'all. I can say you played it for a couple of people. As far as some people have come up to a mask on. No, we're just... Like, at Alan Town or some... Alan Quicker. Alan Quicker. Alan Quicker. No, it's not these Pennsylvania Square. What's very... Oh, a Sprint Wilkesburg. Well, but I thought that was... Oh, that's why I left there. Yeah, but he needs it. Okay, hang on. Okay. So, bulk of Brian should be happy. Now, there's two of those we gave away. We got two more. Are there any takers out there? Boca Brian's great CD with 3435. Boca Brian's greatest hits on here. All kinds of good stuff. Like the Boca song. All the stuff that he's flaming in famous for. Now, nobody wants him. Okay. I tried Brian. They just... they don't like you. What it is. 113 to WIOD. Alright. It's gonna be human. And it's gonna be wild. If you missed the first annual, don't miss the last ever. Phil Henry Golf tournament. Benefitting the Jimmy Rice Center. Bernie's names in beer. The perfect send-off for Phil Henry. Stay tuned. To news, talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. 10 Jump in fixed arise.venty-caine never got a place as街ied along with one打 situation like the driver once all collaborating on guys. Oh He got set of wave by the straightening like me Cause you're getting rolling in the head So it is a little shake He's set of bad heat repay So it is not the door Because he couldn't score He couldn't take it from the second floor And he said I'd give He can't buy it in the door He'll go Never let it pass Since they come as fast Rubbered Oh my God Never touch the sky This door was the way He said boom You're thinking I'd be so pumped You're going to burn Okay, one 18 is WOD course When you look like he does I don't know if you can imagine anything alive Maybe a plant That would get like within 50 yards Did that asshole have you seen him? Lately like yeah, he don't look too good He looks like he belongs in Nashville Did you see his old pictures? Nashville No, he did not He's actually a clean cut He was pretty good He probably got some Maybe he didn't like it Huh? Maybe he was another frustrated fact Oh there we go with the phag stuff Yeah, yeah, yeah There we go with the phag stuff Ever since we had that call from sunny fox It's been fagged this fact that Just because he said tell the fag I lost 37 pounds or whatever What? Here's a candle Hello I knew Ever since sunny got lost in a Hershey highway Yes sir I have a confession to make a eight hockey Yeah You're sure for the last one once everything Why is that? Because I think you're great Yeah But how could you listen when all we talked about Was hockey during the play-up? Well you can even make hockey fun Oh okay, I thought we had a pretty good time with it Even when we were talking about people picking their nose It would have been the same difference The only thing I didn't like And I'm not trying to be a cruel or anything But it was a... You love you, neither am I No, no, no, I was just a freer I'm not trying to be funny But it really was that guy Jeff Fremor As soon as I heard his voice I wanted to just scream I was at the 3 hours of the show He could put a fleet of Mexican jumping means to sleep in 4-7 He's not boring He is He got some good freer meals out of it In fact I understand he's thinking about getting a free dinner tonight So the room right here Him and his lovely wife And that's right I used to live in Los Angeles and I used to listen to KF5 Everyone's in the wild I can't imagine so Henry sitting in that situation Well that's a boring station Just a bunch of rush to lunch alone I want to be And land ice himself I mean, they're going to kick him Is he going to succeed there? Do you think? Uh, beats me I'll lie to him The room where was they wanted him to do nights Which I think is like a totally separate thing I don't know It's a bad station But at least he can make it better Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah Anyways, can I suck around for a CD? Put your lips together Okay Okay, hold on Okay, line three That guy's sucking pretty hard I don't know how long he can continue We have an open line in Broward 5-2-4-9-4-6-3 Is that it? That's the fourth one Right is that the third Are you sure? Are you positive or keep in track? If you got enough fingers for this Let's have Bob Dole keep caught on his right hand Now what's in his hand is it? It's the right hand Right the one he's got is penned all jammed up and stuff like that So let's see That guy was not the second He was the third Here's what we got one left Here's Boca on the purple line Hello Neil, yes sir How are you doing, sir? Okay It is the weather Below in like alterboards Try out the mirror boca Really? It's terrible I want to call in just let you know Hey listen What you did over the last two months Is a beautiful thing Get the shower It's falling Yeah Getting the sound excited But Yeah, I have no apologies to make it And I went to that whole long thing Before because I know that some people are going to be saying that Too bad, I don't care If I have a six year A seven year or a six five What the hell difference is it may crash It's so inaccurate anyway And it bounces around so much From a moment or another Who would help the leaves It's accurate anyhow Beautiful thing You got some people down here You never thought had a fall At least jump in for a couple months But my only request is That those people stay the hell away from their in and next fall Oh, and especially when it moves up Up north by me Yeah, so I can get an opportunity to get down the morning Let's get the real fans back All right here Yeah, okay Can I call some ladies back Yeah Delayver, don't care my client Do you spag? Big time Okay, see you Okay, we have an open line in On the purple line Look at that AT&T cellular mobile one At Pau Diode We got one in day and one abroad We're doing okay considering that this is You know, it's like a wake here today It's not exactly your most fun It's not exactly the greatest time we've ever had in our lives Although for some of you probably rivals the greatest times Kind of like a Ted the Unibommer Kind of like the same thing You know sitting around the house The radio is cranked up real out And it's so loud that it's vibrating Even Aaron would be getting all juiced up about it All right, does it seem to you like we've been here for about 500 hours Today or is that? Is that always the day it is just before vacation Because I said this morning when I sat down I said Well, we're going to zip through one segment Another it's going to work I am juiced up right now One 22 at Wild If you said nothing you do with the hockey shows It was that Elmer Fudbit One 26 and I'm telling you that could be it that webbot thing Oh my god Talk about the audience I see I got a confess I let them just kill me just kill me with this stuff Well, at first it was the Wayne stop Then it was the bridgestander Then it was the jack in a box And now it's the webbots Can we hear that again and again and again Until we know it by heart so we can recite it Until we sing it in the shower We sing it in our sleep Man, oh man When do you ever give anything a rest for crying out loud Some of you people I've been talking about creatures of rabbit So anyway, let's go to a four-larodale Hello Neil Yes sir You really are juiced up to the have never heard just dream of caught you Well, I got plenty of time I got plenty of time I got plenty of time You're on vacation already Yeah Neil you really took me back to my childhood either day With that tabletop hockey game you're given away My dad invented a prototype of that and sold a patent to Koleko up in Gwell Fontario How many horses he didn't? Not, huh? Why did he get a lot of money for it? No, $1200 Ah geez Yeah, he made me one from my birth They I was three years old This is 1949. I was born in Gwell Fontario Yeah, we moved to Detroit He went to work for WTVJ Huh, I grew up with WTVJ Yeah, channel four up there No, WWJ WWJ WTVJ is here WWJ with sunny Elliott That's right Bill Kennedy was on channel nine Right, the same old KLW right Anyway, how about Bill Bonds on channel seven WXYZ Well, channel seven built a studio out in Southfield near our R&B How about Dave Diles in the sports? I grew up with all those guys more than enough Put some glass in that pork, more it's cold in here Right But I think I know what's wrong with a fan of a sport like hockey It's our weather here, it's the same all year round And there's no noticeable change of season And the people down here They want instant drills And up north, and we played our hearts out in hockey And ski it all winter And then look forward to spring So we could play baseball And then look forward to spring To fall so we could play football But we played our hearts out with hockey Time for these people to give it a round Yeah, people down here They just look forward to waking up in the morning So they can play with themselves Nope, but the perfect metaphor in nature is a maple tree, the playoff At the end of the hockey season That's like maple syrup You know, that's when you spend all that time Harvest in that staff And you got to boil it down and work at it That's the 80's some game You know watching the trees grow and spring That's the draft It's just so amazing People down here got no free age Yeah I mean that's where I think you and I both come from As we grew up with hockey It's hockey season I don't come from wealth Ontario I'm going to live in Rochester Oh geez you went all the high spots I know you know why Did you try it? Rochester all the places you could freeze your ass off One of the most beautiful places I've ever been in my life Is Rochester, New York During those three days in the summer when it gives about 30 months Don't even look Ledge words and a glup Bristol mountain Yeah, I love it Yeah, well I would just want to draw that And have a good year for these fans That's true They don't realize Yeah Victor It's summertime Those maple trees They're looking forward to the drafts It's from Jelene Around the Quay And then you know the leaves grow Right Right That starts all in your juices Get going when the person knows you're right See Isn't that beautiful? Yeah But that's so true All right, we've been to John Aron Brush down down Detroit Yeah, I've seen some brush at John Aron Yeah, the checker barbeque Yeah, I've been there Yeah, you really Checker barbeque, you are Livernoy Then John Aron Bride Well there's one on Livernoy 212 How about Robin Hood's on Livernoy in 6 Mile? I know well about the theater Oh yeah I've been all those students Right, next Then he left it You know what I really want to do Yeah Thank you for your He is your perfect straight man Well he's the only one we got No he is so good I love it I love it when you guys switch it each other You keep me going No, I'll stay up New six over Have a great day Hey, put me on with George For what? I'll see you on my day Open line, it was time ran out Open line in Bride, see you with sucking up heavy Then put me on with George and he's going to ask you for the CD Go back to Guelph pad You're a good guy But the thing with the maple syrup Just made me sick to my stomach Too much sweetness You know what I'm talking about? Just I thought I was going to go into diabetic comather Here's Miami Hello Hello? Yes sir? No You got to admit it, he sucked around pretty long Just for a free CD Yes sir? All these suckers Yeah Hey, when are you going to please give the hockey Like a little break What does that mean? I mean, you know We're not talking about hockey I've been telling people that for days now The seasons over And what do you say to me when am I going to give it a break? What does that mean? I'm going to give you a break Oh, I played it once Since the end of the playoffs I played it once as a joke And right away, when are you going to give it a break? When are you going to give me a break? All right, you got to When are you going to lighten up a little bit? I know why I only danced over to go up north all this rain Yeah, it sucks here in the summertime, man It blows Can't stand it That's right, when the weather sucks up north Then you want to be here just so you can be comfortable But when the weather is good up north, Who the hell wants to be here? When there's frogs falling out of the sky They were going to get a copy of those raiding For what? Early, you're giving us the raiding stuff You can't Oh, I can't Why would you want to copy the raiding stuff? You're writing a book Oh That's the idea of the idea of the raiding stuff That week? Or month, I don't know Yeah, okay, well obviously next week, like you really need some We have an open line in date, 7519463, 751WD Where can I get a copy of those? I don't believe what you're telling us I want to look at them myself, that's it And quit talking about hockey so much Oh, fart Let's do a lady in Miami sure, is hello Hi, hi Can you like him, huh? I give you a brief visit It sounds like Shilot Holmes Yeah, really Here's a guy with a richful life And once he sits around and read the radio Ratings all day, little keep him off the streets Like we can't hear the sneaky of it, you know? Yeah, probably Unibommer Juniors by Really? You dropped a big one on issue, I'll tell you that I'm really, like don't want to see Good Thank God God I think it was worse when that guy was up from up north But the maple leaves though Oh, was he something? That's horrible I mean, he went through about a three and a half minute piece of suction, and I bet you he needs a lip and version at this point In the music he put on with the Yeah, then put me out with George, oh yeah Oh yeah, right That and by a win Oh God, never Oh God is right I'm from San Francisco Oh God Have you been there? I hate it Did you hate it? I can't stand it Why? The weather sucks Yeah, it's cold And so to most of the people, you know? I mean, just cause I'm one Don't mean I want to be surrounded by me I don't want to say Yeah, it's all good You know, there's so many bags there Too many clones, you know? I mean, you know, you know, you go to a lot of cities And the gay people are like, you know, real good looking And kind of like macho and aren't walking around like I want your fruit flies You go to San Francisco and I don't have that silly little mustache And they're all walking in And I want you know what I'm talking about And they're gorgeous out there They all act like they all act like Alex Bennett Me like, like always Yeah, right Okay No, I had to say that the guy, Catherine, Captain Cabri, The prison, the misdemeanor prison guard Whatever you run it, there's 20,000 cockroaches in the place So he's a douchebag for today I wanted to call him that because Okay I don't any cockroaches, you can't believe it Okay, see you in first go Fine Not Sacramento, I like it You know, I like it out in Vegas I mean, talking about weather I like Sacramento See San Francisco, I mean, like along the ocean area Can be like 52 And then down in the valley, it's 92 And you move up for you drive up about five blocks And it's 175 And you drive in the other direction, 10 blocks And the wind is blowing 80 miles an hour And it's 30 degrees, it's a very strange place 134 Wiod.D Default goes on vacation Sports Talk 610 goes to the dog Well, how rags sports things? You shut that dog Jim Mandage Every night this week The dog on football And all the sports that matters Sports Talk 610 with Jim Mandage Tonight it's 6 p.m. On Tuesday's talk and entertainment radio 610 WIOD A lot of masturbation when I'm... All of the day Jim just loves to fit my 6-day night Jim thinks I'm a woman, takes so high And she's not let it she's a die Oh! Oh, what a die Oh, what a woman she just loves to live Jim, what a never-ending touch of shit She's not let it she's a die Oh, what a lie Trying not to romance up but she just said no Oh, my, I said she'd rather strap on a deal Oh, what a die She's my dream, but just can't beat She's a found up that she's ledger She's my lead, she's a die Yeah, but wait a second Oh, what a lie I'm not so sad when I finally had to leave her Oh, what she will never love me Come on, I've never been to the same Oh, what a lie Oh, what a lie What a lie Oh, what a lie Oh, what a lie Look for anyone who wants to be here with you Two to one, we're going to say goodbye I'm going to be leaving for Alby and Michigan Here's Miami, hello Hi there, yes sir, Neil? Yes, hey, good show about the OJ Simpson case, maybe 100 people in the country know it, but first just a note on a LeBoc case up here, okay? The defense had an export farms, evidence examiner, prepared to go on a fire injury and show to them that if I point a gun at you and you grab the gun and of course they used a death weapon in the forum and you grab the gun to pull it away from me that I'm going to pull the trigger, I'm going to grab the gun back and the trigger thing is going to pull so the gun goes off. Yeah. Now that's beside the point in a way, the fact that the matter was obviously drunk or drugged and disorderly and in an extremely violent fight. Well, it's all over now. There's no point in going through the hole of Song of the Dance unless the accord over turns are really we can only pray. I think that'll be after football seasons over. Yeah, but it should have been well yeah. Some sort of punishment for the guy. Amen. But on the OJ Simpson case, you know, he had to traveling through the trolls, the three finds the scientists who testified for OJ. Yeah. Dr. Herbert Leon McDonald, the white dude, but she heard gang. Yeah. Dr. Michael Bodden and the OJ. Yeah. And Dr. Henry C. Lee Jr. The commander of the Connecticut State final laboratory. Yeah. Those three trolls went out there and spread spread baloney. They had come down here some years before. You think it's doesn't want to be out there with a feedman? Yeah. And done the same thing here on Gabriel Heeter. You remember him? Yeah. His grandson was a suicide on 90 Detroit. Okay. Mm-hmm. I know three guys came back. Came down here and reported that that it was a homicide. Okay. Kill him and call. Yeah. The blood spatter on the forearm they constructed 100% in error the case was indeed a circular. Yeah. So I fact 31 pages. Marcia Clarks. Oh boy. Oh, I'm sure I was here at time to read it. Okay. We have an open line at date 751. Why did I leave him on that long? I must be losing it. You know something that you know, I'm going on vacation for me. Leave that call on it long. That was a killer. A killer in the coal. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hey, nice talk to you. Let me ask you. Do you know who Gabriel Heeter was? No, I don't. Thank God. Okay. Listen. Once the thing is, um, you own back to hockey. I really got a thank you. Oh, to the good for community. Uh, I, I, I, I, I. Well, sacrifice my entire alivelyhood. My, I think that the hockey team should be me my ratings bonus that I forfe that probably going to not make out. No in a month, but I'll probably not make a George too. Yes, you can George a check in me a big fat check. I just want to tell you that. Come on. Wayne, loosen up the first ring sweetheart. I was a kid during the 76 and 75 series for the fire. Yeah. And you took him back to my childhood. You really did. Well, I got some tapes of Gene Hart doing at two as a matter of fact, which, uh, needless to say, I don't have right here, but someday when it's really slow. He's got a skinny right now. Any. Be as, yeah, Gene. He's busting out all over like, June. That's why he's not doing a game. There's any more that couldn't squeeze him in the booth anymore. They couldn't get him in the front door. The arenas. They really broke back my childhood. I really got to appreciate that. I'm going to jump a whole bandwagon. Yeah. This year next year, coming to September. But I really got to thank you for that. This can I stuck up for that last year. No problem. Volkerbrand, thanks you, profusely for sucking. Okay. Line 8, you. He said, thank you. He said, I see said, thank you. I said, you because I put, I stuck my finger on it there too quick. Line 8, take care of that wonderful gentleman there and the Gene Hart. Oh, man, what a monster in the industry. Here's, uh, Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. When is this? How's it going, Neil? Okay. Phenomenal. I called. Well, I wanted to suck up for the CD, but I guess that's not going to work. But also, I wanted to thank you, Neil. For. Thank you for introducing me to the Fort of Hawkey. I feel like one of those, one of those archaeologists doing a dig somewhere like like a Quentin, I'm guiding light who happens to be doing his archaeological dig in springfield, wherever that mystical town is and happens to be doing it right where a heart's body is allegedly buried. Wouldn't you know it? But anyway, you know what I'm talking about? Uh, no, I wouldn't. That's okay. I wanted to thank you, though, because, uh, before I started listening to you, I didn't know, uh, touch from a baseball or the honest with you. Yeah. But, um, well, I guess I can't suck around for the CD. Well, the baseball is the one that doesn't have the glow on it, you know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah, that annoying. That's the one. God. Well, nice drive power. A better luck next time. We'll have something for you. Okay, can I, uh, I thought somebody had these bags? Could be. All right. I want to stay Paul. I'm on the Neil Rogers show and you're a douchebag. Okay. All right. Thank you. I'm a great life. Okay. That made his day. He's getting moist right now. Just thinking about the experience. And I can't say that I blame him. Here's Darth Bay Village. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay. Uh, a couple of things. I was at, uh, I mean sales. Uh, I don't know fortunately, you're unfortunately. You're in sales? Yeah. Oh, my god. All mighty sales people and the rain is over. Yeah. Everyone except for me. Okay. Anyway, I was a Jackson this morning. I, uh, sell, uh, medical peril stuff a lot of the nurses and, uh, uh, uh, uh, couple of nurses were together. You know those little, like after dinner meant, they're, I think they're called Andy's. Interimates, yeah. You know what I'm talking about? I do. Little chalk of things. I'm having a minute. Yeah. They're like, they're picking out and this, this color girl nurse comes up and she goes, you know, much carbs or anything. They're going back and forth. And the Spanish doctor comes in and goes, oh, no, no. If you talk to Neil, he would tell you that there's way too many carbs. I thought it was, I mean, these guys are a doctor that are Jackson and they're not as listed as out there. And they're in the closet. If all those people had their diaries, we'd have a 40-year-on here. I mean, they're supposed to be operating in an, then helping people. And he's talking about my doctor. He's got like a, uh, office full of 50 patients sitting out there. And he and a staff are sitting back in there with a door saw closed in the radio blast in a way. And it's vaccine me little notes in the tie and over here. It's a unbelievable. Come on, Marko save a life or something. Another thing, uh, I'm originally from Toronto with the down here for many years. And uh, we're going up again next month. Where do you stay when you go out there? Down town. Like at the four seasons or something? Sure at the center. Okay. Places like that. Beautiful down here, huh? I'm the face up, but I'm a down. And they look like they're going. Yeah. Yeah. So hopefully, uh, we'll have some nice weather and uh, have a blast down there. We don't wear it. Down, I mean, not down there up there. When you go in there. Uh, we're going on the 14th to the 21st of July. Oh, July. That'll be perfect. It'll be over 30 by then. Yeah. Well, I went to the university there. So yeah, I froze my balls off up there too. Now McGill isn't, uh, Montreal, right? Right. But I went, I went, I went, I went, I went to what's the one in Toronto? There's, you a team, University of Toronto. And you also, what I went to, it's called York University. Oh, York. Yeah. So, uh, those are, uh, I forgot what do we call the red men or something like that? No, the young men. Well, listen, don't eat too many smarties when you're up there. Okay. All right, lots of carbs. Thanks. See ya. Bye. Okay. We have an open line tunnel. A smarties. They're great. Oh, they're addictive. Just one of those. You can't, you could, they have, they have like real big bags of, you know, in all the convenience, what's there? There's a kind of, every third store is either a Tim Horton's Donut place or convenience store. And it's like, every, you can't avoid them. And they have the real big bags, which I think way about 75 pounds. And you start just eating those. And of course, as you're walking on a street toward your hotel or wherever, uh, you just, uh, shoveling those in your posts and shoveling and shoveling. And you get back you like dizzying your head is swimming, you lie down on the bed and the room is spinning around and you prick your finger and you take your blood sugar when it says like tilt on the little thing. Smarties. See, they call them smarties because they're smart and word dumb, not like freight over dumb because we put that crap in our mouth. Even a dog knows, well, no, my dog don't know that. 148 at W. IOT at Lorenzo's at the Italian Center in North Miami Beach on the corner of 163 in Dixie Highway and at Ben and Bob's fresh produce and seafood in the Indian train shopping center in Western. There's so much to offer that sometimes, uh, the spots too long. I think that's what they mean here. Okay, I'm trying to decipher what this actually means when it says we try to do too much. I don't think it means they try. It's we as in people who put this copy together and it goes on for five minutes. Well, that's a good point. But anyway, there's a lot of great, uh, cafe specials that Lorenzo's right now. We're just 275 in July, 12 ounce bowl of pasta, bolognese or carbonata. And the 495 specials to me, their meal in peppers or chicken, scoperiello. Uh, for, I did anybody call and tell you what that is. I'd probably because there ain't no such thing for your long train get a bowl of spaghetti, Italian bread and a soft drink. What a price. What a deal. And Lorenzo's pasta grill 1295 specials are the best. Every night a different on trade Tuesday, the Ville shop wins. They porter house steak Thursday, the Ville trio Friday a seafood sampler and Saturday a delicious Italian sampler. Each on train served with super salad plus pasta fresh vegetables and dessert. And Lorenzo's can ship and deliver those atkins products just about anywhere you want the cheese cakes to sussie cheese, the hotdogs. They got all the good stuff without the nitrates without the sugar without the crap. And invented bobs. They got fabulous fresh seafood specials like soft shell, Merrill and crap cakes 349 each. Halibut steak 999 upon Boston's crowd fillets only 499 upon. Farmeries main salmon steaks 499 upon and coming soon to bed and bobs. Look out for that fresh poultry. Use talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. A sourest steak with steak. Take it up your ass. Box-worked crack cocktail. Today was sympathy. Actin just likes Steyzy Keeds. Are you playing good grip like? I like cry Healthy wise DLasa By! Go inside well for i patting the ground up. Oh, dear. 153 at WildD. It's coming to a head in the show as well. Here's the Carroll City. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, does this nail rod just? It looks like it to me. It is. How you doing, Neil? Okay. The ground's caliphon flag with ground track. Yes, round. How you doing? Great. Just wanting to know when you're going to come down and join us. Uh, I don't know. Got every radio personality around, except in Neil Rogers. Yeah, big stars like headcappling. All the big guys get down here. Yeah, right. Right. Neil, we love you. We want you to come down to flag on on me. On you what? On me. Oh, I thought there was something that went in front of that. That's nice. Okay. Well, once I get back from vacation probably wouldn't be too easy when I'm out of town. See, I'm getting all these invitations to go places. Now that the all you guys are hearing that I'm going out of town. Like, I'll sunshine and invite me to that dinner. You know, for Dick Pertn's daughter. All right, Neil. Well, again, we're looking forward to seeing you at the path. See you on a good background. Thank you. Okay. Not, not maybe you never know. I like going down there once a year. Maybe on February to his birthday, something like that. When he's going when 7800 bucks. Talk about cheap man, Ed Man. Oh, God. Here's a South Miami. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Jesus, H.C. Christ on a popsicle stick. Yeah. How you doing? Great. What's your happy vacation? Thanks. You're about to first want to say that. As a matter of fact, have a great vacation. Have a swell time. Rest up. Get your energy. Come back. Can you say that? Where are you going? Well, go out for Ontario. Yeah, great place. I'm going to go up to a Peterborough and hang out with Jody Hollin's wife. Sounds fantastic. Yeah. Fact Jody's wife's going to be out of town. So, um, this is Judge Alasbo. Yeah. Do you think she's a woman? One that lost her wits? Yeah. You think she's a hockey fan? Uh, what's the punchline, pal? Well, you're a must. Kiss any of our boys ever get in trouble. Well, no who to send them to? Oh, I like in case Jody asks you, you get somebody twice accidentally. No, he didn't shoot nobody. He was accused of a little, a little dip in the wick action up there. Remember that up in Windsor, but he'll be okay. Yeah. He got off. And they dropped the case, too. Okay. All right, Neil. Have a good one. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Judge Lebow lost her wits, pal. I'll tell you that right now. And Doc Lebow also lost his wits. That's why he was walking around with Hurricane underwear. Like I told you, tonight, the exam always run on top of these things. And people think, ah, he's so funny. He's a wacko. Yeah. I told you the other day that the hurricane football program is like emblematic. I'm not really saying they're responsible, but they represent everything that's wrong in this community. And in this country on a greater scale, every day we have another scandal, another bunch of, goyum and jail, another bunch of bullcraft. Day after day after day after day after day. We got nothing but organized, stuckery over there. We don't have no education. We've got a lot of stupidity. We got a bunch of goons over there. Okay. Goon, goon, goon. You understand the word? I'll spell it for you. Here's a market. Hello. Shut up, asshole. Okay. Shut up asshole, but boy, he's hanging on every word this guy. This man is sitting there on the raise. Got the radio in his lap. Here's a market. Hello. Or four-laradale. Or wherever this guy is. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. You're going on vacation? Yeah. That sounds exciting. Out of town. You on the Italy again? What? You going to Italy again? Maybe. Because that great place. I spent a lot of time in Milan. Milan sucks. Milan blows. Have you been to the opera in Milan? Oh, yeah. Have you been to the opera in Milan? I've been to the opera in Milan. I've been to the opera in Milan. Give me a break. Neil. The wascala in Milan is considered the greatest in the world. I couldn't care that. So the Dwarmo is considered one of the great architectural wonders. I wonder why anybody would go there and see it. Because there ain't nothing else there. Except a bunch of over-priced shops. What about for it? Florence is beautiful. Milan sucks. Why does Milan suck? I mean, you're going to have to ask them. I don't know. It blows. It wreaks. Over-priced, unfriendly. The food sucks. They couldn't lick the ass of the food in Rome. I'll take it out. I could. I could. I could. I could. That's a real just a few thousand litre. Get a phenomenal meal. You go to Milan when they rip the guts. They rip your kiski's out for food. My dogs would turn their nose up. They can take that risotto when they can stick. They were the moon don't shine. Okay. Why do you why do you go to Milan? I know you go to Milan. No, I don't. Are you don't come on? I went there once. I tried it this last. I was there once before kind of on a layover. Because the plane coming back from Rome. Goes through Milan. So you make it a little bit easier that way. And you waste a day in Milan which I'll never do again. I wouldn't go there if they paid me $1,000. L'Ano blows. So you like Florence? Florence and Arroma, those are the great places in Italy. Make no mistake about it. Don't waste your time drowning in Venice. Don't waste your time with the gypsies and the slippers and Napoli. Go immediately to Rome and then up to get on the train to go to Farrenza. Yeah. You tell me about art. You want to see art. You want to see beautiful people. Farrenza. That's where it's at, man. Okay. Are you starting to catch on our way? I got your point. Okay. I'll be good vacation. I'll read the dirt. Thank you. Grazie. This guy, he wouldn't know a good time if they stuck it in his, uh, exactly. Well, maybe that's his idea of a good time. I don't know. So anyway, it's all, what are you laughing about? What about, what is this? We have a coffee clatching there now or what? Cheryl sitting there smoking a faggot. Andy standing at what is armistral that's looking like his puppy just got bad hemorrhoids. Everybody here looks like they're dog just died or something like we have an epidemic of Ebola in the place, huh? What the hell is wrong with everybody? It looks like it's such a sad push. It's a great day. It's a great moment. If you ask me, this is one of the highlights of my life. Now the next 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7 seconds. Everybody's so depressed. You want to know why they're depressed because they're not going over. I'm the one that's going on vacation, getting on a plane and getting a lot of this joint. And there are the ones that you'll sit on the rest of this place and watch the frogs jump out of the rain every day. You want better way to pose, better way to pose. If you're a refrigerator-touch to you, blame-filled injury. W-I-O-D, Miami Forta Lovardate. You can use talking and are telling them the radio. 6-10 W-I-O-D. If you're a refrigerator-touch to you, blame-filled injury. W-I-O-D, Miami Forta Lovardate. You can use talking and are telling them the radio. 6-10 W-I-O-D.