I'm Juan Mendi yeta news talk and entertainment radio 610 Wild now back to second rods So I guess he got the message too that you don't like him What are you talking about now? You know you are right away They oh John provacca to No, I know thank you very much. I'm not I'm just trying to get you all straight in there. Oh, no, oh, what? No, I'll draw How do I feel about you? We're tighten man? No, you're not we are yeah I'm not talking about your sexual exaggeration My what you think that he's boring. I do not. Yes, you do I Okay, I watch Juan I do this without moving my lips go ahead. What do I think of them? No, I'm telling it. Okay, lie some. I don't start it again You see you have this fetish with Chuck Meyer and no matter and he's like the role model for the news person that you think is gonna Put you over the team. We do a different show anybody No, I'm this is an extension. We're not finished. That was only the beginning We're not finished. You know I I would pay for a counselor I don't need somebody to come in and tell me what I have fetishes with you I do I don't know Yes, you do I don't know you have to get rid of the scapegoating you have to you have to You guys from what must get rid of the Chuck Meyer ghost you have to separate your Chuck is not coming back All right, Dr. Neil Slider. Okay, go back Chuck. That's right, Dr. Laura Neil right on your knees. Yeah I'm just Tony Chuck's not coming back. I think I've dealt with when you get in the afternoon I come Friday 5 or 5 or 20. He will not be coming into James Bond all right Let me let me if I go with this Okay, nobody will ever measure up to him. I take a great bomb best extensive humor the centaurian voice Right that big fence stomach nobody's ever gonna quite measure a lot of measuring your mind right Okay, I don't do the best that you can okay. I think how about a judge does the news And then we don't have to have like any any outside influences any rotating news people and then the bird can come in and cackle in the background That would be good. I would love to know he would just keep saying everything's gonna be okay, right Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello yes, yes, how long do I have to wait? Another 10 minutes 10 well, I'll tell you what we'll see we can put you up in the front of the line. Let me ask okay, hold on Can we put her up in the front of the line sure go ahead. Okay. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes Hi, who's speaking? That's what we want to know is this Rick? Yes. Well, this is Pearl hi, Paul I have been listening to your buddy there Who doesn't as opposed to come on till 10 o'clock for the past no, I hate to break the news to you Pearl You lovely lady, but I'm supposed to come on whenever I wander in here I'm me I don't know who I am. Yeah, you don't know who I am But I'm not supposed to come on until 10 o'clock what is your name? What is my name? Rasputin well Rasputin you better get back in the ink bottle. Yeah I want to drive rhymes with stink. We have a Rick who's talking about Which I can smell you right over the fall. Yeah, your friend To get back out of your unless you have invited him as a guest to humiliate you every single day Yes, he has he called me at home and said I want you to come in every day Really, you're not the person I called so please get in other words You're not gonna recognize me right Pearl. It's like you can't hear the voice Well, liberal Rasputin bitch I don't know who you're calling a bitch, but I've got a good name for you to sir. Do you really? But you're not speaking to me, though. I thought you were talking to me So I'll get you call me a name when you're not speaking to me. Well, the same thing goes to you because you're not speaking to me your mama Pearl Pearl Old bang. Okay. Let's go to Lillian north Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi Are you talking to me now? We are talking to you. I think we'll put you in the front of line next. Yes. Thank you. Hi I want to tell you maybe he's right Neil that man that you have that cool peculiar life like a hillbilly like a hillbilly well, yes, Steve We're now if that's who it is. Yeah. Yeah. I really by the way he died He died. Did you have it here? Martha or Margaret was there? Marius killed him off. Yeah, one by two. He's Sarah. Well, he doesn't want to play the He doesn't want to pay the fair all about. You're trying not to listen to what you say I am This thing. Oh, no, you I want me to listen to some people and not I know you're all listening to what you want to hear what he's saying Gilbert Man, yes, I am that guy. She's not what is she saying that that Jackass, which I wish I knew what his name was You said his name was Gilbert No, well, I don't know who your type is another asshole That's the one talking about Gilbert. Okay. Oh, that's what I thought he does the voices does Oh, I know what the story is I hear his voice. You you okay? I turn it on. Okay, he'll be on a lot more now I like Neil Rogers that mark. No, not in a hopeful thank God. Oh Yeah, there you go. It's an active God Hello, no, no, the people just get hit by a bull. Wow. He had that old bitch. Yeah, I'm gonna roll I hope that they both just got the juice. He's gone. Yeah I think that actually happened on her head Yeah, you just got a came through here. Wow That was excited whoa, hang on. He was struck by lightning What other active guy were rebooting over a Russia shunner and she just got she got it well look at us We don't need any names on the board at him. Don't worry. We got a full thing here. Let's go to date. Hello Wait, date one hold on. What oh? We had a wait for the thing to build up. Oh, yeah, yeah, we you know, that one out. It's yeah Unless they've been a part of the walk on the tight road, but we kind of like a net once in a while But away, where is it at? Oh, I believe he has high-design drugs Day hello, oh, Rick. Hello, sir. How you doing? Sorry for if he can hear this noise in the background I get guys working in the house. What are they doing? They're redoing the floors. They wouldn't floor same Oh, oh, they see well I hope it'll be nice when they're dying. Oh, it'll be nice here that they're seeing Yeah, yeah, anyway, what I was calm about is this morning I got a Email from my daughter on American online. Yeah, and the email was forward to her, but it was about The Lexus Nexus database. Yeah, and it's called P-Tracks one of their databases It has personal information on millions of Americans right it is available to Certain parties. Yeah, certain party right legal and right get your name removed. Yeah They keep track of your then how do people know what to call you what? How would people know what to call you? Well, who the hell excuse me? I mean, you know, you don't want them to find it because it's usually for illegal purposes Yeah, and if Can you think get your name removed off of that is gonna stop people from calling you and bothering you? Well, it's not every mailing list in the world especially now You're gonna be called by every floor standard. Did they do a good job? Can we come out like try it again? Well, it Yeah, maybe yeah May and this database if I can get back to you to the topic for a second. Yeah Is strictly to for the legal community and law and for any poor anybody who says they are that well I have access to it to the P-Tracks data serve. Well, they say the information they have on it includes social security And I'm everything Who you dealt with you are rest record if you've ever declared any bankruptcies All your business partners any ventures that you've ever tried everything. It's all in there It's like the suit and I was like what a little Sanders has a sign on it Well, if you call them or fact them you can get your name removed. Yeah, and if any of you viewers want it I'll give them the eight hundred to our viewers go ahead 800 yeah, five four three okay, six six two all right put on a mask Okay, exactly see you started choking yeah, 1943 and WIO deal is tri-broward hello Broward We don't know where you're calling because all of our electricity just went out so it's Broward and date good morning sir Hello, yes sir that you Norm camps suggested I call you guys and tell you about a new store in town. It's a hamster Oh, I love hamsters No, ham oh No, that's what I said I love hamsters. Oh, Adam's one Yeah, and what's it what's it called the hamster? Hamps Okay, and what do they sell if let me guess hamps? Okay, good deal. Bad guess what kind of hamps? James shirts any packs, right? You know what I want I want to hamp hammock Don't have those they don't I've got to have hamp hammocks They have to have hamps. Oh, those have cars so I start smoking I don't I won't even tell you how long norm nobody's that desperate. Okay This before what That sounds like you've been there nine forty four it WIO deal. Okay. We have overlise now in date three of them 75 one WIO D Broward five two four nine four six three. Let's try another Broward call hello Hello Am I in the end yet? Yeah, yeah, you are sir. I want to give you my opinion this is your special time for your opinion I have to listen to your fake phone calls and it was the buy-un Mr. Bio yeah, right that's when you got back when we were a fetus. I thought those telephone calls were so good That's yes, he's got me and I was I was telling us not later show a lot. Yeah Things like like the most is when you make the phone calls. Yeah, you do things Well, he's like that too and like nobody's up in the morning so we're gonna go after news and try that see if anybody's home You just go up like it's going great and he had that the value the information. Yes, sir But there was so different so good when you want location. Yeah, I think well now you know all those tolls We pay we want to back we're sitting at him out as soon as we get to the afternoon We won't we're gonna go out to we want we want the payback You know what do you've heard about the payback with that? Well, I can't say it on the air, but it's coming The negative things about the show are I don't care for the payphone challenge Also when Neil Rogers comes on it's a different demeanor to you that I think it takes away from your show and yes One night, I'm going to shut the Well, I know he's gonna be obvious because I've only been here for 35 minutes So it's not an opportunity to turn to right off usually about 930 would come on and then when you go in your whole different demeanor To a bit personal life that that's when I don't care. Yes, it becomes much demeanor. Yeah Okay, well thanks for your turn. Okay, and I'll be talking to you 1005. Let's go to Hollywood Oh, he'll be there. Oh, you kidding Hollywood. Hello. Hello morning morning. Hey, I lived on the street from Rosa Lopez. Yeah, oh, today. Oh, I think I'm 13 They blocked the streets. I don't believe what they do for this woman Pay phone challenge. Yeah, you have somebody go up to hand around I wait. I love you. Yeah, yeah, yeah people. She's a listening funds from yeah, you know, hey I'm tight with the statue for five bucks. I have a bunch of little player you go I bet you that bug can probably rain jacket a bunch of little plastic Jesuses that we can pedal out there Oh, by the way, I was supposed to give you something from yesterday's meeting Cool a fish I got to go guys. Okay. See you later. Let's go to Oakland Park. Hello. Hey guys. Hey. I don't know if you've gotten a rainy road fireport yet. No You had a friend of yours and old friend of yours called her up and give her a whole play by play on what went down yesterday Yeah, your old pal clim Oh really yeah The red neck yenta yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah And he just went crazy and he Neil Randy's to see you too bad Rowan Rowan She says you knew all about her getting married and didn't call me know I did not know anything about her getting married In addition in addition to which she and Jim have been living together for how many years So was it like a big deal that she got married or like some major announcement in addition to which if I didn't know about it I wouldn't have called her anyway. I can't my arm is long enough to hold a phone that far away from my ear anymore Yeah, okay quite a breath. We'll get an engineering here fix your equipment. We'll be okay 947 that Randy Jim thing. Oh brother Talk about a death wish. I have no idea what that whole thing is all about And I don't think they do In regards to any thing. I just I just don't know what that is. I don't understand relationship How can you understand it? But you're a bizarre you have right yeah, most are okay It's 947 at WI Sender away When you talk live on 610 WIOD you'll be recorded and we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it 951 92510 a clock if you'd like to get in on the remaining minutes of the show Date lines rovin 755 1 WIOD Broward 524 Hey hey, didn't win that Neil comes on with that filthy mouth of his Don't you old-farts understand we know you're gonna be there and you're still gonna be there at 1005 and at 1105 until you croak you'll be out there But why do you lie? It's probably most most no seriously like Pearl she's probably close to a meeting her maker If she believes in any of that crap, why does she stop lying? I mean she's like guaranteeing herself a a line in purgatory She may have just a bit to take a number Pearl along with Martin and then the other one it met me in the supermarket Take a number sweetheart make you in a supermark she started to say that in the lightning struck lucristic came down I love that song. Yeah, oh, I'm a wiper say together together Let's go to I know That's well, that's a strategy that's a great song. It's for my all-time favorite song absolutely First I've ever heard that song was on wk and R&D Troy I was driving with my chief engineer from Kalamazoo to Detroit Yeah, and Jim Jeffries who did the overnight show on Detroit was playing lightning strikes by Luke Christie on keener 13 Great which was probably one of the great rock stations in history of the industry In Detroit in Southfield no, not in wherever it was dearborn You know, do you remember when we were sitting in any office at WKX Y and Sarah Sodom? We used to go to like those little music meetings and he went play little samples for us And he put on the night the lights went out in Georgia. Yeah, and I hated that song I said forget it. It'll never happen and we walked out for some reason. I started whistling He said it's on as soon as I started whistling it it was like on it was an instant hit I hated it for some reason and I don't know what brought that up. Does that have to do with me? I don't know It's just like trickled my it trickled my my Story I had about keener 13 in Detroit and you're talking about the light in in Sarah soda Jewells speaking of things that died that's stink In you know in Sarah soda we were on city island right there on the bay yeah and Mouse or a rat gun in the transmitter one time got fried yeah and boy for like weeks and months Did you talk about a stench fried rat all around you man? It was the scum Remember at Y and D in fact buddy but owned it then I think you were working there for a while two weeks Yeah, they were going to pay either but there were two teeth if you come up with the transmitter on it a chassis they just had the components laying on the floor Yeah, well, that was a snake crawled in there one afternoon. I told you there was a snake sitting outside But I did work one more now a big day. That was yesterday. No, I'm not talking about in Bob Green's I was talking about the rest of the afternoon Oh, we're supposed to call Bob Dolm so to tell you Okay, yeah, very amusing did you Do you have a grease thing a grease container a grease trap a jar like we're talking about oh a grease thing yeah now you don't For what what do you do with grease when you fry something on the stove? What do you do with a grease? I don't fry anything on a stove never once in a blue moon and what I do is I take liquid detergent and put it in there Like dissolve it and put it down the thing the sink down the disposal like anybody else does not anybody I want to I knew back in the days when I was cooking stuff like that. I just have a jar with grease in it Right, that's what brought that up. What do I do with the jar if you ever smell that? I don't put it in the refrigerator No, no you seal it up and you put it under the sink Exactly, yeah, what ours is but when you go to use it after it's like half full that's the rank You know a red light door with a don't you what do they do put it on string beans no bacon grease sometimes They put on something that might look like us all I see Or really cheaper than large let's go to watch cheaper and Vaseline Miami Beach hello Back at you can hardly a pay phone. Yeah, the worst Yeah, that's okay, yeah Just wanted to say regarding who doesn't use yeah for the reconcerto I said why not a Jackie Quinn? I think she does a good job So you had a Earlier in a week where oh, she got mom by your dog She a mall by her dog is always She's getting mall by her dog But you don't understand Rick hates Jackie Quinn really yeah, what's wrong with her? I don't hate you Yes, you do okay. I'm just Pfizer Well, how did he feel about Chuck Meyer? He loves Chuck Meyer. He's got a blow up doll at home It's got what those little O shape mouths? It's not possible that they could just like have like a sort of fluffy Well, you know like yeah, like maybe she could wear Chuck Meyer mask That would be good like a bang Okay, I said something about having a news called in remote from Holland and something about a finger in the dust Thanks, Bob. All right. Let's go to Miami. Hello if you can if you can imagine John can use arteries You see the sewers in high allia Because they use them as cooking oil and it goes right down the drain Yeah, and literally there's a problem because it's solidifies in the sewers I hadn't thought about that it hardens. Yeah. That's one of these why you don't pour oil down the drain With like a something between Plato and you know you may have the analogy of the day too because John can he's been dead so long It was a nice reach. Yeah, isn't it? Yes, well, I mean it I mean next would be like Sebastian Cabot that's a really big Reliative hormonal hormonal body in the background, you know, yeah Okay, well, thanks for pointing that out. Let's go to Mobile Hello Hello, hello, sir. Oh, that's Friday everybody little slow on the draw today. Speak. Yeah, I guess we are Cut from waiting I guess, but I'm not complaining You'd never do yeah back at us and I think once you're trying to tu pal That smell but yeah Sorry for you. I don't know if it's ranked up with the rest of years, but Well, right now Yeah, I had to go out of town for about a week and And either the 94 I left or the day I left some time Lightening hit my freezer and the freezer's in the garage. Yeah, boy About three days later. I got a call my daughter who was coming into feed animal She says I don't know if smells like one of the animals died, but they're all still eating and none of them really smell bad Yeah, but I see mob lately. Yeah, she was with me. Oh Uh So how am I home? I couldn't figure out what was smelling so bad, but boy it was really really bad So you went your meat went bad on you, huh? Well, I bad Conk We had your water Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, freezer full of fish after all. Yeah, I was like when you walk in a supermarket and we're maybe they've had a power out or something You had the seafood laying around too well Everybody has smelled that oh brother I don't know if they smell that after a week oh God pretty dog on bad anyway Listen guys you were talking about paying a dollar for a caller. Yes, sir. I got paid two dollars yesterday And given a diary We can't do it, but I just want sure to love you. Yeah, well, I'll be over watch a car Well, I'm more good news on Friday the 13th is that I am talking to you so I must be listening There you go pal. Okay, home art cards great things are coming your way Yeah, and don't go near that radio dial. Yeah, and just remember you know like when a week rolls rounders deadlines Yes, there is okay yesterday I fell next week and I guess it's just a it's a good thing that The diary of getting filled out absolutely You run a ballot. I'd be voting for you Once running run come on it's all over with I don't know If I wanted to listen to them, I'd be listening to them instead of listening to you guys a couple years ago You know there you go all right pal Okay, I just want to make sure he is nice and fresh and well done 9.5 to 2 in front of 10 all Can't do it I think she's dead all right, you know it's and his mark-up smell is Market a stormwater. Don't you? What is it? But you might make it come back. It's like soap opera. I kind of wonder she slammed into the side of a bridge And so what's wrong with the new Roger Thor? Why is everybody all freaked out? He's finally acting like an ice guy We have to say audio. We're a ghost Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station and today is Russia, Shana the Jewish New Year In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year Happy new year Hey hey hey Hey, you go home Oh, yes Fair back your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band It's Russia, Shana with their greatest hits album stockhop at the synagogue I as reformed a new 12 kosher cut so pop a Hebrew agent I This album should be in every orthodot rockers collection rolling stone gives it five stars of David I Rote the book of Jones stockhop at the synagogue new from Russia Shana now available in all record stores We'll talk twice when you get here. Don't pass over this album The Okay, 10 away to WOD happy Friday happy new year happy rose alopez day on Friday the 13th which is sufficiently Sinister it's an oldman Speaking of old people by the way. Thanks so much to all the old farts to call this morning the three or four of them anyway We can't stand when you come on that show. Why did you come out at ten o'clock then we'll listen to you Because you're listening right now are you fool and somebody are you yanking our change you think that for one second? I believe that any of those people are not listening right now like hangin right under the edge of their Colossity bag and squeezing it real tight As their teeth are fizzing louder than ever when at glass in the back of the room who are you kidding man? So how about that hockey game last nine-hath three to two and then of course a couple empty netters at the end Which made it five to two but the final score didn't reflect the intensity the hysteria of the game Curtis Joseph and my grick during credible and goal all kinds of scoring chances all kinds of goalpost being hit there Which helped rick you're out by the way and This is the way it should be you know if the thing would end at last night I mean it's anti-climactic two quick games in Iraq you have to have the best of three and so now it sets it up for tomorrow night It eight in Montreal game three in the world cup and You know, I wasn't really rooting hard for Canada last night even in spite of that one twirp that call the other day Especially when I found out he don't know hockey from his as he wouldn't know merits steer-hime from Merritt Dokey that guy Is that great that we have like some new blood in there that sees your odious his a step to side That we have merit steer-hime back to kick around again another old crony and other old flunky Why do we bring back Steve Clark huh? That's what I say let's make him the head-hunter with this town Then there's a thing in a herald here No vote for the new data arena would delight Broward and might cost the account a three million dollars my cost some money If the public if the public rejects the plan like there's some doubt here But the best article of all about this and by the way Dave hide you're on heavy drugs man I don't know what's wrong with you. What's happened to you that thing about Mickey Erison Which I'll get to eventually oh my god Dave hide I think is the antichrist Ritter steps away from the fray Tony Ritter chairman of night-ritter and a key architect of the arena financing plan in date said Thursday He will no longer take an active role in the arena debate night-ritter owns the herald no no no no doubt I'm planning on fading into the background he said in the interview he said the change in role was triggered by the Successive Dan Paul's petition drive now that it's a political campaign I really can't be active he said Ritter said it would be inappropriate for an I rid it apart Discivate in the election campaign. I do have a strong interest in arena He said but I'm not gonna have any kind of leadership role right like there wasn't a conflict of interest in the first place Like there always was with a hero where they use their new news pages to propaganda dies and try to put crap over on the public like the metro Real anybody remember the way they sold us to metro rail and it seems to me that merit steerheim was the county manager back then in date county wasn't he? Oh my god, but now it's the a great elder statesman merit steerheim was coming back to save the city of Miami right What what is so what kind of letters are those on there? What is that all about is that a new deal that we're like in love In lower case hello Purple line Hello speak to me Yes, sir this is iron how you doing Okiyara oh god. Oh god. I just wanted to let you know that See the other Where is pearl when we need her the other day when you're talking on the radio about getting one of the Canada cup Yes, and the car who didn't know anything and he said it was off sides and you vehemently It was off side. What was off side? But let me let me also say this today It wasn't three or four steps off side no was a half a stride. It was it was a I'd say about six inches Because if you look you have to look at the puck and most of these people already understand the rules They're just looking at the bodies and bring the more Did appear to be well ahead, but the puck was on the line I said I'm gonna head the puck on the blue line and bring the more tried desperately to get a skate back on the line But was about five six seven inches over the line. It was off side, but they blew it. They must be ESPN to the pretty good job on the showcasing and they showed it last on CBC to they showed it Neil, let me ask you a question. You were You know I remember back when the strike was ending and I had said you you'd I pay pretty much Anything to go to the pro hockey games and of course last year was unbelievable. Yeah, what the finals how expensive? You know you can't be hearing about these outlandish prices that we have at the fleets center. Yeah, you know And I know that for me personally $48 that take it by two season tickets is 96 bucks a game 4-100 bucks plus parking How he would start at the buy a soda or anything down there right right Yeah, I mean you think they'll be 75 bucks that take it for those seats? We're not here. No, I don't think it's gonna be all that much more because they're gonna have all the revenue from the skyboxes I'm not saying I'm not gonna say that they're ever gonna lower the price because I'll never believe that But I don't think they'll have to jack them away up because they'll have all the revenue from the skyboxes and the advertising and all the other stuff And addition to which they might have a Mickey Eris into kick around because it looks like he's gonna be coming on his hands and he's in suck and win to be a tenet up in there Do you think though that there's really enough Corporate sponsorship to sell those things when they're having enough problems with the dolphins in there and that's stuff about the club seats and The and the License rights for the extra money to buy club seats. Yeah, but you gotta understand the reason that they raised the price on the boxes and the club seats and all of that stuff It it pro player or whatever. It held it is this week was because the because of the tax situation That's why all those prices went way up. You know the other day Something because I'm in the car all the time. I do listen to the hummer quite frequently. Yeah, I see here. We go again. Yeah Now, oh, you know, I did I'm not gonna walk. No, I'm not not knocking, but I'm just showing you how how interesting it is that one day It seems like everybody in their brother listens to the Humperney after doing that the next day when they find out fill is leaving He's the greatest things since Hall of awe well all I know is that he has been Two things number one. He's been staying all along about Tony Reader and the puppet and the Mickey Arson. I mean he if anybody bless those guys it's him and I don't I don't I'm not I Trientie you just let him have it five second before I got open why not the phone But he really let's I mean he is relentless. He's ruthless to them. Yeah, and the other thing is somebody called him up about a monster to a go and Set to him What was his big problem with Jeff Remer and you and he said he said the big problem that he had with Jeff Remer was That he said he reported to you about that he was leaving to a M going to First of all Jeff Remer never told me that that was a listener that told me that Jeff Remer never said anything about Hank going to Q a to a F a N that was a listener that started that rumor It happened to do with Rimmer, but it's just an excuse because Hank is jealous and jealous and obsessed with me So therefore instead of taking shots at me, he does it through Rimmer as if I really care right okay, I'm a great day and back to you Thank you 10 15 at Wild The opinions expressed by the host cast or colors on Wild or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors All Wild programs are coffee right 1996 by Wild Incorporated No tapricorings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of Wild Incorporated Okay, 10 18 at Wild was just getting some great news through the grapevine So anyway, I just want to express my personal opinion I think Jennifer Rem is a class act all the way. I love Jennifer she and I've worked together for years I have no problems with Jennifer she's entitled for opinion and the fact that Rick Riley got psychotic yesterday Because she expressed an opinion he didn't like tough crap is basically the way I look at it. That's number one Number two I'm delighted over the fact that we had an opportunity yesterday for a field of envy to come on a year and Do publicly what he's been doing off the year for four months now and that is try to convince me to get out of here No, seriously, don't you find that I don't know what to use the word disingenuous sinister subversive I don't know what term to use because I don't know what motivation there could possibly be there because I don't You see there's some people you work with in the business like years ago like I worked with Bill Carter was a good friend of mine We go to the track he and his wife for good friends of mine a Craig Warthing was a good friend of mine Worked of KT but very rarely do I become close with people that I work with just as George Hilltitle That's the understatement of the century. I'm a hard ass. Okay, but in this particular case I've never even gone out and had a beer or a hamburger with Phil Henry's been here two and a half years And there's just never I mean he's here and he afternoon I leave here with two and there's just never even been the occasion that we've ever even sat down and talked out of this building once So why the tremendous interest in my career and where I'm going and what I'm gonna be doing I'm not going anywhere I'm satisfied with making the income that I'm making which starts with a very significant number and And you know, I'm like I said before I don't plan on doing this the rest of my life I don't want to be the Bob Barker of talk radio I don't want to be like long John Nebel and crock on a year I don't understand those people. I mean to each and so and there are those guys who say oh, I You know once they quit they croaked you know that's the that's why George Burns was on stage until the day that he croaked it That's fine. There are some people like that who haven't had any that's all their is in life Maybe after Gracie died that's all George had left to do was pop on cigars instead and hobble around on stage Maybe that was it whatever. I don't know But I somehow could probably scrape by I could somehow manage without the delight of coming in here And begging people to talk to me every day and I would just you know if I could eat out a life that would be it I would just go away and vanish and disappear and like Andy Williams That's one thing I do like about Andy Williams And I'm sorry that I played the godfather yesterday because I apologize profusely because Andy can't sing as well out of a paper sack But at least Andy Williams. There's a guy who made a lot of them. I'll tell you another one Mike Douglas Anybody he was on with what's your name the other day who's the Who's that new talk show bitch? What the hell is her name? She's really she's good. What color white? Not rosio Donald or maybe it was rosio Donald. Oh, like I said I take that back. She's not good Man, it was rosio Donald Mike Douglas because that's right cuz they were ripping the osmons again. He took the shots her moments But why not the guy made millions of dollars? What does he need to be Potchicking around now trying to be an editor tanner? So I'm not interested at this stage of my life at this age and after 20 years of frustration in this town I've like starting all over again if a starting oh, I'm gonna be syndicated great That's wonderful. Sure. I'd like to be on nation wide and talking to people and I have 8 million phone lines and have a thousand phone calls at all times and be making 2-3 million a year That's great Maybe I'm lazy maybe I'm not highly motivated Maybe I'm just a content even though I come in here and grumble on the ear That's part of the stick, okay. Maybe I'm content with you know, she'll have it along with that check that I carry in a suit case to the bank every Thursday Maybe it's enough for me But I just I find it just bizarre that this man on an almost daily basis You got to call this agent and I gotta get out of here and I'm gonna do this and windows in my contract and windows in the building I don't I don't understand it. I don't know where this man is coming from Is he really my keeper is he looking out for my best interests? Do I believe that? Do you believe that? Do you think that that's what this is all about? Do you think or do you think that because somebody is leaving? They would enjoy seeing what they left behind is disintegrate and as much respect as I have for Phil Henry is at one of the great talents in his industry Not just now, but ever and I've said that for for since he came in his building Since he started doing afternoons and we really got the hang of what he's doing He's a phenomenal talent. He's a funny guy But guess what before Phil came here we were doing great You know what I'm saying in other words. Somehow we survived here before he came this isn't a shot This is just a statement of fact since we're laying this all out on the table And I have a feeling that somehow maybe after he leaves even though there's gonna be a gigantic void there We probably will have a chance to succeed again, especially with a more aggressive ownership That's gonna do some marketing and hopefully do some things. We might just make it But I just find it very very peculiar and very unusual that on an almost daily basis you got to get out of here And it's a crap now I'm not going anywhere. Maybe just out of spite. I'm gonna stay now Because I don't understand that whole deal. I don't get it It's like when I was walking across the street with Bob Neal the day that the announcement was made of the sale of the radio station And he said to me he said to me that packs in what Wiod primarily for Neal Rogers and the dolphins those were his words And he said well, you know if it doesn't work out there's always how words that work and there's always this there's always and I thought boy We aren't even across the street yet and already they're like planting the seeds of what you know you can always bail out Think about it or not 1024 Wiod Dolphins float And then we like to talk about Every Monday night from 6 to 8 p.m. and sometimes on Tuesdays joy sports talks 610 dolphin edition as default in the mad dog broadcast live from David Busters and Hollywood You can be a part of the action when great prices like the Miller light NFL player the year till gate cooler kid a Free scene from Austin work a digital satellite system and you can catch special appearances by dolphin players As since these guys plan the NFL you gotta get a whole window that's from our back in shining limo service It all happens at one of the most amazing places in South Florida David Busters right off by 95 in strolling road There's 50,000 square feet of food and fun including d and b's million dollar midway Sports talk 610 dolphin edition live from David Busters from Miller like GMC truck dealers Austin birth were really great bit cost less and you stock in entertainment radio 610 W I O D News talk at entertainment radio 610 W I O D you're being very difficult with me this morning. Yes, I am Okay 1024 a.a. to W ID so what are you saying George you saying that out of a read with them? Oh Adam agreed well, that's because Adam has become a little suck whole little underling and that's suggest the way it goes You know, I can't worry about that. I think that once this thing gets over the guy that called this morning on Rick show Even though he was full of crap in one part He said oh my yeah, that thing would Jennifer that was bad radio. It was great radio It was some of the best radio we've ever had on this radio station yesterday. I'm gonna say it again Everyone in this building the it's like a clock that just stops We know when the little hand hits the big hand and everything freezes in motion And that's how this building was there was no work going on even in the few departments where the Occasionally is some there was nothing going on in this building everybody was gathered around they had the monitors on in every Orifice in every toilet in every Nook and cranny it was all over the building and What why was that because there was stuff going on it wasn't it wasn't Contrived see Mr. Ego and a people on the light bulb for years They've been doing that real boring contrived controversy where they try to whip up all this a contrived hate see this was real hate This was really no seriously this was real disagreement real honest stuff being laid out And that's one thing that I've always thrived on is like putting stuff on the air that nobody else ever puts on the air The audience says one he wrote bunch of contrived crap With the same Mr. Kane and Mr. Simon nobody wants to hear that crap man Oh man after the first 400 pounds of that crap it starts smelling pretty bad and the taste ain't too good either But would you have people on who legitimately have some differences there When you have people who are scapegoating and looking to lash out and leash out in every direction to blame others for their failures It creates the opportunity for real Whatever it was whatever you want for real soap opera And I think if if there's one thing that can keep us going these next 10 days and you do realize now the number up there on the board I told Adam we're changing that number to instead of counting days We're counting shows because it's a smaller number and it's it creates like a foreseeable end to this So we have 10 more shows after today During which we will be owned by Cox enterprises after which the transition will finally Finally at long last take place We're digging up Martin Luther King. We'll come in on that day and say free it last It's at a run so on and the old people say oh free will take some That's right So here we are just laying it right out there on the line. I'm gonna say it again I think that you know what we once the transition takes place Ron and Ron as much as I you know what I think a Ron and Ron I hope they bring all their people over here. I hope they do a 10-share in a morning Just so there's a possibility that we can have some dribble over in the other day parts and we might expand our humans That are talking of the same people This is one of the biggest problems of this radio station that the current owners don't understand and don't want to understand Because it requires an effort to change you can't keep saying the same things to the same people over and over Again, you have to develop new cum. It's like these promos that we keep running There isn't anybody who listens to this radio station that doesn't know we have sports talk that doesn't know we do the traffic That doesn't know we have new Exactly There isn't anybody who doesn't know these things already So what we keep doing is recycling the same cum and telling the same people the same things until they can We set it by road. You remember Kyle wrote junior So meritokie said Here's my me be chill. Oh You suck ass. Oh, okay. Thanks so much good. We waited for like one half an hour for that I'm glad you got a rich full life pal Cut the crap Rick stuff trying to do voices We have an open line in date 75 one Wild we have an open line on the purple line poundild One in Broward here's a lady in my me be chill. Oh Hello, new yes New Hello, new yes. I want to wish you some to dip to color. I don't celebrate happy new year I don't celebrate it. You're doing happy new year to you. Oh, okay happy rush you shana. Thank you. Bye Open line in date. I'm not gonna come on here pretend for the benefit of our Jewish friends out there that Who cares about this stuff? Stop wasting your money. Okay go out and throw the moths is away or whatever it is. We're doing out. That's it pace off throw that stuff away With this so what is Jewish holiday so it's not really 1996. It's 57 What is it? What's here? Anybody have the thing or what who knows what it is and who cares? You keep running around town everybody. Oh, it's not 1996. It's 50. It's 25 25. Here's what Zagarin Evan said Forget about it already, Wildia With this religious with this cockah stuff with all this phony baloney stuff And that young kippur crap but we all got a fast because it's the day of atonement We got a what tone for our sins. How about an animal sacrifice huh? Let's go find that sicken Let's cut out the perfect and see if God has pleased that that A partial to goats personally and in fact I would think that after all these years of sacrificing those animals I would think that a lot of these gods are getting a hardening of the arteries or hardening of something by now So cut the crap already okay. I guess I would have a wonderful life and the happy is she was and Whatever and happy rose a Lopez day I think that it's really fantastic that the rose a Lopez thing and Friday the 13th and rush your Shona are all falling basically at the same time this year. I think I see a lot of similarity Here's a call from Tampa and we have no idea why because they can't hear us Hello, yeah, like I said here is a candle hello Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I love the reference to Zagre 11's I haven't heard that name and in quite a long time Yeah, listen about Andy Williams Oh, for me. I'm so sorry. I mentioned that now But the thing is the guy's got his up they're all out in Branson, Missouri They don't fade away now. They go out there and they get their own conventional and they make a fortune from nine to five And Branson Missouri what's Andy Williams got to do with that is he he's entertaining out there Yeah, he's got his own place. I can believe it was on TV the other night. Yeah, and he looks like a hundred and ten Uh-huh, you know, uh, I'll thank God we don't have to see him anymore on TV. That's my point Yeah, he's got his own thing out there My goodness was on there yesterday they had to bring out his body parts in a jar all the people all the people that are at You don't even hear about anymore. They've all got their own little saloons out there making a fortune Well, let me ask you this question if you were Bob Barker and had probably fifty or hundred million dollars floating around somewhere Would you be on there every day doing that stupid show or coming in the bug once or twice a week to take a show? He looks ridiculous. I mean, what's the point when when do people like Dick Clark and Ed McMan? I mean, that's got enough for beer money. When did these people ever have enough already? I don't know. It's really sad. I want to keep working until the day they stick their ass in the ground. I don't get it I know they they're seven thing about George Burns But like you were saying that was his whole life. Yeah, but he knew after great after great. I mean, he and Gracie were like You know so close and once he died that was all he had left. Yeah, I just read his all about One of the great love stories in the history was George Burns and Gracie Allen Yeah, and that's all he had if he didn't if he didn't have a stage you had nothing else You have a big cigar and the behead a big one. Yeah, the big one not as big as Milton Burrell, but he had a big one You know, I'll tell you I'm I'll listen into the station and it's like listening to other people's grief or misery But I'm telling you you guys With all this stuff going on it's been some of the best radio. I've heard I can't I can't guess today I'm gonna say I've been in the 20 years on here in this market yesterday was the greatest day of broadcasting in the history of Miami radio I heard a bit of it I call I call Phil and I made a reference to Ellis Ruben and he I didn't even I wasn't even sure Him being in town only two and a half years that he would he would know yeah, Ellis Ruben and He got it right off the bat and and perceived to hang up on my quickly and so I wasn't even sure it was gonna get that yeah, but the guy you don't get you don't get a curve ball by him Yeah, that's pretty damn sure One one little slider one thing and why do you think that Phil Henry is so anxious for me to leave Wio Didn't get out of this market. Why do you think that is I have no idea Well, don't you think it's someone I don't know you find it unusual? It's very unusual. I think that nobody wants to get cut from the team No matter what it is and I still think he I don't care if he's going to KFI or YFI or the Jetsons network. Yeah, remember he's going nobody likes to be cut from the team and I agree with you 100% the only people powerful enough to do what has been done to him Is the Miami Dolphins organization and the deal with Brian Cox? Yeah, who else could be behind it? Well, I think that had a lot to do with that. I mean, I don't you know I can't say it for sure, but I think that I know you talked about it Huh? I know you took a mom you took on Brian Cox For whatever reason the dolphin organization is put up with me for all these years They they just humor me and they just don't take me seriously and I've never pissed anybody in the organization off Enough to the point where they've said oh well if Rogers is on your go buy you know that kind of thing I guess they figured that Mr. Hendry and they were work a little and didn't get away with it They just had two thin of a force gun. I think that was the problem. Have a great day pal. Okay, see you two Open lines in date 7519463 751 WOD we have an in-browered five two four and two He was talking entertainment radio This is an WIOD This is the Neal Rogers show This is your brain Any questions The sign I used to stay to Robbie with dark and now they're calling it pro player Park Cause brood of the loaves say it's time for a change The new rule. No, you have to show up in your underwear And no one ugly is allowed in there so you'll have one fun checking out those funds boy Find the first line down so I can get my Kings up When the game is over tight just like my brutal loaves back around over my bulging mouth Now you can see a lot more at the game since everybody is on dress the same and you can look around to see what hangin down This is paradise Wow, I never realized that's a good one What made me glad if my jockey set the football field since the robbie is gone and now it's B.T. Park Yeah Little that Bond Check that Mots de routine mechanic Underwear man At their tunnel of love, I've never realized just how good it would feel Being glad in my jacket that the football fields are obvious Come, oh, and now it's B.P. Park, B.C.L. and B.P. Park, Like playing at B.P. Park, B.P. Everybody got to bring their own P.P. Don't forget Sunday. Wanna clock against the jets. I'll be there for our first foot first off in game in two years. This is going to be some happening. I'll tell you that. I sure hope Britsua hasn't been eaten too much at the track lately So I have at least a half a seat to sit in. 1043 a W.I.O.D. here's a lady in Pembroke Pines, hopefully under the age of 100. Hello. Hi, Neo. Yes, ma'am. I wanted to talk to you about the acting site for a minute. If I could. But I didn't want to bore you with that. Yeah. But I'm not having very much success. Yeah. And I don't know how to talk to you. I mean, is there anyone that I can... Do you have the book? Yeah, I have the book. I even have the club book. Yeah, and how long have you been on it? A month. Yeah, and how much have you lost? I lost 10 pounds in the first week. I gained five pounds back in the third week. Any were still on it? Yeah. Faithfully. You're drinking diet soda? Yep. More water so than anything else. But I went to the woman over at Delight, Parentheverpein, and she said she's an authorised seller of all his products. And I asked her what the problem was, and she asked me if I was taking a supplement and I told her no. She told me that was the problem. I don't agree. Nobody loses weight by taking supplements. The only reason you take supplements are so that you don't lose essential nutrients while you're cutting down on carbohydrates. Right. And supplements don't make you... If just taking supplements made you lose weight, then everybody would just be poppin pills and lose weight. Exactly. And that's why I couldn't believe in it. But I mean, who else can I turn to to help me? But why don't you call it? Did you call the number in the book? Oh, you know what? I didn't even know there was one in there. I bet. I don't remember what it is. But it's in there. I definitely will look for it because I just... And see what you need to do. I don't go along with anybody that just goes out and buys the book and does it on their own. You've got to find a doctor that believes in it and that'll supervise it and it'll take the periodic blood test and see how your cholesterol is doing and your triglycerides in the whole deal. And answer your questions. I'm never ever again going to be put in a position of playing Dr. here on here. I just don't know how the answers. I understand that. And any even if I were a doctor, I couldn't. Could I diagnose you over the phone? Do I know? Am I following you around watching what you're eating all day every day? No, I don't know. I understand that. But I just didn't know if there was anyone that I could have. I mean, if you were to just slow down, I would understand it. But to gain five pounds back, if you know, and maybe you're eating stuff that isn't legitimate, that isn't really on the diet. Are you buying somebody because you mentioned a place? Are you buying cheesecake and the other stuff? Well, I didn't buy there. Actually I did buy them, but I didn't like them. So I made my own. Yeah. But I checked all the carbohydrates and I watched what I was using in them. And I have to say that I have stayed under 20. Trying to get things moving. But I took me one day to get into ketosis. Well, maybe you've got to eat problem. Yeah. Well, I didn't really expect to get a lot of things. But you've got to eat. You've got to talk to a doctor. You have to find a doctor that doesn't go. Are there actual doctors that follow this diet? Yeah. I hear about all this fend fend and reducts and all these pills and everything. And I'm not interested in that. But I didn't know if there were actual doctors that... Almost all those pills are our speed. That's all that stuff is. Yeah. I'm not interested in any of that. I just want to stick to the diet. But I think that there were doctors that actually followed it. Yeah. And that's why I called you because I really didn't know where to turn. Yeah. And I don't expect you to tell me what to do over the phone. Well, I can have George give you my doctor's number all the way. See you in Broward. He's in Miami Beach. But it's up to you. Maybe you can call there. He's on it himself. He's a real big believer in it. I mean, I have never talked to anybody that hasn't walked away on the diet. Yeah. And that's why and I have a hundred pounds to lose. Right. Not like I'm trying to lose 20. Well, if you got that much to lose, you've definitely got to have a doctor. You can't just buy a book and start patchking around with your body. Hang on a second. Okay. Okay. Line four. You got the stuff, right? Two open lines in date. Seven five one. The doctor's in. I'm not a guy. Believe me, I'm fat as a pig. Seven five one nine four six three seven five one WIOD. We're going to come to the answer this morning about why Phil Henry is so anxious for the rest of us to all bail out of WIOD. We're also going to find out. We're going to hear from Jews who are not celebrating a New Year or a young kipper. We're not going to show. We're going to hear from them. We're going to also find out if Dave Hyde is doing speed or other drugs because lately between his column about the Troy Acmon book by Skip Baleous, which all it did was publicized the book. See, I don't see that anybody is falling off the deep end. I didn't see Troy Acmon get benched. I saw Dallas kicked the crap out of the giant last week. I don't see people swarming diving off top, build tall buildings because Troy Acmon might be gay or might not. Nobody really gives a crap. And your Dave Hyde helped us sell a lot of books and create a lot of interest in that and bring it to everybody's attention. And now in his column today, which is one of these columns where he just has a lot of idle thoughts about this and that. And I was reading it and his usual enjoying Dave Hyde's column because I like Dave. But he gets to a thing about these as you know, who I feel sympathetic towards in his heat situation while not agreeing with his arenas stand Mickey Erison. His family got involved in the heat to help the area. He took over the heat completely to keep the team in Miami. All he wants to do is build a championship team, not a sports empire. All he does is get ripped. And I'm wondering is this man is this supposed to be tongue in cheek? Is this a joke? His family got involved in the heat to help out the area. And that's why they wanted to push through. They wanted to sneak through this arena. They wanted to force the Panthers out of town. And they wanted to sneak through this new arena three and a half blocks away from the present one right by the port of Miami for the fun and benefit of the Erison family in the Harold. I mean, let's get serious. Okay, not to mention, of course, all the hijinks with Pat Riley and Joanne Howard and all the other stuff that they tried to pull the wool over the NBA. So I forget about that. And the fact that they went up there and lied and broored counted to the commissioners and Pauline Winnick did a Mickey's bidding up there and pretended that they really had an interest in going in the new Broward Arena and then brought all the information back today and tried to pull the wool over the people in Dave County. Dave, hi, Matt. I think I think too many of those defoshoes, man. I think it'll do it to you better watch out for my friend Ruben. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Great. One quick thing, a day report for you. Yes, sir. Now, Bill and Howard. Yeah. I never seen one of these before. The pig's sitting on the corner with the no padden pen. I don't know if they can figure out he's taking a seat belt for a race. Standing there smoking a cigarette and just standing on the corner. Standing on the corner with the padden pen. No radar gun, no nothing. Yeah, maybe he's checking out who's being naughty in nice. He was making a list and checking it twice. Got to check in and check there and put people flying by and it's going left and right. Nobody doesn't have a pistol and he's not the shooter radar. No pistol and no radar gun, no nothing. I never seen a seat belt check before, but the cocky's running is on a little survey there. Great. A new wrinkle has been added, man. Plantation PD. I feel a lot safer for the new year. Thanks, now. Thanks a lot. Okay, there's a little Warren for you and Howard. 751. No, I did not know you were getting married Randy and quite frankly, I don't think anybody's really interested in this point. Don't take it personally unless you want to, but you've been living with a guy for like 75 years. No, it's not like a major announcement and if you work expecting a wedding gift, get serious. 1050 at WIOD, who doesn't like to go out for a great meal? Huh? Who doesn't like saving money at the same time? Now there's a way to save 25% every time you die out with a transmedia card. The transmedia card saves you 25% on the entire food and ring portion of your bill and that includes any guest you pay for. And it's easy because the transmedia card is linked to a credit card of your choice. Why do you do his pay for your meal with your transmedia card? And a 25% credit shows up on your next statement. It's that easy. No coupons to muck you around with, no books, none of that stuff. Just the card. You can use it anytime anywhere with no restrictions and there's over 150 restaurants in South Florida to choose from like Cocoa Pazzo, like Sheymax, like Bistro 209, like Red Flannel Cafe, like Giacosa, like Casablanca and lots lots more. And over 7,000 more restaurants all around the world. And now I'll get the transmedia card for just 25 bucks for the first year that's 50% off the regular membership fee. Call 1-800-791-Dine. 1-800-791-DI&E. It comes with a money-back guarantee. So you've got nothing to lose but that big bill. Save 25% when you eat out with the transmedia card. Get yours today by calling toll-free 1-800-791-Dine. 2-N-O. And guess who's next? The jet's beautiful. Dolphins on radio, news talking entertainment radio, 610-W-I-O-D. It's big deal. It's big in a boat of us. Well congratulations, get a life. Okay, come down to you. For 1054, W-I-O-D, open line in date, one in Broward's 72-1-A-Green lines, and one even on a purple line, mobile one cell 18-T-Warlis at Pound I-O-D. Here's Tamarack, hello. Yes sir. Good morning to you. What is D-S? Um, this Rick and Son, just Rick and Jennifer M-S, I like to address that up like that. The Rick and Rem thing, yeah? Right. Rick and Son, they're great. They're going back to Astinune, which is even more great. But why, well, I'm not going to ask you why, but I think Rick and Jennifer Rem is really low and we're hitting on everyone on the news and the traffic. Traffic, traffic, traffic. Let me explain, of course the traffic sucks. Let me explain this to you, okay? Jennifer is the news director. Right. And what Jennifer took exception to was the fact that Rick, you know, when I kind of like brought this all out of the closet yesterday, that Rick was placing blame on Jackie and Quinn and the certain other people in news department for the demise of the numbers on a morning show. And she took that personally and I would, you know, tend to agree with her, like I told Rick the other day that bringing back Chuck Meyer is not the answer. And I don't think that most people tune into any show because they want to hear a certain news person, especially on this radio stage. Not going to understand if we were in all news station. I'm going to understand if we were like an old funny daddy station or people wanted to hear a Walter Crohn guy doing the news. But that's not the nature of this radio station. You're only hearing for five minutes on each side of the hour. And as long as somebody can see him, we'll read more than two words without stumbling and falling down and just pass along the information and play the spot and get out. That should be it. That's exactly right. And of course, one of the things that never did come up in the course of conversation yesterday was the fact that Rick has never gotten into a newscast on the time in the 70 years or whatever it's said that he's been on his radio station, which of course puts additional stress on the news people. So that's what generated all of that. And I think that when you want to make it into a personal thing, that's up to the two of them. But, um, oh, Franca, I tell you. Franca, bring it out like that. And it's just so assigned for him to blame everyone in the news that you're only hearing a total of five minutes on each side of the hour about the news. Yeah. It's, you know, it's a little felt and his program is in bad anyway. But to him to get so petty to try to blatantly play. Well, I think that when you've got deficiencies, and we've all got things that we can fix. Nobody does a perfect show. I don't know anybody, including yours truly. Who does a perfect show? We can all improve. He's supposed to perfect as a guest. But, yeah, right. But, but, but when you're doing your gardening, but the thing is this that when you've got areas that need to be worked on, for example, like I, you know, I tried suggesting different things to Rick over the years. And he he'll solicit your opinion. But then he, whatever you say, he wants to do the opposite. If you want to hear nothing, you're Gilbert. And I'm Tonya, this guy, this guy that they have calling in. I don't know what the guy's name is. He's from somewhere in the Midwest and they pay him to make these calls, you know, Tom Grachow and Bob Dool. Yeah, he's, he's like a comedy guy, allegedly. This guy is the kiss of death. I'm telling you, in the last year, I've never heard that guy come on without punching the button and turning that show off immediately. And, and I think I got a some kind of idea of what humor is, okay? The guy's not funny. He's pathetic. And Gilbert is less than that. And I bring those things up this morning and right away, it's like I just brought in a knife again. I like stab Rick in a back or something. He did take straight to offensive that and I don't know what that's all about. Why I think he just needs to grow up a little bit. But well, that's part of it. I think instead of being stubborn and hard to ask for, I thought he was moving away from that a little bit. You got to start patching up those areas that need to work instead of lashing out and looking for a scapegoat and blaming the newest person or the guy that the janitor that empties out the waste basket as for the reason why you're not doing his greatest you might. Definitely. And I love janitor Ram. Everybody loves janitor. I bought her a lip to nice tea bottle. Remember that little thing they were doing? The bidding on the stuff in the garbage yard cigar? Oh yeah. Remember? Yeah. Well, I have a lip to nice tea bottle. That was on Phil's show. Yes, it was. Right. So I take exception and I take a personal work says about my janitor Ram. It just keeps getting bigger. Okay, well, have a great day. Okay, we have an open line in date, 751. Is Jennifer in the building there? She on a she resting or something. Because I know this Jackie Quinn took off for the weekend. She went up to the north east somewhere to get out of here. She probably went up there hoping to get hit by that hurricane. Because it was pretty intense here yesterday. So she's gone and if Jennifer and see, I don't know what the problem is. I mean, I like Terry Griffin is sitting in there right now. We love Terry. Terry is great. He does a super job on the news. I don't think people specifically tune in the show because they want to your Terry do the news, but she's sensational and it's great. And we're going to miss her because she's not going with this issue. No. Damn it. And we wish that you were. Thank you. You know how I feel. I know. And the Jennifer, she's been doing the news on this show for a long time. A most of the day parts. And it's great. And once it's a blue moon, I'll come on at the end. We'll have a little verbal intercourse back and forth. And if the sheer on this show dropped a point or when during those periods of time when the numbers go down a little bit, I don't come on and say, oh, it's the news people's fault. It's that damn Terry Griffin and Jennifer Riem. It's their fault. And I think it's unfortunate. But I'm glad that it came up because I think that it'll force some people to reassess their attitudes. I'm not sure that's really happened yet. But I think that if we continue banging away at it, some people will be forced to reassess their own performance and their own involvement and their own effort and their own priorities. And kind of like put things in perspective. Although of course there might be some people who are beyond doing that. But again, I don't want to conjecture. Time will tell. Here's my, my, my, my, hello. Hello, Neil. Whatever. Yeah. Hey, Rick is a crime baby, you have. Anthony, you won't stop at you. When Jennifer and this point, he's a trainer, a ripper, a new one. And she has a guts to go off on you. He's a dog. Jack. Yeah. He's blaming her for all his problems. Yeah. He's a buzz. He should get a thinker's possibility. Stop talking about that. Well, how many years have I told him to grow up here in Boatchup? Okay. And I'm thinking that right now, if we really keep bang it away on this, to just maybe I know there's, uh, there are miracles. They don't happen very often. But just maybe there'll be a little growth. Just a little fuzz, a little fur, a little something might start and got only knows what that might turn into. You're lying to the soul of student. I think I can tell you I OD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. News is on an entertainment radio. And so, no one needs done headlines quite like a... We love the way. You speak your mind and tell them all. You went to the state and you fight with him, say. That this place needs a giant and he'd warm as blow-drop. Can't stop. Can't stop. Can't stop. Staying is not to be. Can't stop. Can't stop. That you'll really feel Henry. And if it can't have a sense you don't like, yeah, you're baby. And yet a life. Cos no one beats the kid, lights white like a genital genital. You're being very difficult with me this morning. Okay, 11.06, a Wild. Happy Friday. Happy Friday. The 13th. Happy Russia. Shana happy New Year. Happy. Happy. Happy. Happy to. Happy to. Happy. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy to. Happy Friday. Happy Thursday. Happy Friday. Happy Friday. Happy Friday. Happy Day.Happy Friday. Happy Friday. Happy Friday. Do you have another excuse? Every day line and two of the Brower lines and the purple line. at wall every day. We have two calls right away today. They get over. Be a little bit better. Make the sky next time. More. The board. They never burst in the air. Once you open and set the barge. Staying. brought up with Rick this morning about that guy that they paid to make those calls. Who's, you know, there's, I've always said there's nothing worse than somebody trying to be funny who isn't. I bring that up to Rick and you people won't call. You want you, they got nothing to say about it one way or the other. Because generally like I've said before, the people who call are asslicers and they just want to appreciate themselves and that's the purpose of the call. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, God. Yes I am. A few comments. Let me show you your Dave Hype, Erison, Bang. I, I agree. Okay. We have two open lines in date. 7, 5, 1. We got one in Broward. 5, 2, 4. One on the Green Lot. I've heard some real losers in my time. But going back to 9, 15 is morning starting with Pearl and Pearl, Mesta and the other geriatric we've heard from. Is there anybody alive out there? I'm extending the hand to friendship or the sort of democles or anything in between. What is it that we can stick in you, Utuya? Jesus, God Almighty, talk about the aging demographic. How about bringing Henry Barrow into the news on Rick and said, two old, oh sorry. How about Tom Hopkins? Oh, it doesn't have a colon, sorry. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Neil, happy everything everybody. Right. Thank you for the money. Happy some hostages. I want to run this morning on the Rick and Sachel. The what? Radio lesson. I thought you were literally tutoring Rick this morning. No, I was just trying to give some input because they are making his big switch over the afternoon. I think Rick ought to concentrate. I'm trying to get him focused in the concentrating on the things that he could do to improve the show as opposed to lashing out and blaming news people and janitors and watchmakers and everybody else. But I did catch one thing. Every, uh, the catch you make and the sort of resistance. Right. Exactly. That's the thing with Rick. The fact I should probably tell him that Gilbert is sensational and the guy that does those phone things is the funniest guy I've ever heard in my life. They'll both disappear in a heartbeat. Right. Now also I'm Jewish. I don't celebrate Russian Sunday. Oh great. I call my mother. She lives in Chicago. I wish her happy new year because she's a good old girl. But I don't care about it. Yeah. Well, I want to hear from all the non-observant Jews today who are much more concerned with eating home and touch in the forum and with being circumcised than with all these hoax-focused holidays. And a few other things. First of all, when the very jet crash occurred, Jennifer Rint came and then it's a horrific show. He's a bit of a great news lady. I don't see that he's subject to any criticism. And finally, for Phil Henry, listen without Neil and without the Dolphins or hisinal W. R.O.D. And you know, L.A. may be the greatest place in the world to bind the luck. But stop blasting us and putting down our town, the heck with a week out of live here. And we're going to make the best of it. Well I'm blasting it too. I mean, I hate it here in many respects, but I'm making a good living and I like the weather. But other than that, I'm not changing my tune because Phil Henry is leaving. That would be very disingenuous to use a word that I've become one of my favorites lately. But I'm curious as to why he's got this fetish with yesterday was trying to convince both Rick and Suds and yours truly that the past years are greener every place else. And we ought to be getting out of here. And it just smacks to me of a cox corporate effort to finish off and break this place into a million pieces before they handed over to Paxon. There was no doubt in my mind that that's where they're coming from. That's what they want to do. You said yesterday, it's radio spiked. Yeah, well, I've said that for years. But I mean, now more so than ever. I mean, well, how if you've got any kind of honor, if you've got any kind of decency, if you've got any kind of credibility, how do you make a financial deal with somebody and sell them property and then try to destroy it before they take control of it? It would be like it would be like you're selling somebody or house and then before the closing date, you'd run around crashing the house so that when they come in on closing date, they they walk into a piece of crap. Well, I don't think that I want to get sucked into that. I think I'm just going to enjoy the programs and everything's going to turn out okay. I agree. All right, have a good one. Okay, there you go. I'm not an observant. You, we need a lot more of them calling in who are going to be wasting their time rushing to shoul and putting on a phony act because it happens to be one of the important holidays. I mean, how do you separate? Well, this one's important and a simple story. That's not that important. Come on already. Stop with this archaic stuff. Baruchatara noy, alahino mellah came here money. Jesus, two open lines on the green lines, all this religious stuff, these bubble micees. That's the main reason. That's the one thing to go along with what Phil was saying yesterday and I admitted it. I would like to have a much broader forum speak to a lot more people. But that's the main reason because there is no one anywhere in this country, no one anywhere who speaks out against organized religion and who just on a practically daily basis, rips into all this hypocrisy and bull crap in the child molesting priests and all the hatred and all the stuff that's going on all over the world because of these fairy tales because of these fantasies because of what religion does best and that is generating hatred. And yes, I would like, you know, you've heard me say that for 20 years and probably getting tired of hearing it, but there's a lot of other people that never heard anybody expressed it and maybe just a few of them might stop and think, hey, you know, something that makes some sense, maybe. But hey, it's not good business. Twelve minutes after 11 at WIOD. Well, no, we're at total of 877-61 for a just auction. Until we find a suitable replacement for sex. We're doing sports late nights on 6th and WIOD. On bar and sports byline USA, 10PO tonight on UNSTalk and Intertainment Radio, 6th and WIOD. How's that hand job coming along, John? Handbeat, VED Gator Meat. Oh! Hey, so this radio station. Now the future isn't out. We've been talking about taxons. Ever since Cox pulled out now, we'll work for tax systems. The man's a millionaires. We've gone to work for tax systems. Welcome. He's like Queen with more hair. You might think that it's a bummer. When Bill Henry's gone. Say goodbye to Aaron Summers. Say hi to Ron and Ron. They're gone. We're from tax systems. And that's the matter of back. We're from tax systems. But Neil King, changing his act. Hey, asshole. Taxons are on again Christian. Rajas is he can be. He wants to change the stations. Letters, the WGOD. Now we'll work for tax systems. Neil, God. He's the plan to cost tax systems. Taxing, taxing, taxing, taxing, taxing. Taxing, taxing, taxing. Taxing, taxing, taxing. Yeah, but wait a second. 118 at WIOD. Open line in date 7519463. We're trying to hear from somebody under the age of 100. So far this morning we haven't succeeded. We're getting close though. We're getting pretty close. Here's somebody close who's like bubbling under. So long, Cox. Your head's full of rocks going to bury you up back in a cardboard box. I haven't. Happy new year. You're not Jewish. Well, no, so. So what? What's your point? But you are circumcised. That's true. I knew that. How do I know that Jim's going? Everybody knows that Jim's scholar is cut. You must be psychic. In fact, every time they make out the new line up, they get cut. I'm always the real good guy. So what are you doing these days? You're not still up there on J&O. Yeah. No, no. Free at last. Thank God Almighty. Yeah. No, I'm the director of public relations and advertising for Kyrus L. Jupiter's here. Formerly the Bert Reynolds dinner's here. Call the box office now. I'm a scam is that. 746 1800. Boy. You'd be right over there. You're right over there. I should buy a Suradalot. Don't you? Oh, man. But this is great. This is the best. Oh, yeah. Right by the beach. You get to go get your shoulders and it's glamorous and it's fun. It's exciting. So were you there when a blue-out boy Gerea was that after your departure? He came in and left after I did. So that was fun. Yeah. I missed him completely. He was there a very brief time. That was one of the shortest reigns since the origins of the over plantation. About five minutes too long. Yeah. Yeah. And then out. Well, you know what he told Randy. I got blown out. That's radio. Yeah. I didn't get invited to that wedding either. I don't even think he sued anybody up there to stay got blown out. That's radio. That's the way life is. Say, I'll be to A. I think Randy forgot which, which mental work you had to commit to. So I didn't get invited out. So did you send Randy a wedding gift by the way? No. I didn't get it. Did you attend her wedding? No. Did you notice that they were getting married? No. Yeah. Did I care? No. Right. Okay. I don't know. Why the hell did you call me? I heard the wedding was in. Where? But I could be wrong. Yeah. She, but Ellie was on a year disinemey yesterday for not sending her a wedding gift and acknowledging there. How to help was I supposed to know they were getting married? You know what? He doesn't make any difference because nobody's listening to her. Right. So I mean, the ones who told me. The only one they're listening to is Lee Fowler and they're treating him like a dog. I heard that he was suicidal. I mean, literally. Well, he, yeah, who wouldn't be? I mean, the guy, I mean, he goes, I mean, regardless of what you think about him and who's not he stole your act. The fact of the matter is the guy goes in does his best day after day. They're treating him like a dog. He's on his cousin for kidney dialysis three times a week and still shows up on time to do a show. Yeah. And then, you know, and he's the only one with any numbers. And they treat him like dirt. He has numbers. He does. He's the only one on the station who does. How do you like that? He's up there getting numbers stealing my act. The homers, the only one on QAM with any number stealing my act. Well, there you go, isn't it, wow? And I'm still sitting here getting a few numbers doing my own act. How do you like that? And I'm here to get that number die. Yeah. Well, listen, scholar. This has really been, uh, boring. Almost as good as that guy that calls Rick and Sutt's in the morning from Indiana, so for my, I'll card in Indiana. Right. Well, on my tape is in the mail. Okay. Okay. Take care of yourself. Bye-bye. Okay. I've had to do it. W-I-O-D. I'm telling you, Cheryl, that's what it is. Okay. 11 24 at W-I-O-D. So Cheryl, Rick and his, Cheryl, we, Rick and we in the shorts is in the building. And she's actually speaking to me and pointing. On Russia, Shunny, you don't point. Okay. You at least be on your best behavior. Go home and drink a little mug and David. And go to school. And kosher, kosher the house again. And send your kids off to Israel to be slaughtered by Arabs. You know, sooner or later, sooner or later. You know, you're just like Rick Riley. That was a real shot. That was the worst shot of all. Sooner or later, you have to get the message. When you're going to go on vacation, don't be a Jewish martyr all your life. Don't go visiting Auschwitz. Don't go to Egypt. Don't go to places where they have nothing but a bunch of our business anti-Semites. You can stay here for that. Go to someplace great. Go to Rome. Go to Amsterdam. Go to Stockholm. Go see the real world sometime before it's too late. Are you just picking on me? No. Okay. So like I said, I apologize for the Rick Riley comment. That was a low blow. You're welcome. Here's a dear field. Hello. Yes, sir. To stay non-religious due calling you up to say, Oh. And I resisted that I resisted Judaism ever since I was, I can remember. Yeah. I didn't even want to be bar midsmen. You got to be honest though. Judaism is a great culinary religion. Well, it's a great gastronomic religion. We got humontosh and on poor and we got, well, you know, I can't even remember that without the stale bread with the moths. You know, I used to like the holiday. They still like to take off school. Yeah, that's right. Lots of holidays including some two days and eight days and some real good long drawn out holidays. There you go. We're no dummies. I didn't go to Tampa and I didn't have a permit so I couldn't watch prank my hobbits your Johnny power go and play hockey. Really? So that was why I had to do it. But how did you use a lot of Jews in Toronto, eh? Oh, tons of them. Yeah. They got a whole set up their very religious as a matter of fact, Bathurstry right from, uh, to go from Bathurstry to Bedying up there, right through a goon and right up through a steel that's all Jewish there. Yeah. There must be, I'd say, 250,000. Yeah, a lot of, let's see, Toronto's got a lot of Jews. A lot of fags. Right. Oh, they have a chat there that can eat and homophilic association in Toronto. They have lots of Asians or orientals or whatever you want to call me. I've got a lot of people. They have one. You know the thing that I find fascinating is when we were in Rome, I pointed out to Johnny said, you know, there's a lot more middle eastern people in Toronto than there are in Rome. There's a lot more of times in Toronto than there are in Italy. Well, there's a lot, there's two like little Italy's in Toronto, which is amazing. And there's just tons of Chinatowns. They're all over the place. I swear you think you're in Asia sometime. But, but I will say this. The Asian people who live in Toronto are very much different than the ones who live here. Well, I would know because I have lived there in 20 years, but apparently my relatives all say they're very, uh, do-de-ass hardworking. Well, no, well, that's generally two with most of them, but they're much hyper and much more progressive and much more part of the main stream. Uh-huh. But then again, Toronto's a city that works with all the different people seem to get along and coexist in our part of the city as opposed to here where everybody's in their own little thing. Well, it's very cosmopolitan, you know, it's like New York. Right. Well, without all that, without that many black people, right? That's true. Well, you'd be surprised. It's got to be 100,000 Jamaicans, uh, Caribbean people up there now. They're Caribbean people. But they're all driving cabs. But, uh, no, very nice city, uh, between Joian Ogre. Right. Yeah. That's why I got down here because it just couldn't fathom the cold anymore. Uh-huh. It's, uh, just thought I'd call say hello. You know, I'm not really just you. There's a lot of us. You'd be surprised. No, I wouldn't be surprised. I think that, uh, the, the number of Jews who are really observant except on these high holidays though, Russia, Sean, on your own Kipper is when all kinds of Jews who the rest of the year couldn't give a damn less, all of a sudden become very religious. Yeah. And they're convinced that because they paid their dues a temple there for they should go and they should drag their kids along and they should pop a Yarmac on their head and they should, uh, they should force them to participate in all of this meaningless exercise. People, they've got to make an appearance for the boss or the who or they've got impressed everybody. Or the who, which I think the who are going to be on the temple. Okay. Are they Jewish? How are you enjoying the world cup? I think it's great hockey. I'm enjoying it a lot. And like I said, I really, uh, I'm not rooting for one country or the other. I'm glad to see it go the full three games for tomorrow night. Yeah. But, uh, it's just, it's just a real treat to see all. And I'm going to tell you these guys are not fooling around like for last night, lindros and la Claire who are not only teammates, but their line mates on the legion of doom on the flyers. They're line mates on the same team during the regular season. And they got into it a little bit and the lindros gave them a real shot. I mean, these guys are planned for country. And it's for real and they mean it. This has been great hockey. It has been to just eat time, cherry going on on and on about this kind of kind of all these fake injuries. Yeah. I love Bobbi or Bobbi or his right. Bobbi or his greatest player who ever played the game. There's nobody even close. He's absolutely right. But I still would take 40 hours of Bobbi or way. You know why just for longevity? Bobbi or would have played Bobbi. Yeah. But you know, it's interesting that he pointed out last night that Bobbi or roamed his legs and finished his career because he insisted in playing in the, or whatever was called Canada Cup. Right. Uh, that's what his very sad. And he wanted for us that year. Uh-huh. But that I, the Bobbi or in Gordi or both up there, I still would lean all towards how because in those days with old tougher, there was only 16 and they're more longevity there. Uh, that Bobbi or probably was more talented. I'll stick with Jim Dury myself. Have a good one. And back to you. Okay. We have two open lines in date, 751 WIOD. We have one in a braward. Like I said, these people would know Merritt the steerheim from Merritt Dokey. As in Pokey. It is astonishing to me. Maybe it's because of the fact that this area is so geographically isolated from, we were talking about that yesterday. While Phil was trying to convince me to go up in the northeastern, get just get out of here and go somewhere else and work. Uh, about the fact that when you live up north or in the Midwest or, uh, far west, I guess is the same thing to it to a to a lesser degree. Because you're geographically isolated. But the deep south and especially Florida, which on radio and, uh, you, you just, it's like a cacophony of four languages that you're mostly esponial on AM radio at night. And you just don't have any relationship to the other parts to what's going on. And so the things that people are interested in here. It's like when we got the hockey team and I started getting real enthused about it. And everybody was talking to me, oh, gee, thank you for introducing us to something we never heard of before. Like I was like I was talking a foreign language like they thought, oh, boy, this is really neat. We never knew such a thing existed. Which I find very difficult to comprehend. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. For now, no comment. Brilliant. Very good. Open line in date 751 Wiodd to unbrowered 5249463 and 2 on a green lines 1 800 944 Wiod. Here's a pop-ano. Hello. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Where is Diaz? One of Diaz first time corner. Good. Love your show. I mean, Julio and I still have my triple neck. Not trick on size. Oh. Aniel. One of those things you got to deal with, you know. Neil, in reference to your comment a couple of days ago about that we are the world millioners that they should have. Shella, millions instead of singing this stupid song. Same thing happened that after Andrew, when Diaz stepped on when an organized itself a concert. Right. And instead of showing out a couple of mediums, they went out and they were going to the salsa concert. Yeah. These performers are making hundreds of millions of dollars. They had a thing on the other day that is fat, Oprah Winfrey Bich. She made, I think, 117 million last year. Some obscene amount for what I have no idea. And, you know, they could, as a tax write off, each donate a million to a variety of different charities. Instead of like putting on this act, which they do for public relations to give the appearance that they're so concerned and they're such great activists and they're so right. Like Michael Jackson is so concerned about the children of the world, which he is if he can do them and he's attracted to them. But other than that, that's the extent of his interest. That's true. Actually, I was feeling in New York. You remember when Stefan had the accident to see her back? Yeah. Well, she was admitted to hospital in New York. She was admitted to hospital in New York. And, in New York City, most of the hospital has Philippine on earth. It's like 75% of the nurses are from the Philippines. And, this lady was so thankful for the nursing care that she received. Instead of even a check to the nurses, she went out and donate $10,000 to the government of the Philippines. What would the 50 million poor people with Philippine were going to do with the $10,000 Don't... I tell you, she could have bought a lot of pairs of shoes for those Filipino nurses with 10 grand. Actually, I just showed up your mouth with most of the Hispanic and his papers. And, ready to win out when crazy. I don't know. They just looked her from head to toe. Even when they killed that guy in the boat, you know, they just obsessed with her. She rips her sandwiches. She goes out and runs the guy over in his car. And right away, they're picking on poor ricks and shes because the guy died just in case you didn't know. But Gloria and her husband, they go out there and they kill some guy in a speed boat. And right away, she's a great activist. She's worried about voting safety. Oh, yeah. The boat of them are great people, etc. And so on. And it's like a same thing. She can do all wrong. Yeah. I think she's a well well overblown. I mean, she's not like Luis Miguel. He's talked to Hispanic. I don't know if he's overblown or not, but... No, but when they did that. He's been singing only Spanish songs. Yeah. I think with Spanish songs, they never went to the famous crossover where we're looking for No, but you're wrong about that. I mean, I'd be the first one to defend Luis, but the only reason that they have resisted that is because he can't speak English. I mean, he speaks very wet backing-lish. And you notice that one rendition of America, he sings a couple of choruses there in English. But that's about the extended. And it's really sad too because he grew up in an entertainment family as father with Luis Reyes. I'm sure you know. And you would have thought that since he was like a singer and movie guy from being an a kid, some of the things if they had a little bit of vision, they would have taught him English for money with a kid when it's much easier to learn another language. But it's unfortunately an impediment. Although he's no matter Italy, Spain, where we go all over the world, he's driving in the hallway. He's still making a few pay. Anyway, I love your show. And I hope you don't have a bunch of cool stuff from his funny colonized communities that go on, because we offended the difference. Too bad. Take care, and you'll have a good weekend. And back to you. Okay boy, it's really grim today, man. It is really grim. They must all either be at Rosa Lopez's house or run away to shoulder. And I want to be the other. It is very, very grim. And I don't understand. Please don't tell me that you don't have an opinion of all these different things that I've been asking about. It's not possible. It isn't possible. But they just, it's like the thing with Hank Goldberg. And now all of a sudden the thing with Phil Henry. All of a sudden, all these people who've been for the last two years resisting and fighting me every time I tell them that nobody in the world, that nobody in a right mind with a sense of humor and any taste whatsoever would be listening to the Humphor at the same time that Phil was on. And now yesterday they're coming on and while you know Rick, you suck and Neil, you're okay while we're doing the gardening, you know, you're like an old soft shoe. But Phil's the greatest thing in the history of the market. Why is it now that he's leaving? They finally are discovering this as opposed to why I was trying to sell it to him. That, oh, well, you know, the Hummer, the Hummer, the Hummer, the Hummer, the Hummer, what? The Hummer blows. 751 Wiod, 5249463 and Broward, two on the Green lines, 1-800-944 Wiod, and of course in Broward. Lorenzo's a tiny incentive on the corner of 163rd and Dixie Highway in North Miami Beach and Ben and Bob's in the Indian Trash Shopping Center in Weston have wore their great specials this week. At Lorenzo's save $2 a pound on fresh USDA Prime Teabones or Porterhouse Stakes, they're just $899 a pound. Formula Milk Feds, Schorter-Ville Cutlets are only $399 a pound and try the 98% fat free Bores had lower salt ham. Perfect for the Atkins died for just $599 a pound. Lorenzo also has an 8-ounce package of delicious, all-natural kosher to England, smoking, salmon, $499. And flown in from Italy, chocolate-covered cream-filled profiterols for only $1 each. What are those? It's candy. But what is it? Is it like truffles? Well, go and find out. Lorenzo also has micro-brouder beers on sale like rattlesnake for $899 a six-pack named after Rick Rally. Naked Aspenale, $699 a six-pack and $3 finger jack for $599 a six-pack for those of you who like doing the three finger jack. Over at Ben and Bob's pick up large, sweet, 40-49 cents a pound, sweet California not those three fingers yours. Well, Bob dol can do it. Sweet California plums only $69 a pound, rainbow trout and base scallops and trouser trout only $499 a pound and kingfish takes only $399 a pound. Remember kingfish on Amazon Addy? He'd be good. Lorenzo's in North Miami Beach, Ben and Bob's in Western where the good stuff is waiting on you right now. There's a new dolphins player coin available this week only at Miami Sars, electrical cogs and trading cards. To celebrate the history of the Miami dolphins now for Miami subs and news talking entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D