Now back to Rick Sads and Neil. Not a Jew install it. Just put it in there or did you configure it also? What what's all is that mean? I can figure it also. You have to configure it also. Did you configure it also? There's like a gateway number, a DNS number, a second. It's a pain of the butt. A secondary DNS number and you either gave you the instruction. I'll hold that for you. No, they know instructions. The numbers. I have all those numbers but I was at no point. Did it ever ask to put those in? I want you to put those in. I want you to put the world where you're going to stick it. You got to, um, oh brother. In the modem. Oh, it is. It's a pain of the butt. You got to go. What he did was get net's cap. I spent six and a half hour and I don't know why. I must have been a really extra boring day. But I spent six and a half hours. Because you get locked into the stuff. Getting in my way to work. And then I finally realized that on which one was it? It was on AOL. No, it was on computer. Yeah. Then instead of doing all that dilling around and downloading the way. Browser and then it doesn't. All you got to do is just go up there and stick your damn address in there on the thing. And I was on prodigy. That's what it was. Yeah. And that's it. In prodigy. Right. Yeah. prodigy is really easy access. The prodigy sucks. But it's easy to get in. And it's limited service. And it's real slow. Yeah. It is slow. So if you get if you invest 40 bucks in net's cap in the in the box. Right. It'll tell you exactly how to do it. Where to put this stuff in and once you're up and running, you won't have to touch it. You can just click on it and dine. What I'll just call this guy on Monday. He's a lucky number. The exact price was right. Exactly. Have them do it for you. But there's a lot of configuring that you have to do. And you got to set up D&R. And I don't even know what they all are. But if you have one thing out of place, it doesn't fly. Yeah. Yeah. It just says cannot to stay right. Right. You're out of here. So that's what happened. You got to find that. This was a snap. I mean, I did everything. You know, no problem. Yeah. It's a crap. Like it takes that thing and stick in the bottom of the pool. So you have lines open in the day, seven, five, four, and seriously. And then, then I was talking to somebody about me because I have a 486. Okay. Yeah. And I was thinking about maybe going out and getting a new one. Right. And then they said, well, you don't know because of course the new one. I'll have windows 95 and it's going to take you a while to get comfortable with that. And you got to get the new keyboard and you're going to be like, You don't have to get any new keyboard. It won't take you a while at all. It's much friendly. It's much better to use than windows. Everybody said, see, Adam, you haven't even tried it. I played around windows 95. You have it on your computer. Who's did you use? My mom has 95. Well, you don't just stop by. You get comfortable with it. It's a lot better than regular windows. Believe me. A lot respect. It's easier to use. It's more. It's a lot less like an apple. It's like new coke. It's just the same product. Repackage. Wrong. Wrong. Absolutely wrong. It's much more logical. It's easier to get around. It's easier to figure stuff out. And it's much better. What you ought to do is get a penny. I'm 166 with all that crap installed. Yeah. You would love it. It's much faster. It'll make it seem like you were just sitting there just waiting forever to do things that this thing just does instantly. There's nothing like downloading one of these web browsers and 30-6 minutes. And you go back in the other room and you watch TV and then you come back and you keep looking. At one point, it got interrupted. That was my favorite. Right. Oh, no. But at least I was able to get back in a file and just re-resuel him as a part of the game. And then you go back and you can finally get all done. And then you go to use it. And sorry, you have to have an integrated web browser to get into that. Right. And I just downloaded one. Well, too bad. But you have to have it to use it to set it up. Well, I can't set it up. That's right. Because you don't have it. Yeah. Right. But I just downloaded it from their free software. I just downloaded the mother scratch. You're okay. I just took 36 minutes of my life. I run in back and forth. And I look into, you know, like, I just took 36 minutes of my life. I run back and in and look into, make sure everything was, you know, right. And listen to all that, you know, for a half an hour. Right. And then, uh, oh, sorry. That's all. Life has computers. Last night, I went to know what I got in there on Pronegy. And I realized how easy it was to do whatever to how I wanted. But it's like miserable. It's limited. But at least, uh, you know, can't do whatever you want. You can't get to like the good stuff. You know, Pronegy. That's not true at all. No, they don't. That's what I hear. The sense of what I found in there. There was naked guys wrapped in a lip lock. Really. Yeah. A lip lock. I don't want to say what it was in their lip. Not then, that was an evil, I was looking for. Well, anyway, I went to Adam's. So I've been getting these free, net escape copies. I finally went out and bought one. Yeah. And things have been fine ever since then. No problems. I dial up and everything's fun. Does it all for you? And I figured sure they're going to make it when you pay for it. That everything kind of settles in other than that. And then you get free copies and somebody gives you disk. You got to go and I got to add some card in my damn computer too. And like you need to do that. No, remember I told you about that product. And some days it's fine. And then it within the same day, sometimes it works and some. And you know, what the hell is the computer without the audio? So that when you turn off, you don't hear. You know, I mean, that's no fun if you don't hear that. Right. In this, in this. Now, when you pay your checks, you go quiet and rip one off. And the check, too. Yeah. Mine does. No, it does not. No, it does. No, it does. It's quick and why the hell do I want to do that? Well, you want to sound card. You want audio. You don't write checks. No, when I pay him when you pay him electronically, you write a little check. I'm not going to pay him electronically. I don't want to do that. You already write checks, right? Yeah. Okay. I just asked you the question, does it go, huh? That's all. No. Okay. But I do have a laser printer and they just, uh, that's great. I finally got me a laser printer. Get easy. Is that like moving almost to the 18th century? Kind of. Yeah. Get a, uh, pedium. I have mine is a pedium. Yours is, if it's a 486. Right. Yes, it is. You're wrong. It can't be. Okay. Then it lies on a front of the edge. Oh, that's right. You have a 46 model. Right. It's not a 406 model. But it's a 486. Okay. Let me, let me lay this out to you. When they started, they made the 286. They made the 886 chip. Then they made the 286 chip. Then the 386 and the 486. Yeah. But they did not want to name it a 586. And wanted to do new marketing. So they called a 586 a pedium. Yeah. Now the new 686. This is what I'm telling. Trust me. They're going to question. Okay. Maybe the book that I got is for my first computer, which right. 486. Well, there you go. So in other words, I'm ahead of the game. So I want to know computer for you. You just got one. Apparently just now. Because you know you got a penny. I already told you I had a penny. I already told you that when I told you with the model number was 406, you freaked out. There's no such thing. No, I didn't. You just. Did he just tell me how to 486? Because I'm done. I tell him the model number was 406. He didn't know such thing. We've been there this three times already. You were right. I'm making it up. Like it's some kind of a communist plot. You were right. I was wrong. What I'm saying now is today. Today you said you had a 486. Well, I thought it was. Okay. And now you have a problem with this. I'm, you know, I have better things to do with six and a half hours. Didn't sit there and waste my life. Yeah. Was that a waste of time? Oh, if I can tell you the hours. That's great on a computer. First rating. It takes forever. And you've got to go to the exact little thing to make it what? It reminds me, what kind of modem do you have Neil? 35 minutes to download something. I'm just curious. Programs are like awfully big, even with a 288 modem. I run into 35, 40 minute download. 1440. Oh, really? Slow. Yeah. The new one would be 288. I know that. Now we're talking about 334. I'm not with compression. But see, your does make that sound. Now, now I'm hoping it does. What you need, what you need to do is instead of getting this new computer since now you already have one and you saved all that money get an ISDN modem. Right. For a 128K. That's six and a half hours set net up. I'll see you in another 500. We won't see you for weeks. 350 to 500. Yeah. Like I said, 500. With 128K per minute. That's pretty quick. Yeah. Oh, this thing is slow. So now let's get back to this guy in Parkland. Hello. Hey, right. Yes, sir. Yeah. I forgot to get a number off. Yeah. Is it still raining? Yeah. Okay. All right. We can't have a special number. Come on. I got one. In fact, since you live in Parkland, we're going to devide you your number to go along with your property place. Hey, I work in Parkland. Oh, okay. What do you do there? I'm a heavy criminal. Oh. No. No. No. Okay. Roger's been doing my lawn. Where is he lately? I don't plan because you're saying growth is a head and no one will. Well, exactly. He's afraid to come back because he's just want to see everything dead. That's it. Well, now it's live Roger. Come on home. Go ahead, sir. I want the number zero. To match. I understand that you are. Why I can't if you want to do you a go and there. Okay. I'm 50 A Roger. You're a little more to one. Match his penis size. That what he was Roger. What's your name? Yeah. Jeff. Oh, my god. I'm a bargo. No, it is then. Well, congratulations, Jeff. I appreciate it. All right. We'll see you later. Let's try mobile. Hello. Hey, Rick. Hello, sir. Hey, don't. Okay. I just want to say that I've lived in Neil's talk about a computer. If it is a 46 and it's not a penny. Oh, I think we sell it. It is a penny. So it's not a 46. So then I found a 46. Right. Okay. What you can do if you find out what it is. What kind of it? Pack your belt. Right. I guess you bought it out of a store. Retail it. Right. You must have time to say they make them somewhere you can't upgrade them. You have a problem. It's that I just operate in the chip for something that you have to upgrade a lot more than that. And when it comes out, you end up spending just as much money as buying a new computer. That's the bad thing about buying them for stores. All right. Well, he doesn't want to upgrade his. You said I'll get a new one anyway. I just want to take this one and smash it with a ball peen hammer. I get a new one. Now they have the penny and pro the 686 200 megahertz. It does stuff before you even think about it. What about that for grand? No, ah, three. Yeah. Yeah. What's wrong with that? Yeah. It's not too bad. I'll tell you what to let's. A lot of other Sony XBR for that. I've got about five in mind. A lot of a lot of new reports are saying that the 200 megahertz compared to like a 100. Yeah. It's a lot more expensive and they perform it through that much. That's what I said. That much good because the motherboard can't keep up. The motherboard has a 66 megahertz boss. But the thing to get is either 133 or 166. Right. That's the optimum value right now. I would go with the 1303 because we'll watch you for the 66. Yeah. You know what you do? If Neil, if you're going to buy a new one, if I were you, I would buy it from mail order. Gateway. Gateway is a good product. Don't say Dell. Well, no, I wouldn't say Dell. I don't know if you look at all the megahertz. Dell is right on top. I know, but I got there. They're one of their computers and one of the things I didn't want the CD Robbs. So they said, we'll send the whole computer back. And I said, man, these things are components. You sell send back a CD Robbs. You send me a CD Robbs. Oh, no, can't do it that way. That Gateway will swap out part for part. Well, you know what, um, what I heard about Dell is that they also, when they built their computers. Yeah. They, they were caught using used parts, putting it on new. It's always gateway, but they don't do that anymore. Okay. Now, I'll say what I was about. I just bought a new one. I was going to buy a gateway. And the last one I changed the money is a computer I called a micron. That's right. Micron's a great company. And I bought a micron. I really don't think about it. And it's an excellent value, too. And I bet you're really happy with it. I am happy with it. I don't really know that much about computers, but, you know, I just been learning lately. And I'll say what, to buy to the mail order is a lot better. You're actually, you're actually saying a lot of money. The warranties are just as good. And everything is totally upgradeable. Well, you got to look at it this way. Your help is going to be by phone anyway. So what does it matter if you're calling somebody, you know, 50 miles away or somebody 500 miles away. You're still on a phone getting held. The only thing different is that if you buy one from the store and you get some piece of crap. Then you get a moment. It's not working. And you can at least bring it back. Mail order if you get one like that. Which you don't want to make it. But wait a second. But wait a second. Mail order they'll do on site service for the first year. So that's going to write out to your house. So you don't need to worry about taking it back. They'll take it back for you if you need to. That's right. Mail order and micron is an excellent company. And I hear Dell is, even though I didn't like their red deal. And Gateway is those are three excellent computers. Unless I get Sony hits the market in about three months. Well, I'll tell you what, Neil. Yeah. I, my computer is a penny and 100. And now they don't even make it. They make 120. And I only bought it a month and a half ago. But the penny and 120. It's got all at 16 mega, 16 mega RAM. It's got AMP egg. And all kinds of crap that I never heard of stuff that you probably never used. You'll use it. Oh yeah. Well, I don't even know what it is yet. But I got a girl power up against a break. Well, we can finish the rest of the conversation before. What did you pay? It was going to, it was under two grand at my house. With monitor. With mock. There you go. 15 inch. 15. Yeah. Yeah. Right. See you later. What do you mean with monitor? What do I want another monitor for? I just want to know what that price was with monitor. So we're priced without monitors. About 300 bucks. About 700 or 800. No. Yeah. For a nice 17 inch monitor. Yeah. You have a 15 inch monitor. I had a 15 inch monitor. Two 17 inch monitors. Like a brand new world. Get that any sea multi sink. It's beautiful. So beautiful thing. Oh, you guys are so much. What? What do you have in your home now? You have a Sony X VR. Right. Obviously like quality. Well, that's what he just said. What do I need quality for the computer for? I'm not going to sit there looking naked. Pictures all day. I could let you see the event. What? What's wrong with looking at naked pictures? I was just checking to see if a thing would come true on it. That's all. And then once it came true, I thought, what? This is pretty interesting. And it came right through the screen. Yeah. Boy. Some of it's like you can reach out to 36 minutes. Right. No. I just wanted to see if they were taking pictures. I'm not going to reach out to him. I'm going to reach out to him. Yeah. Okay. I'm the last guy to be defensive about that. Mr. Hot Shot. No, I don't. No, what is that guy to do? I don't know. I know. Just mentioning that in advance. Okay. Since you're trying to get this icon. I'll give you a beeper for Jesus. Yeah. Okay. Dialometrist now is our out queue. Remember that. 1953. 7 in front of 10 o'clock at WIOD. Oh, that's our new format. Now, guess the out queue. Right. I'm not very good at it. We'll get it maybe like September. Well, November 1st. Four waterdale. Hi, guys. Five water. Check it in. Who? Five 90. Okay. I call the first time when you and Neil went round around about this 406 in the legend and how Packer bound numbers. You guys are so screwed up on computers. Some believe. Well, at least I admit it. I'm not a sound. I mean, what's the one thing? The machine that he has is got to be a penny in 60. If it's at all. So that's like slower than the last 40 is 14 for even. Right. Right. Right. And so now you're kind of penny him 60 is still faster than a 46. Just barely because you have 4666. Mm-hmm. So in that in the sound card, right? Well, wait a second. So what is a 466? Wait a second. Let's get back to the sound card. No, because this guy knows everything. No, let's get back to that. A second. A 4666 is almost as fast as a penny him 60. It had a 66-megast Like a clock. That has nothing to do with it. Still a penny. A penny. What do you mean? It has nothing to do with it. A penny him has 232 bit highways as opposed to a 46 that has one. It did. That 66 is only the clock speed. You think penny him's all run at 32 bits? You're wrong. Well, programs don't run at 32 bits. That's pretty clear. Right. But at 32 bit program does. You think, and then I have most of my programs are 32 bits. Well, the year run in Windows 95. Absolutely. It's a very good sound card. Maybe this guy can tell me something that's struck in all the show. And I'm so smart. You will crack up to go and know what the answer is. Well, what I'm saying is between the 30 you have an old slow computer. Right. It's taken you forever to download. Right. And it's got a copy. You got a crappy sound card. Yeah. What is the thing about Packard Bell? I happen to have one Packard Bell in two A-sures. Yeah. And I have nothing negative to report on either. My A-sures are 166. I just bought it. I've got a 288-16-meg which connects somehow to the project. It's 38-4. They must be using some heavy duty compression there. But you guys are also, and the 6-10-so trash can the Packard Bell. Watch this out. A-sures has a one-year in-home, three-year total warranty. You can pick them up at Best Buy for a song. I got mine for 28 and change. Right. And that's about what you get a gateway for. Yeah. But then I had a, I ordered a gateway. And like I had a problem like you had where I went back and forth with me about. Part that was wrong and ended up sending a Packard Bell. I didn't expect it. You know, you know, you get a bad experience. Sure. You're not going to stay with me. Especially if you're like me, or like other people, you don't want to be shipping ship up stuff back and forth. You want it to be able to go to the shipping shipping. You're shipping shipping, shipping, shipping, shipping, shipping. Yeah. You're shipping, shipping, shipping, shipping. Yeah. Well, you know, you come on here and you say you guys don't know nothing. You basically said all the information that we have said. Well, I'm trying to, I'm, I guess, let me guess it in the phrase. It's that way. Let me just make a suggestion. Trash the one that you've got now. Get yourself a warning. Take it out. Put it to pull through the ball. Peanuts hammer. Where do you want to go? Between the sound cards. Slow modem and the slow penny. Right. So you're in a park age? Yeah. Don't hate it for attacks right off it. It's fuel. What should I get it? I've been, I've been, I've been, what else? It's got like say, sir, I've heard good things about acer. I've heard of acer. I've heard of acer. I have been. Acer is an IBM. I have to live in a lot of the level 160. I have the brand new 166 at 288. I just got two, three weeks ago. I have one year in home, three year total warranty. And you guys are forgetting about cellular advertisers. Yeah. I connect and web 2000, both have that's case. So you don't have to worry about that integrated web browsers built in. Right. But what I was saying, I went out and bought it. See, I forget I have Windows 95 and these don't. So I bought the 32 bit net's case. All right, sir. Well, you know, your programs don't work with each other if they're not compatible. Well, someone, someone there's 3.1 or not real happy with 95. Right. That's not really good. They'll run them, but they don't really function well. Right. For, for, for, I connect and web 2000, the offer in 3.1 and 95. So you can set up your net's case. All right. When you get it, that's part of the package. They'll give you all the software, amity, instructions how to do it. I can fully relate to the else set in and waiting and ping and, and dropping and cutting out and waiting for your download for. And you don't have to. And then you do all that and then you need to integrate a process. So where's that lead it? Where at least you is, go out and just get one of the services and have net's case browser built in. And that'll boom, you're there. Oh, I know that. There were at least us. That's where that's where I started yesterday before clock was installing that. Oh, God. I believe me. I thought that's that's what I know when I got all through. It said, oh, sorry. I'm able to do a little protocol. Right. Well, that's what I know. What the hell I did unable to establish protocol. You lose man with soccer with schmop. I pee. You got to greet him. It was free, but forget it. You do pee pee. So get your throughout the best. I get yourself a nice 166. I can act or one or web 2000 or one of the people that'll fetch out with. Oh, come on. Great. And with such a put net's cape, and you'll never have to forget. Her messages about you'll be downloading. Uh, to your little heart. And every week. And we can't. Okay. Then 958 at WR. I said, I knew what he was talking about, at least. At long last. She was cool. And you're saying, I didn't. I said, I never said that. And you're getting, you're getting like, feel Henry now. You're getting defensive. Me? And he was only joking yesterday. That's what I heard. I didn't hear what it was on the air. But he hates us like poison. But that was he was just getting what he said that to. She's even giving him a number. Cox made him sign that statement that says that. Oh, everybody knows that he loved Bob Green. Look at donuts. Oh, oh, get the bucket. Yeah. I knew it. Everybody's the girl. This is of the name. Hi, I'm Bob Green. Yeah. Well, they can't see that. Shake my hand. Yeah. I'm sorry. Just fear, right? Everybody knows Duncan Donuts has 52 different kinds of donuts. I was on the Bob Dole. It shook you with your left hand. Hot, fresh, delicious. Everybody knows Duncan Donuts. Put it by the way. We, oh, geez. I just remember. We were supposed to deliver donuts this morning. J.C. got sick didn't show up till late. Then they finally got out and the armor cars stuck someplace without gas. No, but you got sick. Exactly. Cool and clean. Cool and clean. You bet that's what I was thinking. So anyway, we've got a scorched rectum. We'll get those donuts to you sometime. And to mean time, why don't you stop off because. I know a lot of people who like to be in the middle. Yeah. What do you know, I'll tell you what. Let's just remember the name, Duncan Donuts. Not really be little them and talk about them anymore. Maybe you'd like to try some of their nice fresh coffee. It's only 18 minutes old. That's all the older they'll ever let it get. There's over a hundred Duncan Donuts and Dave Rowerton Palm Beach. Most of them are open 24 hours a day for your convenience. Have a great weekend. It's Friday. You best dude. It's the concert event of this summer. The two of these said would never happen. Because Joey Garcia died and the surviving members of the grateful dead. So they were breaking up the band. And they did. Technically. Sure, they're on tour again this summer. But they're not the grateful dead. They're grateful. They're not dead. Because they realized hey, we were the highest grossing concert. They're not the world. The 4 Jerry Up and Dieder. Why should we have to give up all that money? Just because that fat loser did too many drugs. And they'd ice cream out of a trot. Yes, Jerry's dead. But the others are. And they've still got to make a living. But we make he hunt. And this will make our grateful they're not dead. But grateful they're not dead too. Because they're making just as much money. And there's one less person to share with you. Say what? What? What's going on here? What does that happen? I didn't do a thing. So another red Zat's over. Because I didn't hear it in the middle. It must have been pretty good. So was a year ago today the Jerry Garcia died. Yes, I saw what time we got into it and believed me. I'm very excited about it. I'm thrilled. In fact, if it would have been about 10 30, I'd be even more thrilled. So anyway, thanks for all the expertise on a computer. I really would like to take an axe to it. In fact, maybe OGL come over with a machete. And the two of us will just tear the stuff inside of that crap. Okay? Computers don't have to be so difficult. They really don't. And like I said before, I told Rick during the news. If I just want to stuck with my quicken and done my checking and my book, keep all that stuff on there, that's all I ever wanted it for. I'd end the thing in the beginning with a prodigy and the email. I'm going to tell you really seriously. And I mean this from the bottom of my heart. Those of you who are sitting there, did let around with the email on your computers. Desperately, you must get out of the house. You must go out there and even if you talk to a Robin Redbrest, if you talk to a bird, if you talk to an earthworm, if you sit down and have a chat with a bull photo and tell it to go back where it came from. Anything would be a great improvement over the quality of the crap that comes on all these services on the so-called email. The chat rooms. I mean, they should call them rubber rooms. The only thing it does do is give you a tremendous insight as to the desperation and the boredom of the American public. Then you understand why it's a easy to get them all to watch the Olympics. I mean, man, how can there be so many desperate, desperate people out there? I mean, there's only 250 million people in the whole country, which is a lot of people, but very seriously. I mean, it's just all this kaka on there. And most of it is on such a juvenile level. Like, remember the email we get on our webpage, we were all excited about we're going to get our webpage for Wild. And it only took like about a year and a half and we finally got it. And after we screamed and yelled and hollered about, like, where's all the email that we supposedly got? And finally, nickel one day, put a whole bunch of it in our box. And I looked at it and he just want to sit down and cry. Because it's all this stuff, but all you can just imagine like a thousand Gilbert's out there. And the guy with the eyes and the Italian ice man and Greg from Booten Beach. And they're all sitting around on their little computers, centered back and forth, juvenile messages as they sit with their shovel and a thing in a sandbox. I'm serious, they got their little pal, their little shovel, and they're dealing with it in their sandbox. So, what I thought our webpage was going to be great for was getting those numbers out there. And they're really promoting, you know, having the audio right on there. We'll have time audio and has that ever happened, of course not. That would have been tremendous benefit. Then it's even during this horrendous summer that we're trying to survive through. Then we might actually had some interesting people from all over the world saying, hey, this is pretty amazing. And guess what? And they might have something to say. That would have been really beneficial. And then every time I asked a Sarah about the call in numbers, oh, yeah, I think they are. Yeah, like if you have like a magnifying glass and you understand what they're all about. Have we ever had one call ever from anybody who discovered us on the webpage, the IOD? Never. Never. So that tells you, we've certainly done very effectively. And then, of course, those people that came in here that time, remember I had that meeting downstairs. And those people are really, really well, forget about that, because they want to do it right. But hey, that's okay. I'm glad you're all experts out there. I confess my, I know nothing about it. Well, I wouldn't say that. I mean, quite frankly, I get around on my computer, okay, until I start trying to do something new and different. Because when you start to want something new and different, it never, it never happens according to the way the instruction said, yeah, never, ever. Ever. I mean, when you're sitting there for 36 minutes downloading your integrated browsers, you can get into right into the worldwide web from the, uh, prodigy or a Mercon line or a computer for any of those services. And the 36 minutes go by and it's all right, great. And then you go ahead and you punch in your dam a dress and you go to, and I'll, sorry, if, in order to reach this address, you must have an integrated web browser. And we offer it for you free, a computer, a officer, a officer, a free, and you may download it from the information manager. But I just got through doing that. You jackass. I just said, in for 36 minutes, doing that. It's downloaded. There it is. Yeah, but don't tell us that. Tell somebody else. Oh my god. And just you want to take every kind of, like a big mallet. Like the one guy used to finish off that dolphin in the white squirt. You want to take a big mallet and just beat the crap out of that whole computer and just shop can it. Because it's not worth the effort. So like I said, just sit there with your little, you know, I got that nice laser printed now and the checks look really professional and really nice. And it's, you know, you write everything is where the pie charts and the graphs and the, this. That's it. Fine. But go on through all this other crap. I just don't get it. But anyway, happy Friday to it. It's 1013 to Wild. Do you wish you could manage your money better or advance your career faster or improve your relationship? John, I really get my panties and a wife. Okay, 1015 to Wild. This thing, George, was a tell me about the funny's end with his computer. They're really a pain in the ass. I mean, it's nice to have one because, I mean, how can you be an American without a computer? But Jesus. Too much grief, too much sorris. So anyway, what do you think about Jesus coming back on one of those rocks? Huh? Wouldn't that be something if they opened up one of those rocks? And there was like Moses was in there. Screaming in the island like let me out. Anyway, let's do Del Rey Beach on the purple line. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to talk to you. I'm driving to my car. I just stopped for some directions. I want to tell you about something really makes me mad. And what is that, sir? I wanted to just get a station stop trying to stop getting some directions. And no one even speaks English in its place in South Florida. You know, everyone here, I mean, the language is basically Spanish. Yeah. So we learn some Spanish. Take some lessons. Get out of here already. Go grow up. We have two open lines. You know what, you know what I figure this is? Because I've been through this for 20 years here. And yeah, I think everybody ought to be able to speak English. But I was thinking this the other day. I don't know what may be think about it. But the young Hispanics in this town are so far ahead of the game. And I'm not sure if you can speak English. I mean, the ones that really can speak Spanish fluently as opposed to some of the ones who are kind of like fading away. And they know like, you know, Madde Cohn. And that's about the extent of their vocabular. But, uh, or Potto. I guess they know that too. Potto, pecanio. But the other net, it's a pretty damn good thing. I wish, in fact, I'm going to go to night classes and start learning Italian. Because you know that CD rom thing. I got that Italian program. You're not going to learn. You can't learn to speak a language from a, I don't care how with the program. I don't care how much you pay for it. What it's cracked up to me. You're never going to learn to speak a language. You might be able to learn to read some of it and understand it a little bit better. But you're never going to be able to learn to speak a language from a computer. Because it's just, uh, you just can't do it. And then all they have, all these brillettes programs and cassettes. And I've been through all of that. You can't do it. You have to go take courses. And you have to speak it. And you have to like, do it. But I think it's a tremendous advantage. All these sticks down here. I'm talking about the, I'm not talking about the. I'm not talking about the old ones who refuse to learn English and are just adamant and hardheaded and a bunch of hard asses. Screw them. Here's Pomp and O Beach. Hello. You're sorry. Uh, yeah. I was calling about the guy to just make comments direction. First of all, he's an idiot. Yeah. Don't worry about him. I'm not worried about him. Okay. That's good. I'll sit in here. I do 15 minutes on my first race with my computer. And right off to bad typical software. We got to got bitch in somebody speaking Spanish. Too bad. Yeah, too bad. About the guy that would you spoke about with the computers? Yes. I got with Paco Bells and A.S. If you, if you bother reading any of the reports, because I'm a, I'm a technique to work on those computers. Okay. Paco Bells are good for door stops and he's. Okay. Okay. Okay. Paco Bells are good for door stops and A.S. are just the step he's thrown after that. Okay. Custom computers are the way to go. Custom computers. Right. You know, like for example, like game 15 grand would be good. Well, no, not really because he said that. The Asia was around what? 300. Yeah. For 1.66. Well, we can do way better. What do we? Well, our company. Oh. But even though not, it's just pretty much, we get better parts because we're local. And instead of sending it back to gateway in the middle of a potato land, wherever the hell the cows are. Yeah. It's best to do a local. Yeah. So I mean, like, well, if you're, you know, if you got the interest, say we can help you out. But other than that, the guy should do some read-up on his technology with Paco Bell and nature. Yeah. So, um, so in other words, the guy that called before that was talking about gateway, uh, the he knew his crap. He knew his stuff, right? But I mean, like, he was, he was missing you. I mean, some people are the thing is that, you know, with Paco Bells and A.S. People have different opinions. Some people have a hell of a time with Paco Bell. They say they love it. Some people say they really talk. I don't love it. I'll tell you that because it seems to it. And I, and I'm not that computer illiterate. I mean, I'm not a genius, but. I have a pretty good idea how to get around. But, uh, it's just everything seems to be such a hassle to do everything on it, you know? Yeah. And any S. Right. And he said that Windows 95 is good. I mean, it's good. But we run it here in our business and my God, you should say, we try and fact and go to a word process for a dancing just crashes. So, that, that would really be great for me. Right. That really sucks. Yeah. You know, you're trying to do, you're trying to be, uh, uh, most, you know, productive by doing multitasking. Right. There goes Windows. It's a little bit more than Windows. Nice. There's a great, you know, you're, you're practicing people. You're trying to say, okay, well, let me get ahead of my presentation. What have we got to do? And bam. Then we go back to end the beginning all over and start from scratch again. You legal function. Uh-huh. You know, it's a go figure. I mean, this guy, for a guy. I mean, he, he, you know, he knew what's talking about. He's right about the 14 for me kind of slow for them internet. But, you know, and, I know, of course, those people who spend all the lives on the internet by two losers. Oh, they should get out more often. Desperate. Desperate. You know, those people in all, you know, date matching on the internet. That's, you know, it's like geek around with air. Yeah. So they're going to have fun. All right. Well, yeah. Like guys that look like Gilbert. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. It's okay. There's a good guy trying to solve me something, but that's okay. I have no problem with that. Maybe we'll get a good deal. Maybe we'll get one for free. I doubt that. I sure doubt that. It's one thing to get a few cases of water for free. It's quite another thing yet. And of course, we couldn't do that. Anyway, could we? Of course not. Well, at this point. Anyway, it's 10, 21 at WOD. It's a lot of fun. I think that we should go to the next. Okay. Okay. We're going to the next one. So, here's the first one. Yeah. Let's go. There's a lot of water. There's so much water. There's a lot of water. I think it's okay. And we've got a lot of water on the river. Yeah. It's good. It's good. Now. You got one. But you chance I'll thank the Lord. Leave it to George. One day, he's got one. The next day, I'll go. I thought you were out of here already. come back and get us colon cleanser. Good, maybe it'll clean his brains out. So I was starting to say, there's nothing like a great cigar for Mike. So, okay, which we do get, yeah, several boxes of bouses and lasenciados and dandem in lights from Barazil and whatever way the casoscus are hell of a guy over there. He's the best. He's the best if you love cigars, they got the best. You don't have to go buy a bunch of illegal crap just because Fidel wants spit on it or whatever it he did or something like rhymes with spit. They got all the premium imported cigars that you could ever want and then some. Maybe even some you don't want. I know they got some in their little bit to exotic for me and some that are too big and too gut wrenching. I don't want to like start choking and gag and like stand major every day. Anyway, over a thousand different brands over 10 million cigars in stock at all time. It's the biggest, it's the best that's recognized round the world is one of the premier cigars and poury them anywhere. And if you want where they're brand new cigar catalogs right off the press for Mike's, just pick up the phone and they'll be more than happy to send you one free charge. And Dave call 866, 2277, 866, 2277. Outside a day called toll free, 1 800 9 6 2447. 1 800 9 6 2447. If you love the best round and firm and fully packed in your post, head to Mike cigars 10 30 can concourse in Beharber, open daily until six Monday and Thursday late till nine. News talk at entertainment radio, 16 W I O D. My God, is that thing real? Diarrative those feminine high jeans for days that smell like flowery cover ups, trying to effacity natural sense. They only feminine hygiene spray that leaves you smelling as natural as nature intended. There's nothing as romantic as a moon but welcome to be. It'd be perfect if it wasn't for that smell. It smells like dead fish or something. Oh, that's me. Excuse me. Remember how you said you didn't like those perfume me feminine hygiene sprays I was using? Yeah. Well, I switched to new FSD natural sense. Now I smell naturally fresh. But you don't smell fresh. I don't. You smell like something that just washed up on shore. I do. Yeah, like something that got beached. Beeped? Or walrus or something. Something that's, you know, rotting. Oh, that's FSD's natural sense. It is. You think this is bad? You should have known me before. Oh, new FSD natural sense. In original tuna and new cod carp and salmon. 1026 at W I O D. We have an open line of dates, 7519463. We have a bunch of CDs here too that I was thinking about giving away but nobody's going to want these. Okay. Like I said, we'll do it Monday. Oh, nobody's going to want these anyway. We'll get all panicky. Nobody's going to, there is nothing in here. Even though one of the Beastie boys, it's like, instrumental, instrumental music composed and performed by the Beastie boys. Well, who, you know, I am so curious. You put that in there. Who sent us this crab? Uh, what's his name? Mario Carlos. Oh, thanks Carlos. Mario, whatever it hell your name is. Our piezon. Whatever his name is, our good close friend. Here's a candle. Hello. Is this the Neil Geets computer show? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Neil. Longing two billion dollars. All right. The guy that got us talking about the custom computers. Yes. Sam, right. Sam, right. That's the way to go. I used to work from Neil Lord of Computer Company. Yeah. And with one. Patrick blows. Yeah. Ancer is just around the corner. Uh, probably the best thing you could get is a gateway to sound. I don't know. I don't know. That song, Ace Hole is just around the corner. He's just around the bend. Yeah. And the way to go is probably get accustomed. A job done or better yet. And I hate to say this for most people prefer Apple because it's much more expensive. That's what, what, such was sitting here, mumbling that over and over and over again about Apple. It's simple and it's easy and it's great and it's great quality and you want it and Rick was good. Oh, no. That's the worst in Apple. Excellent. An Apple for video for like people who like to do editing, graphics and so forth. The team of a video. Apple is the best. Really? It's easy to use. Extremely easy. You don't have to go to the configuration. But it's an apple. Now how much is Apple cost more or less? Apple is a tad more expensive. Right. That's what I thought. Right. Right. Like we're talking about a quadruple, apple quadruple or software format which is now now a little bit more obsolete but it's still good. Yeah. The only thing you have to do to grab a file is grab it, drag and drop it and you're in. It's just punching up. Oh, I can drag it and drop it. I prefer to hang on to it. I'm pretty sure you can't. Yeah. Listen to one last thing. Did you see Gris Bina the other day? You're interviewing. You're interviewing. What's this girlfriend? Me? Me? Me? Me? Oh, these are the footage. Yes. They're talking less than right about Luis McGill. I don't know if you saw it. No, I did not. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just filling the beans on him. Yeah. Yeah, but she was. Uh huh. Okay. That's probably all she ever spilled on him. Meal. One last thing. Is Neil Rogers? Yes. Is Neil Rogers God? Yes. Okay. Glad we answered that form. So anyway, so the Beastie boys, they're playing the... They're composed at their planet. You don't want to hear it. It's the in sound from way out. Instamental music composed it before by the Beastie boys. All right. Oh, God. You see what I mean? Nobody would take that. You'd have to be seriously. You'd have to be certifiable. It would be a good idea. You'd have to be... Seriously, you'd have to be certifiable. They would put you in Roger Thorpe's cell. And by the way, if you watch the guiding light, that was a nice likeness that Roger made that paper Mishay head that he put there into bed. That was... that's your what a fooled me. And don't worry about Vanessa. Okay. She's going to be even the show for you. And then she'll come out of her coma. They'll find some pure. So don't worry about poor Vanessa. She'll be okay. Do you see what I mean about this? You just get the feeling it's not going to be. Oh yeah. And you're right. It's going nowhere. I see a lot of it. I think it'll be like... ...aproids. Yeah. But it's not going nowhere. It's just... yeah. Over and over. Here we go. One more time for the West Coast. Come on. Here we go. Yeah. They're working. Okay. Start skiing, hi. Oh, Jesus. So that's to the Beastie Boys. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, you're away. When is this? Listen, I have an idea about your downloading problems. Yeah. Sometimes when you download a program, you still have to install it. When you download it, what the system does is... It saves it in a temporary file. So you have to go back to file manager, go to your web directory, whatever it is, and look for a temporary. Uh, directory, scroll temp, or temporary. And then you find the program, you download it, and you have to install it. You're like buying a program. You still have to install it. Oh, my god. What a pain in the ass. And that takes about two more hours. Because when I went back to try to load it again, it says this file already exists. Yeah, because the file exists, but the program is not installed. Oh, no. You're not trying to find a way to pay an ass. Well, you know, it's like buying a program. You still have to install it. You have to do this. But if you keep them in a store, you know, they want to tell you that. Well, it's to make it more fun, you know? Oh, to make it more frustrating. I think that people who invent, I think Bill Gates ought to be shot. I think that people with invented computers definitely ought to be shot because they're sadistic. All they did was just to make it as complicated as possible and give you as little information as possible to make it very, ten times as difficult to get anything done. Yeah, I agree. I mean, I can do that, but don't you think they ought to tell you when you're finished downloading, okay, you know, you know, you know, that way you don't have to stop while you're doing and go back to the farm in the L. Because there's absolutely once it's downloaded, there's nothing done. It finished. That's all. There's nothing in the kit that there's anything else you have to do to use it. Yeah, but you have to check that out. Not any program. You need to do that, but if you're having problems, you know, at least I still have all those files in there anyway. I've got about three three programs that are from about 30 minutes each that I downloaded yesterday. And the files are all still in there. They just need to get stuck in a right place. Yep, that's it. And about the computers. Yeah. The last one I bought was like four or five years ago. It's very old now. I'm ready to switch over to something newer. Okay. I got it. It goes to me like they said. Yeah. The best man. Never a problem. Really? Yep. And you ordered as you wanted. Okay, locally, you can see them. Put in it together. It's great. No complaints. Okay, thank you. Okay, it's computer talk here for all of us. Computer, illiterate folks and all I can tell you is that it's a real pain in the S and even the thing that makes me feel a little bit better is people like Rick who have been doing this stuff for a long time and really fancy themselves as being experts and probably are. But in spite of that, they just have all kinds of hellish problems. They just tear their hair out. They just have an risk breakdown. So I don't feel so inferior to everybody else just because I'm a novice. And because I don't spend all day every day sitting there wasting six and a half hours like I did yesterday, tearing my hair out and then going into project and prodigy and realizing I could have done them 30 seconds. That's just really frosted my fat pimple ass when I did that thought. Jesus, what is with this? Download this. You clowns. So what's not just saying the other day about how much I love prodigy? I wasn't. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Is it you're going into your prodigy? Yeah, I'm going into my prodigy. Yeah, I'm going into your prodigy. Yeah, I'm going to call you today because there was a news to weird story about a family of more resting Baptist priests. Really a family? A family. They keep it in the family. A little tool. Yeah. Let's. Ladies and folks, no family in May the Tennessee Supreme Court ordered a new trial for Hicks and Tennessee Baptist preacher Don McCary who have been sentenced to 72 years in prison for 13 sex expenses against 14 age boys. Nice. The twin brother Ron had been serving time with him at the Pixon prison in Picksville, Tennessee. The twin brother. The twin brother. Yeah. He gave six year old boy. Their older brother, Richard, a former pastor, is still blind by authorities. Their older brother, Dick. The rest are playing guilty to molesting four boys in the 80s. Oh. Wow. So there you go. The family that molested together. Yeah, something like that. Uh huh. Like I said, Tennessee. Well, I think I sent you a few. I'm sure you've been in the history of inbreeding. Trust me when I tell you. I had to meet crossed eyes. Uh huh. And Banger planned. I think you got it. You got it. I think that could happen to him in a race next to a large plague with a gigantic meteorite that's a magnet. I would destroy all the computers on your just so that people would actually have to do something. Yeah. Don't you think that I was doing the right thing when I just used it for my bookkeeping when a quick and thing and just ignored all the rest of the craft? Why did I not even really sure why I'm doing this stuff now? Just out of a novelty just to see if I know what I'm doing on there. And then once you get started, you're hooked like, uh, can you make this thing work? And the more you get frustrated, the more you sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and says, I'm not going to let this thing beat me. I'm going to get into this thing no matter what the hell it takes. Right. Well, you know what the one of the funny things that you're right about is it's definitely designed to ask planned obsolescence from the beginning because you can't on execute it without having some schmuck in your ear telling you what to do. Yeah. Now, there. Now, if you're going to call up any of those numbers, you're going to have to wait least two and a half hours. If you get to it, anybody because there's like 50 million people calling in there who haven't got to clue what they're doing. I can probably get through to get a green card faster than that thing. So yeah. But, uh, you know, there wasn't language called Java. There's language called Java where they actually do import the application, which is the program that runs what you're trying to download. Right. I saw I saw that. Right. But they see everyone's trying to stop that from happening because it cuts the middle gate from selling his wonderful products, etc. I'll screw him. Yeah. No doubt. Because just how I look at his him on a BDI bastard, he is anyway. No doubt. Don't get you definitely our King Deesh bag. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks a lot, pal. Open line of date 7519463. We got a little for the last thing. A station that delivers. He said, the live. A delivery in sweet kids. We can walk. You can qualify by winning video cassette. The movie delivery. This is your song. We require the two listen to the radio all weekend long. Same thing. This is the grand prize where we'll be blown to don't enjoy a job for a canoe trip or two down the call. Who don't watch the river? And the combination is in beautiful entry. It seems you know where. Now let's see this drop down thing. Let's do the round on. Let's find this. Look at the most stupid little thing crawler. Every time you hear net made, he's going to let the boat go. That's not the only way to get a boat. Almost decent men get to a ride. You 95. 37 at WIOD. It's not that often you got the chance to win a Cistery but this weekend. You have the chance to do that. A call to race course. Or at least a mic at a chance tomorrow. Saturday and Sunday. Catern bites into the ultimate racing weekend. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The first time you're going to be in the race course. The next time. The next time you're going to be in the race course. Amma, do you have your own strength? You got it. You got it. The first time. The second time. Soon we will have a winner. We will have a winner. You got it. One cm. The first time you're going to be in the race. The second time you're going to be in the race course. Tolera Losers. little elbow grease and it keeps your right hand in good shape if you're right hand. It look like what it would have done for Bob Dull. He, no seriously, he could have probably overcome that war injury with a little exercise. They're right out some checks Bob. He come on and they work on it. Work, I loosen those fingers up. But no, let's do that. Yeah, that's it. Let's get the quick and program and start doing everything. And then even better than that, forget about the checks. Let's just send all the things that electronically. Let's pay our bills electronically. No way. Thank you. No. I did. There's something I don't want to do that. I want to have a little more control. I want to send the check out what checks out when I feel like it. And I want to, you know what I'm saying? I want to cut my checks the way I like to do it. Here's a mobile info louder, Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm on the guy that called earlier on Rick show. Yeah. I kind of got cut off at the break there. My crown in the gateway. Yeah. Listen, let me finish this off and I can help you out a lot. You imagine how boring this is to all the people out there don't have computers. But anyway, go ahead. Yeah, let's screw them. Um, that's a very nice. The guys who are saying that build the computer on your own. That's good. But the only thing is that when something does go wrong, you got to go back to store and it's just in that whatever. If you buy mail order, they send somebody out for the first year on site in your house to fix it. Right. I think now I already heard that. Yeah. Right. But the one guy also about the Packer Bell in the Acer, he is full of stuff. They're junk. And one thing about the way that they make computers nowadays is everything's obsolete within a year. So if you buy one, 33, they're going to have something. They got 200, now they're going to have something a year from now that'll make these 200 obsolete. So what you got to do is buy something up-gradable. And the Acer's and the Packer Bells are not like that. Also what you have to look for when you buy a computer is the software packages. Because that's stuff comes with a lot of money if you want to go out and buy your own. So what I recommend for you to do is either A, like I said earlier, is buy mail order. But what you're going to have to do is you're going to have to go and look to some little research in these magazines. Because I'll tell you right there and plan English what to get and what not to get. These different companies, they don't use like gateway. They don't use their own products. They go out and put in like a Western digital hard drive and a Sony CD. Things like that. Yeah, they're on product. So whatever use of the best stuff and put them together is usually comes out to be the best computer. So that's the best way to go. You wait two weeks for a computer. You got the best warranties. And a year down in a road from now, if you buy a gateway, which is not a bad product, you buy a gateway and something in there, you know, you're one third. I'd say go with a one third tree because it's fairly inexpensive. It's probably about $24, $2500 for everything, you know, sent to you. You buy a gateway and a year down a road, everything that you have is obviously you can upgrade everything as little as possible. You don't have to redo the whole computer. So it'll cost you $4,500. And you got basically a computer that can teach it everything else up and you can keep doing that at time goes on. Yeah. So that's the best thing. If you go to a store and try to buy a new one, you're in the same boat as you're in now. You're going to have something that's good for now. But two years now, you're going to want to throw it in the pool again. So that's the whole thing that you got to consider. And also, like I said, the software packages that they sent that they give you with the computers. Okay. And that's low now. Thanks. Thank you. What do you say? Okay. We have two open lines in date, 7 519 4 6 3 7 5 1 Wiod. We have one on the blue line in Broward 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 5 2 4 Wiod. So what do you think, huh? What do you think? Do you think there's a little agreement on Mars or what? And by the way, guess what the topic is going to be on Susan Snook on CNN this afternoon, which they were promoting this morning. The only reason I watched CNN news in the morning is first of all because I hate CBS this morning, which they've destroyed. And number two, because I like seeing Bill what's his name, Gamal Gamal or whatever his name is. Oh, a hammer, hammer, Bill Hummer. That's what his name is. But anyway, they were promoting the Susan Snook show. They're going to be discussing is there are there religious implications with the discovery of possible life on Mars. So they must have got that from the show yesterday, huh? I mean, that's pretty profound. That's, you know what I'm saying? That's pretty profound. Are there religious, you better bait your sweet ass? You want to say it? As in, right? Here's Bonavent, you're hello. Yes, good morning. Yes, sir. How are you doing sir? I don't know. I'm more confused now than when I started. Yeah, me too. I've got some people tell me go buy an apple or the best and they're simple and the price is coming down. Then I got the one guy says you must buy a catalog. You have to get the gateway together. And then I got the other one. It says Packard Bell, thrown in the pool. And then I got the guy with the acer and everybody else says the acer is a docer and it's a piece of crap. And I don't know. You got me there. I'm not sure. Once you get into any of these things, you're dealing with, there are always people that have got an asked to grind. You know what I'm saying? We've got people who sell this one and they're going to tell you it's the best. And then you've got people who's brother and law sell something else. And then there's somebody else that's got a lot of gates stock. So who knows? Nature the beast. Right. Two quick questions, Neil. One is I'm sending you a facts on the relating to your topic on God. I think you'll very, I think it's very cute. OK. Also in relation to the other day, I was on the road, listening off and on on a radio to you and relation to the dishes satellites. There was a company, Alpha Star. Was that mentioned at all? Alpha Star? Yeah. It's a no one follow a tree foot dish and the people way out in the island, the style can get it the dish now. Well, let me ask you this. Why does anybody want a tree foot dish? I don't know. They said they wanted it because it is a better picture. They did it right. Wrong. Wrong. You couldn't have a better picture than the 18 inch dish. Unless you reached right in there and grabbed the people out of the screen. It's not possible. I'm going to tell you the same thing again. The picture on the RCA or the Sony the 18 inch dish. There is no discernible difference between that picture and the big ten foot dish. Correct. They're they're the same. Correct. We just wanted because you did. There's a little bit of difference because you're dealing with a digital picture as opposed to an analog picture. There's a little bit of difference in the resolution. In other words, the digital picture is smoother. It's almost like pastills. But it's a very almost indesurnable thing. This is supposed to be digital also on Neil and David. Well, why would you let me say it again? Why do you want a three foot when you can have a nice little 18 inch dish that you can hide on a balcony or on a side of the house? Nobody's even going to ever know what's there. Oh, down in the island, they have to give a dress here in Florida and they're getting away from that with the Alpha star. Yeah. So that's the reason why. Okay. The third thing is for tomorrow and a specific classic. Yeah. Give you a little tip. Okay. I'm a six dramatic gold and I continue. Upside time, huh? Don't forget I pulled you. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Okay. Pudge your brains out folks. There you go. It's no cigar tomorrow. We have an open line in date 75 one. We got one in Broward 524 Wild 1048 on a really confusing Friday. When the largest toy dealer on planet earths got to say a leg out of big one. Let me tell you that market Jacobson when he's got one, he's got a big one. I'm not so sure if he's got one. Now's your chance to say big during the first major close out of 1996 cars at Candle, Toyota and it's also the place where the best trade in D. Letty were in town. If you've got an old clunker, I'm talking about a real piece of Drecco. Okay. If you can drive it down there, they'll give you at least $3,000 for it to purchase of any more than 800 new toy it is in their vast inventory. They got one price selling, which means the lowest price in the world on your favorite Toyota is right there marked on a windshield and big big numbers even the I can read it. So as long as you can drive that trade in down there, you get yourself three grand for it and you get yourself the best price anywhere on the new Toyota of your dreams. Candle Toyota on US one, just out the day land. Call 1-800-Yes Toyota. They'll give you a quote right over the phone. 1-800-Yes Toyota. $3,000 a trade offer is on new 1996 Toyota's based on MSRP excluding two cells. This offer is not a conjecture with any other offer. One trade pretty on a pro credit includes all rebates and incentives got that all good. So let's go to Chicago and have a little chat with Brian. Game to dolphins and bears. coverage began Sunday morning at nine. On the home of the dolphins, news talking entertained the video. 610 WI OLD. It's Friday you best in this summer. This scummer white everyone loves Pinocchio. Wait a minute honey, that ain't a wooden chair. That's a wooden board. Quiet you bet, I'm in the middle of something here. Now Pinocchio tell me the truth. Did you do your homework? I'm sure, but my dog ate it. Oh yeah! Sure, he's just a puppet, but with a nose like that, who cares? Don't miss Pinocchio coming soon to a thinner near you. I don't know if he likes you George anyway it's the 1052 at WI and I was just saying fat rich is a computer guy. He'd probably come over and they get all that stuff straight in that. George says how come somebody don't want to come over to my house and straighten out my computer because it's all screwed up. He says his windows are so screwed up. He's ready to jump out one. I don't think I want that windows 95. Okay, I'm a little bit leary. I know that Rick is Mr. Hotchup, but everybody else is saying, I don't know you don't want that thing. You don't want that thing and then a guy that said before about how all this stuff crashed, you know, we've had enough crashes lately. You know for one week, for one month, for one year, enough of the crash and already. All these people keep calling up and saying that you should buy a Mac. Yeah, Apple Mac and the price is almost the same now. It's a little more expensive. Why not? I mean, money is not a money is no object. When you're loaded, when you got the big bucks, money is I'm not some kind of a schlepper here that's asking for like a bargain. I've already got a piece of crap. Why did I start with a piece of crap? That's the question because I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't have good advice. In addition to which I thought, well, all I'm ever going to do with this thing is do the quick and stuff to bookkeeping and write some checks and maybe diddle around a little on the email and then I got bored with that in about five minutes because it was Kakka. It was Kitty Crap. See, the problem with the internet with this whole thing with computers not Kitty porn. I said this yesterday and it's true. It's Kitty Crap. You got a bunch of overgrown children out there with no lives sitting around, but at least to keep some off the streets. Extanging information and bought, I built a pipe bomb. Good stuff like that. Oh, but you can get it any library. Yeah, but these people never leave the house. They're not going to the library. See, here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, no. Yes. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. I got a good thing for you doing that pack or bell. Yeah. Use it as a ding. Use it as an anchor for your ding. Uh-huh. It's there. Okay. I've got one. But yeah, you're right. Technology changes so quick. It's good for all that. And they don't tell you anything. They don't tell you anything. I mean, I don't get it. I know. A couple of things two nights ago on CBS. I didn't know if you watched it or saw that it was on Kathy Bay. Funny. Oh, but I've seen it eight million to misery. Yeah. It's great. But you got to come up with a car. You got to be quick at the E. Play that car every time. Every day for a year or but it's not in IDCS. And if you think I know where that car is now, you're dreaming. You know, I'm on my way to Disney world. Yeah. My wife is setting next to me. That's one of her favorite lines because of you. Yeah. You got to scratch it out. There isn't that I would listen. I know we're almost every car. At least the ones that are still here that haven't gotten ripped off for laws. Every cart in this place is in the chance of my finding that Kakaduti cart are like non-existent. I would have no clue. I have no idea where that went. I have the utmost confidence. You've got three four minutes to find it before the break. Yeah. Okay. Listen, enclosing. Yes. Richie D from the Roni likes a big fit. Okay. Okay. Now he can see if he can find it. I would that's gone. Is that it's not in here. Is it? It would be great if it was by some accident. Yeah. The closest we can come to Kakaduti Carries. Talk alone. That's as close as we can come. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was listening. Yes, to be sure there, but I couldn't call in. Yeah. And you guys are talking about in a life. Any other planning than all that crap? Yeah. You ever see that movie? It's being movie back in 60. Is somebody has a planet had all women on it? No. And a couple of guys, crashed a spaceship on it and the women took them hostage and then after a while the women said, well, you know, these guys here, you know, they started the planet got all screwed up because there was men on the planet. Have you seen that movie? No. Oh, both George. Have you seen it? Have you seen that movie George? What? What's it ever? I don't know the name is. Oh, keep being movie. There's what all planet with all women on their all as both. You haven't seen that movie. Is it a porn movie? No, no, it's a real movie. Oh, dammit. Is a sci-fi movie. Yeah. Never seen it. Planet of the grapes? No, I'm not playing the grapes. Well, that's an if it's a one other planet. But what's the point? What is the uh, what is that planet that's found? Then I'll be interested in life on another room. Oh, I see. Okay. All right. All right. And then what's the name on the moon? I think he's a woman on the Amazon woman on the moon. I could have been it. I don't know the name of it. I just remember you know, kind of a woman on it. Amazon woman on the moon starring a good guest with a cameo by Godzilla. I could have been it. Okay. All right. Say hi to Ferry. We have a Martha Ray. We have an open line on a green line. 1-800-944. Hey, listen after she did all those teats spots. That was it. That's when she checked out. She had enough of those uh, denture cream and pollen spots. Okay. I've done my thing for mankind. How's the ED Adams doing, by the way. She's still looking up and have a good time. Sometimes she still doing that. Now, you're not the guy. It was it was Phil and Phil was just putting a son again. We said he never heard of Ernie Covax. I do know that he must have been putting a son on praying that it was only a joke. Here's the Pappero Beach. Hello. Oh, yes, hi, New York. Yes, sir. Yeah, this Rick, I called you about a couple moments ago saying that Paco Bay was nothing good for you. You know, no way to minute. You were already on once. You had a hear Rick. No way. We have an open line of bruh. And now this is the see what this is going to turn into. Now I'm so sorry. I am so sorry. I apologize profusely. I'd rather talk about a little red ants on Uranus than talk about this. I mean, I mean, because now it's going to get into a pissing contest. We got the one guy, the year all experts and see this is the problem with experts is that you get 10 different experts and they're going to give you 10 different. It's like the stock market. It's the same thing. The bears, the bulls, the bulls, shot, the bear facts, the bear ass. Everybody's got a different story. And when you're you're sift away all the bull crap, you know, farther ahead of the game than when you started. It's seen because if they all knew the answers and the answer would be the same. It's like a question to which they're like, is today Friday? Yes. Okay. Is today in this town in this place is this Friday? Last time we checked. Virenase. Okay. That's it. Although I wish it was coivase because I like saying that. But they're all going to give you different answers. So yeah, that's why I'm becoming more confused by the second. But it is called some good time. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. Four-laterdale. All around hold. Well too bad. We don't have time to sit around, dittled with your crap. Okay. Here's poppin. Oh, hello. They knew. Yes, sir. Oh, that's that clown again. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Here's poppin. Hello. Lady in Hollywood. All lady in Hollywood on the purple line. Oh, yeah. See, you're me on how you're doing. Okay. Sorry. It's true to saying everyone's going to call you. You're going to get all kinds of different opinions on the computer things. Yeah. I've got a pack of belt and it works great for what I do for what you do. I mean because you're not using it for you know building space shelves or anything. Uh-huh. But anyhow, I'd like to suck around for that B.C. Boy CD. We have an open line in date 751 WI would day. We have one on a purple line, mobile one celly. You see what I mean? If I ever have ever ever ever have a woman called a show who ordinarily wouldn't call me if her life depended on if we had free breast enlargements or certificates three about. Uh, and then start sucking around for something for free. Don't I just don't do that. Okay. There's no lower thing that you can pause. You could go out and like put some little kid into pizza oven for 20 minutes and I would respect you more than doing something like that. Did you hear that? Shameless. And I was wrong, wasn't I? There's so desperate somebody would take that piece of crap. I guess I'd like this. 16 WI. Oh, D. My input order. I used to often entertain the radio. 16 WIOD. Well that because remember all those assholes that were lined up at midnight in Texas and all over America, but especially it was in Dallas or Houston somewhere. And they were lined up like thousands of them because the stores were like staying open and right at midnight on that night. They were going to like open and start selling windows 95. And I hope that a lot of those people are probably in a looming bin but right by now. When do you think? They're so well and deservedly so. Well, we're all of those people going to do with their windows 95. What was the multi task man? Yeah, multi this. Okay. All those techno nerds. That's what we got. It reminds me of the thing with the laser display and I know a studs takes great numbers with this but too bad. It's a piece of crap. And no matter how many times they keep trying to resurrect that, which is what about 100 times that RCA's try to because I guess they still got about 3 minutes of sitting in a horror warehouse somewhere. That was the biggest waste of time. The biggest piece of direct. The most skipping. And not all into the skip but you can't recall. Did they finally come out with the one you can record? No, they still haven't done that. And of course the promise was have no fear because very soon we're going to come out with one you can record on. And you buy those stupid this very, very overpriced. All but the quality is so much better than the video tape. No, it's not. No, it is not. Go on and get yourself a super VHS VCR. Although then you got an end start recording a bunch of movies. That's the answer. Because I was going to say you can't really buy too many super VHS tapes. And that's the sad thing too. But hey people want to read a movie for like a buck and a half or 99 sensor two bucks or whatever it is and they're cheap. Which is fine. You don't have to sit there and have like, but we got HDTV coming at a day anyway. And it's just got to get better and better and clearer and clearer. Which by the way, all you computer nerds are really curious. Since there's all this pornography on the internet. Okay. And you go in there and there's pictures of guys doing guys and girls doing girls and guys, everything that's ever been invented. What is the, what is the attraction with that? Do you know what I'm saying? What's the big deal? It's really not very simulating to watch you these and they're not okay. Even if you got the best, thank you so much. The best quality computer that might be the best monitor that might can buy. What is the point? Can't you go down to your neighborhood, the video store and buy every, uh, Debbie does Detroit and Debbie does their field and see actually like living it with with crit your crystal clear quality crystal queer. Or can't you go out there and get yourself a satellite dish like the 10 footer and turn on anic and they get like every, uh, x-rated channel. It's ever been invented. But no, they're watching like still picture because it's in their computer. It's such a kick to turn on your computer and see a picture of an ached person. Wow. Woohoo. I thought they look pretty good. Well, I'm not really sure. Here's a mobile and curl cable. Hello. Good morning Neil. I'm sure. I'm okay. I'm very confused and I'm very proud of it. Okay. That's good. Everybody's confused. Listen about a year ago. I took a basic computer programming class and I'm very fortunate to have a software design instructor teach the class. Okay. And I give you a synopsis real quick on the different computers. Okay. Please. Apple is a very user friendly computer. That's what I need. So that's user friendly. Well, what I recommend to you because it would took me a year to buy my own personal computer and I went with an Apple. Okay. Because I thought there was more comfortable to me than the IBM's or the IBM clone. But there's one drawback to going with the user friendly computer. You're locked it. They're own software. Meaning there's a lot of guys that boot like IBM's clone computers software. You can dial back and forth your copy back and forth. For the Apple, you have an Apple. You have to work with an Apple user and order to get copies of their software. Okay. So good. Let's see on your selection. I recommend you sit down and demo a few computers to see which ones more comfortable with you and which one you're happy with and not satisfied with. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Open line and date 751. Well, I was like, you know, he says maybe the Mac is the answer. Maybe not. But he's not selling anything. See, because when somebody's peddling something, of course, he's going to have like a little asked to grind. Open line and date 751. We got one in Broward 524. We got a pair on a green lines where they know no computer from their rectum at 1 800 944 9463. 1 800. You think all the Yahoo's have well, they must have if they were all lined up in Texas. Even the Yahoo's have computers. The nose pickers. In fact, those are probably the ones that are always chat rooms. They're chatting on it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. There's there are the ones that are changing the information about the bomb. Right. That good point. Listen, I'm God when it comes to computers now. I don't want to get into it. It's just the nature of the beast and your frustration is evident. But listen, I didn't know God had temples on his ass. Yeah. I sent you a fact concern computers. Maybe that's why he's always in such a bad mood. Yeah. As many places have arrived in into both public and private, installing computers and whatnot. The technology called a mum telling you, they make love to the computer. That's their only way to, that's very sad. Communite. It is. Magic. Carol. Magic. I know. And I can't believe now that God damn word has been said about the big ad in the Sun Sentinel concerning this BF is going on with the Panthers. They want it 10 years later? No, I don't want to talk about it. I'm so tired. Every time there's like another rock in the road that we have to hop over another road block. The newspaper and the TV, they build it all off into a big sun dance. It's already the ninth of August. Now, do you think since the season starts, I mean camp starts in September. I think the first exhibition game is like September 15 or something like that. Okay. So do you really, you really believe that there's any possibility A that the Panthers aren't going to play any arena this year and B that the arena deal and Broward's going to fall through. What it's already engraved in granite. I don't think that the Broward thing will fall through, but I never in my life heard of or felt that a small time politician like Corroyo needed to be assassinated as a credible. Well, what can I tell you? Just keep in mind, he's a Pemp. He's just Mickey Eurasian and the Miami-Herald's Pemp and he's just doing their bidding. That's all. It's in Korea. It's a Sickening. It's a Sickening as there's people in their godduring computers. I don't even know him when I build him all godduring day, but I don't know him when he does this a pain. Okay. It's good to talk about it. Have a godduring good day. You too. Okay. That's galldorn. Galldorn good day. Y'all come back now. You can't say galldorn anymore. Yes, I can. I can say galldam. I can say gold. I can say gold. I can say gold. I can say gold. I can say whatever that goddam stuff I want is it right now. We have an open line in a green line 1-800-944-494-636-1113 at W-I-O-D. Hi everybody. This is Phil Henry. I'm leaving town as you know at the end of the month. If you've never heard my show, I want you to know I am leaving town, but please do listen to me in the afternoon. But remember what Mac Davis said, baby, don't get hooked on me. I would want to see that happen to you. Phil Henry, 2-6-VM on news, talk and entertainment radio, 6-10-W-I-O-D. Shannon, I'd thought, nurse. We all know how Shannon vomters courageous three hour half a day has happened to enter the sedatelle ended at Halloween. It hurts to quit. Oh and I don't think I look good in the short scene. It's Shannon's story started two and a half years before Halloween. And now, ABC's presents, you can go to hell. I quit. The Shannon folks. Up and out of Shannon town to work out. Let's go. Everyone at the fall of Newcastle. New Shannon would have to be in tip top shape to complete the rigorous training at the sedatelle. Dad, I can't eat it. All the battery can death third, 12 or 20, without one time from now. Lee, much. Learning how for rigorous training. Shannon, we're going to have to break up. This is so no, things made you too much woman for me. Uh, if you ain't going to finish your prize, can I have? You can go to hell. I quit. The Shannon folks your story. It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life. You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks. Sunday night on ABC's. 11 17 at W-I-O-D. We have a couple. We got a pair in date 7519463751 W-I-O-D. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Great. I'm calling about your downloads. Yeah. Oh well, about what you downloaded. Yes, what they wanted. Uh-huh. Well, what it is is before you open those applications, it'd be a really good idea to run it through a virus check. Because I've done it before and actually had my computer system crash from downloading a virus and it's just not a lot of fun. Yeah. And I just thought you'd want to know that because if you just go home today and open those up, you can crash your whole system. Really? Really. Uh-huh. I'm the fact I have a friend who did it with downloading an anti-virus program and he opened it up and it ate his entire system. Great. Oh, great. Another reason just to throw the whole thing into pool. Right. Well, I would agree with you if it wasn't my job to sell them. I understand. So, you know, it's hard. But I think I was right. If I would adjust stuck with my quicken and stuck with my doing my checks in my bookkeeping and nothing else, I would there would be no problem. Neil, you wouldn't have a problem in the world if you would have just stuck with that. I think I'm going to stick with it. That's probably a good idea. I'm going to stick it. All right. You have good day Neil. Thanks a lot. Good bye. Okay. So, how do you like that? Then you got to worry about the anti-virus and the hint of virus and the hepa, whatever it is. I mean, enough already with this crap. Jesus, what, you know, no matter what they come up with, no matter what invention it is, there's always somebody there who can screw it up for you. There's always somebody waiting in the wings who can screw it up. And then we have to start worrying about how we defend against that. So, I think really, you know, there are choices you make in life. And I think the choice you're dealing with here is what's the trade-off? Is it worth? Is what you do with your computer? I mean, if you got a business, I can certainly understand that. But I'm talking about the average shmuck out there like me. Or the average shmuck out there like George. If you just are using it, you know, to dittle around with a little bit. Is it really worth the effort of going through all this crap and all this expenditure of cash and all the hardache, hardache, and hardbreak, and frustration? I think there ought to be a class action lawsuit myself. I mean, Bill Gates has got a lot of money. Let's get together and see what's bad as or skinny as. Because I think that they've done a lot of things just to frustrate and aggravate and palpitate and agitate. They're doing a good job of it. I'll give that and the what is going to let money. Here's for a lot of nail on the purple line. Hello. I don't forget pulsate. You're right. How are you doing Neil? Okay. Good. I would just call him to agree with you as far as your computer terminology goes there with the x-raded stuff. What's the point in sitting there and watching us, uh, x-raded stuff when you can go down to the local adult homo theater. Yeah, that's right. And stick it in your nose. Right. Or you can go down to your basement and stick it in your ear. Open line in date 7519463 one on a purple line pound IOD. Here's a mobile in a four-laternal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I don't profess to be an expert and I'm not looking for any free crap that I don't worry about that. Okay. How about that beasty boys? Yeah. Right. Basically, I have the same, uh, if you're looking for a computer, I've been a match user for about 15 years. I love it. But I don't think you can be around too much longer. If you're looking for just a great computer computer, you don't know what's going to be around. The match system is so good. You're around too much longer. Why not? There, there's that a lot of problems with the software problems and people had a situation where they were going to go on with joint venture with IBM and they space we threw it over. There's a big loss. There's a better while back. And software, I think, Mac is still superior. IBM had a lot of problems with the Windows 95 system and a lot of bugs and it's basically crap still. But if you wanted just a system for yourself, that's good reliable. You know, it's a thing that you want to use it for. You want it for a key and saying I'm game Mac has more fun stuff like the term to gain it's stuff like that. If you got to Windows 95 and four. Okay. Good new phone while you're at it. We have an open line in date, 7519, 463, 751. We got one in Broward, 524. I got to be honest with you. During this hour while I actually started about nine, 15 during these two hours, I've learned nothing. Because on the one hand, while it sounds like some people are informative and helpful and are what they're talking about, almost immediately, somebody else will call and give you the exact opposite. But hey, that's what it's all about. Right? You've learned something. What? Get a map. So, guys, this guy just got through saying that it's all going to be obsolete until years. Where'd you listen to this rocket science? We just had that applies to all of it. Everything. Yeah. So, so who needs it? Who needs it then? Have you got money to burn? Are you making that kind of big buffs that you got money to burn? Oh, there you go. That's why I'm Diddling with a used computer and I can't figure it out and it won't rain. Well, just keep Diddling my buffs. We're going out of that cinema with that guy and have a good time. And by the way, he's right. It is far preferable. So, 1122 at WIOD shop. Be interesting to watch. We have an open line in the, maybe you'll be able to download that. Open line on the green line, 1800 944 9463. Here's a mobile and four-larodale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, sir. First couple of our professors like all my things, and I have a certain amount of trust in you and respecting you. Having listened to you since I was nine years old like driving the school, my grandma's ball bow. Oh, what she wasn't too well for, but regardless. Yeah. I started up by saying that I'm a computer professional. I don't know business is the full underdale area. That's not really the issue of why I'm calling, but I do want to set some of these computer people straight in what they're trying to tell you. The basic reason why the pack of bell is the ageers to dial all the big company computers are basically craft compared to a custom built system. It's because they only come across building everything on a one component. So basically they're trying to put everything onto the motherboard and if you try to do that you're causing a problem and bandwidth and it's not a pretty thing. That's the big demand why. It's really a bandwidth issue. They're slower than your average customer machine in a real basic, in a real basic sense. Yeah. And the other thing is, if you use a computer for what you want to use it for, not for what other people tell you you want to use it for. If you want to buy a machine, you buy it for how you need it and you buy it to the spec you want it. Not what Bill Gates is telling you to do or what this guy from IBM is telling you to do or the guy is telling you to run this software quick and or quick for whatever. You just have to do it for you. If you don't do it for you, then you're not making a wise decision. Yeah. In any sense of the way. I mean, in all the time, I mean, I've had different aggravations with the computer because I've had two of them in last the three or four years, but in all the time that I've had one, I've never had so much aggravations six and a half hours yesterday and downloading a bunch of crap and trying to do a bunch of crap. And no matter what they all I did, it was just wasn't going to work. I think they built that pain in the ass. Dr. In there to keep people like me in business. Yeah. I really do. But, you know, what do you want out of life? You know, but good luck with your machine, hopefully your problem worked out and everything should be cup of static. Okay. Yeah. Great deal. And Danielle. Thanks. Open line in date. Some five one. We got one in Broward five two four one on a green line. One eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred nine four four four WIO day. I mean, it would be like you. Your television set. Okay. Your TV set. Every time you turn it on, in order to get to channel six or to channel four whatever channel you're watching, you would have to go through some kind of gyarrations and about an 80 step process to get it. And then even when you thought it was going to come in, all of a sudden, well, guess what? You still can't get it because, well, we're not going to tell you. You'll figure it out. I think there would be more people doing a Paul Harvey Jr on their TV screens than you can check your thing at. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. I do know. Okay. Listen, how long have you had your core vet for? How long? Yeah. How long enough? Well, how long have you been owned core vet? Uh, eight years. Okay. What did I drive before that? Before the core vet? Crapie cars. Okay. Well, you buy an computer. Take the thing about you doing the core vet. You want them by a great car. Go on by a core vet of computers. Then what is that? I don't know. You'll find out yourself. Yeah. Yeah. But see, there's a big difference. And that is that every day out of necessity coming to work, going home, I drive my car. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Computer, if a computer is that important, a part of your life, I guess I would agree with that. But I don't need to use the computer every day. Why is plastic in a outlet? Right. Just exactly. Very well put. Just potting around with it. Right. Okay. Well, that's like I know the calling. Okay. Have a great day. Two open line. No, I understand what he's saying. And I said that to Rick this morning. I guess if you're going to start out, you get the top of the line. You don't did it all around with a bunch of crap. But then you stop and you think I made it an investment of all of the difference really is not that much. Is it? You know, between 152400 to where? We're not talking that much of a difference between the bottom of the line. And what we could be considered the absolutely best that you might buy in your home. Right. Am I right? I'm talking myself into it. Here's a mobile of Hailea. Hello. Hello. Yes. Quick. Peter the part. Oh, well, you don't need it because you already stuck with the computer. If you feel that way. And anyone is trying to get a computer. What you want to do is bad phone. Bad phone. You're like gonna get a computer. Yeah. But you got all of your brick and a call me back. Okay. Can't give you a chance because it's like that. Okay. Can't give you a chance. Call me back. Call me back when you're thinking it's straight now when they put you in a good cell. 751 9463751 WI would do we have an open line in date. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Got the best of both words. Okay. All right. This is the one you want. You got a pack of bell now. Yeah. So you got a bunch of stuff we're on there that you don't want to get rid of. Right. You got quick in on there and open suppose. Right. All right. Get an apple that can do both. Windows, DAF, and also the Apple stuff. Yeah. And it's only $1,500. The same machine I got right now. No. Yes. And you get a monitor. Free monitor. You get a modem. Pretty good hard drive. Yeah. And you can go back and forth. It gives the Windows 3.1. Yeah. It gives you DAF 6.2 and the newest Max system. For 15.5. For 15.5. Red box. 1500 bucks. With a monitor? With a monitor. Again, you can even give you the name and the computer and you can call up the number. Okay. Is the performer 64 OCD DAF compatible? You can press the button. It goes back and forth. You can even Windows 1 second. Flip over and you can be in a Mac. So that means you can go into a computer. Say you can go down any aisle and purchase any type of software you want. Right. For 1500 bucks. 1500 bucks. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. You get a modem. You can add anything. You got a CD ramen it. Yeah. So I'm a and you can you know you can play CD. It doesn't matter if it sounds almost too good to be true. You know. You got one. Yeah. Perfect. And where did you get it? Through the it was through mail order through Mac Warehouse. Right. And I think they're you know they probably even have it on sale or now stuff like that. But I mean it's a good machine. Okay. I'll check it out. It doesn't need to be a workhorse. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. How do you like that? How do you like that? Like I said there is a big difference. But of course like the other guy said we know why spend 1500 Wagen's spent three or four grand. Here's a mobile and high lia. Hello. Here we go. Is that better? Yeah. That's better. Anyway. What I was saying is when you're looking to buy a computer especially the people get stuck as if people are nothing about computers. Well that's me. And well. And this is what's only good. This is unique. You need to find out what the applications you want to run. What are the requirements? The system requirements. And then when you find that out find out what that is that is the gradeable. Don't buy a system that's getting off the stock because it's older model and the new technology coming out is not compatible with it. And as long as you have something that's upgradable and you don't need to spend a lot of money. And you can start off slow and then it's a while I do need this much more you know megabytes of ram or things to that. And you start upgrading as long as it's upgradable you should be okay. So what about what this guy just got to tell him? It never hurt of that. I never hurt of that but then again I don't mind anything from mail. Or female. Okay. And then the last question is what does Packer Bell have to do with computers? Packer Bell. I'm like yeah. Yeah. Have an eighth there. Okay. Good point. What does Packer Bell have to do with computers when he come right down to it? We have an open line in date 75 long because I'm a series. I'm going to really I'm going to go home the first thing I'm going to do is just take that thing and smash it to smithereens. And I'm going to feel a lot better. What? Well can I have it? Oh. Oh. Can you have it? That's what George wants. He wants me to uh that's a good idea. You have it. If I can find out when he's talking about you can have that okay. So you better start working real fast and find in that other one right now. Okay. 1135 at WIOD. Call to race course home with a festival of the sun where there are always more ways to win. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Hey baby I'm going to use you as a sex toy. Jerry Garcia the leader of the grateful dad is not grateful but he is dad. His wife had his cremated ashes sprinkled in India and in California but I wanted some for my fish. Here we guys see it was so fat. We had to keep the cream at TORIUM cooking for three days. There's lots of Jerry for everyone. I want me some ash and producing Jerry's human flesh flashback fish flakes. Who all now my fish can get the same sensation I got a dead show. What a wasted man. It's like feeding your goldfish. We brownies. Only these are made of cherry skits. Hey I like them too man. Look for the tied eye chattel at most fish stores and head shops. 1140 at WIOD 20 till 12 we have an open line on the green line. 1-800-944. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hey. Yes sir. Yeah. I heard you talking yesterday about you signing up to AOL. Let me tell you they're eager to sign you up but when you go cancel because I was getting these 15 free hour crap on that's what I got. That's what I stuck in there. Yeah. Well I got news for you. You're going to get a bill from now on for $9 with the user not even though you don't even go pass those 10 free hours or 15 free hours they automatically sign you up and I was signing you up for what? For as a membership you're a member already. Those 10 those 15 free hours are up you don't use your PC anymore you don't use the American online anymore and you're going to get a bill for $10 a month. You mean afterward? Yeah. Yeah. You knew that? No I did not know that. Oh well I didn't know that either and then when I tried to cancel there's only one person of the entire industry that can do that they wouldn't cancel me. I had to go through hell to get to get canceled. Why is that? Me too. They wouldn't cancel you right on the phone. Why not? You have to. What do you do have to get our planning go to Washington or something? I can't help me on the phone but they gave me hell. You gave you hell about what? About uh, canceling. Why? They they just they the girl on the phone told me know you have to call this one 800 number to get canceled and I did and then she says no you have to call this other one 800 number to get canceled and they just get me the biggest run around to get canceled. Finally I was able to call this is an appointment. Yeah this is only a Mercon line. Yeah. Yeah. So good luck man. I'm glad they went down the other day. I hope they go down forever that would be good. Maybe that's just an omen. I'm calling you. Okay thanks. Thanks for the warning. How got news for when the comes time in fact I think I'm just going to say goodbye to them now. I'm going to write a cost to note and I'm going to mail them a letter and tell them if you don't get that crap out of my computer if you don't personally come and just to get that take those uh, discs and stick them more than one don't shine and search them deep into your rectum to get out of my life. Yeah they must uh it must be because they had a piece on this morning on CNN about the fact that they're signing people up like crazy and they're also losing people like crazy. So maybe they make it very very hard to cancel but they're evidently people are finding a way because the piece this morning said that they're uh it was on the uh financial news about how they're off to us because people are canceling like it's going out of style. You're exactly good. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You got your tape recorder ready? My tape recorder? Yep. Yeah I got it my web core. Okay we echoed all your, well yes we do. I think he really thinks he smells like poo and now that he got in we'll get screwed. Open line and proud 5249463524Wild. What are you uh what are you dealing with now? I'm talking to the Apple guy right now. And I just want to remind you that the sound card is screwed up on my piece of crap on my packer packer bill. That's all right I got a sound card. I'm just telling you it's I'm just born in your advance I don't want even though the course the price is right and I would give it to you for free. See the poor suds he just keeps losing that all over the place. First it was that laser disc player that I give away to somebody else for free and now it's this packer bill that if I buy another one I'll give it to George for free. I'm always giving it a bunch of crap away because hell it takes up a lot of room in a closet and in the garage and wherever else you're going to stick it. Or maybe just in the dumpster would be good. Here's Wes Kendall. Hello. Good morning Neil. What is it? Drizzley Friday morning. Is it doing again? It's doing it. But anyhow last night I was mining my own business on the way to the library out here in West Handel. Yeah and I stopped off at then wixie to get some bread and some soup and I'm standing in the express plane and there's this guy behind me looks sort of dumpy with a t-shirt on glasses early hair and I'm packing my stuff in the bag myself. Yeah and this guy starts talking to the cashier. It's Gilbert. Oh and so he follows me out of the store. Oh no and he starts yelling at me to tell you to change the programming on waxy and I said how the hell is he going to do that? First of all how did you know who you were? How do you know you were a listener? Well I said you're Gilbert. I mean you can't miss his voice. Bad move though. Bad move. Yes. Yeah that was my era. Bad mistake. He was saying you get...