I take you out here right now and kick your goddamn teeth in. I had a chicken in pain. One day she flew away. To Teo on a weather moon is blue. Double is blue. But with our right wing censorship, there are words that muslim slidder. You do it out you how I feel for him. I am fine. So... as you see K in Teo on a... I'll see you with Teo on a tune. Now as you see K tell her I'm a Surrey State. And the FCC won't let me sing this. So I'll never go to K now if you see K. Take her hand. Tell me, say that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old. We're just in K in Teo on a... Then I'll see you with Teo on a Goat on a Goat on a Teo on a tune. Oh my god. Unbelievable. You know, all I got to do is fart on the ear and right away everybody in town is going to diagnose the flavor of it. Here is a whole package I just found in my box if I can say that. And it says on the envelope. It's more it's stamped urgent about 600 times a big minilaw envelope. And it says on the envelope you're itching because of the water. Oh! And what are these people peddling? Here's another guy peddling something. Multi-pure drinking water system. See when I see system, I see gigantic dollar signs like a big big expenses so long that it danced. You know what I'm saying? And here's a letter. And I also got a long letter from Jackie Lee. Hey, listen, Jackie, out of my life. We'll get out of here. I heard your show today Thursday as always. And you mentioned the problem with your water filter system. You mentioned the water thing. Neil, I realize you probably will have a 1000 or so water. I'm a bummer. You're looking for a while. Yeah, bummer. Yeah, bummer. It goes on and on and on. I've tried to increase people's awareness of good water, making the right choice and glad to see the importance of diet. And maybe now even though you had a filter. And now it's the time to evolve. Here we go. Here comes the pitch. Now it's the time to evolve into a quality water filter system. This is different. I'm not rich. I don't mean fat rich, but I'm not rich. But I'll be more than glad to work for you to see that you get what you want. You're happy. Yeah. How's Jc doing? That's what I want. I'm interested that because you were somewhat inferring that you would not reject a freebie. Hey, I never reject a freebie. But more important, please, look at quality. It's said I went so on. He's been in his business for nine years. So everybody's pitching me. He's got all this literature in here. He's got his car. Thank you so much, Hal. You're a hell of a guy. I don't know. Now I have to think about it. I'm itching because of the water. How come I haven't been itching because of the water for last several weeks? Now let me ask you this question. The water that comes out of that tap has been going for the first four years. I lived in that house, too. That geolay thing, which I shouldn't have mentioned in the name on the ear, but I will anyway, which is now a Schlumberge or something like that. Where does that water go? Does that water also go out of that thing to the rest of the house like into my showers and into my everything? Huh? It depends on how they have it routed. It's in your kitchen, isn't it? It's under the sink. It's a big thing is going to your kitchen water. It just goes through the kitchen water and the refrigerator. And that's it. So why would it, what would it have to do with anybody itching or anything else? Itching or bitching? What would it have to do with anything? You don't bathe in your kitchen sink? Yeah, always sure. I put my dog on a right side and I get it on the left side. And my little dog underneath. Rub it up, rub it up, rub it up, right. And of course, you know, what would it be like water have to do with anything? Of course it is the water. My dogs are drinking. See now I just give them another thigh. See? Your water, your dog's drinking bad water now. That's all right. So I'll give them the sole. How's that? I'll start feeding my dog's bottled water just to show you off Mr. Haja. I'll start getting the most expensive bottled water I can in the store and feed my dog's bottled water. I'll be giving them avion. How do you like that? And mountain valley water for the dogs. Instead of that direct that's coming out of my tap in there. Oh, Jesus, you can just imagine what's in that. But the shower, the water in my shower ain't coming through that filter anyway. But hey, you're scratching because the water's bad. You're water's bad. Let me say you're one of these $5,000 filter systems. They're the best. Here's a colon sunrise. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. You want to buy something? I got a little petalier something here. Oh, no, no, no. The water filter saw we got some good, the Medicaid in Champou for you. I'll keep the edge. Okay. Hey, there's something. Now I don't even itch anymore. I'd buy it at dogs for like eight years of my mom's place in Waterhill. And we never had any problems with the, you know, the himmitch and himself. Does it a water? That's ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. But the dog never itched. Well, not, you know, not from the water. Well, how do you please stop? Oh, yeah, please. Oh, yeah, please. Yes. You know, because we have that, you know, he goes on the grass and you know, they just kind of, you know, because the people next door had these two big dogs and they never washed them. So, oh, so in other words, your neighbors next door is their dogs at fleas and they spread over to your lawn. Well, I got news for you. I got news for you. If my neighbors ever have fleas, we've got a solution for that problem. Oh, I was out there for many times trying to shoot them, but, you know, I can't shoot a dog. I'm not talking about the dog. I'm talking about the neighbors. Well, you know, then I'd go to jail because, you know, I'm just a decent working guy. Yeah, that's what I'm having. I could have been driving a public service medal for it. I think they should shoot that guy to cut the front of the bus yesterday. Yeah, that was nice. Oh, my God. Big yellow Cadillac. You see that? How do you like that? Oh, my God. What's the guy been in three fatal accidents for an Afetal accidents, but three it's fault accidents before and is lying? Well, that's not bad. That's parforic horse down here. Oh, man. What a place. Oh, man. If that doesn't want to, you know, make it. Well, they just had to make it a burp move. You know, he was busy scratching himself. Oh, I want to get over there. Oh, yeah. And then we're got to be worse intersection in the world, too. Right down there, 595 in university, that whole place when she got around in the house. He was only 77 years old this guy. I'm sure he had perfect vision. You're wrong. He was only 77. Excellent reflexes, you know. Right. Oh, my God. Oh, you ve. Hey, there's one boy. There's one thing we got to consider here a full buddy bud by the Panthers. Yeah. Maybe he'll get rid of the Panther Patrol. Yeah. You know, that's a wean thing. I know that. You know, because he's got to remember the marlins. What do they call that thing at the Marlins in the beginning? We're sure for gay. The bleach of her gay, but they had a thing. Oh, they did the hokey pokey at the end of the 50. Oh, oh. And that lasted about two games. And then all of us got on here and said, hey, quit the hokey pokey baby. That's the most embarrassing thing. I don't go. Only that kid Eddie from the U.M. swim team was on the hokey pokey group. But he can hokey pokey over here anytime he wants. Oh, okay. Where are you Eddie? I've seen it, but I don't want to go to that anymore. But I think he doesn't have something like that at the Dawson's too. He's got that juvenile crap everywhere you go. Oh, he's got the same bunch of, uh, Prepubescent mentality crap. That's his idea. It sucks. You know, yeah, he gets a $212 million arena and we get some free t-shirts. I love it. I love it. Hey, can I suck around for a pair? Anyway, let's see. It goes on about it. He had been cited for drinking, but was not said if he're Drunking Drive. Drunk and Drive. Reading about all the other episodes in 82, 83, 86 for the 77 year old guy. But what a little driving problem it seems that, uh, you know, I'd say it's a little bit more of a little drive. Yeah, just a little problem. Okay, where do you want to go and what you want to do it in that with who? I like it for the Ottawa Center. I love to see us win that one then. Okay, because I'm in town. Okay. Thanks, Rod Neil. Okay. On line four, we're just being agreeable. How many is that? Let me know when we're getting close any dewan. That's he wants the Ottawa game. He wants to go see the senators. He wants to see, uh, uh, uh, uh, lexie yuschin. He wants to see, uh, the great Damien Rhodes and the net's there. Poor Dusty Rhodes man. What the penguins did to him last night and the first few minutes. I mean, then they kinda coasted. Thank God. And left him alone for a while. But poor dusty roads, this kid's playing great deletion never let him go. Just remember I told you that they should have never let his ass go. It's 1214 at WIOD. It's true that the most toys wins. Then the game is over. Even J. Gray has lots of toys. For boys, Saturday mornings from 9AM to noon. On news, talking entertainment radio, 6th MWIOD. Don't you think that sounds really good, George? Because the day last Friday was my 20th anniversary in case anybody missed it. In case you forgot to send me something. But Wayne Arnold and Murray, who are still good buddies of ours, that come to find out. We can't get rid of them. But they brought in a whole bunch of stuff without the buns. And that's fine on the atkins. Like the White Hots and the Bacon and the Anile burgers with cheese, with a little bit of onion and with no abons. And boy, that would hit the spot today. It's kind of like the week after celebration. Like a whole bunch of that stuff would be really great. That would be dynamite. Personally, I think it's the pork and those White Hots that makes you scratch like crazy. I think it's trickin'osis. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Great. I think half of Miami's scratching it right now. I bet you they are. It's strictly power suggestion, you know what? And then you start scratching up around your chin, you know what? A little stubble of beer to start and a grow back. You know what I said? And you don't have no scratch at all. It's just all mental. I've been listening to you since 10 and I keep scratching around my eyes. My teeth. Oh, speaking it out, I listen to that show. Yeah. Did he really throw stuff out over to studio? Uh, evidently a little bit. A little bit of stuff. In other words, he must have gotten into it so heavily that he got carried away and actually started even some crap. I think he threw an empty soda can that still had some stuff and it's spread stole over a bunch of cards and all over the place. Well, you know, he just gets wound up in his work this guy. Listen, I want to get a new idea to you. I want to get a new idea. Can you see what drivers license plates to you? Yeah. You can see the guy. I was there yesterday and I seen some people walk in there that had to be older than Mercedes. Where birthday was yesterday? Yeah. And there were some people there, they couldn't even walk through the doorway. Right. That's how old they were and they grow out and get into a great way. Yeah, but he's one of my but didn't have more than four or five serious accidents and I'd probably caused a death of more than 20 or 30 people. So what's so bad about that? Usually when they run somebody over, they stand out and they want to know what they did wrong after they killed five people. Yeah. Right. How did that happen? Listen, I'm glad you like to recall I brought you. You know what this is? And I want them to get a pair of hockey tickets. I like to what? The recall of a cop dropped. Oh, yeah. Can I get a pair of tickets? Sure. No problem. I don't snow over there often. I'm going to tell you, let me warn people again. If you get those recall of sugar free, which I didn't get to last week when I had that took me my throat. When you get those and eat the whole bag and it doesn't have any silver towel right. You've listed on the ingredients and it has no sugar. I got news for you boy. You better plan on spending a lot of time close to the end of the day. Because man, oh man, oh man. And what I mean, wow. What did I tell you when I brought you to the regular one? That said I didn't want to take the chance with the ones with no sugar. Oh, I brought you to the regular one. I read the label so carefully and I wanted to make sure it didn't have anything a silver towel or a Zyletoll or an embeotoll or any towel at all. And it didn't. And it made no difference because all of that stuff that's got like artificial sweeteners man. I am telling you. Can you do the reaction? I was literally. I was with my pants today. We went out to eat dinner and we were talking about you. That's that incident. You had it. Denny's that one time. Yeah. We were talking about that. We were talking about that. We were talking about that. We were talking about that. That is one of the funniest stories. Scourge court. My dad was since the everyday high andy. How are you doing Andy? He works on. And what game are you going to? It doesn't matter. Okay. Hang on. Thank you. Okay. See what George work he wants to send you. There's Ricky Martin again. Looking pretty good. Let's see if you can't see this. That's why we don't hear from our good friend over there anymore. The one that was going to read up that Luis Miguel Taba never bothered. What does he need me for? Gabe Baptiste. And then of course I made a comment about his brother. And we'll never see him again. See all these sensitive young guys. You know they get really nervous and real itchy. I bet you Gabe Baptiste younger brother. I bet you he's itching and scratching right now. Just because I made those comments. So what if I did say he looks pretty good? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? At least J.C. You say hey here's a young guy that looks really great. He's like 10 times better in Brad Pitt. And he opens the door says hey, want some donuts. He's got a sense of humor to this kid. He's got a brain. And Rick Riley sends him out there to sell to smell feces. How do you like that? That's the Rick and Shudd. Shudd Show. Smell in feces. That a boy Rick. Talk 21 at WIOD enough. I know there's Sunday night. Another amateur. A trones in your career. You know the line. Keep your day job. But listen Sunday night's at 11. For me, you won't like it. And if you dare, a syndrome decision day depends. Have up to the microphone. Or just listen to the four times. Oh, no. That was a big causeway. My Emmy 33141. Meow won't like it. Sunday night's at 11. Our year's time for our main menu. System WIOD. Wanna Lapland. Little boy. Yeah. Wing it. Wing it. Don't. When the Nazis rain they rain. The four paths you can't. Oh. Now the KKK have good days because of you can't. Oh. If you are yellow or purple or God force it, Brown. You'll be like Mussolini hanging upside down. You can rock and roll your guns with half-in power. Put it to one to kill those lights. Step into the shower. And as you're freezing the gas in your right, So slip thing away. Are you glad that you voted for Matt today? Matt, you can't. You have a let me say something first. Let me say something. Proct 26 at WIOD happy Friday to a man with soft and hot lutzzy. We did the medical profession, the legal profession, the politicians, the economy, unemployment, crime, vinyrial disease, drugs. We solved those on Tuesday Wednesday and yesterday. Today we're solving skabies and other creepy crawly things. And itching and scratching. And given away a few hockey tickets. How do you like that for a combo, huh? So when's he going to get here about one o'clock? Thanks, Marie and Wayne. We love you guys and we appreciate that $100 bill too. Here's Danya. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. All right. Good. I don't want to take it. I don't want to talk about no skabies. I just got a quick fire report for you. Yeah. We're wondering about a week and a half ago or so. You wonder what happened to Barbara Eden. She's doing movies for TV on Lifetime Channel. She's doing movies for TV on Lifetime Channel. Those are old movies. Well, 91. Yeah. Anyway, she's still alive. Oh, I know. I love Barbara Eden. She's great. Oh, I know. She is really just a neat person. Yeah. Not as nice as Elizabeth Montgomery but close. Well, yeah. Anyhow, um, where was I? Oh, yeah. A quick request that day or out the other week. Yeah. Yeah. I guess toward put on a parody of Whitney Houston. All my songs sound the same. Right. That killed me. I was laughing might. You never heard that before? No. Go on. Wait to hear that President Garfield just got a bad headache. Man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, well, um, if you play for me, appreciate a lot. I'd be delighted to play it for because I have it a love it because I can't stand Whitney Houston. She makes me want a pub. She gives me hemorrhids and I started itching from head to toe. Yeah. I can't stay there. I still hardly scratch myself. Boy, they care Neil. Thank you. I haven't read today. See, there's a guy he didn't want. I think what he did want something. We didn't want nothing for free. What he did want something for free. You think they could make this book a little bit bigger, George? I didn't use the smaller book because it's more fun to use the bigger book. Then it falls on a flora and kills a lot of time. This four cut 38. I could have told you that. I could have told you that right off the top of my head not to not the cut number, but I could have told you what this was on. But hey, oh, gee, there goes on a four-year-old. See? We're going to see 10 seconds here. 20 seconds there. You got almost a minute. I'm taking notes. See, one thing I want to tell you. Okay. I may not know a lot, but one thing I know. I know how to do a talk show. Exactly. Four-laut or nail on a purple line. Hello. Good afternoon. When is Dia's come up with that? Come up with it. Happy anniversary. I can get a chance to call you a lot. Good luck, see. I just wanted to congratulate you. And it's 20 years in this business is a good time. 20 years in this business? Probably a bit. The radio business. About 35 years in this business. 20 years in this town. That was only my 20th anniversary in this town. But I've been doing this kind of crap and various other assorted crap for 35 years. Well, I started in small time in town and betaving you or cleaned up, cleaned up did everything. But anything. What? 20 years in this town is great. I know how to do a talk show. Yeah. The, the pants of fans here have to get with it and follow the team no matter what. Right. I'm not, you know, something. I don't even dignify these assholes. Oh, see? What's wrong with the Panthers? Now they're losing. Some games they're going through a slump. The Rangers are losing their ass every day. The Leafs have been in a slump for two and a half months, which I don't think will ever end. And every team in the league, even Detroit, which has got a hundred points already, started out the first 10 days of the season in the crap where they got their slump out of the way. Really, now they're great. But everybody goes through it. I grew up as a bro. How about the, how about the penguins? Those three weeks that they every game on a road. They scored like nothing or one and got their ass kicked every night. That's true. And no matter, most of these teams, especially the broins, I followed them growing. Oh, I mean, they have an terrible season. But every game is still sold out. Right. Right. It's just, it's, the fans up in the north, New York, Boston, Detroit. They follow their teams no matter how they do it. They are sold out at the Fleet Center. But love those are corporate and lot of March showing up. I'll tell you that. And last night they had 12, the game was sell out. And they had 12,000 sum of sure up with two feet of snow on the ground. So, you know, you're right. There was a very big game for them. And they did pull out a big win. And they had, they were commenting that it was a miracle. They had that many people's shrub because the weather was a nightmare. And they still had over 12,000 people in the snow and is sleeping the crab. The master question. Yeah. Lindsey, when he got injured, he did injured before they had this losing streak. Oh, yeah. Before really. Okay. Because I don't know. We miss Billy Lindsey, but I would hate to be so extravagant. It's suggested it's because he's out that we're, you know, losing all these games. We can't score any goals. Yeah. You know, we miss him. But I think we just go on through a natural appearance. That's a good end there. That's true. And they need to keep it's Patrick in the goal. Right. Been doing great. Amen. Amen. I mean, the bees are, you know, the bees are, it's nice to have them around there. But let's play the, uh, look warm hand anyway. Yeah. They need to get some scores, uh. Yep. Hey, you just get some tickets. Sure. No problem. How do I know you were getting to that? Hang on. Which game you want? I'll be islanders. Islanders are right. Hang on. Purple lines. Send them to that game with a nice Jewish boy. Number 72 met you Schneider that Canadian. He's a Jewish frog. Is that something a rouse or water? What is it? The. So let's see, a new waterfall to come in. I got my, uh, shampoo and I got my scratching dog. It's cetera. And I got my shower head. Remember when nobody you're my name. Yeah. I can't move me. I can't move me. Yeah. I can't move me. I can't move me. I can't move me. I can't move me. I can make our hands so good. I'll be in it. Taking no chances. All I do is scream like I need to say. Oh my god. Don't let the stones all sound the same. Yeah. I can't believe that he falls asleep. Oh. My agent told me not to change the coffee. So I guess I'll keep on a jelly. Yeah. Don't let the stones all sound the same. I can't move me. I can't move me. I can't breathe behind me. I can't move me. I can't move me. Yeah. I can't move me. Call 33 and WOD. The most anxious Whitney Houston. One of the most really irritating bulldogs I've ever come across. But hey, it's one of those things. Figuratively speaking. Here's Miramar. I'd like to thank you very much for the last 10 years as far as listening to you. You're welcome. Well, the first 10 were the good ones though. Too bad you missed those. They were great. Take it to Fence team. Yeah. Marvelous. Yes, they are. And I really appreciate it. And boy, I'm Tony. Let me thank Randy Multashan. My friends at ticket defense team again for a set of me a beautiful plant. Would like orchids on it and all man. Yeah. What a thing that is. You know, these plantation cops. You think you want to feel sorry for them. You know, after what happened. You know, and you guys sitting to push us just to pin you. Go for eight miles over speed. Incredible. What does that have to do with the other two guys? Are we like mixing apples with the. Tangereens now? Well, you know, with man to win oranges. You want to be there for support. Yeah. You want to be there for support. You know, when you stand behind the community and these guys. Well, let me say this to you. Okay, that's not the individual orifice or not that I'm everyone to stick up for porters, but I mean, they don't make those decisions. That's the people in charge who are really running a money. Money rack. They're not running a law enforcement thing. They're running a money. Well, I believe that's a very easy one, but I'm sure we can get a little more of a grab and a racket. And that's what a law enforcement is in the state of Florida from the F. H. P to a unit. Any individual police department. That's what they're doing is they're right into gets. And that's what they're told to do incredible exactly incredible. Kevin Wallace, not going dead. Yeah, unbelievable. And Bruce Ranger man. Bruce Ranger is God this week, baby. Not my favorite. But my favorite, either. But he's he's hotter in a pistol. I'm just telling you right now. Bruce, he's doing it. Neil, one last thing. Yes. I want you to say Bruce Ranger is God. Just say it. Bruce Ranger is God. Okay, you got it. Thank you. Okay, line one. I mean Bruce is kind of on the jackass in ways. He's okay, he's a good guy. He's just a little uptight, a little bit nervous. See Bruce, when I was doing that stuff, they're on a handy capping. It was supposed to be fun. They had me on here because I'm a wise guy and a character and just crack it on some of the drivers like I passed on, Gaston, stuff like that. You know, if I knew all that much about what was going on, I wouldn't be sitting here. I'd be caching big triples every night like Fat Rich. If I knew, well, you know, if I had the balls to make a bed up there once in a while, which I don't, I have no, I'm sorry. I got no confidence. I just, my, my own business, okay, give me 10 cents across the board. And now I'll watch you catch the big ticket. I just, you know, my money's too hard to come by, okay? I work like a dog for hours a day over a guy, damn hot microphone, talking to assholes every day. I'll be damned if I'm going to throw it away. When you're making the big bucks like Rich, then that's another story. Then you can go up through your betting five, six, ten thousand dollars a race. Then that's no problem at all. 1236 at WIOD. Use talk at entertainment radio, sixteen WIOD. Longest $50. Okay, we played the other one, might as well play this too. I got the discount. You know what I'm saying? It's not even worth pulling it out, unless you can do that. Do this. Do that. My name is Barry. Sing like a Barry. Yeah. I write that songs about romance. While I'm wearing Spanxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx oppressed I've got a hugger, the size of the yunkers. When I get a thumbs up nose, I need to rest in your host, but now I'm on the cake. My life is back in place, and so I'm seeing again and sticking. I'm just not seeing your face, got a nose shape. Like a banana. My true fans both live in my tan, I've got a nose shape. Like a banana. Of my nose you couldn't have for the city of Atlanta. Okay. I write this song. The reason you're laying that tour of the entertainment industry, he's got a host for news. 1242, a WIO day, the young and a hoardie is pretty intense today. I just thought I would mention that. And passing and hope got remarried and Nikki don't know it. And it looks like Nikki is doing what's her name from behind there, right in the living room. I'm just going to get a real upset nervous about that. And she's got a big smile on her. Here's Tamara. Hello. I don't want to say post. Hello. Well, there's that line. She lined five in screwed up. When you make a note of that, there's something wrong with line five. Sometimes it works, but more often than it don't. And you know, it's not the people on the other end. They're the ones getting screwed up. We apologize profusely to whoever winds up on that line five because you want to get in the shaft. Even Isaac Hays is embarrassed for you. Okay, baby. Isaac Hays be embarrassed. You don't be going around seeing be this and be that. Okay, I'd be good. Don't be doing that. Okay, because that'd be a little bit. And that's bad. And then you want to plop and hamburger that make Donald and you be pissed off and you be broke. Here's my, me. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil? Great. I was just second. Have you thought about the edge maybe being possibly from them switching a starter detergent that you're dry cleaners. And my dry cleaners? Or whoever does that? And my dry. I take my stuff to be dry clean. Oh, only thing I'm I try and take to be dry cleaners like a jacket or a sports jacket. You think I take my clothes to the dry cleaners like my shirts and my my clown pants. You think I take them to the dry cleaners? No, no, no, no. I got a washer and a dryer. I got my tie. I got my whisk. Okay. Well, you haven't. Only all of my mother was babysitting my dog for a few days. God only knows what kind of stuff she was using and what because he's he's obsessed with bed stuff with linens and sheets and blankets. I wouldn't be surprised if it's my mother's fault. And I know she's listening right now. Quit paxking around with my bedding, my you're killing me in the dogs. Yeah. I think you got to think you were hit on it. Well, thank you very much. Have any more tickets left? Hey, how can I turn you down after coming up with a solution like that? That's what I said to J.C. this morning. Okay, what's game you want to go to? I'll enter please. I'll enter this game. Here's what I got. I want to go see those pending-ass islanders with Wendell Clark. Maybe if he's still around. I hope not. Hang on. Thank you. Hope he's wearing that number 17 on the maple leaves by that time. Line three, take care of that guy. Once there are a couple of free tickets to go see a guy named hockey game. There's a guy with some good taste with some taste. Not another one of these pudwackers. They want to talk about football in the middle of this March. And Barry Jackson writes in that in Cipin column this morning in a Harold. Oh, yeah. All the talk stations are sports stations around the country. They're still talking about football. Well, guess what, Barry, they're not because I've heard them and they're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. And he uses Atlanta as an example. Last time I checked Barry and Lance got like a minor league hockey team. They used to have the flames 500 years ago when Jigs McDonald was a baby. Okay, but you wouldn't know nothing about that. Because you're just a big fat couch potato this year on Mommy's sofa all day. Call an up Jeff Rimmer at home. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, you hear on the other station 560 that guy's stealing your thunder. Which, which asshole is that? He's rocker, the little kid. The little twerp that Pimple face the Preview button that's open buffalo. Doesn't know anything about that. He steal a lot material. He's that's his maple. He's now. Oh, yeah. My maple. He was in it last night. Well, I'm glad somebody wants to take credit for him. And he was stealing a filter. And here, you know, Phil goes for our cast. Don't you understand it's like a, it's a little child radio station. Don't you understand that? It's a baby station. Yeah. Well, he was saying something about the dolphins like they were going to be terrible. Then he recann it like two days ago and said they're going to be awesome. Because they gave away a fit round tech. You know, he was just being sarcastic. He was stealing Phil. Why are you listening? Why are you listening? I don't know. And get a life. Find something to do. Okay. Get yourself a pocket rocket. Turn on the sport to the sex bitch and do something useful during that time. Hey, I'm always trying to do it. You know that there's a sort of sports. I'm the, short sports in Atlantic Boulevard. The dude's an asshole. I just to call you up to Pittsburgh game. You signed my hat. Yeah. And yeah, I said thanks a lot. So I've been wearing all over the place. I went there. I went there to get a couple hats pants or hats. Yeah. And the guy saw a signature. He's like, oh, who'd you get to find that? I was like, he's like, what, what players that? It's like no players. He's like this Neil man. He's like Neil Rogers. I was like, yeah. He's like, get out. I was like, what the hell you thought? Get out. Get out. I was like, yeah, I was like, yeah. You got to report on there once before. What's the name of the place? Sortsports. Sortsports. Some bald headed ass. Sortsports. Yeah, I'm Atlantic Boulevard. Do not go there. What a jackass. Dude, I was like, what is his problem? I don't know. I'm not going to get into it. I was like, take your hat. And I was like, take your hat. And I was like, yeah, I was like, take your hat. And I was like, yeah. Hey, I'm, I'm Wendell Park. Yeah. Wends the trade and dead by the 20. The 20. 12 days. Now it's Chicago. To twice after. Chicago's after me, Troy and the Leafs need him back desperately. And of course, the rumor is because the Leafs have this. They have an acupuncturist that used to work on Wendell's back. And they know how to keep him healthy better than anybody else. So the rumor is they got the inside track there. But every day you hear different stories. Yeah, when the Leafs need him badly, they need him desperately. We want Wendell back. Yeah. Yeah, Felix get lonely. That's right. Felix is getting like going in his shock now. Um, anyone? I can check around for some take. What's game you want to see, pal? I want islanders. Okay. Okay. Real girl steam. Okay. Hang on. All right. Me up there. Okay. Hang on. Line 7. Take care of that guy. Let's find out about that sort sports guy. Get out of here. What does that mean? Has my autograph on a cap? No. I don't want your business because you listen to that fact. Well, that's too damn bad. Okay. This is the hockey station. I hate to bring the news to you. Okay. That five, 60. They wouldn't know a hockey puck if you jammed 85 of them up their ass. And Jim McKenney and Jim Dory and Darrell Sittler and Adolf Hitler. Prop 48 of WIOD. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. I hope. Oh, sorry. Prop 52. WIOD where we move into next. So let's do a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. I don't know anything about dogs. But I had skabies several years ago. You had skabies? Yeah. And you know, I got into a boyfriend who was a carrier and didn't have the symptoms. Yeah. And I don't think there are people who are carriers of skabies. They don't have the symptoms. That's what the doctor said. And I told him and he didn't want to do anything about it. So obviously, that was the last time I rolled with him. Yeah. But did anyone tell you how the doctor's diagnosed that? No. They take a little skin scraping. And they look at it under the microscope. Yeah. And you see, you know, the doctor's diagnosed that. And you see, the microscopic bug, which has like a little round body. And it's totally surrounded with little legs. Huh. It's like a crab. Yeah. It's like a skin crab. Now, let me ask you, was in my experience. I didn't have any well. I didn't have any signs on top of my skin. But at night, the itch team was much more severe than that. I definitely don't have that. Now, this is just an isolated thing. You know what I'm saying? I'm beginning to think it's mental now. Because just since you started talking about it again, like my arm is it? You know, this is definitely mental. But I just want to let you know how they die. So what did you do to get rid of it? They gave me that that cream, which I don't remember being off sticky and gooey like that. Mail nurse said. Yeah. He was probably thinking about something. You know those mail nurses. But yeah, you put the cream. You have to cover every inch of skin on your body. And even your rectum. Wow. Yeah, you got it. And everything but your scalp and let it. I thought it was like 24 hours. I know I had to miss a shower. Yeah. You had to miss a shower? Yeah. Oh, yeah. That was great. Well, I took off work. But then they said that the itch team would stop in like two weeks, but it stopped immediately. Yeah. But. You know what I think it is? I think I'm allergic to some of the chemicals in those Danham and light cigars. That's a big heart. I'm just, you're just smiling. But I'm not saying that facetiously, I believe that. There are definitely, and I've had this happen before. There are different kinds of cigars that have chemicals in them. In fact, on the label on those particular cigars, it says it has like, uh, crap in it. You know, it's not made from all natural leaf, whatever. Well, that is from the. I'm the. I'm the. The tobacco field. Huh? Is that from the brain that tobacco field? No, that's like added in when a when a manufacturer. I want to make sure if the tobacco doesn't give you cancer that the chemicals do. Of course. I used to smoke cigars. Did you? Yeah, I love some Dominican cigars. Oh, Dominican. I started out as a joke. So I gave me a cigar and I liked it. So they used to bring them to me. I mean, most of the cigars people give me out. He's real big, gigantic. They look like something you would stick in an elephant's spectrum. You know what I'm saying? Like, supposedly, is it just too big? Well, I don't know. Anybody can do a number like that. Well, these were big and I enjoyed it. Orcego. Well, listen, have a great day. And I'm glad you got ready your creepy crawlies. Well, I'll get one more thing. I really appreciate some hockey tickets. Oh, I'd be. Well, I'm due to turn on to hockey. I never knew anything about the game. And I still don't know very much. But I'd be like, well, we fit right in there. Then you fit in perfect at the arena. And we've got a beautiful crowd there. But they don't know nothing. That's all right. Yeah. Well, I wanted to ask. Okay. Which game you want to go to? The Ottawa Senators? Or you want to see the New York Islanders? Well, everyone's asking for the islanders. So you want to go see the Ottawa Senators, which is almost a guaranteed win for us. So hang on. Okay. Thank you, Nick. Line 3. Sure she don't have skabies before we give her the tickets or letter inside the arena. Wouldn't that be something? 14,703 people here tonight. They all go home and scratch an NHM. We got skabies. Now she's all right. She isn't. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. How are you, Neil? Okay. I haven't been able to listen to you. You got them busy. But I did catch a little bit of that show last Friday. Yeah. I've been meeting the call. You'd ask you what it was like to be reunited with the bird brain. It was an experience. Yeah. I mean. Okay. I could handle it for four hours. There were a lot of other diversions and stuff going on. It was okay. Not something you'd want to do on a regular basis. I'm going to say no future plans for a ring. No. No sir. Trust me. Um. Um. Any chance to get some tickets? In other words, you forgot your. You forgot the bogus material you were going to fill in between with that comment. And we're asking for the tickets, right? First of all. The answer to my other crap made up, protecting you really wanted to talk to me. But that's okay. I understand. I do a better job normally talking to you. But I am a little. A little tongue-tie, but nevertheless, okay. You want to see the islanders? I take it. That'd be great, Neil. Or the senators. I doesn't matter to me. I ought to wash them senators. Okay. Hang on. You decide with George. Okay. Line seven. Tell them whatever you want to tell them. Keep me posted. I want to be gotten there because I don't want to be given away stuff. We don't have to give away because then we get the list is really pissed off. And then they start calling Sarah and getting all Ben out of shape with the people they're in promotions and all that stuff. And we sure as hell wouldn't want that to happen. By the way, don't forget this very, very important. On Fridays during the month of March, let me get this thing off here. I'll put it back. Okay. I won't put it back. Well, I'll try. On Fridays during the month of March, we're going to be stopping by offices, worksites, etc. And delivering free Dunkin Donuts here from WOD and an armored car. And I'm going to tell you the best part of this is that J.C. Our fine young intern here who's in turning and being picked on, I guess. He's going to be the one bringing to the donuts. So that alone is worth trust me. Now let's see. We already did that one today. So what am I supposed to say here? What am I supposed to tell you? On Wednesdays in March, the armored truck will be doing stops at busy intersections. We'll be distributing a free Dunkin Donuts to people stopping to buy newspapers. This coming Wednesday the 13th, the armored truck will be at the following intersection from 7 to 9 in the morning. 17th Street and Federal Highway that's useless one in Fort Lauderdale. 17th and Federal, US-1 in Fort Lauderdale between 7 to 9 on Wednesday morning. Look for J.C. and treat a nice little little little little donut in your post while you're buying your morning newspaper. So did you hang up on that guy or what? On what guy? No. What line was he on? 7. And I remember when it was ringing somebody else was already calling. Hey, listen, I put him on hold like everybody else. And if he got disconnected, I mean, that's just an active God. I guess you'll have to try to get back in which I doubt that he will. But I sure as hell didn't hang up on him. No way Jose. No way Jorge. I did not do that. Here's the, I got to read that memo again by the way. Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I am the first time caller. I love you happy anniversary. Thanks. I have nothing to say except I would love to take a sip. I've never gone to the game. We haven't been good. See that man now to show me coming to the very point. We've had a pretty exciting rat and fest and bug and fest in show here today. We've been talking skabies and rabies and it's really been, uh... I just didn't want to take up your time and I was like, I've had to take up my time. I'd like to make these other bastards wait a little while. But I had to get it out there and they're called. I've never called. Why does it, why is it so hard for you to call? I'm not, I'm really not a scary guy. Other than to look at, but I'm always very good. You're more intimidating than Rick and Sads or. Well, that's, you know. I'm more intimidating than Phil. No. I enjoy the show. I can't anybody be more intimidating than Phil. No, I'm just like the show. But you, you know, I love your show. But I'm a harness, you think. I'm really a hell of a, I'm a sweet guy. I'll just serve it to me to call. I swear to God, you don't know how nervous I am. But no, don't you see how easy it was? Yes, you're a sweetheart. I am. God, this is so easy. Right. Beautiful. I wish you a new one to see. All the islanders. I've never been to a game. Yeah. I know that the islanders, I, I, I watched the scores all the time. I'm really a pancer's fan, but I don't understand hockey. That's good. That's why you see the islanders play it. It has generally doesn't have too much to do with hockey anyway. Well, what do you think would be a better game for you? No, no, that's the one. No, I'm kidding. They're playing pretty good now. You're lucky. It's on the 21st and I'll see you then and hang on. Don't, don't cut me off, please. What do you mean don't? Well, you just cut your other cut off and I'm afraid of them. I'm not. I'm putting you on hold. I love you, Neil. Hang on. Bye. Don't talk yourself out of these. Okay. Okay. See, she's on hold. Voila. She's online three. It take good care for her. You never let the facts change a damn good opinion. WIOD, my enemy Fort Lauderdale. You've talked in entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Well, it's the one to two hours. Look, but I'm happy. I'm poor, but I'm can. I'm short, but I'm healthy. Yeah. I'm hungry. I'm grounded. I'm saying, but I'm over. Well, I'm lost, but I'm a poor baby. We're all confirmed to. Is it because I'm going to be fine? Bye. Oh my god, I'm really my fucking energy. I'm here to see you now. Bye. Oh. I'm drunk, but I'm sober. I'm going to get them under. I'm short, but I'm working. Yeah. I'm a car, but I'm restless. I'm here, but I'm really going. I'm wrong. Yeah. I'm sorry. Baby. We're all confirmed to. Is it everything you're gonna be fine? All right. We're all like I want any money. I'm fucking energy. It's like an assay guy. Yeah. I'm being put on a counter. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. I'm just kidding. I'm like I want any money. I'm fucking energy. I'm feeling the face. I'm feeling the face. I'm not a funny person. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. We've been in the club. But I have to fuck it up. You know what I'm saying? What word did you say? Okay. 107 at WOD which word was that you were inquiring about? So anyway, is that what John Void said? Something about inquiring about something or other in deliverance? Remember that? I don't remember what they were talking about. but it was just kind of bizarre that this young who redneck up there on the Koholewasi river was inquiring about what they had to do to get Ned Bates underwear back up on his fat ass. But anyway, is nobody said something about the think it was required? Oh, what do you require? That's what it was when there was a good old boys from a entry, he had him up there in the woods when they had John tied to the tree there. When they was looking at him like they was going to be lunch. And is that what do you require? It just didn't seem like a guy like he would be saying require. He might sing in the choir because he had a pretty mouth. Anyway, here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Listen, I was looking up to hear that Friday, you know, your anniversary show. Yeah. But I missed about 20 minutes of it. And I'm just hoping that the Hummer didn't call up. And he did not. Okay, I was going to make sure because I know everybody else did. He was going to be asking the call up, I guess. I guess you're all talking to him. But he, uh, chickened out and have the cones to do it. Exactly. He did say all those great things about me in the paper. So, you know, you can only push Hank so far. Yeah. Don't push just with a lip stoo far. What a great new nickname, no. Swivel lips. I like that. I'm telling you. And then he goes on a year. Rips Dave Hyden asks, I got news for Hank Dave Hyde is one of the best sports writers with the biggest balls whoever came down to Pike in this town. And the fact that he's out with default and Bob Rubin every Thursday night in an station makes, uh, it takes again away any credibility from the Hummer going on there, ripping him on the air. Yeah, you know, Joe. Of all the night, uh, you know, not to have the sports writers on the radio with last night. I, you know, I wanted to hear what, uh, well, they were not, they were not on last night. No, no, no, they're up and doing the Marlin thing. Ah, deep. What do you get to eat? This deep foe is getting the stale is yesterday's match, but Ted is man. He was, he was alive. Here was the opportunity of a lifetime to get on there and really kick some ass that he's up there with a baseball guys. Yeah. If we want to hear baseball talk, we'll tune in between periods of the Panther games. Yeah, but they're all in nine, I think, Arctic. Yeah, well, like I said, they listen to like, I appreciate a couple of tickets. They were all in seven, the previous day and other, oh, and nine, if they play enough splits, squad games, they can be all in a hundred by the end of the month. That's for sure. What do you want to see? You want to see, uh, I want to see Otto, and let me tell you why, though. I'm glad you do, because we only got six perilla for that. Okay, but listen, I want to hear live and in person, the, uh, Canadian National Anthem. Well, you'll hear it. All right, I appreciate it. Okay, hang on. Thank you, love. Line four, this guy wants to go see the Otto was senators with the Lexi, action and a kid, uh, what's his name, Alfredson? The prediction is Alpha. Look at line four. What is it? Hello? Hello? Is this still you? Yeah, I'm on hold. I was on hold. Hang on. All right. Look at line four, what? He's on there. Yep, but it was dark. But he's still on there. We got our phone system is screwed up, okay? Our phone system, somebody's been patchking around with our phone system. It's f-d-up, okay? It's f-d-up. Probably the traffic guys did it there by screwing around on there in that sports booth and if they don't get out of this building and get up in here in a helicopter pretty soon, we're going to start getting pretty pissed off. I had the f-d-up. Wrap it up, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you're saying and so this is the audience too and they're pretty embarrassed for you. But anyway, what was I just saying that was so important before that about outfits and I think it's going to be the runner up to Eric Dazay for work you the year. And Eddie Javanoski will be a distant third. Not that we don't love you Eddie, I'll be a better straight in your act out, but, uh, you know, I mean, does they run away? And that's not contest. That's why one of these homer is some of these bozos get on there. I'll down to you, think that Eddie Javanoski should be the rookie of the year. Yeah, right. Absolutely. No question about it. Make Thomas take about it. Here at end Denise Potvench and when the lady being trophy, okay? Because if there was ever a lady, here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, have you belated on a birthday? Thanks. Couldn't get through that thing, believe it or not. Listen, you checked the hardest morning. I don't know if you read that. About Barry Jackson? No, about the, uh, the city trying to buy back to Arena. Oh, yes, the city of sunrise. No, city of Miami from the company that, uh, the only article I read was about the city of sunrise, this is suing the Civic Center thing. The city of Miami is trying to buy back the way and do what was, what they're going to do with it. I have no idea, maybe rent a car. Hey, commissioner, Caroyo, what are you going to do with that arena? That's Sally six with say. Pick it up your ass. There you go. They're going to rent it out for parties, maybe. All right. We can have, next time we have a gathering of Boy Scouts to the rescue, we can have a gathering right there in the arena. I hear you. Neil, can I get a request? We could rename it to Boy Scouts to the rescue arena. What, what, what, and what is that? Um, that bit that has, uh, snorting eight balls, the baseball thongs. Snorting eight balls? Yeah. Is that the name of it? I, I don't know. We're going to find that. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York Yankees. Darryl Strawberry. I'm a doctor. Good as me. I'm the person who coach Steve Hall. Hall. That's what I like the new. I'm the guy. That goodins in the wind up. The straw man snorts the line up. He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell. All right. He's high as a lab rat. From smoking the crack at a bat. He does in like cocaine just likes the way it smells. Snorting eight balls. Tyros rolling up the twan he snorting eight balls. And he's given good and plenty. They lick the twan he dollar bill. Their teeth are grinding like a pepper mill. Doing eight balls. Oh, alcohol and pills. Jesus. Steve Hall is in the bullpen. His nostrils are white open. He's so f***ed up beating. He's on the braves. He gets advice from Doc. And Doc prescribed some rock. So first Steve blew a line in Danny Bluder. Save. Snort, neighbors. They abused the magic powder. Snort, neighbors. Both sprinkle it on the clam powder. Prescriptions got perpetuable refill. They do it in the pool if they had gills. Go in eight balls. Alcohol and pills. All add money. Eight balls. Alcohol and pills. I like a weapon you all adore. Miss your manager. Fuck. Hi, Bob. Okay, once 13 and WOD, I like that one. He takes that real deep breath. It just holds it, hold it, hold it. You notice the latest thing is like, dude speak. Dude speak. Everything is dude. Yeah, no dude. What? That's it. Say it dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Yeah, you're talking dude. Yeah. Rick and the sixth attending him on the news, talking entertainment radio. The sixth turn, WOD. Some days I feel myself. First there was dead man walking. The gut wrenching story of a condemned man and the nondetermined a savings soul. Now Susan Surandon returns a sister Helen in a gripping sequel and she's determined to continue the fight. Matthew, it's not too late. Matthew, I'm not giving up on you. And I'm not going to let you give up on yourself. We're going to get through this thing together. Uh, excuse me sister Helen. What is it Warden? I'm going to have to ask you to leave now. Haven't you done enough already? I think. For God say can't you leave us in peace? But what? Well, it's just that he's dead sister. Do you think I don't know that? Yes, but he's been dead for three days. And? Well, it's just that he's starting to stink out the place and we really need to bury the body. You cannot wait to put this travesty of just a behind you can you? Well, I really don't mean to rush you, but there are other condemned prisoners waiting to use the chamber and we need the gurney. Don't you listen to him, Matthew? Just because your dead doesn't mean you can't get on with your life. I think it does sister Susan Surandon and the body of Sean Penn, Starring Dead Men Rotting. Dead Men Rotting. Wafting soon into a theater near you. Okay, one 18 at WOD. You know something, I think it's the detergent. I think my mother brought some kind of mystery detergent into my house and washed all the sheets and all my clothing and the dog and the carpets and sprayed it on the ceiling. I think it's a goddamn communist plot. Here's Margade, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Happy belated anniversary. Thanks. Then listening to you for probably about 18 years. Incredible. I remember, that's shocking. That's frightening. I'm only 24 too. Really? I remember one of my dad would pick me up from a little leak football or baseball. Yeah. And you're on at night. And on the way home, I would listen to you. And you'd say, who's that crazy man on a radio, then? I remember you had to take a long with that. I remember you had the dating meeting game? Yeah. Yeah, I remember that. Sure did. I went to follow you. What? How long ago were you going to date up about 10 years ago? Eight years ago. I remember the big John. You had a big day? Big day for big John? And you had the Ferrari? Yeah. And you went up the basket robins. I think on the universe. No, you're getting close. E-Mac and Volios. Yeah, he had a university driving a camera. We had a big thing there. And we brought the Ferrari by. Yeah. I remember that. The pre-do was there. And the bird and Stan was there. And the big Dave. And everybody was there. Do you remember last year? Coming back from a hockey game. There was a Mustang next to you. And my wife was like hanging out the window waving to you. Yeah. Yeah, that was us. Well, how about that? We love you. And only tell her to stop scraping her head against the highway. I like that. I can call some serious damage. She says we got to go. Our next car says we're going to be a vet. There you go. Now you're working up to reality. Yeah, we got to go. Then you'll understand when you make that transition. And I'll say, you know, that was OK for you know, when you were a little punk. But now that you get to be a real person. It's a... Maybe you get rid of the Mustang and now we got an explore. Oh, like I said, he wanted the family car. Uh-huh. But now she wants to go back to school. You'll grow out of that. Yeah. So how's everything? Everything's great. What do you want? Just want to suck around, you know? Yeah, I know. I want to slipper around. Out of a game. About Islander. Islander game. What we only got three pair left. So you're one of the select lands through. What do you like that to make you feel? To make you feel like you got a vet you are. OK, hang on. I'll say there. OK. Line six. Take care of that. Got, boy. That guy. So anyway, look at that. There's a cute dog. What is this that we're watching on here? What is this? Oh, it's in between on the soap operas. It's a spy. It's a home-ward bound to lost in San Francisco. Another one of the incipit movies coming very soon with the inner near you. Buiders are real heavy duty crap coming out. And what's that other movie that they're making? That's like a sequel to La Cajra Foulds. Part one to an eighth. A bird cage. The bird cage. La Burr, the bird cage, uh, foulds. Here's uh, Boca, hello. Hey, Neo, what's up? Yes, sir. We're time-powering. OK. We're doing permission. And... Gotta love it. Hockey down here? Yeah. Yeah. What is it? Hey, uh, I got some of your life. Yeah. What's the Mexico while I go? Yeah. In the head there, toilet-sing, where you can't put a... You've got a wife, and then you've got to throw a toilet paper in the box. Yeah. I have to do that. But I found out why they do that. Yeah. They... The thumb and Mexico, they have... got to... if you throw too much toilet paper in there, plugs up their pit, them or something. Yeah. But today, here are you a cover cross that same thing. No, I hadn't come across it. Yeah? No, George did, but we got a bad connection. We'll talk to you. Hey, he's in Palm Beach. You don't think I'm going to leave my long enough to embarrass him and ask, and you know what I'm saying? He's a good guy. You're a good guy, pal. Don't take it personal, but Palm Beach is, uh, you're out. Uh, and see, actually, I did not hang up on another guy that was on 74, but it must have been an active guard, because I had said, hey, if you're calling from Palm Beach, we're not giving you the... See, I told you that yesterday. I told you that I warned you. I gave you plenty of advanced notice. I said, at least pretend you want to speak to me today, because if you call in, suck it around for freebees tomorrow, it's going to be very embarrassing, and I will not. I will not. I will not. I won't do it. But anyway, didn't you tell me that your grandma was into that throwing the toilet paper into all the old Cuban. All the old Cubans, they threw the toilet paper into a box, and then like a couple of months later, when it drives up, they use it over again. That's being frugal. What do you, what is that? What kind of an expression is that? They're at least not like the Russians, where they keep folding it up to the size of a Q-tip, which takes a very delicate finger. I'll tell you to do that right. And you know those Russians, they would never wash their hands. They just dip their hands in vodka when they're done. Anyway, it's 120 to a dental kill anything. Look at Reneri. 120 to a WIOD. Let me tell you about, well, it's... Can we do a little space between that and Lorenzo's? Let's take a deep breath. Okay. Use talking entertainment radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 16. WIOD. Darkwood can't keep his packer in his pants. Who'd be coming down for the oven? Who are puns in party's day? A great day for the Hayushala, across the USA. What do you call her? What is this I hear? This cry in ballet, who? There's a bunch of squares again this year, who says that I wish to. Oh God, loves the Hayush. And let's, of course, your gay. If you are your wife, Margin, a puns in party's day, you can be a bummer bucket to scum, short and that's okay, but you can't be a Yushifchig. Now the order of Hayperanians, those him and Inces great, have delivered this pronouncement upon the Blessed Day. Short a little bit of oven foul, I nestled in the sea. But you're gone straight to help a homosexuality. Okay, loves the Hayush. And let's, of course, your gay. That was their pronouncement as the Hayps begin to play. If you can be a Khan, a Mafia, Dan, God loves the Anyway. But you can't be Hayushifchig. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. E-S-V-I-A-E-N-N-S-S-S-L-S-B-Ns. Choose another women part, I meet with. And devil, I'm unkenn never get a date with. L-E-S-V-I-E-N-N-S-S-S-B-I-E-N. And as we say, it's the shame that these games won't come out and march with us, lesbians. No way. But just as Cardinal Carter, he sure is such a straight. It spoils like the Kennedy is the maid's country great. We don't allow no Peter Pan the wedding of the Green. And when we say up to Irish boys, that is what we mean. Oh, God loves the Irish as long as Minimence. Except perhaps the lefricons we've never been short of them. You can be stingy and drunk and hurling chunks will laugh at all away. But you can't be a Irish if you're gay. No, you can't be a Irish if you're gay. Don't even try a B in a Irish if you're gay. They're packed in there. I'll wait and say as they're packing it in there. And that's great. Thank you Wayne Wayne Ardell is here from Wayne Ardell's Royal of Hassel. And he brought me some beautiful, beautiful stuff. Thank you so much Wayne. You're a hell of a guy. You're a whale of a guy. He's like a human accordion. He's skinny, he's fat, he's up, he's down. He's, you know, you can never quite put your finger on it. Well, look at that white hots with a little onion there and some neatly burgers, what onion and little cheese and no buns. And that's the Atkins baby. See? Now, now we got it all straightened out. I never back in the old days and I used to be chewing myself out for eating all this crap here. Oh, God. No, you're going to be so fat, you're going to be sick. And it was like me, why was the buns? It was the goddamn buns. That was what the problem was. You're all I'm saying? You think that guy's going to get pissed off again. I'm eating on here to do it because if he does, it's too bad. It's his fault. It's his problem. Tough crap. Grow up pal. Oh, I'm going to hear some good hot sauce. So anyway, hope I wish you could be enjoying this with me here right now, but you can't. Here's Miami. Hello. I wanted to give you the real thing, Neil. Yeah, Ben. You still got that cart? Do I still have it? Brian Norr cross. What cart are you talking about? I wanted to give you the real thing, Neil. What cart was that? I gave it a joke. That's what I wanted to give you the real thing here. Yeah, I was just I was stalling for time because I'm eating. No, I gave George that. Hey, it's from I and Z. Yeah. I wanted to give you the real thing here, Neil. I'll pass. I still have more to say. What he looked bad on that news, too, by the way. Oh, man. And to keep showing these real close ups, you do I can see every rinkling is push. Yeah, he's a fairy. He's a one? Oh, a fairy. He's a very good one. With a fruit cake and deffy Macalum from I and Z. Yeah. Would you be interested? Uh-huh. I'll bring out. I'll give it to George. I'll pass by and uh. Night love it. Uh, can I snorfer for them? Take it. Let's see why I got left. I got five pair for Ottawa. I got two for the aisles. I'm not taking it. And you're going to Ottawa. I'll pay the 19th. Thanks, Neil. Okay, hang on. Am I right on those numbers, by the way? So now we got six pair. We got a half an hour to do. We better hurry up. And now I'm itching bad. I think I'm allergic to Wayne. Just a joke, Wayne. Just a joke. Follow boy. That's good stuff. Maybe I'm allergic to food. Maybe if I just stopped eating for the rest of my life, I feel perfect. Like, uh, Gandhi. Here's a Miramar. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your 20. Thanks. And it's uh, anniversary show you how I'm Friday with awesome. It's sure wise. Well, that people hate again the week and I hope. If they're smart, are we playing that again this weekend, George? The anniversary show? Huh? He don't know. He don't know because it's that, it's that who do you decide that? Who put that to go? Who does? I guess I do. So why don't we go to get about a two week hang time on that production because it takes a long time to make this. Wrong. So I guess we can have to next. Next week come. Great. And uh, because I'm a little forward to the game. This, uh, I'm 28. What is it? I'm becoming to the fixed retainer of the 28. Can I swing by for another? Ha ha ha ha. What did Wayne do to me? Oh my god. Ah ha ha. I think he, I think he's got um, embomming fluid in here that I just put my mouth. He's got some hot sauce in here that is so scalding a hot. You could take, you could take a penny in here, drop it in the bottom in 30 seconds. It would be gone. Oh man, what we just, I'm sorry. So I'm going to the fixed retainer on the 28. I was wondering if I can swing by for an autograph. Sure. All righty. Absolutely. Five. 125. Fantastic. I'll be there. I click around for a pair. Sure. I wonder. Okay. Thank you. Oh man. Hang on. Line five. Take care of our pies on an air. But, well, what did he? What is this? Is this man out of his office rocker or what? Oh, now here's the other sauce with it. What is that? Oh, maybe that's the chicken wing sauce, huh? Did you ever taste that? Oh, wow. Right in the circular file. There's the Rochester hot sauce for my stuff. Oh man, oh man, oh man. My nostrils are cleaned out. That that sauce just, and I just had a little taste of it. Even my rectum is cleaned out for like months now. Every pouring my body is breathing free and I bet you I don't it you can all weekend. Thank you Wayne. Oh, you want to solve that problem. Wayne can handle everything. Right? Just like Al Martino said, I got a father, you know, you can take care of everything. Somebody said just before we slapped him in a face and said, be a man. Here's for a lot of Dale on the purple line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I was one of those, uh, home at last Friday to return purple. Yeah. And I just want to say happy, believe it. Thanks. All right. I have a spider port on Mr. Hank. Uh-huh. He's listening to him the other night and he said, thought to have that sports and dotted I'd like to be everywhere in the county. So he could get all the sports all the time. And he said quote, I would like to have my testicles out all over the county, but I just can't be everywhere at one time. Been a producer says, so I think that's uh, tentacles and he goes testicles tentacles. What the hell? Yeah, still a more my material. Even though he's busy, of course, on the phone when he's in a car, he doesn't listen, but he's a stealin' all my material. A lot of boy Hank. Nice going, Swivel lips. Yeah, that was great. Yeah, it was great. He's all right. Can I store around, too? Yeah, I got, um, you want to go to Ottawa, I hope. I do. Yeah, but I could. Thank you, Neil. So that means there's three of those up. But yeah, because if we get all these New York, then it'll be islander friends. Probably the New Yorker is nettle to really piss me off. Okay, hang on. Okay. Okay. And that just don't, and purple, he's not a purple line. That just don't on me. That's all I need to do is be gettin' about to islander fans in there, like Adam, you know. Let's go islanders. Of course, basically, they don't really have any fans left, anyhow. Boy, what a sorry thing, huh? Look what happened to that franchise, and it's all because that he's pot fan left there. They used to be great, but once that he slept, that's what he would tell you. Up there in New York, they're happier. They're celebrating the fact he's not there anymore. Anyhow, Galskream Park is home of the Florida Derby coming up on March 16, which is a week from tomorrow. Or we're gettin' there. And they've got lots of great racing action this weekend. Tomorrow it's the premier turf race of South Florida Racing. They $300,000, grade two crown-world Pan American handicap. And there's live entertainment from music superstar Carlos Oliva, performing two shows at 1230 in 3PM. I wonder he's related to Stephen Oliva. On Sunday, Galskream's feature is the $200,000 great two-orca handicap. And it's also your chance to meet Pete Rose. He'll be signing autographs for the first 450 people from 2-4. He might sound a few more after that, but don't bet on it. That's the crown-world Pan American handicap and superstar Carlos Oliva for two shows tomorrow. And then on Sunday, the Orkin handicap and a chance to meet baseball legend, Pete Rose at Galskream Park. U.S. Highway 1 in Hell in Hell, they'll open Wednesday through Monday, post-time 1PM, kids under 18 at minute free. It's a way of a place, George. Use talk at entertainment radio, 16W-I-O-D. Oh, Neil, Mike Queen. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. Every time your mouth is open, I can't help making it. It's not a lie like I'm on time. But you can't tell. It's when God is on one day. God will be with a crush on you. Oh. Yeah. I fundraise. Yeah. One forty one a WOD thanks to Robin and Sarah who brought by a whole bunch of those little goye should uh... hummintoshan little triangular ones that are really hard and they got a nice card and here i thank you so much for the card so hard and hummintoshan too but unfortunately i don't eat those and i can't anyway because they're not on the ackeens and in addition to which even if i worn on the ackeens the little hard triangular ones those are uh... those are hummintoshan for goyum and and sharele those are the only people i know who like those the big soft brown ones baby with the poppy seeds those are the hummintoshan if you really wanted to do it up at the time that's where it's at trust me uh... from a real jew not a make believe jew not a wannabe jew but a real real all i you here's like park hello hello here yes sir happy anniversary thanks i'm a corner of the station at a pace on and there's a lot of noise here so please i got to tell you story of love here i work at a nightclub in boca and my sister managers is cute dreamy little blonde girls who is a total panther fan yeah he's from New York and hates the rangers like poison uh... if you were supposed to go to that game but we work that night and he was real said he couldn't go plus the panthers got to thank that night he was totally totally love to go see the i wonder is with the panthers and it would be a good way to express my attention story as well so you could play cute before me then you'd be helping me up completely yeah so what do you think you think you could do for me what do you think you're just guys in boca's in pombie's i live in boca you live where i live in four i'm not sure the square that okay well you'll know when you get when you get this guys address better be in four lotter down you know what i said well i want to play butch boss with the paggy sound like a really good guy you might even look human i don't know i'm trying but just go like sports and how i might marry her because that's hard to find a girl like sports is much cedar depending on what sports we're talking about yeah i'll actually get that later on oh really oh well see i really talked to that much but this is a good way to what we need to have it talked to with that much i thought this was the love of your life well he doesn't know yeah you know it in me yeah that's kind of a jace you know i'll have it talked in that much either yeah okay you got it hang on i can relate to that okay line seven take care of that kind of he doesn't if he gives you any address other than four lotterdale make sure we hear the dial tone real soon so that cake takes care of all those i littered tickets boy 10 per of those went fast didn't they they sure did okay let's let's check it on the latest news from the wild news department and let's go to our good friend Rocky bent over there wqa the lovely ok able can't pronounce the call it is it talks like he's got a accord cob of his ass maybe that's the way they walk in buffalo i don't know but that's what he sounds like boy that kid is the most annoying and in fact maybe he's related to our new morning news anchor huh good be so by the way i'm marking up all that stuff for you win this weekend i'm gonna work really feverishly on i'll let's stuff that you got a card up and then i'll bring it in next week and then you can really work yourself into a feverish pitch maybe you want to have jc help you out on that or maybe you can come over this weekend help me mark out the ones that i uh one mark you where i want it i'll show you where i want it okay like uh as in oh sorry that was just a joke okay where are we going next why do you say open wide what was that all about here's hi alia hello no these people are sick thank god i'm the normal one around here yes me oh come on come on me i'm on a moochio abuino oh good good meal um my husband was trying to get to the bank but uh he was he's got to go on a job and stuff so he's yeah i know i know how these things are you know he's a lot's been he's got to be there you know yeah um uh anyway me all was a lot of people trying to lock their husband or wife out of the house i know how that i bet you that's what it's been yeah well anyway me all uh he told me that you got a problem that with some itching and stuff yeah well is do you know if it's your dogs or if it's dogs got a problem but it's not flees oh it's not flees okay no flees got to remind you some uh Adam's flea and take shampoo which works like wonders man it's great but i don't have no flees and he did his my dog okay so it's just like something you know fleeting ingredients or something maybe yeah that could be it oh maybe it's just because i've been watching my dog with those hotspots it's like a mental thing that's i'm beginning to believe that oh anyone i'm sitting here eating like dom dillawies i'm content i'm not teaching at all anyway meal what it you know um because i haven't been able to listen to these days but um what did you think about that uh rangers game all those fans yelling for the rangers i thought i was disgusting but well you know something you can't blame them because they show up in a support their team i'm i'm will never knock people who show up in our verbal and support to team the people that deserve to be knocked out of the panther fans who sit there and get out shouted by the other team we don't have enough panther fans that's right oh god man that's disgusting you know i wanted to know i do you think you have a couple tickets for the auto game so me and my husband could go see him how did we get around to that i just i how did i have a feeling we were getting to that after we got uh neo no really you don't need defensive you got him you got to go talk to yourself out of the toe because i feel very bad about that you love me yes i do okay hang on all right you bye bye line three she loves me okay and uh i love her now she's okay she's nice so we got two pair left boy we sure time this out nice didn't we it was just by accident and thank god it worked out this way instead of taking a whole four hours today and uh uh i can't stand it i can't stand it but it's the least we can do to put some asses in those empty seats so i think you have must deserve a lot of credit even though Jeff Remer again yesterday being jealous all that punk that kid he i'm getting you know tickets that punk that schmuckies a schmuck you see i appreciate when somebody brings me freebies to give away like that's something that's a value to our audience so i think it's a very nice gesture on your part and it even he does grow up half of the show that's okay that's okay in my book so i'll be knocking Jeff Moss and by the way his brother Andy it'll probably will cost you a fifty or seventy bucks to a covered that book in library what do you worry about okay when you got a brother that's got a big time job with a panther organization until buddy but packs and buys it by the way what do you worry about and then i guess once that happens we won't have to worry about Dean Jordan he mask go leave me your brother anymore right Andy that's right one forty seven a w i o d he's talking entertainment radio sixteen w i o d it's right there you best dude sure you're a fat homophobic racist but hey don't despair now there's an extremist way to lose weight introducing that you can in the goose step into the oldie left right far right third right come on let those legs please mister can we're gonna burn open for the presidential race even begins presidential race hell brother i'm building a super race come on limba straight net hide does er get those knees in the breeze does er yes now you can start the insanity with that you can and goose step into the oldies ask for it if i see cradian shake okay one fifty one a w i o d i bet you're perimation when really enjoy that or maybe just some of the other maisons were still alive how's Raymond Verde on by the way so what do we got two pair left because i threw my log away and i was keeping track on here and i was doing a pretty good job two pair for the oddable game look at it uh George has held up two pair and they were both his here's a mobile in candle hello hey on cool mail yes sir hi this is a whole you're junior after Orlando junior i hate identifying myself new good yeah whatever happened to Orlando original huh uh reenali he got sucked up um i bet you took that off ramp of the highway of happiness remember you getting married or something yeah allegedly that's what they all say allegedly i'd like to come and this is married too i'd like to come and share all on the one foot job that she did for you on Friday i couldn't i can thank you all you did a great job i think she's been hanging around you a little bit too often she grew pair of uh a baby you see oh she's got a big period don't worry about that hot hot in the world she's got the second biggest period is building how in the world is she ever ever think that Larry would even have a small notion of possibly given saying yes and calling you i know i've been doing this a long time that is incredibly yeah he's like he's undoggy downers well he's got practice sucking around over here because i've been doing this a long time right he's even got he's even got plastic lips did you know i said he's got you popped out of it when he said ripper yeah what are you doing there what are you doing there what i'd add salt so what are you coming back to pizza loss as soon as they build it what happens it it burned down i know i know i'm getting one more the itching stuff yeah um efforts proper it's all preparation age why it does it does great for the information and i'm a great thing i wouldn't put that stuff on the tip of my finger that stuff is the smartest as some of that many years i'm telling you i'm allergic to that stuff but it's something on the tip oh boy i'm telling you years ago the first time i had him words i tried that stuff and it made me want to jump through my skin oh my god i'm allergic to something and that thing but forget about preparation age no anybody out there get him words ania salt maybe that's where it's at ania salt i've i've come out of this world you're ania salt i've come by and i've uh i've uh i stopped by and then said i just see that i'm saying that Pluto is not a planet it's just a piece of ice out there at the end of the solar system right and it's pissing off a lot of the kids who like having a planet and they get food Disney dog i bet you the Disney people are pissed off big time huh don't go pick it on Pluto baby hey yeah when i come by at the hockey games it usually seem like i don't know you're looking for a night the can of a out of your back or something what is that what is that you look a little paranoid when people come by and they talk to you whatever you just i'm not paranoid but it's just that people are yelling from all directions and on the side of the front and you just you know i mean you can only handle so much at one time right i told her land was senior good he said your handle some more alright well enclosed he yes daddy are ready what was it i love it when you when you tell these people to get off the line already oh yeah like aren't you saying okay see up we have nice good guy we have an open line in date now we got those two pair to give away let's take care of that it was nice here and from him but we got to take care of business hello hi do any i beg your pardon hello what was that you just said macaroni marcony yeah how are you doing good i need to talk to your answers okay yeah i met the finger my Thursday you met the finger man yeah father oh two yeah yeah i want to listen to that tape when he call i said the priest yeah can you put that for me please can i play that i don't have we don't have that in the thing here no we had to remove it surgically and then you're two and then me jc yeah right i'm a q and i yeah 33 years old right fine nine yeah i'm on the 55 yeah brown hair good green eye yeah 12 inches uh huh and the dial tone on the phone let's do a 90 beach all meal yes sir how you doing Neil great i'm a little bit under the weather but i have a French Canadian story yeah i like to tell you on two days i was going over a friend's house right and i was kind of in a bad mood because i was running late because we were going to go somewhere yeah so i'm driving and i'm an in an out of traffic i'm on Collins Avenue and um behind the french Canadian and uh the light turns green yeah well he he doesn't move and he just decides to look into his bag or whatever he had on his side and i'm hunk of my horn so he uh all of a sudden puts up his arms and looks at me you know through his real vumer and he's like you know cursing at me or whatever so then he he decided he he he goes forward and my luck i get stuck at the red light so um little up the road i catch up with them right that was already mad so what i did i caught up with them i said something to him on the side i cut in front of him i caught him off yeah so then he he decides to do the same thing so he cuts me off i slam on my brakes yeah and thank god that ball harbors finesse was right there to pull them over and give him a ticket all right all right yeah what you got to pair you got to pair all right thanks you have a pair i have a you have a pair i bet you do okay hang on okay line two take care of that young guy he's got a pair here's a lady in a hollywood hello hello and yes ma'am yes i was just calling the congratulation on your 38 pound weight loss thank you and how is it a book store the other night and i bought one of the doctor i can't book uh and then the weirdest thing happened i was sitting in line waiting to pay for it yeah and this lady comes up behind me and she had some kind of security uniform on yeah and she says oh our mom that guy has the arrogors is on all right oh this he was saying something works it's the condo where your aunt lives yeah and you know hollywood and no one they'll hell and they'll yeah and he's big mac for that crazy bitch oh my god i hope you got away from her fast she was weird oh man and i want to congratulate you on your 30 20 years thanks yeah have a nice day and you too well i wasn't that's which you didn't call for nothing that was a big mac get out of here big mac scope find a life somewhere will you a crazy bitch here's mommy likes hello hello yes how are you today very very well um i'm my teaching has stopped and i feel very peaceful and common lunch was nice and there was great oh that's good actually i hadn't heard anybody mention today but um a state house panel deny the heat of $60 million tax break yesterday and it kind of sounds um what you were saying a few days ago um let me see house members appeared twig by representative Luis Rojas who called the arena tax break a giveaway of public money to multi trillion there's right that could be better spent to improve schools or give pay rates to state prison guards there you go quote this state doesn't need sports franchises it needs good education and safe streets and today you get to pick which one is a priority there you go uh and this is a show that most of us can't suck around for the last term i love it you got it bell okay hang on there's a guy's got his priority straight well just like me i love going to the games that will one lose our teams but hey if we have to choose if we got to choose if push comes a shove let's have some smart people in this country not just about to dump jocs you know what i'm saying let's have some people with smarts he's on one by the way that guy George take your her him so that pretty much it takes here but don't it i think that pretty much takes here but so by the way Jennifer do you well writing to jc at or what she is running around here haven't seen him yet uh just wait we're going to be having fist fights in a hallway me and Jennifer it's going to be a battle to the death i'll turn it right now maybe you know maybe Brad Pitt you can have maybe some of those other marginal people no problem okay i'll be an ice guy but when it comes to this serious business i have seen the face of the lord jesus christ god jc what this is your voice of reason in the midst of k i's w i o d my enemy fortlutter nil i think i talk about her take my radio 610 w i o d