What's with this Ron and Ron? Oh no, to give me father-o-tool. I spilled the wine. Don't you worry about it, Johnny. Just reach down there and grab that roar of people, towels. Thank you from father-o-tool. He knows that hopes-paple towels have a special sin-prens-e agents and are more absolving than other secular brands. So don't be adults. It's from the hope. I'm a lie. You're a poor, thousand. Oops, maple towels. If you like this tomato, you're gonna love his towels. The case with a carton queue up in time, but what I really intended to do was... ...what's with this Ron and Ron? To an edumous white man that I have ever met in my entire life, but that's a whole different story. We'll get to it a whole different time. All right. Ten away to WOD Happy Wednesday. We're in the single digit category now. Eight, eight, eight, eight, eight. Eight, eight days left before the big sale goes through it. I had quite an encounter of the worst kind this morning. The trends came in at about... ...a lot of probably came in about one, but they did it around in here, so we didn't get them until two. And they were okay. But anyway, so I went out to the copying machine in a hallway at the top of the stairs to see if my copies of the trends might be sitting there. And guess who was standing there, George? Guess who was standing there right by the copying machine at 930? Jeff Clark and Bob Green. And I said, good morning. And Jeff Clark said, good morning. And Bob Green met in the water to wait. And I went, oh, I ride. And then I came in here and told Adam that he says, oh, he don't speak to me either. Do you speak to him? He tries and he doesn't respond like you're not there. Like I said, eight days, seven for Rick and Suds, eight for this kid. So anyway, the trends did come in yesterday. Today, I've got something new and different. I'm going to do it's called a screw around. No, seriously, I'm going to play all this stuff from this rack and this rack. Stuff we haven't heard and he liked that bra. I didn't realize that was local brand. Well, hey, well, I'm not going to get any calls. So I'm not going to aggravate myself with eight days left before the sale. I'm going to worry about these bastards. You see, I'm going to tell you what impact you can have in this country like me. Oh, yeah, you got such impact. You got such power right. I'll tell you the impact I have. How many years have I been talking about the invocation at the football games? How many years? Like many, many years. Probably ever since I came here. Because I don't understand it. I don't understand why people go along with it. Why do people feel they have to be sheep? The PA announcer comes on and says, okay, drop your drawers. Stick your finger in your nose. Stick your finger in your rectum. Whatever he says, they just do it. Everybody please stand now and bow your head. And here's some sketchy out there with some religious and a football game. But the religious exercise. And so I said, I'm just going to protest. I'm going to sit down and in fact, rich because he sits there next to me. And he's trying to like, you know, and I've given credit for he sits on his fat ass. Plus he's too lazy to get up anyway. But in that's it, out of 75,000 people now. A couple of years ago, they're actually were like, I think I had about another half a dozen people who at least told me that they weren't getting up during the invocation. So out of 75,000 people, if I have such a cloud that I can't, and I realize I'm not going to change the world. I mean, most people will give you the God bull crap, and they'll tell you they believe in religion, and they believe in God, and all of that, even though they don't. Because it's just not fashionable in this country to say otherwise. But you've got to know that there are more than two people out of the 75,000 who are not happy about having to get up while somebody out there saying some religious prayer. After you've paid 50 bucks or 100 bucks between parking and tickets and food, and everything, you go to a football game. And yet I can't get anybody. I mean, even if we got like 20, wouldn't that be a start? You know, one year you get 20, the next year you get 100, then they're all of a sudden you've got a few hundred people. And everybody takes notice and says, guess what, there's some people out there who don't think that we ought to be stand prayers at football games, who don't want to be forced to go through some religious exercise at a place where it is totally inappropriate. It's a movement. Yeah, it's a movement, all right. You can smell it. I mean, you got at a 75,000 people you've got presbyterians. You've got 70 Adventists. You've got four-thay Adventists. You've got Mormons. You've got morons. You've got Jews. You've got of all the branches by the way. You've got conservative. You've got orthodox. You've got reform. You've got the Hasidim. You've got Catholics. You've got, and you've got atheists and agnostic. And everything else. So why? Why? Do you refuse to sit on your ass and help to put a stop to this? Wow, it's not a big deal. Well, it should be a big deal because it's part of what's basically wrong with America. Is the intolerance factor, maybe? And everybody trying to force their religion. They're stupid. They're superstitions on everybody else. And you won't do it. And I want to know why. I want to know why you're such a bunch of sheep. Why are you such a bunch of living's? And I could sit here for four hours today and get all worked up and went out of shape about that. And still get no response. So what's the point? So I started to say that people tiles. We haven't played that. I didn't even know that was a bulk of brand bit. That's how old that is. There are stuff in these two racks that I haven't played since before Alan Courtney was a child. And we're going to do it today, man. Because look at that board. Look at that board. And the trends came out. And I'm going to be honest with you. Considering everything that we've gone through the summer, not all that bad. We're sitting here with a five point. Oh, in midday 2554, which isn't the greatest that translates out to about a five three five four whatever between ten and two. But you know something out of the circumstances. Rick and suds had a nice comeback in this last month. Thank God. Feel had a little dip there. But what does he care about that? He ain't going to be here. What does he care? In addition to which if you left a real high number, we're there that would be an impediment for Rick and suds. And you have to know we don't want to happen. You know, have to jump over a high hurdle. Let's start with low hurdles and then we'll work up to the big ones. So they were not all that bad. In fact, the 18 to 34 we went up. Were you aware of that? We went up. Man we went up. You know where we went down? Old farmers. Old forests and women. I told you we got no women. So so like yesterday when I asked about your You're a request and be has by the way, because you want to rip rimmer. And I asked about those rimmer shows and I'm not sure. And what did I get three women who don't like that stuff? Oh, yeah, tell my chat. Tell my chat. Okay, three women. Well, we don't have any. Why should we gear the show toward women when we don't have any women? Anyhow. 1013 at WIOD over. Are you ready to surf the net? Do you want to be hooked up to the worldwide web and all the information can be right as your fingertips? Well, I guess you need to go to school and learn about computers, huh? I'll hinder you. 26th EM on you. Talk an entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. What's with this Ron and Ron? Two of the dumbest white men that I have ever met in my entire life. But that's a whole different story. We'll get to it a whole different time. If you're a heavy metal rock star, you know that Jackets can turn on stage ecstasy into agony. That's why you use Motley crew eggs. Because you don't have time to be exciting, uncomfortable itchiness goes along with wearing tight black leather pants. Motley crew eggs. Rock baby ready to rock, kick it, ready for fun. Motley crew eggs. Rock rock rocks. You can rock nonstop. Look for free backstage best with every purchase. Offer felled for new bio 14 year olds only. 10 17 WIOD. So George went to the kiss concert last night. What? I'll give you a kiss. Exactly. And it was great. It was great. And I'm deaf. Thank you Tracy. And you leave for getting me a seat. Wait too close to the speakers. The deaf and horse. To I notice. What? Oh, come on. It's required. Come on. I was relieving my childhood. I was too poor. I evidently. Yeah. When I was a teenager. I can afford. Well that's what I knew in here. Arena ballot rewarded. Foers need to vote. Yes. See this goes on a date county all the time. This is how they got the metro rail through. They fake the people out. People against it were supposed to vote. Yes. And they figured well if I'm against it. I vote. No. But guess what? They did a quick switch around. And even Maurice for races. We need that arena. And he says I'm going to do everything within my power to help. And I'm not as basically what he's saying. And Mickey Eris and urge the commissioner reversed the language and they did. Instead of having it originally the way Dan Paul had on the petitions and say if you're against it, you vote no, which makes sense. Now if you're against it, you vote. Yes. That's the way it's going to be on the ballot unless they can get changed. So date county once again trying to subvert the will of the public. Trying to pull a fast one. And Dave Heids got the balls to write about what a great guy Mickey Eris and his and his and the champagne people are ripping them day view. I'm serious default must be slip in this guy drugs on Thursday night. It's unbelievable to stuff that gets written in the papers here now. Yeah. Yeah. I feel so bad for Mickey G and dad's got most of those opinions over there. It is real. What is shame? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. I know you don't read the Harold, but I was just looking better. Letters to the editor. You couldn't mean one by over. Some are from paying. I got that here. You all set man. Okay, and also you got you got to read the one word at word at word a traffic light is that if that doesn't tell Drive into my like a spray dry driving to Miami. I don't know what just Joe Patron. I want to know why the people stand for the Invocation of the football. Yeah, well, I don't I never have you what do you mean by that? Well when I've gone to games on on one of the other besides you were fat rich to sit down. I don't stand up and Uh, for that I don't believe it. I swear I know I never have yet to get on I've ever gone any in for the artist bowl back when we go in you don't stand for the invocation So I've got a Joe rugby stadium twice I mean I used to go to the games of the artist bowl for years and years Yeah, and I never never stood and it was always the Catholic They'll priest it all at you know, and I don't care who it is. I don't care if it's a rabbi a priest A Getsky. I don't care what it is out there. There shouldn't be any prayer in a football game, especially when you're paying to get in Exactly, if I want to go to Scholar church. I'll go in there and of course you have to pay to get in there too But that's beside the point. Hey, let me keep it. Keep it when it belongs You know and is defa I hopefully get a stay. I haven't got any idea. I tell you what I mean I was you know, I was switching back and forth yesterday between fat Hank and add asked the program director on I Sorted God he listens to your show He's an authentic a morning Hank. I mean, yeah, maybe I can relay it. Messes too because I don't understand that you know You don't you go screen list. What why did these guys have to screen their calls? Well, you know, what are they chicken? Yes, they they have to that's why they're stationed so boring Because they want to orchestrate the show which makes it very contrived really and anybody who wants to take a shot or Do anything they're not gonna get on the air So it's a little quirky guys that they got answered a phone over there. How about the I don't mind punky guys answer the phone How about punky guys on a year like here right goldstein in the morning? I'm serious He may be the nicest kid in the world. I don't wish you any bad luck But that kid has got the most annoying voice. He makes you almost want book shambi and what's his name bad Yeah, right. I mean this kid is yeah He talks like like somebody is just absolutely sliced his balls off and there's not even an ounce of fuzz left There's just nothing there and how can he possibly be on the air? I don't get it You got me I'd say what I wish that which is a action would grow some balls Yeah, I'm going for just I mean gold. They're just runs all over this guy That mean a director well of course because Goldberg's got the only numbers on this The internet program directors is gonna get canceled anyways, what do we do? What was that fat hanks numbers? Let's see 20 I know that Phil beat him again. Thank God. I know that the morning show beat Qm in a morning again Thank God for that too. Yeah, but you know it's gonna happen when uh, let's see. Phil had a three six Hank had a two seven 25 54 and in men I guess we got to see men because he'll be saying well, it's the sports station We only care about men everybody's always trying to like hedge their bets How are it had a gigantic trend by the way? Just thought I mentioned that before his sick events start calling and how come you're not measuring how already had a gigantic trend? Yeah, okay, let's see What am I looking at men? Phil had a five three and how am I had a four nine so pretty close, but Phil beat him anyway Yeah, but he's gonna be going up big time now now. That is he feels leaving I mean, why is that in other words? You think Rick and suds are not gonna do well against him. He's gonna bury it. He's gonna bury Rick and suds I don't think so. All right. We didn't I don't well, we'll see. I hope you're wrong. Yeah, I'll say a prayer Yes, I will okay I see yeah happy. I'm kipper Seven got some tremendous response on the phone already this morning is a cell call on here That's it 7519463. Oh, how I long for the old days boy when we had an audience 751 Wild D in day five two four nine four 63 and Broward 1 800 944 et cetera et cetera et cetera See they that's another one of those topics while he's an atheist, you know He's one of those that fag atheist. Yeah, by the way Spirrow Agnews dead. All right 1023 a Wild divino Use talk at entertainment radio 16 W I O D hi everybody This is Gilbert and they don't come any better than Neil launches and I like it when Neil sits in on my show Okay 1027 I told you I was pulling all the crap out of those racks and I pulled out the big one the big bomb Here's a Miami on a purple line hello Unbelievable happy new year Neil and back to you I just left a parking lot in West Dade that had an important amount of handicap spots But now have you seen the baby carriage spots You have yes, I have How do you get those? How do you get what? The baby carriage spots you stick a baby carriage on the in the past New York seat. That's how you get it I haven't got any ideas there's special permit. I don't know I Couldn't believe that have to spot to this though to understand that if you're like a regular schlepper If you're not a cripple if you don't have a little little little pain in the ass kid that you're slipping around you got a park two miles from any They have a spot for that though for what he just said you just drop a little bomb and that's it It's the shot spot So is this gonna be like this all day today? Is this the way our final eight days under Cox enterprises are going to go? We're getting the silent treatment seven five and I'm gonna tell you something you are gonna talk It's sooner or later whether you're like it or not you're gonna address my question I've been trying for 20 years to find don't you understand what it is to be a sheep are doesn't it embarrass you? See you probably think that just sitting there in a middle of 75,000 people and standing out like a sore thumb That's embarrassing to us and I didn't release it not in the least You should be embarrassed that you're so easy to be manipulated and you can't think for yourself It's the course of least resistance while everybody else is gonna stand up and it's it's just something you do So I sure don't want to stand out like a sore thumb and have other people around me Look at like oh how come he must be in eight tears. How come he ain't standing up? But they like being sheep the Lord is my shepherd the Lord is my shepherd and therefore I'm gonna be a professional part of it unbelievable 751 9463 751 WOD and date and this is the reason that things are the way that they are this is the reason that the farbiz in our ruling this country man Because the rest of you are just sitting there like you got a lock jaw 5249463 I'll put the microphone right down here and wait Until health freezes over man, and I'm finished with this cigar And if I play my cards right that can be about 155 What are you laughing about I can't hear a damn thing you're saying good. That's your idea. I don't care I'm sure the audience can and I'm just deaf no they can't They can't hear it. They don't want to hear it He's not gonna tell us what to do great you just go ahead and continue being a lemon on your life be my guest Have no balls have no courage just be another one of those another one of the masses another faceless Puts Hello, yes sir. Somebody how you done? All right, hey, I've been a dolphin season take a hold or last year and this year Yeah, and we do not stand for the invocation. Oh get out of here. Hey, you're full of crap Wanted back? Yeah, you know something I've been lying. I go out of my way to look for everybody standing in front of me So it's hard to see Yeah, that's a good point I stand for the National Anthem right not stand for the invocation Yeah, who is the invocation's over at that point? I stand up from that. That's it Two within my whole section. I mean everyone you know so now we're up to let's see that guy Well he don't come to the games anyway, so you you two and us two four now we're up to four That's probably about the only way in the whole stadium But hey, you know, I'm not doing why are these other people doing it? Do they come there to to participate in religion or to see a damn football game? I don't even think they really even realize what's going on Yeah, right give me a break. Come on. They know exactly what's going on That gets keys out there. You see that bitch with that red dress With that checkerboard dress, but she looked like an Jo Mama on a bed day And I got to agree with you two about what you guys were talking about yesterday I don't watch my hands after I go to the urinal Rik Rali is like a fuss budget. He's obsessed. He's like how are you if you if you've seen Rick lately and see that the schmutzie way that he looks I mean, what's he worried about? Kindly this for crying out loud? I mean, I know I'm quick Looks like Charles Manson on a bed day lately and he's worried about cleanliness He's probably got morsch mutz growing in his beard then on for any 4,000 toilet seats Like we had him exactly all right, Neil okay pal. See you on your receipt That's the seat you ought to be worried about is the one-year-paying big money for okay Everybody stand and wave those banners now everybody stand oh She's like I said go to a sporting event nowadays everything is orchestrated every time you fart Okay everybody squeeze real hard now oops sorry. I thought it was gonna be a fart Everything is gonna be orchestrated. Just like with a music just like with the The same stuff. I mean if if each team was like a little bit different a little original I had different music They played why doesn't have to be the same music in every stadium in every arena okay? That sports music That Why do we have to keep doing that why do we can't somebody assess they get ready glitter already First it was six pack next it's Gary glitter. That's what I say get his ass enough with that Jeez the same tired well and how it how was it that years ago? We went to a sporting event and they didn't have all of this all this plastics Intetic artificially generated enthusiasm you want an awye because it was exciting It's stood on its own Not anymore, most of what you go to now is so watered down and so it's like that game on Sunday. I don't care what anybody says that was really weak. It was ponderous. Ponderous. I don't know, it's great we won. Okay, we won, so it was great. Exactly, if we win it's great. And if we lost like 74 to 73 and overtime, then it would have been boring. Here's the lady mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. You were talking about man and whether they watched their hands. What about women? We don't have any women listening. Why should I be asking about that? One, two, I mean for women. You've got a little problem there that we don't have. But there's another, I do know some men who sit down to pee though, but that's beside the point. But we also have to flush the toilet with our hand. Then we have to turn on the faucet, turn it off and then we have to go over to the wash to get a paper towel and switch that thing down to get to reach the thing down. Yeah. To be able to tell time your hand will still be again. I think I brought up the definitive, and I stopped everybody in their tracks yesterday. All these fuss budgets that are so worried about germs. And I asked that one guy said before your lady friend, the administers, oral sex, do you wash off your rapinus and he said no. Now what, why are you laughing? Is that really disgusting? Is it more disgusting than talking about taking a dump? No. I don't think there's anything disgusting about oral sex. No, with the whole side. No, but I'm not. What about her? Does she make the guy? Yeah, yeah, well that's what I was getting to. That I was leading up to there, trying gently. Huh? So? You make, you make your mate, whoever your husband, your boyfriend, your bulk, you make them wash their penis before you would do it? No. Why not? Because I don't think about it, I guess. Oh, and now let me ask you. But where do you think there are more germs on the toilet seat or on that thing? On the toilet seat. You really believe that? I don't know. I really don't know. Don't you read in your newspapers almost every day about all the, you can't get eight decade aids on a toilet seat. But I mean, can you don't you read about all these sexually transmitted diseases, turkeys and all this other stuff? And hepatitis A, B, C, and D. Now let me ask you something. How many people do you know that pick up stuff on the toilet seat? I don't know anybody who ever had. Ah, how many people do you know that picked up something through a sexual encounter? I don't know anybody. Well, you don't know anybody, but you know there are a lot of more women in any way. Huh? But you know that there are millions who do. Yes. Mayions. Well, you do it one thing you can't get, the scenario diseases are only that from in Italy. You remember to remember a lot of those restaurants that you would go to. It's just like a hole in the floor. Did you go to any of those? No, I've never seen no, as a matter of fact, I wasn't one where there was like a hole in the floor. But not the way you make it sound. It's like a ceramic, but it is a hole in the floor. Yeah, I mean, it's exactly in it. It's co-ed. And so there's one for ladies. There's not one for ladies to one for men. It's just you share it. Yeah. One at a time. Oh, my God. We were in Venice and they had those all over and same with Verona and Paupano. I think they just do it in the canals in Venice. Oh, that is the year right. I was never. I've never got back to the city. Everybody's been here. I've never been there. And I have no desire. If I want to see dirty water, I can just go out here and look into bay and watch the, you know, the water changed to deep brown. I don't need to go to Venice. I have a desk, you know, the question, what do you think about the new, um, dolphin cheerleaders? No, we're really telling you, they made such a big. I think they're, you know, being one who doesn't really care myself for obviously, but I think that they're highly overclad. I think that they have too much clothing on. Oh, really? Don't you? I thought that they brought in the director of the cowboy cheerleaders who are, you know, Bambi Woods and all those. I thought they brought those people in and they were going to really jazz it up. But Wayne, of course, wants this very state, this family environment, you know, it's got to be PG rated. So they got all this extra clothing on. Right. The guys that come out there to see the cheerleaders. They don't want to see that. They want to see him naked. They're at least topless. It's just a win. Right. Yeah. So have on the green day package. They're awesome. They really are. Yeah. Did you look at the sports all straight in our clothing? Did they did on them? Yeah. It did a nice job. I think they're going to be the team to beat. I really do right as of right now. Great. As of three weeks. One end of question. In closing, yes? I don't understand. We have that little farm league for the Panther. The what? The little farm league and green, bro, North Carolina. Yeah. The doctor, like, wherever to be. Do we paint on this part of our budget as a Panther budget? Does that come out? Did they get salary there? Just very minimal. And can we call them up like a baseball league? Yeah. We can call them up. But as far as the salaries, I don't know how that works with the affiliates. I have no idea. I mean, it doesn't come out of the Panther budget. They have their own budget. They have their own attendance and their own whatever. But I don't know how that works. But yeah, we can call them up. Because they said that they have 44 players now. They're going to narrow down to 30. Yeah. Would they all go to the farm league then? Or a lot of them will just go into the farm? OK. And some of them are buying the farm. OK. Have a great day, sweetheart. And watch that thing off. Yeah. OK. She never thought about it. See, leave it to me to come up with the instant rebut for the silly of us. But just, oh, I'm washing off that toilet seat in the knobs on the sink. And yeah, right. All the things that people put right in their mouths, just imagine the germs, the teaming germs. If you only had a microscope, fah. Wouldn't stop me. 1038 at WIOD. Bob Ruben and Dave Hyde, with Jeff De Forest, the sports writers on the radio, sports talk worth remembering. Thursday, night to 6pm. On news, talk and entertainment radio. 610. WIOD. When you talk live on 610, WIOD, you'll be recorded. And we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it. But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to give. My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they want it to help children all over the world. But at least wash it off. When you're pleased, 1041 at WIOD, we got an open pair and brought our thanks to a Steve and up in Wilton, manners, who knows who he is. For a centimeter, a couple of mafia books. There's one called gangland by Howard Blum, Bloom, how the FBI broke the mob, about John Gotti, soon to be a major motion picture. It says from Columbia Pictures. And the war against the mafia by Tim Shaw Cross, the inside story of a deadly struggle against the mob as in. Oh, thank you, Steven. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. Hey, how's it going there? Okay, sir. You heard about that guy. They caught that molested little kid in the park. Yeah. Do you hear what happened to him and gel? Yeah, they beat the crap out of my say, Hallelujah. Yeah, he's going to get it every day until he's going to end up like domber. Yeah, great. All right, that's it. I don't know what you're having with that. Thanks for the good news, okay? We have an open line on a purple line, Pound IOD, mobile 1-18T wireless. Do you hear that A-Blenckan's got a headache? Two open lines in Broward, 5-2-4-9-46-3-5-2-4-W-IOD. Do you hear Aaron Summers wrote a letter to the editor in the Miami-Herald? And about the fact that he was looking for a job since early in the year. And about she also thanks Bob Green of Cox Broadcasting and Mark Lass of Press Broadcasting for carrying passion phones. Both companies believe in my freedom of speech. It's been my pleasure working for both of them. Yeah, that's why they took you off the years, sweetheart. Oh, that's right. It was Paxton took him off the years. Sorry. As if he would have still been here anyway, right? Here's Paul Harvey Jr., who just can't stop. You know, her show was an innovative for about a week. Yeah. And that was it. Well, she had like four or five topics. And after you are exhausted with four or five topics, what are you going to do after that? I don't know. Are they big? Are they small? Are they round? Are they huge? I'll let it. But she had a great ass. Did she? I don't know. She had a dynamite ass. That's the way we're in the building. She had the best ass in town. The worst show and the best ass, okay? Didn't make much of a difference. Now you see, now when we get a new show, we're going to do his go out and look for somebody with the worst ass. And then they might have the bait. Like me, I got the worst ass in a great show. Oh, God. Yeah. I can think of it. Also I can visualize this temple. Anyway, Jesus. You're a good one to talk about complexions, man. Man, is phenomenal. Oh, you know something. It was Chris Moro, okay? One thing about it was your consistent. Your taste is in your. You're a taste is in your. Right, go get out of here. Go on and sow his jars. Yeah. sow his jars. And listen, the whole of the ground is more sanitary than sitting on a seat. Because you never touch anything. That's true. Unless you have a little slip and fall. Oh, man. And let me ask you, is there anything wrong with standing up to wipe your butt? Meaning what? I'm because of my wife thinks I'm insane. I'm mean at my I've asked a couple of a type friends of mine and they all stand up to wipe their ass too. So I don't know anybody, I don't know anybody in the world who stands up to wipe. I'm sorry, but I do. Yeah. Anyway, now are you looking in the mirror while you're doing this? Yeah. I love it. What's the sense of it? It's on ass face folks. Love you. Let me ask you. What's the sense in washing your hands in a public place? Because as soon as you grab the door knob, you know a half million other people did wash your hands. Yeah. You've got to grab the door knob to leave so you contaminate yourself again. So why don't you understand it's a. In other words, people, this is just like the people standing up for the prayer at the ball gets the same thing. People are easily conditioned. So they've been conditioned to believe that the worst germs, the ones that are definitely going to get you are the ones associated with and with scorched cord. Those two with those two bodily functions. That's where the evil germs are. scorched cord is actually sterile. Yeah. But people don't believe that. I mean, didn't hear what Rick Riley was saying about the back wash. I don't watch. I don't listen to a show. Why not? I don't know. You don't want to be the one. Is that it? Hey, they went up to a 29 man. Okay. Which isn't the two two, but it ain't too good. But I mean, what can I tell you? They'll be great in the afternoon. They better be. Yeah. Yeah. I think they will be. They used to be. As long as they don't bring back all those. They'll wheel of meat and that the cow and noises. You remember all that crab? The prize ass. The cow? Yeah. All that stuff. Spenters. He's got a prize ass. He'll say. You want to know the definition of waste of money. What is that? Nealodonl's contract. Yes. That's right. Is he the biggest dip? You know, something professional sports is 90. I mean, if I weren't such a big hockey fan, I would just forget about all of it. I'm so fed up. I'm so disgusted with the Nike logos. I mean, commercialization is one thing. But it's got a such madness now. And the worst part of it is the skies, the limit. The public has an insatiable appetite. It's like the Tyson fight. He could fight Spencer. And you'd have like 20 million guys. Been 50 bucks to watch it last four seconds. I don't watch Spencer get his teeth knocked down. I don't know one idiot. I don't know one idiot that paid for that fight. Yeah, right. I don't. Well, buddy. They made millions of bucks, pal. Unfortunately, I think hockey is about five years behind basketball football and in baseball as far as the big. Not in my life. But look what's the ambiance book making. Now, it's never going to happen. The revenue isn't there. I've never going to happen. I hope not. The big bucks in those other sports comes from television. And you're never going to have the kind of interest, unfortunately. And well, maybe fortunately, you're never going to have that kind of money flowing in hockey that you do in those other sports. But how do you not there? I mean, what did the sport become so I mean is getting hot now. But it's not going to happen. You don't think no. I don't see what not. And additional which for the most part you're dealing with is you like Robby Neeter Miro. Okay, I had dinner with him the other night. I don't want drop any names. But here's a nice little kid from medicine. And what? You know, he satisfied with the millionaire. Whatever. Bonus. He satisfied with whatever he's getting. Yeah. And we can buy he can afford to buy a fancy meal at Chilies. What are his toilet habits like? I don't know. I said yesterday, I didn't follow him in there. Okay, but next time when you meet him, I'm sure you'll be the one. Have a good. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's a good excuse. Oh, I wasn't following you into the rest. You might just want to check out your toilet habits. We're taking a survey. Right. What do you want Spencer? Why are you standing there holding up the door? Did you know that Rick Riley had a two-nine in the last trend? No. Are you impressed by that? Say no. Okay. Spencer is not too happy with that number Rick. You're going to have to butcher it up and he'll have to. And they'll be all right. You got that right. Exactly. They'll be all right. All right. Right. That's what Spencer said. Get out of here now. When we say dolphins on radio, we mean Sanford and Mad Dog. He's in for a touch that just for a hundred dollars. Turn down the pizza and crank up the dolphins. And the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play. Use Jack-Aps. Same of radio. 610. W-I-O-D. Hey, R-A-K. Hey, R-A-K. You're with my calls. And there's three out of six. How's everything going along with this morning? Well, I'm glad to hear it. Here he's. Sean Cassidy. You're long. I need a baby to say. This is Kansas. I'm sorry. I was just going on here. It'll be on some a little bit. We're going to try and fight in Kansas and dust in the wind. It's three o'clock. This is my calls on it. There he is. He can work for us, though, because he said hot day. Anyway, it's 1053 at W-I-O-D. So anyway, I'm looking at the coast numbers and man. Talk about taking a swan dive, especially. Guess what they part. They really went into toilet. Morning. A three point. Oh. In the morning for Johnny Dolan. I mean, when the coast gets down to a three, when you're cracking out a hundred thousand watts of FM power, when you're cracking out Gloria Estiff on nonstop and Michael Bolton over and over again until you want to puke your brains at it. And you can only get a three point. Oh, I'd say not only are those ugly pictures and caricatures, but the handwriting's on a wall two, Johnny. That's what I would say for Johnny Dolan. But have an ice day, Johnny. We wish you a best of luck in the industry and don't forget to make a lot of crank calls to all the shows. Okay, Johnny. It's been nice, though, and he had, by the way, you do still look like a fat puffed-up chip monk. That's what they think about Johnny. You can't say he has no nuts. Here's a Bointon Beach. Hello. Bointon Beach is gone. Okay. Thank you for that. You know who that probably was. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. You're hot tonight. Yeah, I am. I'm going to be in the afternoon too. I'm a social environment teacher. You're what? And I know that social environment teacher I'm off. It's like I used to have on before. What are you talking about? There's what line would you use speaking? Okay, here we go. Your social environment teacher. Yes. I go to MDCC. Right. Okay. My teacher. Man, this guy talks like you looks like you and everything. I don't like, oh my God, wait. I got to ask the sky and I told him, hey, do you listen to Neil? And he said, of course not. He said, what? Listen to Neil. He invited me to be on his show. Who is it? What's his name? The guy he told me to tell you remember about the baby dinosaurs. Oh, yeah. Dino Cicerole. Yeah. Yeah, that's a guy. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Good to see you're getting a good education. What language was he speaking? We have an open line at day 75. One. We got a big open pair in Palm Beach. Your days are numbered like in single digits. 1-800-9-4-4-9-4-6-3-100. You're not sure. But, oh, won't that be a bad break when Paul Harvey Jr. has to pay for the call of call long distance? Won't that be bad? Boy, sure. But don't cut up down on the frequency of his calls. Or is your ination. Here's Miami Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Back to the standing for the, yeah. Yes, thank you. Prior stuff. These people are idiots. First of all, stand up for that. But wait a minute. How come it is that only the people who agree with me are calling. And I want to hear from also from the people who do stand up. I want it. Maybe I'm wrong. Your February been on the bright inlet. That's a period of time. Just for all the highs. It's one of those. Sure. It's whether right's the spot or the left, right? But if going through your right, you couldn't see getting yourSD Kids section after a date. It just is a racism level activity. The last couple of points. Won't get any higher points but other people, with coordination and nonuminating help, It's done in every sporting event all over the world. It's done at the Olympics. It's done at soccer games, baseball, it's a tradition. Religious exercises don't take place at any other sporting event in the world anywhere except at football games. Well, that's a tradition too. I can't they do that too then. But it makes me pointing it out to you. It's not a tradition. It's not a sports tradition. It's an NFL tradition. It's been foisted on the public. Okay, whatever. Well, they're just idiots to stand for the flag or that. I mean, I think you ought to just sit down for the flag. Oh, in other words, you're telling me what I ought to do. Is that it? I'm not telling people that they ought to sit down. In other words, if it doesn't bother them fine, it doesn't. I have no problem with that. I know there are a lot of people who don't believe in all that bull crap. And they still don't have the guts to sit down. I think it's a little hypocritical for you to do that. No, it is not. In other words, I'm not picking shoes. Okay, I'm picking shoes. I'm not jobless. That's just out there to be some kind of a protestor. And everything that everybody else does, I'll do the opposite. Just to be contrary, which sounds to me like what you're doing. I respect the flag. I don't mind if somebody burns the flag. I don't give a crap about that. But if they're going to have the national anthem all stand, it's there's nothing wrong with it. Well, what is the flag have to do with football? And let me say it again. Every sporting event in the world football, baseball, hockey, the race track, every sporting event in the world they do it. It's tradition. And there's some tradition. There are some traditions that are worthwhile. And there's some that are a bunch of crap. And you don't want to differentiate. You're saying that everything that's tradition is bull crap. No, I think it's bull crap to stand for a piece of a plot. What time do you eat dinner? I eat dinner whenever I'm hungry. Yeah, what do you eat for breakfast? I eat a bagel, some coffee. Oh, coffee. Why do you have coffee in the morning? Because it makes me feel good. Yeah, right. It's tradition. Well, why don't you have a steak in the morning? Well, I don't eat meat. Why don't you have like, you don't eat meat? No. Oh, listen, I don't have time for you. We have all the lines in the day. It is another guy. He just is on his own. More power to your pal. Do your own thing. But don't try to tell me what to do. 7519, 463 and date 751. Here's a intolerant militant. That's what this guy is. I'm not telling you to be militant. I'm telling you to use your brain. Girl, little pair. That's all. And if you don't want to stand up for the flag, then ain't going to bother me either. I don't care. Pick and choose. Instead of just being led around by the nose. But the oh, and I haven't heard. And I won't hear from one. I won't hear from one person today who stands up for the invocation at those ball games. Not one. I can't even bet on it. Here's Port St. Lucy. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey you're rolling. I stand for the invocation out there last Sunday. Yeah. Yeah. I thought really what I called about. You know, I just, I believe in it. So I choose to stand. I mean, I respect anybody's opinion. Not to. That's fine. Okay. You believe in it, though. I believe in God, sir. Okay. And you believe in whatever religion they're peddling at that time. I thought it was a great invocation. She told him to get ready to rumble. I thought it was hysterical. But that's the point. It's a joke. Well, you know, whatever. Do you think that if there is such a thing as a, do you think that if there's such a thing as a God that he cares whether the dolphins would have football game? She didn't say who was supposed to win that. The hell she didn't. I couldn't hear it that good. I was up in those please. Oh, but it was great. But you couldn't hear it. And once you went out about, give Danny Marino strength on his birthday. So we can kick some ass right. Yeah. We're really starting for a good radio up here in the treasure coast. I'm sitting out in my car with like an eight foot streamer of aluminum foil from the antenna. Yeah. I wish we could get something inside that JNO. Why am I hearing that echo? It's not turning it up. No, it's not. That's not the delay. Yes. I'm sorry. It's not the delay, George. It's like one second afterwards. It's, uh, I don't know what it is. What is it? Hello? Yeah, I have no idea. I guess you're having technical lines on this phone line. Oh, is it? Yeah. Anyway, I just wanted to, you still play that bridge tender bit. We have an open line in the purple line there where this clown was at the pound IOD. We have one in a Broward 5249463524. WOD. What do you want to know? What was the question? Do we still play well with a bridge tender? No. So you're like this. 610. No. No. Oh, we're going to have you talking in our team on radio. 610. WOD. Oh, Neil. My queen. Go. Mr. Sabah. You're really mean. I bet you never thought we'd intervene. You're filthy, greed has caused you to blunder. And now your diaper headed days are numbered. You're a mad man. Saddam Hussein. I think that you must have said on the brain. We'll blow you to smitheree. Mr. Sabah, you're gonna get cream. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Sadah. Yeah. You crazy thief. We're looking for you on our radio screens. So come out where you can be seen. Oh, wait. Mr. Sabah, you will. Please be离 Mr. Sabah. You will get cream. Oh, no. Look at all six of WOD. So anyway, you know, I made a very simple point. Okay, and that is that we all are most of us who set the illegal aliens and the nose pickers and people like Georgia pretend to be Americans. But everybody else who's like at the game is an American citizen. So when they, you know, put up the flag and they played the national anthem, it's not, I don't think it's inappropriate to expect that because it's long standing tradition and all sports that everybody would stand, or unless they don't want to, which is okay too. But the thing about the religion is religion is entirely different thing. It's personal, it's private, it's idiotic, and it is whatever it is. And as I said before, there's Methodist and there's Jews and there's all kinds of goaminers, aerob sinners, Muslims, and there's atheists and there's a seventh day Adventist, and there's morons and there's Christian scientists and Scientologist and El Ron Hobbub and all of those different people there. It's not the appropriate place to have a, and every time they have somebody come out there one week it's a priest, then it's like we had this broad the other day, this preacher, whatever she is, the preacher bit, and then we have the rabbi. It's, it's not right. And it doesn't make any difference. How clearly you show it right up there on the big board in the sky? Oh no, you know, you're just a party, Pope, and that's all. We just want to go along and have a good time. That's all. We have 20 beers by then anyway, you don't care. Okay. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. May Neil good morning. Yes, sir. You know, it's sad, but people can understand that it's your, your choice. You choose to do what pleases you. Yeah. But if you tell them that, I mean, I don't agree with that, so why should it be? You know, if they would just say, oh, that's fine. I choose to stand up. Well, then stand up. But I'd like to find out why. I want to find out why they're standing up. For example, if they got a Catholic priest saying a prayer. Right. And then the thing that really goes me is when they start throwing around the Jesus name. And in the middle of it, when there's always a Jews in the crowd, you know. Well, the thing is some, some people, because they are sheep, they, regardless of the religion, they stand up to show respect for, you know, someone else is religious. They choose to do that. That's fine. I mean, I don't, I don't think that's why they're doing it. I don't think that has anything to do with sheep. And, you know, they just, or if everybody stands up, think if you go on an elevator, and everybody turns, turns around and looks at the direction, you're going to do it too. Or most people are too. Yeah. I would stand as a 80. People are freaking crazy. You know, but there are people, 90% of the people out there. No, not 90%, 99 and 9%, 10%. What, whatever they, whatever the PA announced who tells them to do, they'll get up and do it. That's good. Do the stress, hockey, poke you whatever the hell. That's right. Yeah. They were even doing the hockey, pokey at Marlon Games in the beginning until they got left off the field. If the guys don't take off your pants and they start to see other people doing it, don't do it too. Oh, people have no mind. They have no soul. They have no balls. And, you know, they just go with the crowd. That's why you live on sheep and you're right. Talk about a lack of backbone and it's pathetic. That's just the way it is, because they'd rather be, they don't want to be different. And yet, you know, football more than probably any other sport, even more than hockey, because football is so much more popular. Football is associated with this much humanity. Real physical, ass kicking game. And so you assume that the people who come to see football games and pay their harder and money are very similarly minded. You know, they really want to see the contact. They want to keep some days. And at the same time, they're a bunch of pussy's. Whatever they tell them to do, they'll get up and do it. The only two or three people in the stadium at the time with balls are on the field. And those are the referee. And that's it. No one else has any balls. People in the society's the way it is. People would rather blend in and stand out and be different and be fight or wrong. It doesn't matter. They just what they will not all. But let's do like everyone else does. I think this country needs a ball transplant if you ask me. We need a we need a ball. Okay, pal. And a new phone. We have an open line in date 7519463751WildD. We got a big pair and a big pair. 5249463524WildD. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. Hey, I don't have no problem with people not standing up for the religious part. But I got to tell you, I do not understand any American or anybody that's in America. They can't stand up for the pledge allegiance. I don't think allegiance. When do we do that? Well, these start spangled banner. Yeah. I just don't think that's right. Why? Well, I don't know. It's a feeling on the inside. I can't. I don't know if I could put it in words, but if you don't like it, then you could just haul ass. You don't have to, you know, you could get on your plane and go to any country you want. I think it was some of the other words, all those kids that got shot at can't state when Nixon was a busy killing innocent people. That was okay. Is that what you're saying because they were absolutely not. I'm talking about a flag. I'm not talking about it. Well, let it be. Yeah. But they were taking a stand against their country though. And you're saying that if you don't support your country. You're saying that. I made interrupture. All I'm saying, Neil, I don't think standing up for the start spangled banner is the same as back in the government. Because I am almost the most anti-government person I know. Yeah. And what I would stand for the. Well, listen, basically, I don't disagree with you because it seems to be very little to ask. It's just it's just a it's just a gesture of respect. But again, I still say if this guy doesn't want to stand, I'm not going to get better. And I don't think that's a great benefit. I'm just going to be a better parent. That's up to him. It's not a big deal. Yeah, I don't know. The way he sounded. He sounded like he just wanted to. Well, he sounds to me like, you know, he's a vegetarian. He's this. He wants to be on the whatever you do. He's going to do the opposite. So hey, that's up to him. Hey, listen, I used to live in Miami. I moved up to the Portei Luceria where I got to tell you. I know it's a little boring. But the people. The people houses and stuff are a little bit different. I do mission and I like listening to you. I'm up on the way to Miami now. Yeah. But I got to tell you your your good guy. I know you want to you want to hide that part of you, but you are a good guy. I'm a great guy. Okay. One of the best guys. Okay, pal. Bye. See you. I'd say one of the very best. We have two open lines today. That's what Bob Green said this morning. Great guy. Well, what's going on here lately, man? You just can't do it, Kenya. And this has happened this summer. Those of us on here here, we're not going to take the blame for it. We've against all the odds in the world and one of the most incredibly negative environments. And the history of the human race that's been going on here for four months. And that's been made a hell of a lot worse than it had to be, too, by the way. We've just somehow managed to keep our heads above water. But you folks, man, you have been so recalcitrant, so retarded that it defies description. You have nothing to say. No matter what it is that we're talking about. So hey, you still play the bridge tender. Yeah, we play it with a bridge tender. We got his left arm on a ceiling and we got his right arm on a wall. How do you like that? We're playing with him right now. 7519463 in date. We got two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, WOD. We got 48,000 open lines on the green lines in Palm Beach, 1-800-Rectam. 1113 at WOD, haven't we? We're going to this Ron and Ron. Coming Monday, September 30th, radios, med boys are back in South Florida. Ron and Ron, back in mornings. But now on this radio frequency, you're talking entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. You think Jennifer is trying to be a little pushier something. She just handed me this again and she gave me this yesterday. But she's right after that's a read-off. Talk to retired in style. Andre Dawson, night set for Saturday, pro player stadium, PBS, uh, pppuk. The Marlins and Oslo honor Andre Dawson with a pregame ceremony on Saturday, September 21st, that's this Saturday. When the Marlins host the Astros at 705 PM, no more activities in an outspinsel take place to celebrate the Hawks Major League Baseball career. And in addition to the first 25,000 fans attending, we'll receive a collector phone card featuring the future Hall of Famer with a recorded message and it's said, rinse so on. Andre Dawson, God, baby, is okay in my book, Plicy Guy. Like I said, but what do you care? Okay, 751 WIOD, 5249463, and Broward, 1-800, will give you 45 or 60 other numbers too. That'll kill some time. Just brutal man. And it's always been this way. You bring up something like this. It's like, they don't know how to react. They just don't know how to react. And they can't disagree intelligently. They can't legitimize. They can't give you an answer as to why they just go along with a crowd and why everybody has to be sheep. They won't know why they would admit it. Here's Pemberg Pines, hello. Any way you doing? Okay. Picked up the small dish about a month ago. Yeah. And as far as the picture, you were just a little bit off on it. It's not almost three-dimensional. It is three-dimension. Yeah. Unbelievable. It's great. As far as looking at the Pines on KBL, I'm going to be able to get them on KBL, correct? If you have, yeah. One of the things that bothered me was I also wanted to order the CBS ABC Fox affiliate. So I wanted them all. I don't want to see anything on regular TV. Yeah. When I called to do it, they're telling me that because I still have cable from other TV. Why do you see it? You blew it. You blew it. Can't get it because you can get it. You got a lie. Where do you live? Pemberg Pines. Well, sure. They don't know what Pemberg Pines is. You can't pick up the local affiliates. I got a crappy reception. Oh, boy. You didn't lie. I didn't know. Well, I got to tell you that when you get your satellite guy, he's got to tell you a lie a lot. Now let you get the network affiliates. You didn't tell me I'm going to go after him for that. Yeah. But the other day, I guess you, uh... You could still call him in. You'll be talking to somebody different anyway and just tell him that, you know, you've had it for however long and you can't pick up the network affiliates where you are. They don't know where Pemberg Pines is. They haven't got any idea word. Yeah, they're not going to trace me down. Of course not. I'll disguise my voice. Got a lie a lot. I mean, it's unfortunate that they force you into these situations and so people do it. Because as far as getting anything else, I mean, for the two and a half years I've been out here, of course with the cable that I have, uh, geez, I try to watch money and they football. I got 13 shadows. I got everything else. It's ridiculous. I think I will do that. I'll recall them and tell them a little fib and sure. That'll be that. But, uh, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself on Sunday down at the, uh, P.P. oven, huh? Not in the least. Yeah, you have taken them bro. That was one of the least. But why I don't understand. First of all, I still can't figure out how I got sunburn sitting on a shady side for four hours. Secondly, I never heard from anybody who sits over on the other side. I do know they were telling me before the game that everybody on the other side sits. There were just, uh, all kinds of sunblocking creams and locians and potions, which they must have to because I can't imagine getting out of there without least 10 melanomas. And it was just stifling. I mean, football and mid-September in this downman, uh, I got to go without the dome. It's a rough, it's a rough go. I've already got that lick because number one, I bought the Sunday ticket. Number two, I'm a stealer fan and I wouldn't go down there if they paid. There you go. I shouldn't front of the 50 inch TV. Watch the direct ticket and forget about that. See, I mean, I'm, I'm trying. I really am. I bought the tickets because of Jimmy and I figured we got a whole new regime going. And, uh, you know, it's at least going to be something exciting and different. And I'm trying to be, you know, force myself to be a dolphin fan again. And I just don't know. I'm really torn. I'm just not into what I did. Just, you know, watch it on TV when you can sit there and you're comfortable and you relax. You don't have to go through the traffic and the parking and the bulk crap. Absolutely. Well, what's the difference? I don't get it. The way you were talking the other day, I can just tell. I give you a couple more weeks beside the fact. I mean, I did not have a good time. Okay. And in the past, even when they were mediocre games, I generally thought, you know, at least had a fairly good time. Didn't have a good time on Sunday in the least, not in the least, but it was a very crappy experience. Even though you got a couple of bigies coming up and a couple of big Monday night games, you know, want one even against my boys. I'm not even going to go down there for that because, like, I see the night games, at least you don't have the problem with the discomfort. It's not as, um, I'm comfortable with it. But, but your jammed up there. But, uh, by the night games on Monday night games here, Amanda, you're more drunks and more, uh, rowdy and hysterical. It's, that's not a pleasant deal either. Well, that's true. That's true. But I think I'm going to give them another shot. I got a couple more days and then I'm going to change my program. And then I'm going to give them another shot and tell them I got all kind of problems. Yeah, tell me you got nothing but dark shadows. Thank you, sir. Okay, pal. Thank you. Paced a lie. That's our, that's our message. We have an open line in date. We've got five, one. We got all of brown� claro it's sitting there just sitting on her hunches, wating for us to do a tap than. It's for him. Waiting for Sammy Davis to come back five 2 49 46 3 5 2 4, Wiod, and Broward. 11 22. Here's talking entertainment radio comes from Wildjä34 Lowe US. Mum 우우우우TM 라ologist straight. What's RAC, o tune up 막 You show everything new, but stringy, but stringy, I think I love you. But I got a no for sure. Come on, let me pull you tight. I think I'll go shoot you. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. But stringy. Let me see your S thing. Be my play thing. Come in for the best stringy. Come in for the best stringy. 1128 at WIOD. So anyway, I'm looking at the numbers here. The trends that came in yesterday. Women. That's where our problem was. Men, we did great. We actually went up and men. All of us. But women. Brother, we have hit rock bottom. We don't have any women. I told you that before. So what am I sitting here waiting to hear about guiding light? See, this is my mistake. I keep trying to go for what isn't there. So what's the point? What's the point of pandering to people who are there and said? It would be like saying, OK, let's have a show for all of our Chinese listeners today. And we don't have any. Maybe there's one. Maybe there's somebody out there who's got a little Chinaman in them. But other than that, I mean, one point eight, even now I realized that the light bulb you're talking all ancient over the age of 100. Even Alice Rand tell in the morning on the light bulb is got a 2.3 in women. Rick and so on to 1.8. Are you hearing that? The light bulb beats us in women in the morning. Two, three to a one, eight. You have a minute. They do all those kind of topics that women really like. They all women. Right. Midday we have a 1.9 in women. These last two trends, the lowest numbers in women we've ever had on a station, 1.6 and Owens up to a 1.9, which is for that. And it feels got a 1.8. I mean, that's, you're not talking about enough people to even mean anything. So there is the problem on this radio station is the damn women out there. And getting back one other thing about the thing with washing your hands, I was just thinking about. People sitting there cars with their hands on the steering wheel. Steering wheel loaded with germs, touching the ash tray, touching the seat, touching whatever, touching somebody's seat. And then they bite their fingernails. Right? Or pick their nose and chew it. Of course there's no germs in your nose because you just breathing the air out there. There's no germs in the air of course. But it's another part of the conditioning. See you've been, you've been brainwashed into believing that somehow there's something dirty about going to the bathroom body elimination. Therefore, must wash those hands. I mean, just get out that lava soap with the pumice in it, man. And just build up a big ladder and wash that baby off. And the hands too. And in the meantime, all the other stuff you do in all day long, you're just the in and day to with germs, but hey, it's, uh, who cares? It's the good germs. Here's Viral Beach on the purple line. Hello. Here you are. Yes sir. This line. What is it? Here's the line. The feet back. Yeah, it's, it's the line. It's the feet. It's the connection. What about him? Unbelievable. Yeah. 49. Where was that Northfield? No, that was that, uh, Delaware. Oh, a little brown jug coming up by now. Yeah. The senior little brown jug. Right. So we're going to get a chance to hear Roger Houston screaming at a few king his guts out. Exactly. Or maybe he can have Jackie Lee if you're letting him. You can say they're approaching the half mile pole. 17 times during the race. Exactly. Right. Well, no, Roger like to say. Now. Oh, and by the way, for that Detroit asshole, I called yesterday. I don't know, uh, this guy that called yesterday. If he's listening, but I'm sure he is this miserable old-fart this red wing fan, which by the way, the panthers made it to the finals. And you didn't Kevin Wallace. They were, uh, had two more, uh, three more winners the other night. Monday at Hazel Park. He's still driving. Jack Riggs went out of his way to talk about how he's smashing every record about he's not only the leading driver, but also got the leading training percentage. He went on a new Elijah's Kevin Wallace for like five minutes on a pass show from Hazel Park last night. So that guy can go back to Detroit and blow it out his rectum. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, what about Gratsky Winskin at the end of the game? What about him? He sucks. Loved it. Yeah, he sucks. Dave Boyne got. Okay, pal. Hey man. As my buddy Dave Pallon at the Meadows. Too bad I got Roger Houston there at the Meadows. Boy, Roger Houston. He is, he's mung on two legs. We have two open line, but again, who's Roger? What's he talking about? See again, I'm talking about stuff that nobody out there because this is a very, you got to be pretty selective, which you talk about in this town. I mean, there's only like three or four categories and once you get beyond those areas. What, what, what language he'd be speaking? I don't know. Let's talk some things that the Haitians are interested in. Like dead chickens. 751 94663. Well, they like a lot. Hey, they know about sanitation. They know about the climate list and washing your hands. They better because they're cooking in all those restaurants. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey, knowledge and education like you. That's what's good. You're all the one that's right. Yeah. Who cares about germs in the forest place? If you have moderation and flexibility, then you can understand the not be extreme and just go along with the program when you have to. And not go along when it's right to stand up. I would encourage you like you. That's what we need. Yeah. Keep it up. But I do not choose to run. So worth because I'm worth it if you did. Because I'm fat and old and can barely walk. Thanks, pal. But you could be a factor. Okay. Thanks. Next factor. Have a great day. Okay. There you go. There's one of my old fart fans. He likes me. And then the other guy who said I wasn't such a bad guy after all, there's two. And my mama, she's still making lunch for me today. She's okay once in a while. So you see, there's a few people out there that's still like the old fart for whatever it is. We have an open line on a green line. 1-800-944. It's pretty sad. It really is. And I think it's partly, I don't know who's fault it is. I'm not going to take any blame for nothing. Okay. But when you got an audience, oh, you can you play the bridgestander. Can we get a shameless request? They feel, can you play? Huh? It'll be on the CD by the TV. Can you play Harvey Weirman again? You know, it gets so stale. So old and it takes stuff that was really great and funny and creative in the first place. And you're buried. You kill it. As opposed to be able to engage you in the fine-out or verbal intercourse. Okay? There's no germs involved in verbal intercourse, especially over the phone. Maybe that's what we got these new phones where you can see the other person. You can also exchange germs. That would be good. Especially during the sex calls. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey John. Great. Talking about the religion. Yeah. With the ballpark and stuff. I'm not an atheist. It's such a sour note with the religion when you hear about what's going over in the other countries or kill on each other over religion. No kidding. Yeah. How can you house that? A good feeling. You know, you're supposed to go to the ballpark and commend not commend but respect it. If they're doing it the ballpark, why? I don't know. I'm waiting for somebody to tell me why. It's not the place to have a religious exercise. It's not the place for it. Yeah. I mean, you want to praise it. And especially on a Sunday, go to church in the morning and say your prayers. Leave the rest of us alone already with this crap. Yeah. I mean, this hoax is pocus. What's the, you know, God bless the referees and bless the coach and the quarterback and bid on our team and it's Danny's birthday and hope that he kicks him ass. Let's get ready to rumble. Get out of here. Sweet heart, go back and sow some nickers. Well, the only thing I want to bring God into is God. Please lower the prices. Exactly. And then lower the volume on that damn scoreboard. My God. And no kidding. It gets any louder in there. You haven't been to a game in a while. I got a satellite in a big screen. So I just said at home. And isn't it great to be able to control your own volume? You don't have to be sitting there in the middle of the, and your ears are, have you ever been in a place where the, with the speakers are so loud that your ears hurt? Yeah. We're working a rock concert. Yeah. Yeah. Well, there, there you go. George was there last night to see kiss. That's what I'm talking about. Your ears hurt. And there's nothing you can do. You're sitting there and it's just ear piercing. It's jattering. Well, I can't understand. This doesn't add to the enjoyment of the game. It makes for misery. Right. Well, I called you a little while ago and I told you, I went to, uh, Marlon's game one day and some guy spilled a whole beard down my back. Yeah. Before the game even started. Well, these two gave you the whole one anyway. Yeah. He wanted me to wear his shirt. It's like, yeah, right. I'd rather go to the bathroom and not wash my hands. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I have a great day. I'm glad he had a good time too. All right. Everybody goes to pro player park at the state. Whatever it is, has a great time. Where is that gerryglitter thing? Is that in here? I'm just going to play that the rest of the day. Bad night. Hey. Bad night. Hey. All day. Over it. Over it. Over again. Which is almost as good as the college football. I noticed one thing they haven't missed a beat. They're still playing the same old stupid marches. Then, oh, I think man this is on the inside of something. There. Burger King has got a spot. Which they were running during the Michigan Colorado football game. And guess what they're playing, what music they're playing. They're playing the University of Michigan fight song. Bad night. Well, how's it going? I don't know how it's got. I forgot how that goes. Every time I start doing one of those, I do the Michigan State fight song. All right. But then at the end, they say eat like a Spartan. Pay like a Wolverine. Or no. Pay like a, pay like a, pay like a, that's what it should say. Pay like a Spartan. Eat like a Wolverine. There's an acute. Not. They're playing the Michigan fight song on a net. This is on national TV on a national Burger King. They can take the University of Michigan and stuff that along with their, uh, with their, what do they got, with their wap or right up their, That's what they can do. Hold the Mayo please. Hold the pickle please. Well, I forgot to play that to you today. Remember that guy wanting to hear that to hold your pickle thing? Okay. 1137, a WIs, E. Here's something that looks like a pickle, but it's not. It's a cigar. 1896, 2427. Put something satisfying in your post from Mike cigars. To protect your amateur status, you'll get no pay for appearing on your world blanket. The IOD amateur hour. Singer tapes. Impress yourself as you humiliate your family. Neal world like it. Sunday night at 11. On news, talk and entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Hey, Casey. I want to give you a talk and entertainment radio. It was talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. She's found. She's lonely. And she's extremely boring. It's the new TV show. The Rose O'Haw boring show. With guests that are sure to put you to sleep. What topics like marriages that last kids who do well in school? And girls who don't get pregnant. The Rose O'Haw boring show is every pressing news show you're sure to enjoy. Give you a sleep. Officer Prince wanted to get his rocks off. Okay, 1143, a WIOD Mickey worked. He's got to be more cuts under the man. I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that in confidentiality have told me how much of an asshole Princess. Yeah. And what the hell just happened to that? That's interesting, huh? Okay, 1143 at WIOD. We have the green lines waiting on you. You'll be done in a few days by the way. Thank God for that. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Juan Jornon, you. Juan Jornon, you go. Hey. Come over. I don't know if you heard this or not. See. A few weeks back, the wife and I were at a comedy club in Davey, I'm a funny guy. Yeah. And the house comedian was a girl and she gets up and does our thing for a little bit and she says, and now a new group that's on the comedy scene, Baba Baba, I guess who on stage Mark Jacobson and Cox. Did you get it? Hello. You have to be. No. You must be. Yes. I'm not. You must be. Please say you're kidding me. I'll tell you what they came up on stage and guess I'm in the second row and I yelled out, wait till Neil hears this. Oh, I want to be got it. He turned around and started laughing. Oh, I'll tell you one thing. If George didn't like driving a camera so much, I would go Apeshot right here on the ear now. I mean, how much money does Mark Jacobson need to make? I mean, this ego thing. It's just like that TV show. He's not doing it because it's a big money maker. He's doing it because he really fancies himself as Johnny Carson Jr. Oh, it was I'm not that I dislike or like them. Right, but they're. Post-is ed if. Oh, my God. They did their routine. They got as little laughs as you could possibly. They were up about 10 minutes and left. You heard a hearty clap in the audience and off they went. Oh, God. Oh. Great. That's it. I'm going to check in just in case they're there again. Yeah. Yeah, keep me posted. That's it, bro. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Thanks. See. Hey, look, I don't come from a place where somebody says, my, I'm going to walk away. Okay. I don't know. Maybe you're from a different planet. I want to give you a kiss. 11.45. We have an open line in Broward. 5.29. 46.35. 24.00 WOD. And two on the green lines. We've had a fantastic response. We've had 4200 people calling it. They who promised that they will never stand up again to remain vocation. They want to be part of this new movement to try to remove religion from football and other places where it is totally inappropriate on one and especially when you got to pay to go in. We've had 42,000 people. We have had 178,000 people. All of whom were there on Sunday. Here's ghouls. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. 178,000 and one. Yeah. All right. The little report that I, I talked you last week about the, theackin's right in the blood Yeah. Well, the colesterol was 261 when I started around six months. I wasn't on theackin's then, but I had my blood done. 225. Now four weeks. Great. Fantastic. Everything is down. Include my track. Listen. To what? No, it's everything is normal. He was real happy with it. Beautiful. And it's just on to take a little bit of niosen, like 1,500 milligrams. Yeah. And that would be the colesterol down a little lower. Nice. And we'll do it. Of course, when you take niosen, you get a little flush. Well, let's go to. Yeah. When you're on theackin, you don't get that flush. That's right. It's good. It's nice to hear the sound of the flush on theackins, because it doesn't happen to often. Yeah. But everything else is working great and keep the prayer out of the ball parcs and out of the school. Two. Amen. Amen. God bless you, my child. Keep it up. Okay. See another great report on theackin. Well, a lot of you are tired here and about especially all you skinny people to you. But boy, it should be the biggest thing in America today. And yet, you know, which was the bigger seller. And I should have gladi-e already called, at least he can't call back. The zone by Dr. Barry Sears or whatever. Barry, the fairy, whatever he is. The zone in hardcover. Was for weeks and weeks there on a best seller's outselling. The paperback and kids diet book, which I don't get it. I just don't understand it because the zone thing. I mean, to follow that, you got to get your caliper as practically and measure the body fat. You got to have this number. And you got to multiply times this and then divide by 16 and subtract your dogs birthday on and on. And it's just not a practical thing for most anybody. In addition to which it does not address a lot of these other issues about like blood sugar, et cetera. But hey, what do I know, right? We have an open line. I sure do like to a Snickers ice cream cone bars, though. Whatever those things are, the cones, not the bars, the frozen sticker bars, but the cones. And I got to stop eating those. All the mobile stations happen by the way, and also Walgreens up there in a corner of sunrise and not real. What do you laugh in a vibe? I can't. I remember the thing with the drumsticks was gave me ticker bells policy for a few days. And I'm sure that's what did it because I was eating those like six at a time. I just went crazy with those. And now I'm sneaking the same thing with the Snickers. Cones. Atticked. Yes. That's right. No, I mean, because I want to be fat. To go back to Rick, you know something Rick, some days you deserve a two to two. And it looks great on you. It covers up that three posts. But anyway, no, seriously, I'm such a sugar addict. It's just, and not just a sugar addict, but even things like that have neutral sweet. Like those, the popsicles that it like are made with neutral sweet, but only have three grams of carb in each one. If I eat one, there's like 12 in a box. I'll eat all 12. I just want to go back to the chocolate. And the funcicles too, that in those have like eights. And there would neutral sweet, but it's the sweet taste. It's addictive. It's addictive. It's a killer baby. And all you sugar cane people, let me say it again. I say a hundred dollar tax on an ounce of sugar. That's what I say. They're finally clamping down on cigarettes. Well, let's get to the real heart of the matter. Okay. And I do mean the heart of the matter. Let's get to America's number one killer. Azul car, baby, sugar. It's a killer. I'm declaring war on sugar right now. And I say at the next game instead of that stupid invocation and having some Getski out there, we got a dig up what's his name, Bill Duffy, or Gloria Swanson, or put both their bodies out there and let them do a little sermon for a minute about the evils of sugar. So we can go running back inside and get themselves a nice big syrupy coke with sugar. Or one of those arrepa's that arrepa queen I got in there. They got what? You don't like those? You had one of those the other day. You don't like those? With the cheese in them? I like the cheese part but the corn meal. Oh yeah, bad for you too, by the way. Corn. Oh man. I mean, there are a lot of people out there that like to especially Mexicans. And if you're on the ackeens, corn is not allowed but keep in mind one thing. And I'll make you sh**. Exactly. And then you can go through the kernels. It's 1150 a W.I. I.O.D. Radio stations like to show off their awards for you. But only one radio station wins the award from the only judges who count. You listen. Oh. Not the mind. Number one. You was talking entertainment radio. 16. W.I.O.D. 1153 a W.I.D. Guess Henry will be invited back to Joe to a pro of Philactic Park after what he said. Do you have to have time on Sunday? My fantasy is I'll get my car from your zepron on. And I'll come my her and go downtown. You also said that. Some new potato chips cause ain't got any fat. But now we're after I ate them. In the jama set, I knew they had some side of things. But I thought I'd take a chance. But right after us, followed them, I felt my colon dance. And oh, let's try my balance we get to see. And I'll be in the chaos squatting with my pants around my knees. And oh, let's try our fratus knees. Because it might feel something disgusting running down my knees. Well, I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag. And I'll be in the vicious one, the clerk gave me your rag. So with you, we can don't be surprised if your belly hurts. And in about an hour, you'll have the your list of scores. And oh, let's try my balance we get to see. Oh, I'm in the chaos squatting with my pants around my knees. And oh, let's try our fratus knees. Because I might feel something disgusting running down my knees. 1155 at WOD. We have two open lines in date, 751. We have no women on a phone today at all. Not one. And of course, like I said, they're looking to research. We don't have any out there. So let's hear from some Chinese guys today. Let's hear from some Mongolian idiots. Let's hear from some japs. Let's hear from some Turks. Let's hear from some Arabs out there today. Come on. Let's go 751, 9463. Let's hear from some Hispanic women that don't want free Louise Miguel tickets. Here's the foreloader deal. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Kevin Wallace first should be breaking records going against Vince Copeland and John Moody and Jeff James. Meaning what? And padded with meaning what? Means he's hadn't showed his better than those guys. They got a pretty good driver core and mission. I hate to break the news to you. I want some of those races there. Just awful. I'm not coming those guys. Meaning what? Meaning they don't pull when they should pull. Oh, here we go. You sound like the guy from Detroit. Now they're crybaby. Let me say it again. Joe Mars Junior came out of Detroit. Your shoulder came out of Detroit. Chris boring from Detroit. I mean, some of the time, while he Mac on Murray senior. Did I have a Detroit boring there, sooner? That's Chris boring son. He couldn't drive his finger up. You're a wrecked him. That's an idea in quotes. I can't forget the impact. Thank God. Because I bet the game and. Oh, and your plan for. I figure a can hurt. And yeah, I can go. At least here's an honest guy anyway. Yeah, go book books from shots on you. What are you away? Oh, while I was while I was away. Yeah. While I was away. What about the guy? Yeah, he said the WILZ is a fake ship station. Oh, he's my. He's that's old. That's an old life been saying that for like 10 years. Yeah, and he. He's one of your lines. He said he had lunch here today. Now he's got the green apple quick. Huh. Where do you think he gets his material? Hi, I heard that before some way. Yeah. And yesterday. Thank you. About his original is a fart. And yes, he's made his. He's not. He does not like hockey. He was talking about the cable company that doesn't have sports channels. So that people complaining with the T.C. Yeah. And he said that they ever be right. Not show it. I think they have the other cable system or the other. On sunshine. Right. And so they're in competition. And why should they show? Because they're supposed to be serving the customers. Not because they're supposed to be protecting their own self-interest. Well, but again, because he's not interested in a guarantee if it was some damn thing. If it was a horse racer, something they weren't showing. He'd be filming at the mouth. I know that. And the funny thing about is if the pants is one to the Stanley Cup, he'd be the first one on the Panwagon. Just like last year, he'd be sitting there right in front of the arena with his fan ass parked right outside there, pretending and talking about stuffy has no clue about it. I'm not going to repeat anything that was said to me that they other than Robby Needham. I said that Joe DeZagaki shaved his eyebrows off. But I'm going to tell you, the players, everybody associated with that team knows that the people at QAM. And I'm not talking about Chris Moore because he does the games. But I'm talking about the so-called sports experts on QAM. Everybody associated with that team knows that none of those people know anything about hockey, including Joe Rose, including the homster, including Zagaki and Shapiro. Not they don't have anybody on a station that knows anything about hockey and everybody knows that. And then we'll see. And let me tell you again, because that came up during the conversation at dinner time, I can't even begin to put in the words how a mortified he is by how stupid all that crap is. He's helping his answers. He's uncomfortable. And he knows that the reason that that keeps coming up a conversation is because Gaptooth doesn't know anything about hockey, so it's a lot easier to try to make stupid jokes. Yeah, it's easy. And believe me, if you met Robby Needham or you know he don't need any help from Joe Rose Getting late. Trust me what I tell you. Okay. Okay, I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll go to MGM this week. All right. Punch your guts. Okay. Okay, we have an open line of day, 751 Vince Copeland, after it's a very good driver. It was John Moody and so is Jeff James. I mean, this poor guy must have lost a few bets, but hey, I know my driver's man. I know Dave Pellong when I see him. 5249463 in open line and proud. That's one way to kill a phone start talking harness racing, which is said, but like I said, is this, what is that? What is that? The buggy stuff, but that's the guys with the buggys yet, it's the buggy stuff. By the way, congratulations to Gary Sybel again. I better keep saying that so we make sure we're okay. Here's for a lot of day along the purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. We were the guys that visited with you before the game from the other side in the sun. Yeah. I think you got sunburns from all the white people bouncing the rays off to your side to the field. That must be it. But it sure was refreshing being the middle of so many white people, too, but they're also ugly. Well, that's the problem with, in that particular area, there's not very many young, healthy looking women or men for that. Right. Very smarty crowd. It is. We've been doing that for the last couple of years with the invocation, where we either don't get up or leave our hats on or we make jokes even even when there's a rabbi up there. Great. Because we make jokes when they go, you know, blessed this and blessed that and then the name of our father. Yeah. But I always get up in the yellow Cox of the hoists when they do that. I always show all that other stuff. We agree and we've been doing that and I think everybody in the stadium should just basically turn around and moon. Then let's give me the idea. Just give me the idea. Fat rich promises he's going to be mooning the crowd when they do the invocation. Excellent idea. Him and Carl the shutter man. Okay. That was the other guy with the beer. Got to go. Have an unhappy young kipper. Thank you. Okay. And back at you. If you're a refrigerator talks to following Phil Henry W.I.O.D. Miami Forta Latter Day. I want to talk to you on the radio. 610 W.I.O.D. Good. Really cloudy with the chance of showers and thunderstorms. High around 95 degrees 88 right now next news update. Wanna come. Excuse me. That's okay. Bulletin said once. I'm Jennifer Ram news talk and entertainment radio 610 W.I.O.D. This is right, bro. If you see narrator with the hockey news, they don't come any better than the old Raj. Here's the deal. If you can leave the DJ who's on coast 97.3FM right now. We'll play another extra long 25-minute song set in media. Hey, you're right. It's Johnny Dole. Good. Some warmest shirts. 97.3FM. The best of the 70's 80's in today with less talk. Hi. Hi. I'm Johnny. Five years still. You know when you replace David P.S. sports and you go down. That tells you all you need to know. Oh. Yeah. Three points. Oh. Yes. One point. Oh. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Raton. One. One. One. Oh that's it that's the end that's what you think surprise Alright, here we go. Oh, I'm cute. Come on It's the pre-fab 90s sports audience baby here we go Break it up louder man louder Hey Oh Yo Oh Oh Much just like those great old RCA boards. They don't make them like they used to Boy Okay, kill it. Jesus God almighty prefab everything is prefab everything here's the big thing on a scoreboard noise Let's make some noise. I'm right. Okay Boy boy. Oh boy We have an open line in the blue line in Broward 5249463524Wild Here's sweet water. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir You mentioned something one hours on hold about Rick's furry pussy I got by his house one day and wave dead and while he was out screwing around on the yard Here's seen that man's back. No, I have not thank God. Oh, don't do this in the middle of lunch hour It's good. I would imagine all right anyway, and it's back to Yeah Yeah Why do you do that every time oh my let's go wasn't that good? As far as lying to the dish company right I live on sweet water. Oh, you can't pick up anything Except maybe a bad case of the crabs or something. Oh, yeah, no, no, no, they they would not give me the What he didn't just into a good enough job of lying. Yes, I did I finally told him it was going to any four digit number On Avenue and four minus nine of us, yeah Which my girlfriend owns the house right and did that we did that did that do it? Yes, all right. I get everything like I said you got a lie. I didn't tell you which lie to tell whichever one that works I got a better deal on the sports packages Everything I read better deal on everything right midwest in a middle of nowhere Fantastic, and that's our new deal now that's our motto would paste a lie As far as that's why we call it W-Lio D. Yes As far as party paranoia. Yeah, I have an uncle that To ice month once month goes and buys plastic garbage bags He always has two or three with him in case he has to use a public restroom a plastic garbage bag for the seat Yes, he cuts a hole in it Besides you've got a little template Did he use Why does he just pull off by the side of the road and do a number in the bag for crying out loud save all the extra effort? And then when he laid the stall He insists on flushing the stall Or that they're come out But it's foot oh, yeah, he won't touch it right right right I'm not sure of course when he do it with the bottom of your dirty shoe that makes it that much more sanitary from the export bastard that does it with this hand And the clutches of two yeah Naya one more thing you were talking about the access and parking it P-P P-P please yeah, whatever I've been to Yeah, you can do it come on Yes, I've been to Canton yards. I've been tiger stadium. Yeah, there's no problem getting out of that place Right you don't have to work for a quarter They're never used to be any problem getting out of this place either until Wayne bought this stadium and now it's like a nightmare You can't get out of there to save your life. You can just can't do it I gave I'd rather pay five bucks on the turn pack at least get out of there You know and quadruple at all, but at least let me get home right or right here. I said In the second row