This station stands for nothing. So we're short radio ever heard in my life with NWOD. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Yes! T.B. has got a lady named Kathy Lee. Everybody thinks that she is squeaky clean. I'm gonna go and cover now and be a big. Kathy's just a snob that thinks it's a snob that's a snob thing. And now she says she's gonna open leave her shop. Well baby, just pack up for your thing. You go, go, go. Go, Kathy, go. Don't do the shows, no. Please go, Kathy, go, go. Just go, Kathy, go. You ain't that good. Because she says the television is a big way to land. But I'm talking about you kids and you don't have to spend. Don't care, me old friend, is a love machine. You said I want more time and baby I'm gonna scream. Monday night football, he's just good at dead, dead, dead. And much going on a little phrase, head goes, go. Go, Kathy, go, go. Let reach to the show, no. Just go, Kathy, go, go. Go, Kathy, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, Kathy, go, go. 1106 at W.Y.O.T. We're only 24 minutes away from T-Day, baby. I guarantee that everybody in the business is gathered around her radio right now. They got the speaker cranked up so loud that it's just about giving them those goddamn good vibrations that they're not getting from their drugs this morning. Because all the booze and all the pills won't do it on ratings day. Okay. We've got a cranked radio up and wait for Neil to give those numbers out. Oh, man, it's going to be ugly. It's going to be a disaster. It's going to be incredible. And Neil won't like it. That's what our PD says. If it's not good, it's because Neil don't like it. Here's Cooper City, hello. You son of a bitch. No, that's good. That's worth waiting 45 minutes on air for that was really good, pal. That's that asshole again. Two open lines in Broward. Here's the guy, here's the, I want you to stop and think about this. Here's a Julio up there. Wherever to hell he is who listens to the show every single day, who has no evidently no life. Nothing to do. And so his idea of calling the show is either to start calling and swearing and curing on or to repeat some little line like a little Julio pericete because he's gotten on the original idea in his mind. So thank God. I deserve like 50 bucks. Oh, and a mail just started coming in by the way. Just went through our first batch of mail today and guess how many checks we got. Oh, it's at zero. Zippity dude, I'm not a you would have thought yesterday after that. You would have thought yesterday after my impassioned plea that they would be running out rushing out to get their checkbook and pop in those 20 dollar checks in the mail to get us over 150,000 dollar total for 101. And say thank you so much Neil. We love you and certainly your show is worth a dollar a year for 20 years. A buck a year. That's a pretty good deal. Two open lines in Broward. Five two four nine four six three two on a green lines. One eight hundred nine four four Wild. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Miami Beach. Yes sir. Okay, speaking hey God bless those customs agents. But I think you should get a big bump in salary just because you can speak English. Yeah. That's another thing. So you start with the bilingual thing. You're already serious that what you want to start about. I heard Rick talking about that you want to start a hockey to try to with this bilingual business, which is the only kind of thing people want to talk about in this town. Now let's go back to the traveling. Yeah. Okay. This is the place not to visit. You can't live here and you don't have a choice but to visit it all the time. But as far as bubbling over toilet, this could be it. We have an open line of dates seven five one Wild. We got to in Broward five two four nine four six three and two on a green lines one eight hundred nine four four. Oh God. It's bad. Hi. Are you afraid of going to hell and burning forever? Are you afraid that you committed too many sins and that you will be turned away from the face of God? Not mine. If you listen to the film Henry show five days a week. Two to six in the afternoon on six ten Wild. It won't happen. Phil Henry two to six TM on news talking entertainment radio six ten Wild. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. 11 16 a Wild. Just reading in kings you see because I have a red this crap in many many years and it's just you don't know what the laugh or cry when you read this stuff. A wise ruling about the two prostitutes who came to the king. Did you read that? Have you ever read that thing about the two hookers? So anyway, it just seems to be an awful lot of beginning and begotting and prostitutes and all the other and of course the pillar assault and all this stuff and Sodom and Gamora and the snore. And let's do the hand maiden. Yeah. Well, you first. Okay. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Listen, I was in the bathroom and I was thinking a crap and I was why I'd be my ass and I decided to collect. We have an open line in Broward five two four nine four six three and what on the green line? One eight hundred nine four four. Here's for a lot of day on the purple line. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I just wonder if anybody told you about sports talk that Monday night. About what? They actually had Doug McLean on. Yeah. Did you know that? No I did not. It was a shocker to turn the radio on the sports talk and that you're a football. Well that's funny because I was driving out of the game last night. I was listening to Hank and D.F. Which in back and forth hoping to hear something about hockey and I did not. I was talking about basketball and football and about this Hernandez kid. Now we ought to have all Cuban players on the Marlins and nothing about the hockey game. It was coming up that I was on my way to see. It was like the 26 to 6 30 managed and chef were. They were having a phone interview with him. Yeah. It's pretty good. It was a nice change. Uh huh. All right. He'll deal with it. What did manage have to say to Doug McLean? I asked him a couple good questions about the players and what's happening. And you know how being on a long road trip like that and you know coming back and all that. It was pretty good. Let me ask you how many games have managed in the D.F. See in the season. So now. Uh huh. Do you want the answer? Oh. That's what I was going to get. Oh. That's it. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See it's good to have the coach on and start at least giving a little you know. You know, plug for hockey and the fact we had the game last night. That's good. But if you would actually go see a game and have some idea what it's all about then you're starting to move in the right direction as opposed to that little numb nuts over there on QAM. Who in the morning, you know, goes to the game and sits up in a sky box up there with his buddies and smooths with everybody while the game is going on and comes on to your next day to tell us what a great game Eddie Jovenowski played who gave the puck away about three times including a break away in nearly us, you know. And was also out there any ice by the way in the last 30 seconds while the bees are got it screwed out of his shutout. And did not play really that well last night, but hey, we got some knowledgeable people down here. I wonder what what does it say in the chronicles about the hockey game. Here's Palm Springs, North. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you happen to listen to that to the show last night would feel and Reverend Paul? Yes, I did. I heard it on the way to the game. That guy was incredible. What guy? Uh, Reverend Paul wasn't he? Yeah. I mean, he acted like he was some kind of a god. Reverend Paul? Yes. And I just can't believe they could have someone on the show like. So in other words, you believe there is such a person's Reverend Paul. Is that what you're saying to me? You're as dumb as those people that were calling and being all said about what he was saying. In other words, you believe there is such a person as that man that was you heard the voice you heard on the phone. Is that what you're telling me? The guy that was on the station last night. I got that was on with Phil last night. You believe the one that started hick up and crying and boozing and whatever else he was doing. You believe that there was such a person as that was your saying sir. No, the guy that was talking the pasture. The pasture? Yes. I think you want to see greener pastures, pal. Because you're a moron. How do you like that? All I had to do was start reading a little from the Bible here and he's talking about this pasture that was on with Phil last night. The pasture. This guy's grazing for information is what he's doing. Oh, Phil, Henry, I'll tell you one thing my friend, my genius of a friend which he is. We will never run out of a tierle in this town. They manufacture morons. They got a plant somewhere. They got a gigantic plant in sweet water and it's like stamp and I've got them up pennies at the mid at the US mid. They just stamp them out by the million. Morons. Idiots. Oh, God, almighty help us. Please, somebody throw us that rubber wrap before it's too late. He's upset about the pasture that was on last night saying all those things. Incredible. Incredible. Use talk at entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D-K-O-L-C-O. Here's unacceptable sacrifices by the way from Leviticus. The Lord said the Moses speak to Aaron and his sons and all the Israelites and say to them, I want you to follow this because a lot of you aren't paying any attention. If any of you either in Israelite or in alien living in Israel, is that illegal alien? Presents a gift for a burnt offering to the Lord. Either the whole Phil of power or as a free will offering. You must present a male without defect from the cattle sheep or goats in order that they may be accepted on your behalf. Now I understand the people in Lutus have been reading their Bible. That's why they're so close with their sheep and their goats in their cattle. Do not bring anything with a defect because it will not be accepted on your behalf. When any offering to the Lord to fulfill a special power or this is the best part or as a free will offer, it must be without defect or blemish as to be acceptable. Do not offer to the Lord to blind the injured or the maimed. Or anything with warts or festering or running sores. I guess that leaves Wartman out. Nothing with warts or running sores. Even if you bring them like a little hunchback, it has to be the most perfect hunchback that you can find. And a male. Oh and a male of course because we don't want to sacrifice no women or children. Well that comes later. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What's up man? I'm a new listener. I mean I listen to Phil for like a year but I'm just home early this week so I've been listening to your great man. I'm a good Jewish boy and I'm just like you. You know. Yeah. Boy. At least this guy is clean anyway. He circumcised George. He's not walking around with his own. He's not walking around with his own. He's not walking around with his own. Even the Lord in here says he tells people he's going to have to cut off that disgusting elephant trunk. You know I wanted to ask you something. That was a deal for land. Yes sir. I wanted to ask you something about the adkins diet. All right. Yeah. Did you have to read that whole. Got damn book. No. You don't. Just read pages 79 and 80s. I don't know. I want to ask you one more. But I'm going to say it again anybody that doesn't talk to a doctor that's got like any kind of a problem. That woman that sent me that pathetic facts. You know. I'm a strong healthy you know. Okay. You're old male. Whatever you say. Well come on over that. You know the that thing you've been saying about those checks. Yeah. What are those four. The checks. What are they for? Is that for center one. That's right. Okay. Because I bought skills CD yesterday. Right. And I just thought it was a little expensive. But I didn't know it was for a good. That's a little expensive. Okay. Okay. The fact feels at 20 bucks full CD is like the greatest bargain in history. That's true. It's so funny. I wasn't too last night. Of course I noticed you didn't buy my no. I'm going to buy. No, that's okay. I don't take those things personally. I'm going to buy you the best. What's the steracle? It's it's funny. I have your tape from last year. Why so okay. That's good. Friend. Yeah. And I'm going to go by yours. Please. Do it today. Why do you got all this time on your hands. I'm going to cash you know. All right. And happy for him to your pal. Bye bye. Have a great life. Andy's walking around here with a real psychotic look on his face. We have an open line day there. They come and down here. Are they downloading or what? Haven't seen him yet. But those numbers. Well, let's start reading from numbers. Thank God for left his Bible. I still got my bar mitzvah Bible somewhere in the house. I'm going to dig that thing up. And inside that Bible, I told this to food yesterday. It's a true story. Inside the Bible, I have saved four. Let's see. How many years is it? 16 years now. 1980. The Casper, the General Manager at WNWS received a letter from Archbishop McCarthy of the Miami Catholic Archdiocese who be seats him, not to renew Neil Rogers contract because he is so sacrilegious and disgusting and violent vulgar etc. And so on at which point we saw a new deal. How do you like that? Here's the Archbishop of Miami trying to bring pressure on my boss. Don't be high around because he knocks the church and what he tells us to painful because it's true. And in addition to which a lot of these closeted priests are getting real nervous. And it's muslim on their time and their action. So I think I'm going to have to dig out my own personal Bible. Because I got like, see, one thing I did do, I didn't tear that one up out. I have a lot of stuff marked in there in ink. Like different really interesting passages. So I don't have to waste my time like I am today going through this kind of pristine look in the Bible. Nice one at Phil's God. Here's Daniel B. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I think that, well, I don't think but who do you think between Shane Thomas and Joe Zagaki who has a tighter vagina? We have an open line in Broward 5249463, 524WOD, something we'll probably have to think about for a while. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Can't hear you. Can't hear you at all. Can't hear you at all. Yes? Can you hear me now? Yes. All right. That's why I got a little report on the beautiful traffic down here. Can you hear me? That's good. I don't know. I'm going to have to go to the hospital. I'll pay a hospital pay phone. Take it into a intensive care immediately. Palette needs surgery. Actually, I'm going to be going up there soon. Yeah. Listen, that's some down in the hospital in this row. Time to come. So where do you get out? The wheeling, I get your husband and the wheelchair. It's a car. You want to have a ticket to passenger door. That it's in the passenger side. No. You get to go out of the car. Can't understand where do you say it? There's another good. Sorry I had to cut you off pal, but I'm sure you had a great story. Well, maybe not. But can't understand if freaking word you're saying. Another pay phone, like I said, there's one of the biggest scams going. Is anybody good in doing anything about it? No. Put your quarter in now. That'll give you about 30 seconds worth of conversation. I'm sorry. But you're a corner. You know, the operator comes out with that stupid message. You got to keep popping quarters in there. Like, over the goddamn video arcade and you're about halfway through the movie. Oh, sorry. No more change. And all of a sudden, you don't even feel the change. No more. You know what I'm saying? Let's go to a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Here you loud and clear. Hi, Neil. This is Mike. Your buddy from the hockey game. Few rows below you there. Yeah. I just, I didn't know if you addressed this issue. I just turned John this morning. But I just want to say the worst part about what I feel is a lack of fan support and enthusiasm over the Panthers. It's the worst part about it in three months when they're in the playoffs. You're going to see all these jackasses jumping on the vanway. Right. And you might even see clowns like Mandage and D-fo and some of these other sports guys who are never can't been in three years to one single game. All of a sudden they'll be starting to show up because they're going to be covering the playoffs. And they'll protect like they know something about it like they really care. And they're going to be experts on it too. And maybe even fat hank. Anyway, just wanted to throw in my two bits. Have a good day. Okay. Alright, folks. We have an open line in Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. But the people are very setting their ways. They're recalcitrant. They don't like trying new things. They're not even into like pregos spaghetti sauce because they don't like trying new things. Okay. They like that generic stuff that comes out of a big can. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's happening there? Not much. Good. I was at the game last night. Yeah. Strong game. But he shouldn't have gave that one up. How about the fact that team shouldn't have been standing around like they were in a coma last minute and a half and blow in a shutout form. How about that? That's true. It's happened many times. They stood around there and I kept saying, what is going on here? They're going to blow the shutout. You could smell it coming from a mile away. Sure. Hey, listen. I'm based on the arena. Right? If the chances were they ever built this one out in sunrise. Yeah. Which I don't think they ever will. Probably not. The attendance with Skyrak. It's a skyrak. It basically may be maybe. Yeah. Do that. The arena to Miami? That's good. No kidding. You just discovered that? I said a bulletin. The arena's not in a good neighborhood. Folks, we just had a call about it. He said it's good. You just got a call. Listen, we're going all the way to play off. I'd say. I would. You're going to the playoffs. You're predicting that like that's you're going out on a limb. No. We got 60 points already. We got 60 points. 83 or four will make the playoffs. We can lay down and close our eyes and make the playoffs now. Yeah. But just like the last guy said, come time to play off. Everyone's going to be out there. Yeah. All the real big fans wait to jump on the bandwagon. Manwitch and you're out of front. Yeah. They'll all be there. Even fat hank will be there looking for a free man with your sandwich. A free hot dog. Exactly. All right. Now see you. He'll be looking for a free weenie. Well maybe do so. Where's the numbers? What is she shaking her head for? Not yet. Not yet. What? It's 1133 in the eastern time zone sweetheart. They were supposed to be coming down at 1130. That's it. Go look. Come on. I know you didn't have a stressful drive to work this morning. You're going to get some pretty soon. If you pay me enough to shut me up, we'll get a smile on her face. Oh, she met a wonderful guy, a guy. Yeah. Try a guy this time. Well, yeah. Those juzbelkia. Especially the ones that are well, I don't want to talk about the engineer like that. We have an open line in the purple line. Pound I would be. We have one on the green line in Palm Beach. 1,800 944 9463. Where are those numbers? Boy, they're sure dragging us out. I know a lot of you out there think I'm holding back. I'm not. I mean, take your pepto bismal right now and also get the mailbox ready and get your guy damn little squeeze bag. It's going to be a real nervous time. I know that the people over at Waxi are listening. My friend Mike Reneary and Henry Barrow and Roger Magdalen and Ron Harrison and Allos Goiam and people from Light Thought probably norm can't who fancy themselves as a broadcaster, which he is not. He's listening right now and everybody else because see, at the other stations generally speaking, they don't tell them what's going on. Especially stations that can't afford to subscribe to Arbitron and don't even have the book. So they don't really get too much information. Although, maybe they get out of the newspaper like a deer to a leader. I wonder how Melissa would gery and that other bitch, how they're doing right now. Maybe Debbie Wilker, right now they call him on a radio. If Howard breaks the fire this time. So see, it's not just me. Howard's lost touch with his audience and Rick and suds have lost touch with theirs. Now I'm losing touch with mine, which I'm looking for right now. And Phil is certainly lost touch with his being the hidden bastard that he is. Although we do know that he is a deep abiding faith in the Lord and Christ. Remember, the guy that they, the guy called and told him that? In fact, that was on the voicemail. The fact that being a real Catholic, the way that Phil is, he has a great faith in, oh, Jesus. Seriously, if you could sell stupidity by the ounce, you could sell this town for like a trillion dollars. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. Yeah, that was pretty good. And he won't be on the air again. Ever, ever, ever again. Because you know, their reach is a point. But you just don't have anything else to do in your life. That's fine later has to be some way to discourage it like just dump it out. When and out dump it out. Because we're tired of your paddier adjerk, you're a schmuck. You are an asshole. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-944-494-663-180944-WildD. Did I mention more of 138 grand for Senator Oneau? That total is creeping up. We keep finding like little checks on the floor on the ground. Little over here, little over there. 138,000 42 bucks. We still have like 14 days, which is two weeks to go to get to our goal of 150 grand. I'm pretty sure we can do it now. And of course, those $20 checks for Senator Oneau. You're going to send it to me. I bet you that mail bag is going to be loaded, baby. Thank you for 20 incredible years on here in Miami. Here's a dollar per year. $20 for that great charity, Senator One, just to say thank you, Neil. I bet to those checks to WIOD Miami 33141, I'm going to be pouring in here every single day from Natalie into the hand-euro. You think so? No? Here's a Jamaica lady. Hello. Wait a minute. Where the hell is she? Hello. Can't hear me. Can I call her? I bet you're parting. My mom's calling him. Can I call her? What do you mean she can't hear you? I have to get her. She's on the patio. She's what? On the patio. She's on the potty. Tap to help. Is this a potty line? Or are you a potty man? I'm making a person that hired me. I'm on. What? I said, yeah. What do you mean you got to call your mom for what? Did she want to talk to me or something? You want to talk to her? What is it? You said no. I don't want to talk to her. Oh, look at the look on her face. Did you look at him? Do you look at it? Yeah. Well, Cheryl's smoking, which can mean one of it. Well, these are 35 to 64. We're starting out with the, Oh, look at that. We got a little nudge here. We got a little nudge. I knew it would come back around. No, you did not. Yes, I did. No, you didn't. Hey, we could only go up. They stopped what? The tremendous response we've had on the phone lately. Based on we couldn't go down. We couldn't go down. We couldn't go down any with this guy at the home here. We couldn't go down. I can't even find the damn thing. So 35 to 64. Arradiol romance. It's another spick book here. 7.8. Arradiol romance is no. Uno. I mean, there. There is so far ahead of the rest of the pack. Maybe the rest of us might start taking Spanish lessons. When is DSM goes comma stuff? Happy or hodeano. Life is second, 5.3. Hot is turned, a third, 5. Oh, these are 35 to 64. In other words, he's here. W AMR. What is that? I don't even know what that is. Do you know what that is? W AMR FM? Huh? Oh, it says, oh, that used to be super cute. They used to be QBA FM. Now it's W AMR. If M&A went up from a 360 to a 49. They're like number four. They're like hovering right under their hot. So in other words, of the first four stations so far, three of them are ethnic. And the other one is slush for dead people. Life. Now, of course, this is 35 to 64. Number five is magic with a 4.9. About static. They had a 5. Another 4.9. Well, let's start looking at the NWild. We went from a 39 to a 4.2. Oh, 35. So we got more old people. Let's start doing topics. Again, we've lost touch with our younger audience. Let's start doing a topics. Oh, Rick Rally, you're out there. Listen right now. Aren't you Rick Hang on tight. I think their bonus is based on 35 to 64 if I'm not mistaken. Hallelujah. Oh, happy day. There is a God. And what I've been saying. Oh, come on 3, 8 to a 4, 3. All the way up to number one, 2, 3, 4, 5. Number five. Just behind. Oh, look at that. What is AMR? Did they also change format? QBA FM or is it still a can't be super cute? Because they took the cue out. What is their format? Floor mat? We don't know. We'll find out. They got a 6.9. They must be doing something heavy duty. Because they used to do crap and other like rocket and roll. Amigos. Radio romance is right. The tide with them. Number one in the morning 6.9. Radio and B is. Look at that. We got all spik stations on here. And the right behind them is the EDR. So of the non-ethnic stations, 8.35. 64 Rick and Sudge. Number one. For the 4.3 35 to 64. Howards down there with a 3.3 course. You know. What can I say? How about midday? Do we dare take a look at this? Uh-oh. From a 5.2 to a 5.8. We got lots of old farts out there. Let's start being nice to the old people. Okay. We love you folks. Just because you got a colossal new bag and you're walking around with the walker. And you're out there driving 10 miles an hour. We love you. Radio romance with a 7.7 and life with a 7.1. The only ones that beat us out, we're all the way up to number 3 with 4 bullets. In 35 to 64 followed by the coast. Followed by a radio AMR app. Somebody, some spik please call us. Tell us. What is it? Line 2. Important information. Okay. Hello. Yes sir. A AMR is doing the same thing as a radio romance. Radio. So we got two radio romances in there. Both kick and ass. Are they playing Luis Miguel? I've got all windows. 13 non-Hispanic L.A. stations headed by K.L.O.S. They're taking our patron to task for over sampling the Spanish format station. Alright. And you know something if the management in this market had a ball, they would do the same thing. So that's the looking you generate 20 second RBR. Okay. That's what I'm going to fix. Thanks. Okay. There's a radio guy. Closer radio guy. Okay. Let's see how about Phil Henry. I bet you know, he's worth Andy. Is Andy's on a floor. He says Phil goes to pieces with these numbers. Andy is hyper ventilating and making gurgling sounds. Well Phil had a little increase there from a 3-4-2-3.8. Oh. But we got the radio romances. The number one and he afternoon and in life in hot and the magic and coast and T.A. T.M. T.M.I.O. Scott Schwartz. What a God. With a 4.7 and the afternoon. They're all listening to class. They're listening to Beethoven and Bach. Can you believe that? And then WXDJ. What is that? That's Russell Wase. There's another one. His piece is a crap. And that is not also an esponial. I think. And then kiss. Oh, kiss. Now what about QAM? Right now how are they doing? 35.64. I haven't seen WQAM anywhere here. Are they still on a year or what? Oh, 1.8 down to 1.6. They're dropping. How can they afford to drop any more? My God. They're going to owe points. And what about renewing? Now this is more Mike's demographic. Let's see how about Waxy because they beg me. Please give us our numbers. I would if you had one, but I don't. All right. Let's go to come on. It's got to be on here somewhere. FTL in the morning. Norm can't a zero. He's got a 0.5. Nice number there. Normie. And this is, no. I'm sorry. This is 35 to 64. We don't have the death plus 10 demo yet. I'm looking. Oh, no. I'm sorry. He's got a 0.9 down from a 1.1. But he don't care. He's making some money. Good luck to you guys. Okay. Congratulations for getting out of here. And how about the sex bitch at 9 35 to 64 is too old for how about the weekend? Oh, the weekend ought to be real interesting now. Let's take a look at the weekend numbers. The weekends are deadly on Wiod where we must have gone through the roof. I can't find this. Well, let's try the night at first. Okay. He went from a 3.8 to a 2.9 at night. Well, that's his old farts. They don't want to hear about sex because they can't do it anymore. They get depressed. How about the weekend? Okay. We're not on the first page. Oh, we got a 2.8. That's with the dolphins. That's with a whole fall book of the dolphins. We went from a 2.5 to a 2.8. So I guess the PD is safe for another book. God, dammit. It's 11. But where's the right was he giving me this one thing? Where's the rest of the stuff? Come on, Cheryl. She brings me the one demo that we probably did good in the rest of the stuff. They just dropped in the toilet and somebody accidentally flushed it. He was talking entertainment radio. 610. W-I-O-D. Okay, 155. W-I-D. What the hell is wrong with the sex bitch at night? I'm actually a lesbian. That could be a problem because she's the only one she went down. Yeah, there he is. But his arms up in here. We got a kiss. We went up. We had a book. But I don't see no 25 to 54 yet. Did those go up to? Were you open up that thing, twirp? And let's hear the other twirps got to say. Did they go up? I said it. That's it. Talk your huge... No, I'm not. You want to see? You'll change your tune real fast, sweetheart. What do you mean? We had a good 25 to 54. Oh, right. Geez, man. How much did we pay the guys off this time, huh? You just know this is bogus. Like I said, we knew we were making a big comeback. We were out here taking office, pulls up, and everything and everybody said. In fact, feel already called in sick. And now we just said he started feeling better. 12 plus we had a nice, if Rick is listing, put away the meltdown. Oh, your job is safe. Bob just said for another month. Okay, 6 to 10 in the year. I'm looking at that. W-Y-O-D 12 plus Rick and suds went from a 2-7 to a 3-point 3. Look at Andy with a big smile on his face. Oh, he finally got a kiss. Okay, we got some wired diaries in here. We made out. All right. Now we're having a party, okay. How is it doing at the morning, 12? Let's see. Howard wants to go on Howard went back up from a 3-5 to a 4-point. Oh, so that'll be a big story. That'll be something new right about, huh? Hello, what's not the 4-point? 4-E had during the summer. And during the midday here, 12 plus from 10 to 3 from a 4-E to a 5-point one. Oh, it's between 10 and 2 we're doing like almost a 6-year here, 12 plus, which is number 3 in a market with a 5-1 and which is right on the heels of life and a radio romance. We can't compete with a slush station and we certainly can't compete with a fixed station, but other than that we're like kicking everybody's ass. All right. Even though we've lost, we've lost touch and contact with the audience on this show. How do you like that? Feel Henry from a 2-8 to a 3-1. Oh, that's a plus. What the sex bitch, what the hell is the problem with that broad and nice? I'm actually a lesbian. I went from a 2-8 to a 2-4. Every a demo I've seen so far here, she went down. She's got it down. And on the weekend, man, I bet you 12 plus with the dolphins in there. We went through the goddamn roof. Didn't we? We went through, huh? We didn't from a 2-point, oh, to a 2-point, oh. Flat with the dolphins, 12 plus. When the dolphins on the weekend, we still got a 2. Those weekends need some help, okay? 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. we got it, okay? We're doing okay. As long as we can keep Gilbert off the air. But other than that, man, the nighttime and the weekend need some serious, serious up. Wait till Jennifer starts doing that show on Sunday night. The Neil will like it, show. Although that's true, you did that Saturday, Jennifer about the air. Well, anyway, that's another story. Thank you for giving you for that. That wasn't your fault that was somebody else's idea. Right, she said yes, it was definitely not my idea, and I'm embarrassed by it. And we'll definitely promise never to do it again. Promise? Oh, you know why the weekend stayed flat because the smoke this show started to lay to be included in here. Wait till that thing starts factory again, baby. We're going to go through the goddamn roof. Oh, look at that will be smoking. Now, how come I'm still waiting for the 25 to 54, which Bob Reans is I was huge. Even though I've lost touch with the audience out there, we've lost contact with the audience. Wait, did you see those numbers in the toilet? Boy, did I suck that guy in? We're sitting here crying the blues. We know we're in the toilet, but the numbers are accurate. They're all at the concept, there's too many holios with diaries out there. Getting five bucks for it at the diaries and too many black people too. Like I said, our holios, if they would be honest and put down that they're listening to the station, especially the show, we'd have a 15-year if they'd stop lying through their teeth. Guess what? We'll tell Mama Cita and Papasita that you really are straight. You just got confused. It was just a little bit of confusion, okay? You're not a bunch of facts just because you're listening to the show, okay? No matter what it comes in your family. That's what Steve Ziggler just said. He said, straightened out all those spicks. I'm working on it, Steve. But anyway, so we like, you know, worry about what it's all about. I mean, you should be upset enough that I said that Larry Ziggler was Larry Ziggler. You should be still pissed off about that. That was the workshop. I could say anything. Nothing would be a low blow like that. I'll tell you one thing. I could say that this man just stole $2 million from Cox Broadcasting and that wouldn't even be as bad of a shot. No. Still the only radio station that doesn't suck a little bit. Wait, why? My enemy for the letter is. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. It pays to be by. Good afternoon at 12 o'clock. This is Jennifer Ren. News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD. Right now 76 degrees next week. News update one o'clock. But let's not. I'm Jennifer Ren. News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD. You know, I hate to do this Jennifer, but this year I'll just came in here. I'm going to tell the whole real story about what happened this weekend because you're holding back on the 25 to 54s, which you know is the only one that we care about Georgia and I look at 18 to 34. We got through the roof like FM numbers. We got a 5.0 between 10 and 3. A 5.0 18 to 34. That's like an FM number. How do you like that? I'm going to tell that story because anything that you're going to say you're just making up. No, I'm not. Right. What was its name? Dennis? Not my Dennis. Not Dennis from the hockey game. I wouldn't touch you sweetheart. No. Too young for you. Just right for me. Touch her before you'll touch you. Want a bet? Yeah. He don't show up here with his knees bare like he does at the hockey game. He can't touch it. Anybody except his lovely girlfriend. Okay. Don't mess it on Dennis's life. 25 to 44. How's that toys for Goi? I'm sure doing. Oh, sorry Steven. Oh, look at that. Zero. No, it's just a joke. Just a little joke. And now you know that he's made the big time. Now that David Gravy line is going head to head with him on the light bulb. Did you know that? You really got a tough competitor there. How the light bulb do by the way? By the way, those have you on the phone just relax. Okay. I'll get to one of these days. We're having a party here. Everybody is so goddamn excited. We finally got a kiss. We got some wired books here. I mean, we did great. The PD says, see it's those goddamn promos. 25 to four to two a 44. Now let's see how it must have a 75. Here. 6.9. Same as the summer book. Good. But not the. He's behind hot and he's behind a radio AMR. What is that? What do they call that? Wamor radio. Just what we need is another slush, big stage in his town. We got a banner was consulting that station. Tanner. Oh, let's see how they do in the real young demographics. Oh, sorry Bill. Just a joke. It's just a little joke for crying out loud. Oh, look at that. Teens their big. And for preteen. Prepubescent. Come on, Tanner. Come back to town. Man, we miss you sweetheart. And so it all is guys. So anyway, big with a 6.9 and in the morning 25 to 44. What? And Rick and so 3.1. Uh-oh. Three, two, two, three. Well, but 25 to 44 is a bizarre demo. That's just a strange issue. You see, we're going to bring that thing in here or what? Look at that 25 to 44 in midday. 3.9 to a 5.5. Oh, my God. That means we're doing over a 6 from 10 to 2. Over a 6, George. How about we make that to bonus? 3 to 7. Phil Henry 25 to 44. It's 2.9 to a 3.6. Like up 7.10 to a point. The only problem we got there's something there at night. You know what I'm saying? We can't put our finger on, but a lot of guys would like to. Yes. Yes. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life was on WOD. So anyway, he didn't get a diary though. See, that's the good part. Larry don't get no diary, okay? Because they don't send out diaries to little old slumails with suspenders and a hunchback. They don't send them out diaries. You know what I'm saying? So anyway, how about did he do? Is there any demo at all? I mean, you can find here for the night time, bitch. Because she does have a great ass. Look at those weekends, boy. We spell it here at WOD. It's the only place in America. We spell weekend with an A. We make it into a Canadian deal. So anyway, we're still waiting on a 25 to 54. If she'll ever bring those in here. There's a lady in four-laterdale who's sick and tired of all these numbers. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Did you really sunset? Well, yesterday letters to the editor. I glanced at those every day to see if there's anything that's going to piss me off. But I don't recall anything particularly. Well, before we read it. It was yesterday to one about the idiot from Broward about the guys with the hockey sticks. Yes. Yes. I did see that. I am insulted. I haven't had prosthetic. And I think ignorance is really rampant here in Fort Latterdale. I'm reading in Psalm 6822. It says, idiots who write stupid letters about hockey from Broward will burn in hell, eternally. That's what it says right here. I just had to call and talk to you about this. It had me so upset for two days here. Yeah. He don't want a bunch of guys with no teeth with bang and hockey sticks around. This guy wouldn't know a hockey puck if you slam it up his bubble. Let's try it anyway. Exactly. What a jerk. And that's the kind of great letters the Sun Sentinel puts in there. Okay. That's the guy I'm sure they didn't get any other letters. That's the kind of garbage they put in there because they're so positive. Well, do you know what it says? Broward Hicks don't like hockey. So that says it'll rip there. Yeah. Speak for himself. That's it. Thanks, Neil. Okay. See you. I say high stick to the heck. What do you say to that? Oh. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. We have a lot of people who are in the middle of the night. But the 18 to 34, how do you like that? This audience is getting younger and younger and younger. We got some living and breathing people out there. How do you like that? And if the Julios would just come out of the woodworking instead of that one nut case up there, then we did that. Actually have a book. We'd be a we'd be kicking ass with everybody. And you know what it is that they like the most. It's those goddamn promos. That's what they like the most. I'm telling you. No, they like the contest. And the contest. Oh, I forgot. Oh, no, this is the book where we finally cut it out. It's 11 past known at W.I.O.D. All happy day. The Edwin Hawkins singers are singing. We got a kiss, baby. That's for us here at W.I.D. We've lost touch with the audience. But they love us at Beltsville, Maryland, Arbitron. And we got some good luck. Okay. Sooner later, good things come to those who are managed by a Jew. Not only do we have faith on challenge. We have the startling confession of O.J. Simpson to Mercury Morris on the third of the morning show. Yes, along with my night of love in Venice arms, a gay bombshell. His bare-doll about Vanillite, the woman who wants to ask me out. She asked me out. He's right. I didn't know that. Yes, she says, Rick, would you get out? Rick and said, six to 10 a.m. on the news, target entertainment radio. Six ten W.I.O.D. What's the question? I will give it. What's the question? I will give it to you. During his trial, O.J. Simpson desperately wanted to tell his story without being bothered by a little something called cross examination. I would not could not, and did not commit these crimes. Well, now, O.J. has finally found a way to come clean. A way that doesn't bother with ethics or common sense and can make a fucking the process. And if you order now, you'll receive this video with O.J. True Story. Coming soon to a TV near you. O.J. Simpson's Miss Informer Show. Could you tell the vacuum video to? Oh, sure thing. It's me sitting in my backyard, so nobody could be yelling things like murder or at me. Trying to worm my way back into the hearts of America. Sounds good. Let's give a listen. Oh, and I was prosecuted as a hospital woman who changes her hairstyle. It would be telling the truth. Hard hitting stuff, O.J. You bet, baby. And if you watch my Miss Informer Show, full up 29.95 for my video now. O.J. Simpson's Miss Informer Show. If you were baffled by the burning, Winkle, you try to figure out why anyone will buy this. So anyway, 1215 at W.I.O.D. Rick Riley is so excited about these numbers. I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive. Oh, bet, especially in the morning. But anyway, look at that six to 10 a.m. MN 25 to 54. We did not have the overall, like they're doing this piece meal and she'll keep making up stories. Cause they're trying to figure out if we made the bonus or not. And then if we did, they're going to hide him when we will never get the number. MN 25 to 54 in the morning. Let's see how it's done. Oh, look at that. Howard's down from an 8.8 to a 7.7. Zetas from a 5.2 all the way up to a 6.5. I told you that the Paul Castro no was the talent. Didn't I? Radio on more. That's what W.A. M.R.F.M is. Look at that. They went from a 1-3 is QBA FM to a 6.1. Look at that. They battered the crap out of a radio romance. They're probably playing more Louise Miguel. Probably all the facts are list. I mean, the amount of coins. I mean, the 6.1. And then fourth with a 5.5. Rick and saw. From a 4.8 man in a summer book where we just, the spring and the summer just go in a crappy. And I want to say, but in the fall, we make a big comeback. Some of our people come back from out of town. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe our people just all go away. Like those fun places like Santo Domingo. Like a lot of Dominican Republic of Dominican. And Jamaica, man. And stuff like that. Anyway, W.A.M.D. in a morning 5.5. And Howard's got a 7.7 man. Looks like they're getting closer and closer every second. Maybe they don't like those 20 men and breaks that how he's doing. Then from 10 to 3 in a midday in men. W.A.D. number one is we always are in men in the midday. I got my men. I'll tell you that. That's all I got. But I got my men from a 6.9 in the summer book to a 9.4 which means between 10 and 2. We're over 10. In men. It rhymes. It sounds good to me. Zeta is next WXDJ hot. Kiss. Radio romance. Now I don't get that. How come in a morning? More is big, but they don't want to do it in the midday. How's that? Radio. Where the hell is it? It's not even. It's like with the 3.6. I guess what did they got on in the morning? They got like people on there like personalities like celebrities. Like Bowen, Mindy, Bo, Jangles or somebody like that? I'm sorry they got fired at power. Let's see men 25 to 50, 40 afternoon. Radio romance beats everybody to a pulp with the 6.1. That's when I started heavy duty Luis Miguel rotation. EDR 5.8. Hot 5.7. And the number one English language station in the afternoon and men with a 5.7 is the Phil Henry Show. Yeah, but nothing. No butts, baby. So it's safe to come and fill the coast as clear. Night time. What are we going to do about that poor sex broad? Do you know what I'm saying? In men from a 4.5 down to a 4.2. Just kind of like a fumbling along there. But that's, you know, that's okay even though we can't sell that show. So there it is. We're still waiting on a 25.54 which is the only number I really care about in Georgia's like hanging out there with this tongue out of his puppet because we want to see if we really got lucky big time and got a little bonus coming, but you don't want to bring that in here. She don't want to bring that in here because all kinds of excuses. All kinds of stories. You know what I'm saying? There's all kinds of stories on the street. That's what Clemens has said. Look what it did for him. That fat Clemens. We have two open lines. It's powered. Five, two, four, W.I.D. This is a day that everybody in the audience should be celebrating dancing in their pants. All our loyal IOD listeners. Both of them. Is that finally it? You miserable? It's not her fault though. But you are close and convenient to us easy to take it out on it. All here's women. Well, we can kind of figure it out. Can't we? I bet you we did a zero in women, huh? Oh my god. Look at that. We got screwed. George, we got screwed. 1.6 in women. What? 1.6. So that's an 11. But that again keep in mind. That's from 10 to 3. So we could be right on the verge there. And what I'm saying? We could be doing a 5.5. We're going to get screwed. You can just smell it. You can feel it. We're going to do about a 6. 25 to 54. Thanks to the fact we got no women. We went down in women from a 2.5 to 1.6. See the one time we get lucky. The one time we get our break. The one time we get a kiss. We get our big kisses from men, which is a hell of a lot better to me. But the women don't want to give us no kiss. I told her there's no women out there. We can't find a women for a lover money. Look at that. And the morning we probably don't have any women either. I'm on a second page of on a third page. I'm looking frantically for some women. Rick and suds a one nine out of one. One three in women. The women have let us down too much sports. That's okay. We're going to talk sports coming out your ears because the men want to hear sports. They're in our macho. And probably the few women we got. Listen, our pretty boots too. Isn't that a kick in the teeth from a two five in women. If we just kept our two five. We'd have it lift George. But a one six. And what about filling the afternoon? Those women who've got to have a great sense of humor right? They don't. Hot with an eight point. Oh, do you got all ethnic women? Filts not on the second page either. One five down to one two. So we won't wet in the cramper with the women. What about Aaron? How maybe she found herself a girlfriend? Seven a midnight. Aaron Summershow. QAM with a point four at night. Oh, of course that's women. One point three. From one seven to one three. So the entire radio station with the women disappeared. If we had just just a reasonable, our usual mediocre number of women. We would have kicked everybody's ass. If we just do it, I had our usual reasonable, but we don't. Now what else am I looking for? Who am I leaving out here? Oh, yeah. What about QAM? What about the men in the morning on QAM? Let's take a look for them. Overall, they went from a three point. Oh, two two point seven and men. That's the sports station. That's the male intensive station. Now let's see. What about QAM in the morning? I don't see him on the first page here where the coast is on the bottom. I don't look at that. Three point two to three point four, which they went up like a fraction marginally, but they didn't. To four they had back in a winter, but it's still a little bit better. So the little dogs got the only number and men there in the morning on that station. That's because they liked that big gap in his teeth. What about in the middle of the day? To wait to a three nine. Oh, the sports bitch. She's the one. Oh, that must be Lardass. I bet you that's what that is. Lardass must have finally found an audience. Two eight to a three point nine. You know what's not the sports bitch? That's for damn sure. And like what else? Oh, the wait a minute. What the hell? What? What? No, no, that's not right. That's not even it. Six to ten. Bob Green is put six A.M. to seven PM and here somebody goes shoot him. Well, yeah. We don't care about six A.M. to seven PM. What about Joe the Rose mice do there in a morning? Okay, six to ten. The little dog. The guy with a big gap. Two three to two four. I should have known better. Okay. Now what about ten to three in a mid. Oh, this thing is all screwed up. This thing is all screwed up is what it is. Six to ten in a morning. Is this boring you folks too bad? We don't care. We don't care. You're used to it. Q.A.M. six to ten in a morning. Men. It's the sports station. Okay. I'm waiting to get to Hank. Q.A.M. In a morning. I'm looking and I'm looking and I'm looking here. Joe, I can't find your number. Joe, I don't find it over here. It is two eight. That was right. Two eight to a three nine. Now that's in a morning. Two eight to a three nine. He's a hit. Andrew Asdena woods in Joe Rose. Two eight to a three nine in men. Now in a mid day, how come we can't find them. They would chew a M.R. They still on the air or what? Two three to a two four. I see that's what it is. So, Lard asked didn't go nowhere in the sports pitch. Ain't do enough. And what about an E.F. To know now, let's see. Phil's got a five seven in men. What about the fats over there? What about Mr. Hotchut? That's going to go on here and open them up today. Like he got a book five one to a four four. Feel it beaten by like over a point. Huh? So that's the way that's the lay of the land. Boy, that was your boring. Wasn't it? And he still hasn't brought in the 25 to 54, which it's going to be about a five four to a five six ten to three. We're like right on the edge. We're right on the border line of greatness of like a few extra bucks in cash. But it'll never happen. They'll finagle it. You know how they do it. Use talk at entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. When they came, they call me melanoma. I tend until I'm almost an coma. How wide is my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen. Sun with me. 10 with me. Hope we don't mind. I'm a little broccoli. You're lying in the center. We get melanoma. We take like a bun. You smell the aroma. I like to roll on, but there's nobody more. It works planning. That when I get off a go 10, I get naked and fake fake it. How much longer is my skin going to take it? My astrologist and numerologists have to help me find the dermatologist. We lie in the center. We get melanoma. We bake like a bun. You can smell the aroma. I like to roll on, but there's nobody more. Hey melanoma. We lie in the center. We get melanoma. We bake like a bun. You can smell the aroma. We got lumps on our skin. Bigger than the metronoma. Hey melanoma. Hi. We don't care if we get melanoma. We got the best tan from here to Arizona. We're letting them have genital kind of luck. Hey melanoma. Hey. 1228 at W.I.D. So anyway, 25 to 54. There's that big head-on match between what's his name. But the him and fat hankster, the Homer. And 25 to 54 persons overall fill his god. What does he got? I'll look at that. She went down at 9.34 to a 28.25 to 54 of the sex broad. Since they fought since she said that thing about being a lesbian man. They have flown away from her like. So anyway, W.I.D. and he afternoon 25 to 54 up from a 27 to a 3.4. Oh! And the Homer, the hamster over there, he's got from a 26 down to a 2.3. So field beats the living pants off of him as he should but buy a much bigger margin if this were accurate, which it is not. Because anybody that would choose to listen to the Homer over a fill-handry and the ingenious stuff he's got on here has to be a total moron or just like fat people. W.I.D. midday from a 4.1 to a 5.4 from 10 to 3. Which means we're doing more pushing about a 6 from 10 to 2. Which quite frankly, that ain't too shabby on this guy there on an A.M. station with no promotion in over saying, on this is a stayed place in which we work that don't have a billboard a TV spot a guy named Jerbal out there running around nothing. So I think we ought to be pretty excited about that and Rick and Spuddy, even in the morning, which is really a miracle considering if you've heard that show. Rick and Sire Rick, Rick and Suds in the morning from a 2.8 to a 3.3.25 to 54. Oh! What is that? What is it? It's up. Oh, you got more stuff here, boy. I'm telling you, 25 to 49. If you keep coming up with enough different demos, see everybody. I have more. I'll keep them coming. Okay. It'll kill some real good time. No, I don't. What do you mean? No, I don't. I don't. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. The women, by the way, sucked into it said, that's good. Or 18 plus. No, I don't have that. I got 12 plus. The women really bet the big one. 25.54. If we were to head just our usual 2.1 whatever, we would have been just the raken in the dough. We would have kicked some ass, but we can't find women for a lover money. It doesn't bother me. So anyway, 25 to 49, WIOD from a 3.2 to a 3. This is the city's odd bald demo. Nobody cares about this. Even if people on the year don't care about that. What about 75 plus? What about the FTL audience? Can we find that one? See if you can find 100 plus for norm. Here is a Jupiter. Hello. Jupiter. Speak to us. Is this a muscle in Jupiter? Yes, man. Good afternoon. How are you? Buenos tardes. Buenos tardes. How are you? Buenos tardes. How are you? We've been in Grafties. What about the banning? I'm married to Julio. That's why I speak Spanish. All right. He doesn't listen to radio a more radio romance, does he? No, I make him listen to you. Good for you. Have you heard of Henry? Is he circumcised? No. How about Phil? I don't know. Do you know? He looks like a skin head to me, but both find out. Listen, I went to a hockey game last night. And my gourmet fee. He played awesome. Your gourmet fee? Yeah. Yeah, their Murphy is definitely our best defenseman. Right. He is awesome. Solid is a rock. Yeah. I'm getting educated on my hockey and I got a book and I read about the Stanley Cup. Great. And originally it was bought in 1890s by the governor of Canada for $50. Right. I don't know where it's. He got it from. He went to the King of England and he said, Well, me $50. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And there's some really cute legends in there. Some guys that were celebrating with the the cop and the head of the trunk of the car. They got a flat tire. Yeah. Took out a trunk to put on the side of road to fix the tire and they left. And they forgot to take the cop and when they came back, it was there. Yeah, Jim made it. Somebody one time he left his cup in the truck and had the same kind of experience. And then it brought right out there and God, they might not even find it. Oh, gosh. People were in shock. What could I tell you not much. So what are we going to do about finding some women's weed? Are all these women are calling. I'm calling. I'm trying my best. I'm not just talking about you though. We had to like more than a couple. We got to go out there and get some women with a sense of humor. I'll watch it. The one good thing for us is all the TV talking head shows are going off. Yeah. So the fact that the all these sleazy that Danny Bono douche bag and all that crap is going off. Maybe some women will turn the radio back on like over to AM. Okay. Hopefully. Please put the word out. Okay. And tell all those who get women out there. Stop by covering in a closet with their girlfriends. All right. Thanks. We don't. Okay. Take care. Bye bye. Bye. We have two open lines in day. Yeah. If we could just ever tap that enormous closet who yet and Holy O audience. We got up there. If we could ever bring them out of their little closets. Those real macho cowards man. Come out wherever you are. Holy O. 751 WiodD and Dave Palm Beach, which doesn't count in the book for Day and Brower thank God, is dying over there. We don't have even no response. You can't even say hey you guys are still on here. You did great. We're real happy for you. Not even that. I bet you if I try to give away my bond. Jovey CD again these days. I bet you we can get a response on that. Three days. I didn't have one asshole yesterday called in the beginning of the show when we had no calls. I wasn't going to give in nothing away. When we had no action here. Are you dreaming? Well we got a big audience alleged like this. And Steve Nichols running around there told you. I told you. They like us. They love us. They want us. It's legal Lizfour died the first time I saw you there. Nic whinte is regrettable. He was going in the month weekend for today. These were the best days there. He was about participating. He was really doing great. The most of his hand he worked on like night. And on the weekend. I hate to break the news he was with you but no is the day before. I'm in there bad they increased. don't got no uh... afro i mean how do we make it hot is number one twenty five to fifty four in his market overall followed by a radio or a man by their time with a six point eight time for number one we got a uh... uh... black one and a white and a uh... his banquen course hot is right up the hall here so they ought to be raked into books e dr is right behind it with a six four so there's another black station so two of the top three stations in day and day and browner black how is that possible how is it possible but only like seventeen percent of the population or less than that is supposed to be black how is it that they got everybody listen because they don't listen to nobody else they all be listening to them they must not be a serving our ten black people then a radio a morious fourth five point one so the top four stations are all black in his banquen in his market and we're supposed to compete we're supposed to have a number i think quite frankly but we've done here is a major miracle and we want to give steve neck a lot of credit to these years for it at a voice thief the coast is after that so the code look at it we got hot is number one the coast is number five but they like uh... play you know English language speaker once in a while when i'm not doing glory at step on that bitch they got a four point eight and then wxdj i'm sure that's another uh... holostakes that's that's that rustle waste is thing where they change the call letters some i don't know what it is and then life which is slush and then love ninety four which is more slush and jazz and then you have to come all the way down a while and hundred with a four point oh boy oh boy the ethno sizing they they you see they did the senses again in a fall they do this every year they or every whatever how many years they redo the senses and then they readjust the ethnic thing and they say oh there's no white people there that's big english and that county and so then everybody gets screwed even howard look at us on on that's not howard that's big boy i tell you once he goes off there they might as well shut that station off but anyway w big three point nine and kiss in the xdj how's that he foxed you on by the way and more let's see how's that he's on how does that he by themselves we don't study lost a lot of way down the acorns by the way just out of the mention that did he thank me publicly for the one wmxdj oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh what's been going on over there they've been on a little slide over there at magic the only oldy station left on the dial three point eight down to a three point two i guess son he's not going to be sent a me no check to say thank you for the atkins and it's a good thing he's on yet can all the way to the east takes and lobster man who puts a little a dent in the pocketbook so somebody sent a donation to sonny fox okay and tell more sorry about self-fulse six ten w-i-o-d this is your ball on the voice of the trotter maple they don't come any better than Neil Rogers these the most respected boys in america today his measured words and thoughtful commentaries have stirred an issue changed the tides of political fortunes and made him a pot full of money he is lush limba or a large carger oh oh from the front of the world oh oh oh oh oh every day on this radio station direct from the DID network that grunt and broadcasting you can hear the kind of political rhetoric that makes you think even clinton spooks so that i think is a operation lush limba striking at her and scoring direct hits on all his political pose first for eighty is a feminine how not seen she's a not seen after him wouldn't you don't care about facts when you just want to hear what you want me here listen to lush okay here comes my uh i thought you had a penny for me again come on least a quarter this time it's the least you can do it comes by bonus for this book what he got a little small change twenty one cents all right oh for bob green they don't come any more generous than bob green so we lucked out again huh got some boger starry center nice gone bob anyway ten twelve forty and a lot of yod everybody's happy running people are to say well what are you good now nervous about a bunch of numbers i got news for us we'd art this is how we have to live it's one hell of a way to have to live in it when the top seventy five stations are that we've got people i can't speak English or are extremely been out in the sun for a long time you know what i'm saying that's the top eighty five stations in this god damn market there's only like thirty five so we're to held a wee belong and we still managed to squeeze in there somehow we still managed to overcome the god damn smoke this show how do you like that and those toys for goi i'm sure we got on a weekend which by the way is gonna go down another davie gravy lines on a light bulb going head to head pretty heavy duty competition over there course he's got his own equipment to bring on there but that's another story anyway twelve forty one a w i o d let's do a mobile in the sunrise hello good morning Neil Roger good afternoon sir all one of that of it and back to you what are you waiting for what's on the heat and i already made it to play this is that great you did one i told you when i wasn't left on you made it with a sun rise well you're making some serious progress wait to get done here to my amy man get your piece of balleries not call you to say hi that one of the cone got delayed down my amy dolphin's been on there new coach i tried last week but you must have been very busy yeah we're talking about that's old news so we're talking about congratulating Neil and Phil and Rick and everybody at wdy except for air and about their great ratings book that's what we're talking about today we don't care about Jimmy's Johnson he's uh old news now all right when he starts with when he starts with when he starts with when he starts with and a few games that's what we'll say hats off to Jimmy okay okay that's a good deal okay pal see on a 50 hour line get new phone you sound like your Lloyd Bridges we have two open lines on the green lines i'm getting my season tickets renewed right now i have renewed energy and faith in life now that we got a lucky kiss finally we've been going along since like almost a year now we've been dragging it and dragging it and dragging it and everybody's been getting a suicide and getting depressed and taking all kinds of mind-altering substances here and doing mill towns and prozacs and goddamtoolinalls because god almighty how to hellerever gonna make it especially with you dead heads out there and we're trying somehow to measure our we still alive do we still have a goddamt life here and we've been totally cut off from this stupid audience underlined the stupid part here's the last what is it many team plus uh we got yes it is we are look at that we're like right up there with the radio romance okay only they got Louise Miguel that's what we want they're on top thanks you're over the 5.8 we're number two and men with a 5.6 course the dolphins in here again see the dolphins that must be what put us over the top let's see how the weekend many team plus looks okay and fight out if it's really just a bogus thing with a stupid dolphin games uh because we know that builds in for intermediate demand which sets what really puts us on top i bet we're like number one on the weekend i bet we're kicking ass that we're not i don't see us on the first page with the dolphins oh my god we went down okay for all you hot shots out there that are plotting how you're going to get the dolphin games away from us after this upcoming season i hate to break the news to you but wild went from a 3.1 to a 3.0 on a weekend in men 18 plus men that's like the dolphin audience how do you like that we went this big gigantic increase in men and it's not from the dolphins yeah pretty funny course if you ever heard zimfer do a game you'd understand they want to watch it on TV instead that'd rather hear almost anybody even dextocked into the game instead of listening zimfer so anyway how we do a many 18 plus like in the morning i bet your rick and suds are just pulverizing the crap out of everybody i knew they could do it not really didn't to be honest with you i was kind of like uh hedging my bets well you know there were really nervous and rick was getting ready to leave okay oh howard with the 5.9 but you know something howard you still like uh you're like a point behind last summer howard what's going on over there and they're like the listenership is a little on a weekside and rick and suds i'll be honest with you rick and suds had his like the listenership they would like be right up there with him he's got a 5.9 they got a 4.8 they're like number 5 and men in the morning 18 plus who could be number one and made in the midday George how many guesses do we need? okay we went from a 7.9 to an 8.9 many 18 plus which means over 65 we don't have too many old farce listen and what about what about about the mad dog there the a big dog what is it the little dog? many 18 plus rick and suds in the morning of a 4.8 now what about the little dog over there QAM he must have a gigantic number in man huh he must have about a 20 he's got a 3.5 which is up that's not said that's pretty good for them that's the biggest number they've had the little dog continues growing and growing and growing and if you ever feel like gaping is to he might have an audience over there God damn it especially since that brilliant Andrew Asin who has been on there talking about who's got the biggest tutors in town they're really growing big i mean the audience now let's see about from 7 or clock to midnight and of course Hank you see one thing it kills me about fat Hank you know how he always comes on here and tries to defend the fact that he was nothing about hockey and it's boring and nobody cares and anybody who talks about it it's a tune out how did we all do all these big numbers because nobody talks about it more than I do do you know what I'm saying? how did I do all these gigantic numbers since I missed their hockey puck face huh how did I do such a number Hank since that's one of the main interests that I got one of the greatest things in history of mankind just because you were dumbing in a lazy slab and don't want to learn about it how come we did so well with all the hockey top leave some scored two goals with six attack for Sunday and he's this year at the point yellow shot everybody's got down and back for another shot six guys oh too much hockey top baby it's killing me Hank all right the thing was again on the power when I was a turkey back on the table and it's moved back to center turkey's not very strong throw it over to all seamless and a very working point Francis they keep in the back move into the fires on the tabby's trying to slow him down goes all the way to the far right wing corner to the armor and yager the right point area all seamless he is the buckby yager right down the line here he comes it's Steven double goes to Francis and Steven Steven on the power play and the pig was laid three to one that was funny yeah two baby don't know what it's all about 1246 the WIOT TV got the two lines on the green lines in Palm Beach you people should be ecstatic baby you should be calling here and shaking my hand and saying thank God we're talking to a real ballsy guy there that got a good book finally after all this time that was on the verge of extinction after twenty guy damn years and is down the still alive and he still got the numbers over there in spite of all those far bits and a game it all like as too bad 1-800-9-44-49-463 even our good close personal friends up there in Palm Beach who allegedly are so involved and care so much even they don't extend their hand to friendship how do you like that did they offer your friendship did they were invited to their house for a cup of coffee no instead they come to my house on the day of the goddamn fall book coming out and ask me to be a god damn murderer okay 1250 a WIOT TV got the green lines are still look at that we're still waiting for it to call off and say congratulations we love WIOT we're happy for you guys it's about time we got a little bit of relief and a little bit of something nothing so let me just tell you this right now and I marked this down in the counter anybody in Palm Beach ever on days we give away like those adult videos or anything we ever give away ever if we finally get a million dollars from the sisters and cash to give away if you're in Palm Beach forget it no chance mark that right down in a solid gold here's my ami hello thank you sir congratulations thank you sir congratulations you deserve it not just crossie us amigo you wouldn't feel can you do me a big favor yeah my wife is very sick and she wants to get it off and fine what do you mean she's very sick well I'll share that that the flu thing she's got the trots yeah yeah and all she wants is just to hit a Brian Clarkson oh the right though you meant the dolphins fight song that was gonna be a huge oh I thought you now you're talking about something entertaining that we might all enjoy huh when you're gonna chance it wasn't a love like now would be good thanks a lot thank you but okay hope he's feeling better is okay who would I not just fall in this tasteful the dolphins are cursing and man it's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying they might be a s*** on you but the words of love they toss and the microphone are dumb but and just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying fuck you but they play football badly how did the patriots kick their ass well they make it to the super bowl but with an attitude as bad as there what if tossing our hopes down the stairs oh man mood of noxious fall in this tasteful the dolphins are cursing and man it's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying make my f*** out you now what kind of a disgusting triple x rated scene is this on a young and a horny were watching right now it's too bad they're both so ugly you don't want to say what kind of a scene is this and she throws her head back she said Danny never had nothing like that in fact Danny never had nothing but that's another story what do you expect from her so anyway here's a plantation hello hello you sir congratulations to you're rating you know it's not like sunny fox not in coherent it's your friend and plantation that you talked into one dish and I'm probably going to get a second one keep some going all right fighting the city anyways you know this wedding thing reminds me of walk street it's a dinner isn't it right and you have no good truth you have no control no matter how good of a job you think you do no matter how hard you work at it no matter how much energy you put in what you're doing it's just it's the luck of the draw you know whoever happens to get to diaries whatever mood they're rating if they care enough to fill it out and if they get them in a right zip codes and people that like speak the same language and especially in this market where it is so emphasized now that you can't find like like like I've said is when you get in your car maybe you've done this and you drive it around especially on a highway on a turnpike and you look around at the people in the other cars and I say to myself there's no way they're listening to Wild there's no way they like nothing you don't see well I understand exactly what you're saying you know it's a hysteria it's like the earnings report coming in on Wall Street right that's right there goes to that thing index goes up and the index goes so it's just a matter of luck you just sit back and waitin for the luck of the draw that's it remember you got the aim of the list about there right that will tell you whether you're rating is good by the way and it was only one short subject and I'm going to keep it short please how about yes please I know how about relocating the studios from instead of going to Hollywood right at the sawgrass right next to the new hockey arena well there is one good now that's that's the arena I'm talking about the WID studio it took put one into Roa Mine one into Amsterdam there you go how's that beautiful get your passport ready I always have mine ready when the passport too okay see ya bye bye we have an open line in Broward 524 the green lines how about if we gave you a thousand dollars a piece in Palm Beach to call in and say congratulations guys even if you don't mean it okay how about if we gave you a five thousand dollars to call it in Palm Beach see we don't got nobody up there you book of people are a bunch of clowns man even at one guy I don't want to mention his name on here that sends us all the facts is that you know we don't listen don't go out here wait a call us okay our good close personal friend up there right he should be having a party in his pants right now okay because one more bad book one more bad trend and man you'd be here at Hungarian mouserkers on here here like tomorrow I guarantee that they were starting to clean out some of the orifice is around here why do you think they had that mess downstairs this morning work was talking about huh so here's a pepmerk pines wait a minute like I said here it is hello yes sir hey how are you doing I'm doing great congratulations on your good rating thank you so much we finally I got the luck of the draw man hey let me tell you they got the luck of the Jewish they should be happy to have you let me tell you they are listen I wanted to ask you I'm interesting to begin one of your tapes yes how do I go about doing that do I get it from you your company there you're your radio show or do I have to go to a store you can go to borders you can just sit there on your ass and call 561 078 never allowed to you 5607 right all right I'm going to go ahead and get one of those all right all right now have a great life sir have a happy and back to you bye there's a guy that sounds pretty happy he's like enthusiastic he likes this he's just a gull no problems he doesn't have no clever little punch you don't want to say just a good guy out there that sounds like his brain is bigger than his penis okay that's a good moving right direction man we just had a few more like that instead of that guy that calls before about you know that pastured at the field had on yesterday that pastured yeah Louis pasture is that the one you're talking about like the day that the fill was you know talking about his Jimmy Jar was done she'll a more important than on Rico Fermi and Louis pastor and Jonas being salt and these people are calling to say what who I mean what seriously how stupid I've always asked the question you about people with money like Wayne how much you need which I noticed defa was still in that line again on sports socks last night cut the crap will you have defa let's see what your number is sweetheart but the same thing is true here you know what I'm saying I mean how how much stupidity is enough how dumb can people get before they're satisfied at their level of stupidity how ignorant is it possible to be before you're like you know quenched with ignorance and you're like desiring some kind of knowledge see people who want to learn something they like either go into a computer or they read a book or a newspaper or a magazine you know and of course nobody does that anymore unless of course the book is like one of those stupid novels of one of those stupid romance novels that the women are all reading oh that's where it's at this romantic yeah here's North Miami Beach on a purple line hello hello sir I'm doing great alright well congratulations we survived another one sir we survived and we dodged the bullet again oh let me and you know what it's amazing this time doesn't even deserve you guys and that's right great entertainment for yep and the price is right and the price is absolutely right yes I'm not sure well I fit them a graphical young yama 32 year old Latin male all right perfect oh man you just what we're looking for and I'll tell you my white also listen to your show even though she's a closet nearly but uh I know she listens to your show I'm trying to push her out of there what is your name per name is Zulu no no no Zulu you know Zulu come out wherever you are Zuli come out sweetheart and at least one of those things out of the door you know and uh open that closet force it open honey yeah I wanted to ask you a question on the uh Borpochette deli needs yes is the hand the only one that's nitrite free or are there any other meats that are uh nitrite uh good question I don't know yeah do you have to get a look at a label all right that's all that's at Lorenzo's right because I know I'm trying to write uh right I'll tell you what you'll love is the sausage at Lorenzo's with no nitrites you'll love that okay well I'll try that heavy didn't stuff and another thing uh we recently bought a icebreaker package right the pants again great we had a blast I did try to look for you though uh what section do you sit in the arena 125 125 and how about the uh at JRS for the dolphin games what section yeah oh I don't even remember it's um oh I I know you only take by the 50 yard line it is right on the 50 but I can't do it because I wasn't there last season so I didn't remember what the number was. Fatt rich will love you okay Fattie uh fat boy will let me know oh you know I will uh you whenever you find out you announced it and all right my battery dying I'm running out of material okay so thanks again Neil and have a great life and happy oh odiano all right see you we have an open line and a purple line pot idea what are you laughing about George let's celebrate let's have a party oh going to mommy's for lunch we're gonna have a party on the table there we're gonna like the guy damn Hanukkah lights even though it's a rock time of the year we're gonna get some goddamn carbohydrate free home and taution from slimy's sometimes you get so mad you just want to spit W i O d my enemy fortlutter oh I use talking entertainment radio 610 W i O d Pomp and a resident says sickening the desert and uh don't give them a map good afternoon at one o clock this is Jennifer Ram news talk and entertainment radio 610 W i O d it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon he throw fast like a randijansson no more bitch and a battery's wrong not him did like Charlie Brunson no more bitch and they don't come home no he's been on an uncomic of the water hey he's a day oh no more bitch and they don't come home hey he's a day he's a day oh no why don't seven at W i O d but i'm just gonna put that on the end of this loop i love that how's Harry Belafani doing by the way how's his lovely daughter we have two open lines on the green lines where in differences their middle name we're picking their noses they're out claimed to fame that's what it's all about 1-800-944-9463 our center one told us 138-822 bucks i bet you tomorrow is when at big swell of mail is gonna come in here the grounds will us go to begin and people are gonna start sending those $20 checks made out to center one to Neil Rogers W i O d Miami 33141 and put a nice little note in there too say thank you Neil for 20 years of simulating broadcasting you fats lob you something like that would be good you can call center one and order your best of CDs and cassettes and t-shirts still like for the next two weeks to the end of January at 5-6-1-0078 and you could also pop into your boarders books music and cafe stores and please go buy the one in the grove will you please invite some stuff show us that we're loved and aggrove god here's the lady in north Miami hello hi Neil how you doing i'm fine i just call the second graduation well thanks a lot i've really enjoyed some women if we just had some women and well i mean i i hate sports but i love you and i think you're just great yeah and i listen to every day i never missed a handree right and i can't live that i'm gonna buy the CD because i want to help you get that that money up for great we need we need about 50 thousand more like you well i i'm telling you i don't understand why the numbers say what they are because everybody i know we all listen to and we just think you're great you and still are the best that's right and uh you know of course and there's always looking so i know what is it people really do appreciate you do they yes well they sure have a strange way of showing it well you know i'm saying this is a time where they love you but they like they sit around they don't want to tell you well that's Miami yeah they're like a little indifferent you know but well i don't know but i don't know but i don't love you quite really do think you're great and just need to do a great job okay sweetheart all right thank you have a great day she was nice we have an open line in dates 75 once he was she was very nice which is unusual here she wasn't even driving 30 miles an hour in front of me out of wait a hockey game uh yeah but don't talk that hockey talk now let's see let's see what i got him and remember that one book hanks said oh yeah i almost got as many men as kneel well we don't want to get to personal hank but anyway uh where is the men like uh where is that men thing where is the men the man thing men 18 plus here we go now what do we have what do we have there we got oh that's men 18 plus what about 12 plus how about let's that possible what what was that number oh 25 54 okay men 25 to 54 that's the four a bigger part it was a nine four yeah but i don't know what he's got a nine four from 10 to three which means we're doing about a 10 between a 10 to an 10 to five between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. see the date part is 10 to three but between 10 and two we're doing over a 10 share and men now what's fat so got over there and he afternoon's always talking about he's got always doing this he's doing that who the hell you kiddin hummer a four four that's on sound like even half and it's on sound like anywhere near the five seven that fill us got which is like uh 1.3 higher and rising every day is more people are finding out that's where the entertainment the humor and the fun stuff is as opposed to the poppies bull crap with the way up bogus predictions so each your parts out homster here's another lady in Miami hello hello yes man hi i just want to congratulate you well thank you so much i want to tell you that i love your show and my boyfriend got me involved in it because he listens to you all the time because it's driver are you jealous no good i'm not i think i could handle it i'm probably not his type anyway you don't think so you never know his boyfriend's are probably younger no maybe not you know what they say yeah you never know anything is into old guys i just wanted to tell you that i love your show i think it's great and i think sweet art before i used to listen to this one on one point five oh man that'll give you like him or it's yeah something like that but now i'm like awakened and i need i mean i great i love it beautiful and i congratulate you well thank you sweet you have a good one i still can't hold me this bye see you open line of dates seven five one this is a guard i think that's a guard day from at the snorth this show i think he sent me a doctor's a guard i mean i'm choking and gagging on that thing i'm throwing that thing out i'm making a resolution right i you know something everybody i know in my lifetime we spoke to a lot of cigars they're all dead right every look at Winston Churchill dead my good friends who George Burns close real close like right on a cusp couldn't even make that birthday party to the hundred years old they couldn't get that old part of the sack my good close great friend Alan Finkelson smoked cigars every day of his adult life dead cancer everybody who spoke cigars i want i want to go on here and say this right now this is going out on a limb okay i don't like generalizing but i'm gonna tell you this right now everybody and i don't want to get that cigar day of upset because that's a great show we got everyone who smokes cigars will die oh yeah not me that's what it says in the good book it says that in la vitticus chapter three everybody who puts that big round one in his post will die unless it's a have a tamper 12 minutes after one at WIOD the weekend magazine has changed new host new segments new stories new days 6AM to 90AM Saturday and Sunday mornings who's the host this weekend we don't know the weekend magazine news talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD hi this is Sunny Fox i listen to your i just could like it here the word asshole ladies and gentlemen please welcome the two newest New York young kids dowry well strawberry i'm the doctor good in it and the personal coach Steve how that's what i like to know i couldn't in the wind up the straw man snorts the line up he's drooling like a dog who heard a bell he's high as a lab rat from smoking the crack at a bat he does in like cocaine just like the way it smells snorting a ball spirals rolling up the twan he's snorting a ball and he's given good and plenty they lick the swan he dollar bill their teeth are grinding like a pepper mill go in eight balls oh alcohol and pills Steve how is in the bullpen his nostrils are white open he's so fucked up beating he's on the braves he gets advice from doc and doc prescribed some rock so first people were lining down he blew the safe snorting a ball he abused the magic powder snorting a ball sprinkled on the clam chowder prescriptions got perpetuable refill they do it in the pool if they had gills doing a ball oh alcohol and pills all that money one eighteen a w i d buckby gone by the way but hey they don't know it so i'm looking at the little dog there in the morning at that two point oh 25 to 54 and i'm beginning to realize i'm looking at the average quarter hour is actually down to hundred and the quume is like down like nine thousand so they got a little kiss there in men but generally speaking little dog you just uh you're not whipping now if you just uh not whipping it in the shape probably that Andrew acid woods that's putting them over the top and if they could just get a few more pimply face kids and who is that goon that sits there with a humster in the afternoon that they brought in from ESPN that keeps talking back and forth that to me seriously hummer you're killing yourself with his guy sounds like it sounds like light bulb radio it sounds like what they do on a light bulb where they sit and play goosey goosey with little kitty boardops so back and forth i mean that is just i mean it guys like on mic it's like they do it a two-man of five-man show hank in this other guy he's killing the hover let's all geez oh boy congratulations thanks Greg from Boynton I'm upset now because i just had a talk wouldn't uh George off the air listen can i say something to you i'm not like George has been trollequist okay so whatever you talked to George about keep that between you and George but now you and i are on here i'm on a very important highly rated radio show that i expect you to conduct yourself and behave you know in a certain decorum here uh like like an adult whatever little problems you got with George i'm sure you guys can work it out if you know what you guys are my judge and have anything to do with George it has to do with you it does and i tell me that you really i mean i haven't called your show i haven't been bothering you yeah and you guys are you so in a scene now you're stretching again you sound like a misfit when you go into this routine well you had some you haven't said if when you call one of those snappy little songs or something clever and unique and useful now you sounded like you're regressing into that kfechatiki Greg we're getting good mood until i talk to George well i am two every day minister i'd like to have to work here i would like to regeary gonna have to say now that we went through the roof especially on this show you disgusting bitch yeah that's what i'm saying she better once she gets those ratings she better see something good i'm gonna burn that building down and it looks to me like how it's got a 5 6 25 54 in a morning and between 10 and 2 when we extrapolated we're gonna have about a 6 which means between 10 and 11 i would be surprised in the least but if we beat the pants off of magna as we have every month every trend going on now for lucky you're in a half how can we do some investigating on the you know the ethnic stations you talk about there's only what's the percentage of the ethnic audience one percent where there's only one tenth of one percent Hispanic and the black and date and brown it has to be sometimes there's only sixteen people that are Latin and black there's a scam going on and someone's got to get to the bottom of it right you're the guy to do it okay listen get on it no or get off it you mentioned a couple weeks ago cbs and i i don't want to call too much but i had to save this up you see i got to see you're he said he is want to call too much yeah right cb who i i've never had cbs on my tv i don't know anybody to listen to that watches that stage i mean when you got shows like murphy brown and uh with another old bitch that's on there that that's awful that that channel mary Tyler Moore i don't know what tells you she must be because they always have a run cbs this morning so that's if sure is must not cbs oh i listen to the cursed team this morning yeah uh joros had uh no it's the herst team he had a uh need a mile on there again oh did he that's still a bit for keeping it up no no he's now he's trying to set up for edge over now oh yeah yeah there are actually big and he really needs uh he needs uh that guy with a with a big gap in his teeth he's his help getting laid i'm sure that i hope Joven ask it comes by with that stick and just gives him a good elbow to the person shuts his push up for once now so i see a Greg no the passion lady yes yet night yeah she should fill now the thorns got some time on his hand maybe he could fill in boost that number a little bit that's a good idea and congratulate you know okay see a Greg yeah good out of here okay three months we have an open line on a green line 1-800-944-WI-OD it's 1-22 at your very successful in famous station where we keep bouncing back like bobby v in a rubber ball let's hear it come on bobby and Phil Henry says bobby v sucks how do you like that feel you're a brilliant guy but some things you just don't know you don't know your bobby v you don't know your rubber ball and the night has a thousand eyes you know when you're hungry when your jones in for the best in seafood and shellfician pasta there's only one place you need to think about that shells of course you'll want to try shell shrimp pasta that's a bowl full of sweet tender shrimp sauteed with linguine a pasta cream sauce would just a hit a garlic or shell seafood pasta it's a bowl full of scallops muscle shrimp and clams with linguine and shell fabulous pasta cream sauce if you tried shell shrimp primavera yet it's the perfect light taste as shells mixes garden fresh vegetables with imported pasta shells and sauteed them in a shells pasta cream sauce with a hand of garlic there's always the shells traditional shrimp and cheese to our delini a heaping gigantic humongous portion of shrimp mixed with totally neat stuff with the blend of Italian cheese and spices sauteed in shells pasta sauce it is mouth watering it's incredible there over 14 different shellfician seafood pasta so when you're in a mood for great casual seafood it shells you'll find a shells in candle 117th and sunset in the T.J. Max Plaza or in sun rays university drive just north of sunrise Boulevard right in our neck of the woods