Oh Or Yes, we do the way you stay and score if all of you You'll have your Stanley Cup If true Oh We pray, but we love you, Melody You're where it's at We may be season We're of a rat You are my very favorite cat Scott, Melody, you're where it's at We love you, Melody Oh, yes, we do The way you be ready for And rougher to lie And that's your hilly goal Was cool, Bill and Z we love you What a family so easy to love Because they play with lots of heart We love you, Angel You can't be me And when you've sorted us In the dream, the whole arena Cheered with gleam Javanoski can't be me I'd be loving you, neither mind You really bloomed A like a flower in the sun You're gonna score again Real soon Right, me and my are we love you I've floored up and so easy to love Because they play with lots of heart We love you, Beater Oh, yes, we do With your stock in past I've got to go We'll give the credit where it's due Man, be's for a queen of you We love you, don't complain Oh, yes, we do We'll be caught up in here Because it's true Oh, we brought us on this wave Oh, yes, we do Oh, yes, we love you You've really hold off for so long And at Tim Tim Horton never showed up That's what really cost us the game Tim were waiting and waiting and business Making all these incredible saves And we're just waiting for Tim Horton To get in at line up and take that wicked Slap shot from the point And he's busy, I guess, making the donuts And getting those signature on a petitions for Doug up there It's been a great run boys and girls It's really been fantastic I don't know what people are saying I'm so disappointed, I'm so depressed about what What's there to be disappointed in depressed about you Crazy silly people you And man, did we make a work for our last night I don't even have any idea what Tim was When I got home, I must have been about a quarter to two and a day And it seems like only moments ago is a matter of fact And here I am, I think Here I am, quarter to two and a morning And you know something if they've played those five this morning I'd still been there, although I will say this I waited until the last panther was off the ice Until a little torped Gary Betman handed out the cons my trophy To Joe Sackick, which kind of surprised me For some of us thought that Pat Frog was going to get it But he did not, and at that point when he started doing the thing Bring it out to Stanley Cup, which I've seen to Stanley Cup At the hockey hall of fame and Toronto, I don't need to see it again I'm sure wasn't going to stick around and watch the avalanche skater Who needs to see that? I mean if we would have been our guys, we would have won the game And if we would have won the game, it would still be there And by the way, we need to find out something about that Fan appreciation, party tomorrow night since I have nothing on it And you would think that maybe I might be somebody that they would not know about it Well, maybe not But thanks to my good friends over there at Tony the noses Marino's valley parking They were great all year long even when they bashed up my car that one time Made for an exciting show the next day and Tony came right to the house with a check And maybe you know for I couldn't refuse, thanks a lot Tony And all you other guys, you were great And it's been a phenomenal run I don't know how anybody could get any more energy, even rat man who talks to good game Was given me crap before the game sounds like you've given up I said I didn't give up, I never said that I just had a hope for the best Or playing a hell of a team, how much can you squeeze out of a turn up, you know what I'm saying? And amazing, the day squeezed a hell of a lot out of it The only negative out of this whole thing I've told you this before is I just And I know that many of my fellow real fans who are there at season ticket holders They're night after night and have been for the three years now Feel exactly the same way, I'll be so glad When we get back to the regular season And I know opening night will be a little bit of zoo also But once we get to the second home game and we get all of these ponies out of there About the new fans who made a lot of new fans, that's great, that's what it's all about But these ponies Oh man, these assholes who if they kill the rat thing, they kill the rat We never had any problem all season long, none From the minute that they started with a melon being a rat thing We never had a problem, they would throw a few of them doesn't amount there And the guys would come out with their little orphan jersey They'd have their bucket state clean them up, they'd whisk up like 30 seconds It was like down to a science, no problem But now we had a bunch of a drunken jackasses who thought that this was not a hockey game Not a sporting event, but just a time to come and act rowdy and be a bunch of jerks and boy You sure did a great job Inside the last minute of regulation play We're storming all around Patrick Frog there We have a couple of great scoring chances And all of a sudden after the puck shepherd shot hit the outside of it Very clearly was not a gold and it wasn't even close to going in And some of these idiots in the upper deck to say Oh, well, I was pretty close, maybe I went in And they started heaving these rats and meantime the game is still going on And finally, McCree the referee has to blow the whistle and stop the play And they have to take the time to slow everything down All the momentum is lost, the face off comes outside of blue line Because you idiots at the ones that caused the stop at your play And thank you so much We want to just wrap it up right there I got lots more to say about the behavior of real, boring idiots And of course we don't have any lock on it I mean looking to fans and Detroit what they did a few years ago When the Tigers won the series and look at the fan and the so-called giant fans If that's San Diego game last year with their ice balls Not snowballs but ice balls And knocked the one assistant coach unconscious I mean you know you're dealing with so many assholes out there That is and I know you can't like check personality ID at the door You just can't like be that selective where you say everybody Well, we're only going to let in certain people Because you can't do that, unfortunately I wish we could, thank you so much Anyway 1013 I had WIOD at NIL God That damn fact I can't stand it I'm so sick Or still in writing Can be so hard on your thighs And those girls make me want to scream And my buds too so to wipe Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori Diori The real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real. You made five of us, the real, the real, the real. The real, the real, the real, the real, the real. What's the challenge of the biggest we're hosting? Any's reproducing? Is that what you're saying? Some horrible thing like that. Oh, no. Oh, no. I told you the world is screwed up. Because the wrong people are reproducing. Anyway, it's 10, 18, a WIOD. So here's the dope, the scoop. And this is about tomorrow night. For all of you, Florida fans. And like I said, for the real fans, okay? All you jackasses that showed up in here. And it's really started in this series. In the avalanche series in the finals, because then, of course, it became like really heavy duty where everybody felt compelled to show up. Believe me, trust me what I tell you. Lots of other people would love to have had those seats. Trust me. Anyway, the panther is postseason celebration free admission to the first 14,000 fans who show up tomorrow night. It's at 7 o'clock, doors are open at 630 at the Miami Arena. And it says, there, what does it say? It said there will be, we're going to tell that I read that. Whatever it said. Oh, featuring player in coach comments, highlight videos, Prince of Wales, trophy display, et cetera. And the players will all be there. The coaches will all be there. And anybody who's a real fan will be there. So I guess it's a choice between a racetrack and being there, rich is what it's all about. So we'll see if I rich, well, rich will probably be able to get some free food if he shows up. There's, we'll see what that's all about. But it's a really good amazing man. Mind boggling isn't the expression for it. It's just been, and I don't care what any of these other people, what man, which tells you, right? These other silly people. They're really silly people. I feel sorry for some of these guys because, you know, they're getting paid to get on there and flap their gums, just like I do. They're what they're talking about. So they feel just to make you got to make some kind of a noise. You know, whether it's lible it like that. Whatever kind of an noise it is, they have to make something come up. So they're uttering a lot of spew to them in crap, and they haven't got any idea what they're talking about. And they're really reaching, you know, for all these different angles. And I'll just how long will these achievements be? I'll tell you one thing is a hockey fan for many of that is a real fan. I'll never forget this year. I don't care if we want the next 15 Stanley Cups in a row, which is a little on the unlikely side. In fact, it's highly unlikely we'll get back to the finals for quite some time, the way things work. But nevertheless, he still couldn't possibly forget it. But some people who haven't been a part of this ongoing period of time, I mean, you know, we welcome the new fans. But if you haven't been a part of it and you really don't understand it, and you really don't have any loyalty to it or understanding of it, then how can you comprehend what it really means? I don't care about the dolphins and about the hurricanes and about this game. It doesn't mean anything. It's nothing compared to this. And boy, the beaser and Pat Frog last night, man, those two put on a demonstration. The last time I saw anything like that was my trip up to Toronto three years ago, when St. Louis and the Leafs went into a double overtime, and St. Louis won two to one in the second overtime. Curtis Joseph stopped 62 Toronto shots and Felix Pothman was equally brilliant, and it wound up two to one St. Louis. But that's the last time I saw anything close to this with unbelievable goal-tending at both ends. And of course, in this case, I think the beaser was even better, because he had more impossible shots to stop. I mean, impossible. And he still managed to do it. He was just phenomenal without him. We wouldn't have been anywhere all year long. But what can you say? Everybody really showed up and they played their guts out. And I think that this play that you saw last night tells everything you need to know about these guys. They got their backs to the wall. And they could have just wilted and said, okay, we gave it a good effort. Let's all go home now. But they played their brains out last night. I mean, they were hidden and they were like just doing everything. They think we wound up with 62 shots ourselves, which would be a team record. We got 61 in a Pittsburgh game. All of that was in three periods in regulation. But still 62 shots, everything, but standing on our head to try to get it in there. We couldn't beat that frog. And it was phenomenal. But for anybody to say, well, where he pressed and we're so disappointed, I don't understand what you're talking about. How could anybody have ever dreamed that we were going to go through this phenomenal ride, especially when the last third of the season up until that last game against the Rangers? The last third of the season, we couldn't buy a goal. We were in a coma. We couldn't do anything. We couldn't buy a point in the standings. And it was like it was slipping away. And thank God when Brian Murray got out there in Stole, Ray Shepherd and Martin Strockke and they came in here. We got hot for three or four, one of some games in a row. And then we went back in a little swoon there again. And then we really kicked out that last Ranger game to get home. I said, vantage against Boston. That's what it was all about. But after all of that, you would have thought, well, really great finally making a playoff after coming within a point the first two years. But now we'll just, it'll be fun and that'll be it. So who would have ever believed that this would have gone on? But then again, people who don't understand the Stanley Cup. Playoffs who don't understand the intensity of it. Who don't understand the bone crushing thing that these guys go out there through night after night. You know, they're playing every other night. They're not playing like once a week. And if they get a hang the LA, they're set out. They're playing every other night. And they're playing offense and defense at the same time. Up and down and back and forth. And try to compare it to any other sport. You've got to be some kind of a moron. Some kind of an idiot. But we know who the phony's are, like I said. It's too bad that a few maybe a hundred assholes in their last night. And during this finals had a rune for everybody by, you know, the rat thing. They killed it. It was a lot of fun. I think you could have gone on. But at this point, there ain't no way. So bring all the rats you got for tomorrow night. It says rats will be allowed on you got. And you can even cause other net that I can be worth too much. I guess we won't be getting any facts about rats for sale today. We won't be getting no facts. It's about rats for sale today. I don't think. Unless they're really going on a big special. 1023 at WIOD. Use talk at entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. 1026 at WIOD. Happy or whatever day I have lost total track of time in the day of the week. Then I come in here this morning, dragon my ass big time. About 927. And the photographer is a good guy. But I mean, you know, it's not his fault. From Channel 4 is here again. You know, like I said before, he can always squeeze so much blood out of a rock. And I did another piece for today. Only because the guy catch slept all the way over here with a camera and the equipment. But I mean, it's all over guys. Okay. The series is over. The season is over. The dream is over. It's done. It's all over. Okay. And you can only squeeze a little more milk out of this thing here out of this little thing. And that's it. So cut the crap and lay me alone. Okay. You idiots over Channel 4 that enough. Oh my god. If Tim Horton would have just showed up, we'd still be planning. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. AnyL.A. doing that. Okay, sir. Um, two things. One of the first to say, I got in a hockey about eight years ago. You know, born and florid and stuff. I did never really have the exposure in the hockey. I got into about eight years ago. And 93 in the Panthers came much like yourself. And they are made believe span. And when the Panthers said, hey, you know, you're going to support them. Obviously you're in Miami and whatnot. Back when they had guys like Cyril, a hundred, a Lamoccan. Ryan Benning. Ryan Benning, Jesse, no long day, which of course you got traded this year. And you're getting, you need David off the veto. Because it's probably, probably, don't even remember him. I don't even remember him. You know, I don't even remember him. You know, Russian. But the point is, and even the guys like me are still around and screwing stuff. I mean, Randy Gillen. Exactly. And number 20 was Randy Gillen. Six, Joe Cyril. Randy Gillen. That was another great deal. We stole Stu Barnes from Winnipeg for Randy Gillen. He played a Randy Gillen. He played on the checking line, if I remember. And I was still learning hockey at that point. Because I've probably got into it eight years ago. I didn't know a lot about it. And, you know, I'm not trying not to be one of these assholes out there that, you know, jumps on the bandwagon, whichever team was. And when they came and I said, look, you know, a like hockey, a like the physicality. I like the play. And this year, you know, following the bandwars and seeing what they've done. You know, I've been on, I played football and baseball and had some championships. I went out and high school and out. You know, I wouldn't even half is proud as I was last night sitting in my home in this police when the beaver was making the most unbelievable saves. Yeah. I think it's the best I've ever seen and play. He made a mistake that we're impossible. He's a good one where he hit the goal with the cross bar and a came right back down in front. And he's down in a out of position. How he stopped that. I just, I have no idea. They were like maybe 10 of them that he made that were impossible. I just can't be made. You know, they were showing off good when the play of the year with that say, which on attack, which by the way was incredible. Yeah. I got to say that the beaver last night would have equal bat. You know, the, the, I guess, the magnitude of his thoughts good play in his, you know, over time periods. It was as I, like I said, Neil, I've never been moved. I'm not going to play in a play off by the way. He was like a seven, some of those games in a beaver. You know, the beaver had that one period where they scored four in the first period. I'll say again, I'll say it again. All four shots were unstoppable. They were like deflections. The one that was tipped in out of the year by foursburg. Anybody that tells anybody tells me that beaver had a bad second game because they pounded us. Wasn't watching a game. I just wanted to say at no point in, in my life, when I was sitting there last night, and I was just proud of, you know, the panthers and, you know, this, this just makes it even even more so, you know, I was a fan before and not like some of these punks out there. But, I mean, you know, now I would consider myself a die hard. I, I would, I would, I'm fortunately, I don't make a lot of money out what I do. And I've been able to go to a couple of panthers games, you know, since they started with do couple of first year, couple of second year and I've been to three games this year. But I'd say any chance I can get man on there. And I just love them, Neil, and, and I get to listen, you know, for the majority of your show because I'm out on the road. And I just wanted to thank you for, at least, you know, distinguishing between people that have, at least, attempted to legitimately learn the game much like myself. I mean, I know I saw a lot to learn about hockey. There's a lot of stuff I understand, some things I don't understand. But I just wanted to thank you for distinguishing between, you know, what are, you know, the fair weather guys and the people are at least making an honest effort to be fans. And I appreciate everything you've done and I love your show, Neil. Okay. I appreciate everything you've done for South Florida and you are God. Amen. Thanks, Rob buddy. Thanks, Paul. Have a good one. Okay. So I guess what he said is, we have an open line on the green line. 1,800, 9,44 and of course then Bojangles are going to come on here here. And well, you know, there they go belly again again when we have empty seats during the regular season. And we get all these people to know, now fill up the place. I mean, you can't make these guys happy. The bottom line of the whole thing is you want real fans. Okay. I would have rather had 500 empty seats even though it had been embarrassing last night than have the 500 assholes that didn't, that were thrown right in it. And then there were a couple of other times during the game. And then there was going on and there's throwing rats on the ice while the game is going on. You know, in fact, one time we were coming down the ice and it was at my end of the ice. It was during one of the 85 periods in the game. I can't even remember when and Pat Fraugustan and it is a big rat just off to the right of nothing. Boy, what a, you know, we get a scoring chance and somebody slips and breaks their neck on it or whatever it happens. What are you thinking about? And of course that's obviously a stupid question because they're not. They don't have the capacity to think. You're dealing with idiots with morons. Don't do us any favors. Okay. If you're a professional jackass by trade, just find something else to do. Go someplace else. Go to the cock fights and highly and do something. But don't do us any favors and, and, you know, there's all these phony's man. You could scrape that layer and I want to say it for the eight minute time. It's the greatest thing in as far as generating interest and excitement and a lot of new fans. I'm talking about people who really legitimately got to love the game and learn it and understand it and know the players. That's great. But boy, the, the, to me, I think it's kind of a small percentage of all this phony who plough and especially these media guys, who do these people think they're kidding? Do they think we all have Alzheimer's? People like the gacky who's on his smile and from ear to ear. He's got the big phony. Look, it looks like they've got his mouth like, you know what I'm talking about? Like they've got it pulled like the thing with the toothpicks in, in, clockwork orange where the toothpicks are in the eyes keeping his eyes. It looks like they've got his mouth like strapped open. It's so wide with a phony broad grin, you know what? We know you hate it like poison. And you don't know anything about it. And you've pooed it for the last three years. And you've been the adamant about all we don't want to talk about hockey because it sucks that it's boring and nobody cares about it. We know all about that show. Who are you kidding now? You're a jackass. At least the homeron. You're, I'll give him one thing. He hates it. He don't know nothing about it. And every once in a while, he's honest enough to say I wish you would be over with because I have no interest in it. At least that's honest, which happens like every other day who's depending on what mood he's in. But these other guys who put on his big act like they're the experts in a really understand about papaya, Nate talked to this one and they spoke to the coach and big stink and deal. Okay, go take your showers in the empty locker room with each other and stop pretending, okay? They're celebrating right now. They're rubbing their hands together because all they know is that big skin. It's all they know. The only other skin they know is the foreskin. The foreskin and the pigskin. That's all they know. Trust me what I tell you. Whether it's the little dog or the big dog or the hot dog, whichever dog it is, hop aboard, that's all they know. So it's been wonderful and it's been great and some of us have been, you know, in there and fighting and screaming and trying to beg and plead and tell people, hey, here's something good to take a look at it and the game too. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. I deal. Yes sir. What are the excellent season and what a game last night. Yeah, what a way to camp it off. It's almost like we won when you come right down to it. That's the, well, we did where he's to conference camps. Yeah, but I mean even the game last night, it's I feel like almost we wanted. Oh, yeah, so the effort was just unbelievable. Yeah. I had to go to work. I went 30 in the morning and I went, oh, seven. I'm still watching the game. And there was no way I was going to leave before. You know, we know that. You know, the outcome and how it came out. But what a goalie tool. Oh, just make you know the phenomenal. They were both unconscious. That game you've tried you relish in treasure and keeping your mind because you don't seem like that all the time. Now you could go to games for another 30 years. You may never see one like that again. Oh, that was the best. The guys that put them so proud of them. I'm proud of just proud of being a Panther fan. Go, Panthers. Okay, pal. All right. See you. Open line on the green line. 1-800-944-4-9463. We'll get some more information from somebody who sounds and looks like Jeff Moss and some other people over there. And it will pass it along about tomorrow night's thing. And I'm sure that will have a lot of people out there. I don't know if we're going to have 14,000 or not. But I know some of us will be there. One way or the other will be there. Here is Weston on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. There should be more than 14,000. The streets should be filled with people. It's free. So I can't imagine my people with, I'm a little nervous in that area about who's going to show up on the inside. Yeah, we'll have homeless people in downtown my hand. Probably empty out Camilla's house. They'll be moving in. Well, I'd be better to have money inside. I think they're out in the streets anyway. Lisa, cars will be safe. And there'll be a lot easier to get there because we won't have all those assholes in the streets where there are I need ticket signs. You know, standing out blocking traffic in the middle of the roads. Yeah. Hey, now is the game of Pranell last night. Man, it was unbelievable. Yeah. There's a nail. But I had to wake up at 430 this morning, man. I barely slept. I was just hooked up out to the game. You know? Yeah. It was incredible. What a season. That there's God, man. Okay, pal. Sick, man. See you next time. Bye. Yeah. Won't be long now. Next season starts in October and the Camp starts in September. This is what, middle of what is this? Middle of June. I have no idea. Did you lie to August September? Three months. We'll be camp. And of course we got the draft. What are we going to have our big 45 hour NHL draft show, huh? And if you have. Oh boy. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Okay. Hopefully I speak for the whole floor, but thank you, Panthers. We really love you. And thank you for the great season. And also, Neil. Thank you for my Medallion number 501. Great. And this is your buddy's assignment. And I just wanted to thank you very much for all your help with the Panthers, too. Before you, I never thought I would anticipate butterflies of my stomach waiting to see hockey every other night. Yeah. And I'll be there forever. We sure got our monies worth. I'll tell you. And I said, thank you. Even though hockey is over, I still will be listening to you, not like these other owls. Okay, Panthers. All right, you know what I'm saying? Okay, fine man. That's the sign man. Just in case you missed it. It's 1038 at W-W-Y-O-D. Music Lawrence Taylor and I got plenty of energy to the heart, too. In the former NFL back, had a hundred bucks worth of crack, too. He was a better bitch. Actin' just like Stacy Kease, cocaine. I like cry healthy, why did you buy? Okay. One of Dallas' stars. My wife of me, I'm far as we're cocaine. You like a little girl in the car when you bought cocaine. They play for us, but they're all new and just cocaine. Oh, 1041, a WMD. Here's a chronic facts from some jackass out there. A baiting facts. I'd dearly agree to Sonia and he's ripping a crap out of the panthers and about me in the rats and about this. And it's from it's interestingly enough, which I wouldn't even dignify this jackass by reading his name on ear, but I'm looking at these signature on the fact thing. From Miami-Dade Community College Academic Affairs. Well, obviously, a real genius, a real rocket scientist who's got a tiny penis. Well, listen, I can relate to it so blow it out to your hand. I'd dearly agree to Sonia, a very important Neil Roger. Yeah, right. Naha. Mr. Expert. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Hi, first time caller long time listener. Yes, sir. Oh, man. I didn't think a one zero can could be that exciting. I mean, I was up to a call. Can't get too much more exciting than triple overtime in a scoreless game. Well, I guess that penguin Washington game that went quadruple over time, you know, almost to five. Yeah, it's like I'm actually kind of glad that was like this, you know, just finish it out, going out, dying, you know, fighting. Yeah, I understand what you're saying probably some people say. Yeah, I can relate to it because I'm drained as a fan. If I'm drained, I can imagine how this team must be because how many, how many big series can you keep going into it? Day after day, week after week. I mean, just sooner or later, it has got to be an end. And we didn't have a five day nice rest in there like Colorado did. We had to go. We had a fly straight from Pittsburgh and a grueling seventh game and right out to Denver in a couple of nights later, Bingo, we're back in and again. And I mean, this has been incredible this year. I mean, that's all I can say. Okay. All right, good thing what you're saying is. Okay, pal. Okay, pal. Come down. Go get some rest. We have an open line in day, 7.519463, 7.519, WOD. Only in Miami would I get a fax like the one I just referred to, which is an eight on a hundred pieces in a waste basket. It reminds me of like, you know, the guy that sends that Scrawley fax, George the one every day. That, you know, used to use a different hand right here. So I'm not saying that we really need that stupid that we even take time reading that stuff. And you wonder about what kind of life and I hate to use that expression because, you know, they don't have any life. But what kind of creatures are we talking about? What kind of pathetic quizlings are we dealing with here? Just tragic. Nothing you could wish on that. Could make their life worse than it is. And then in this letter, which you saw, because you're like typewritten, I mean, I'm talking about paragraph after paragraph, like two thousand words. And I can essay, and every word of it, Kaka just, just, I mean, stuff that it looked like it came out of the guys's spectrum. If you pardon the expression, and maybe it did. He's probably one of the assholes that was there throwing rats while a game was going on last night in cost is the game. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. The other morning. Yes, sir. This and thank you very, very much for the whole season. Thank you for everything. Thank you for my post through that I got. Thanks to Panthers, McLean, everything. Thanks for my satellite dish. Thank you. Thank you. And thanks to the CBC for coming down here with the number one crew. That was great. Just having a donchiri. I got to meet him in person in the flesh. There last night he was being mobbed by a people for autographs. He's a hell of a guy. And he was done here in Ron McLean. And Bob Cole and Harry Neale. It was great having him down here. And they got to see a pretty good act except for the rats. I have all the games saved from the CBC, including unfortunately Don's dog. So. Yeah. But did you see the special they did last night with Doug McLean? I haven't looked at the tape yet. I did needless to say, my tape runs for six hours and they ran out of quarter after midnight. And when I got home a quarter to two in the morning, I wasn't going to sit down and. No, no, no, I understand. But they did a really nice piece back at his hometown and some of some are some are side is it? Yeah, did they talk to Tim Horton at all? I don't think so. He's still looking for Don. He still busy making the donuts. Yeah, but no, the really nice. Did you know that the team he, you should see the high school picture they show him. He looks like a guy right out of the Beatles hippier. I've seen that. Yeah, that's it, but in the team he played for was a panther. Did you know that? The name of the team he is. The name of the team. They're high school team, but Manless and thanks for everything. We'll be there tomorrow with Belzon and working you say, I mean, like I told my best friend to me, our family cut my family cut by any house Pittsburgh because I couldn't go any part. I just, it was like, what more can we do? There's no more that we can do. Yes, I was concerned. I mean, we went up against the team that was with our team in league. And you know, and you know, instead five day rest didn't do that many harm. And I'm not taking anything away from them because they're a great team, but even in the third overtime, guys like Kaminsky, who played a hell of a game. I thought last night for them and the host lunch, who had a tremendous game. They were skating like the wind. I mean, you know, how long can you keep going out there? And these guys, they just never slowed down. One question I want to ask you right quick, and now that now you mentioned that, sports physical endurance and stuff. And football, they do it over there. Did they not give oxygen to the players? Do you mean hockey players? Right on the bench. During the game, I don't, not that I know of. I've never seen that. Now that Denver's back in with a team, you can't say I've been in Denver quite a few times. You can't say people who are sitting down here practicing in South Florida can go from Pittsburgh after a game in a series like that. Out to an area where the air is. It was tough. It was brutal assignment, but you can't take anything away from them anyway. No way. You can't. Have a good one. Open line of day 751. And of course, I remember the words those ringing pathetic words of pussycat man to China station on Sunday night about. Wow, having a parade for a team that comes in second. No athlete worth his salt. They would rather hug a rattlesnake as I think what he said. Then participate in something like that. Well, guess what, man, pussy. They're going to be out there tomorrow night. It's not going to be a parade, but it's going to be a big, low fest between the team and a fans. And yes, so they lost. Big stink and deal. And that'll all be there and there'll be just as great and decent and gracious. And in fact, right, Warren, who wasn't in line up last night because of a groin pull when he skated over that stick that unfortunate episode that led to Joe Sackyx winning goal in the game the other night. But the right, Warren, who was up there in the section to our right, just a couple of sections over. And I noticed him. I don't know if he was up there the whole night, but he was up there in between periods at one point. And man, when they discovered him up there, they just baraged him. And he was signing autographs and talking and smiling. These guys are just a rarity. It's an especially during an era of time when you got all these assholes and sports. I mean, on and off the air, it's a breath of fresh air to find a bunch of guys like this. You won't find it very often. And of course, this is a typical hockey. I mean, you got a few jerks to like Tom Baraso and some other guys who, you know, he's going to have that many guys. It's going to be a few jerks, but generally speaking, these are the best guys for the median for the fans. And it's appreciated. 1048 at Wiod. Well, thank Robert. It's more than he bargained for. The citizen showing threatened. He's own gun out and shoots the would be Robert right in the head. No best news. He's talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Not that judge. Okay, 1051 at Wiod. We're just having a real party over here, but that cigarette is really, uh, Vrontio. That's worth an ace to guard. I've ever smelled. Here's, uh, what are we doing? I'm my eyes are foggy. I mean, I have no idea where I am, but all I know is I'm content. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, I'm doing. Okay. How about those Panters? Yes, I love them. And I appreciate being turned on soon by you and everybody else turned stuff for it. I watched five hours of hockey last night. Yeah. On the edge of my seat, I couldn't believe it. What time was it when it gave me to do about 1.15 to 1.15 after. Yeah, about 1.15, 120. And I was like, I couldn't believe it. I've never watched hockey before my life until they went into the, the playoffs with the, uh, uh, Bruins. Bruins, yeah. And I'm a bandwagon jumper. I'm glad to say it, but I'm a good bandwagon jumper. I'm going to be here for the rest of the duration of this team. Yeah, well, right now that it's all over. Now is the point at which we'll be able to separate the good bandwagon jumpers from the fatty bandwagon jumpers. Because those guys are, uh, lead Prague right off the thing and you want to be here and from them again. I got my two pants, just flags on my truck right now, flying them around, proud my heart's pumping. I'm so proud of these guys. No matter what happened, it's everybody should be proud of their Panthers. And we better have a gigantic packed house there tomorrow night. I'll be there. Prices right. Hey, listen, I was watching, uh, unfortunately, the Fox track, uh, which blows the gold blows. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, that asshole Rick Sanchez. I don't know if you saw this. He said they're talking to that, uh, Kelly girl. And they're showing the Eastern Conference Cup, right? The one that they were trophy, right? Right. And Rick goes, well, there's the Stanley Cup. He's looking at that. That's what everybody's shooting for. That's what I, I don't know. I Rick, you tell, baby. Oh, that's a piece of crap. Yeah. What on this? What on this cup, Rick? You wouldn't believe it. And then after it was over, Kelly goes, uh, Rick, I think that was the conference cup. He goes, oh, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, whatever. What an asshole. Yeah. I mean, give me a break. He wouldn't know a cup if he was wearing one. I don't think he asked to wear one. Probably not. I don't know what I understand. Anyway, shameless request. Yes. He's played it already, but the, uh, without the guitar version, that girl singing that song. The alcohol. No, you got to request for with guitar and alcohol. I'm not going to. I'm going to get to the unplug. Okay, pal. I love it. I love you too, Neil. See you. See you. We're a fan there. Bye-bye. Okay. We have an open line on the Abraud line. See during the regular season that I've told you that, that when you go to a panther game, the crowd is going to be like the most clean cut the most, uh, I hate to say good looking, but they're a lot of really good looking people in there. But I mean, you know what I'm saying? Like living in breathing fairly well dressed. I mean, casual in a lot of cases. They're, they're not all there in there. Yuppies suits like at the heat games I understand, but it's, it's just a real nice. They're always going to be a few drugs and idiots, but generally speaking, not very many, especially compared to football games. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Of course, we don't have tailgate parties before hockey games that may have some of the do with it. See, there's some of these Yahoo's. I don't want to say red and X are white trash, but there's some of these people. All they know going to and sporting event is just how blitz they can get before it starts. And then, of course, keep adding to it while it's going on. So they can especially be more obnoxious than usual, and especially try to detour everybody else from being able to enjoy themselves. And usually they do a very good job. But we don't have an awful lot of that, but now during the playoffs, we've had this, this extra element that's come in. And it's really unfortunate because they're not representative of what has ordinarily gone during the regular season, even when we have had sell outs. And we've had plenty. But see, there I am being picky again. I want to choose who can come in and who can't. And I guarantee if I could do that, we'd have one swell crowd. Okay, here's Miami Beach. Well, is it me? Oh, it's all the schmutz on this thing. I feel like I'm going blind. This thing is so schmutz stuff. It's probably all the stuff in the room, no doubt. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you? Okay. They are lit 75% of the plane was located. They said to the tall. About your pardon? 75% of the value of jet that's all they found. And so they have a sign in the Atlanta. Why value of jet? One fourth off. Do they? Yes. Uh-huh. And that's it. Okay, brilliant. Okay, we have an open line in date, 751. I didn't tell you. He didn't tell us which fourth they could off. That's bad. That's really bad. Especially for people out there who are finding like body parts. And I'm surprised, channel 7. And you know, here's a hand over here. Here's a finger. Oh, look at this. Look at what this might be. Oh, it's just a thumb. But that's what it's all about. They're a bunch of grave robbers. They don't care all these people in the media. And just a bunch of horror mongers. Just like this thing with channel 4 coming over here. Just manipulating and using me for fun and profit. And never at any point discussing like, well, how about we give you like something. Besides a headache. Don't you think they should give me something over there? I'm not talking about monetary. That would be out of the question. But I mean, like something like send us over lunch today or something. Anything like a t-shirt. Yeah. Like a Brian or a cross-d-shared. I'd be proud to wear that. Not. So anyway, here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, sir. Another exhausted panther panther panther. Oh, man. I'm drained. Fortunately, I got to land that and watch it. But we found a new use for rats last night. Watching very milleros get tilted between periods. Made it all worthwhile. Yeah. Well, it's just so tragic. What went on there, there's no words to describe the nightmare that went on. While a game was going on in these idiots throwing rats on the ice and causing platobies stopped. And the face off to come outside. They're blue line with 44 seconds left in regulation. The rat thing is so has been so destroyed by these Johnny completely idiots. No, I'm serious. It's pathetic. Those are the same people we had. We had no problem. We had no all the regular seasons. And it was early in the year when his rat thing started. I'll never forget it all year long. We had very little problem. And you know, it got a little bit more extensive. But all of a sudden we get these interlofers who come in there with eight. And they think that now more is better. It would be like going to a Detroit game having them throw 6000 octopus on the ice. You know, I get a little famous on that one. Listen, did I hear you right? There's only three months till hockey season. Three months till camp, till September. The season starts October. I don't know what the date is, but like early in October. I probably run the fifth or ten. We'll be counting the days. Right. What does it mean when you flip during commercials over to the Doosh to watch roller hockey? Are you hooked? I guess so. Either that or have no life or another. Well, my wife was asleep. That was going to be the next line. All right. Neil, we will see you tomorrow night. I'll be there. Thank you. See you. We have an open line at Broward 5249463524Wild. Here's sunrise. Hello. Good morning, Neil. What is this? I got a few things. What day is it anyway? Oh, geez. I forgot Tuesday. We ran into a bus. We played pretty damn well. I'm so proud. I flew my flag today. The way them guys played. I would never fly a flag after the dolphin game. The way they played some time. Unless it was upside down. Exactly. But like you said, could you imagine this team was leaving how would terror hearts out? Yeah. I'm glad just staying. Yeah. We've gone from the depths of the spear. And of course, that was a real good excuse during the middle of the season when we had our usual 2, 3,000 empty seats. Well, we got a lot of people who are ready to come join in here because they don't want to get emotionally involved with the team that's not going to be here. They always are really good at coming up with excuses. That was a very popular one. And it looked really grim for a while there. And we were walking around with long posts. And then all of a sudden, not only are they staying, but we're going to get a great state of the art arena right in my neighborhood there in a place where it's safe. And then we go through all of this. Well, I enjoyed the ranting, but like you said, next year, it's definitely got to go. It's history. Got to go. They've killed it. Yep. Okay, Neil. Okay. The next year. I'll be there. I'll be there. Although I'm not really sure where I'm going to be sitting. I got to make sure you talk to Jeff Moss the next time. He remembers that promise he made for me. I mean, it's not, is it personal, is it business that I'm not going to be, because I'm not expecting a Cox broadcast. He'd be buying me tickets for next talky season. Since we're not going to be owned by Cox broadcasting starting at your norm. I'm saying, plus who wants to be near that anyway. I'm sorry. Yeah, I just assume move just a little ways away. I mean, there's some very nice people in our section. I'm not saying I want to move out of the section, but at least far enough away. So I don't have to smell. I mean, be too close to them. But we'll see about that, because I know the packs and people they got a box. They don't just mucky around with a few seats here and there, but they got a box. And if I have to pay for my own, that's great. Because this season I paid for two extra is anyway. And then Dennis left town. By the way, Dennis, well, what a bad choice. Here it is, guy. I always got a lovely girlfriend up there in Atlanta and all this other stuff. They got himself a nice job up there. But here's a real died in a wolf fan. Would come there and get all agitated and worked up to a ladder, which I enjoyed. But Mrs. All of this. You know what they say, life ain't always fair, Dennis. Say it like this. 610. W-I-D. W-I-D. W-I-D. You was talking entertain the radio. 610. W-I-O-D. Huh? You want to try that again? Oh, my goodness. Look at that. You changed my time a day and I don't know what I'm doing. Alright. What in the world is that mean? Did we change our way back on standard time now? What does that mean? Yeah, it's just as late for me. I got confused. Because you can't say new and a clock. Yeah, you can. It would make just as much sense with what you just said. That's the point. Okay. I think you're done. Well, me fix it. Yeah. Yeah, you're done. Thanks. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Or any fatter than Hank Goldberg. Oh! There's a dream that lives deep in every heart. Here's God's and name. Let's leave them heart. And it's worth the sweat. And it's worth the pain. Because it's just as bad as a car. I'm just right now. He's done it. Water the nest. Look along. She got it to the corner. He got my shepherd. And it's cleared back down the ice. All the rattle changing. The penalty colors. Strike ahead of me. A fast move to pick it up. You did. Got it in over the line. So that's it. Drop the back. Shot stand. Shot stand. Shot stand. Prolong by theつ for the mob. To the spirit of the strong For the famous rise In the midst of the strong In the spirit of the day Emotions of the strong For the chance that you never got here For the Lord The chance that you never got here Okay We love you, Panthers, oh yes we do The way you skate and score and follow through Bring on yager and swam you Oh Panthers, we love you Oh we love you, screwed land Oh yes we do Yeah Even when you took that double two First ficing, brindom or clean through Oh screwy, we love you Oh we love you, Malambi You're aware it's that You made the season, you're aware Why my very favorite cat Scott Malambi, where it's that Yes we love you, need her, Meyer You've really bloomed Like a flower in a sunny room Oh You're gonna skog in, where you're soon Rob, need her, Meyer, we love you Scorescore, babe Like we love you, beaver Oh yes we do With your mighty past and gruffin' to We'll give the credit where it's due Van B's for quee love you Oh we love you, Lansing Oh yes we do You'll be coached a year Because it's true Unbelievable You brought us all this way Who knew Oh Pants and pants, we'll give the credit where it's due We'll give the credit where it's due You brought us all this way Who knew Pants, we love you Unbelievable Okay, 1110 and WOD, do we just play that all day? Okay, and then I'll wake up and maybe we'll be back for tomorrow So tomorrow night we got our big thing at the Miami Arena 7 o'clock, 630 to get to go to be open I'm wondering wouldn't it be a lot easier If those of us who are season ticket holders like sitting in our regular seats? Well no you're smiling But in other words, depending on how many people show off It would be, I don't know I guess people will sit where would they want to sit Whoever gets their first to go and sit down low close to the glass And they're close to the people And whatever We'll see I don't know I have no idea what they got in mind It'll be great If they got free food of course Because fat rich, I'm sure I'm going to give up the track If they're in no free food I could tell you a story about that fat bastard Last night he gets in there He gets into somebody else's the Writer moving people's box What he's doing up there? I have no idea, eat all their free food One other game he was up there And somebody else's box where he didn't belong And going over next door to the heat box Like he knows something about the money He's eating all their free food I was going rich Here's the cutlerage Hello Yes sir What's going on buddy? I don't know Hey, I just wanted to say Open line in date 7 519 463 751 Wildee and yeah There you go Was that the man is doing a voice sound He had no idea about the boatjangle He had a doll sound You know what I'm talking about? Here's the cutlerage The kind of sound that the crew only come from Tom Jack Okay, here's Marcelo on a purple line Marcelo I thought we got ready you already I got a shot head but we're not ready I thought we got ready you No, no, I wanted to call And just to express that Yesterday's loss with the best You see I've ever seen I've seen that After maybe the first second game You can see that they're tall in Wasn't as good as Colorado But with yesterday's game Even though it was a sweep The game was unbelievable They just put up so much effort With so little talent That it was unbelievable Well, I would say with so little talent That's the meaning to that But yeah, I've relived the overmatched But when you got the big balls you go out there And it does make any difference We were overmatched in the Pittsburgh series We were overmatched in the Philadelphia series And we didn't let them make any difference Exactly This time a little bit too much overmatched And a little bit too much You can only you can only You can only drag it out so long Before you finally run out of gas Exactly I mean that 30 T's just expressed You know how much effort they wanted To try to have it You know going to a five-day series Maybe come back to my army for the sixth game And I just wanted to say thank you For turning me on to hockey It was a great 30's And I hope that more than 14,000 people show up there Tomorrow I'm not going to be on fortunate I have to get a tell But I hope that it's packed And I hope people are partying out in the streets And I'm really celebrating this effort And just to say also thank you to the Panthers And to the Beezer And George and Neil Everybody's a guy in the Panthers Okay, Marthau Can you do me a favor, Neil? Oh my god Oh, I see you here with my gang What's it? What is it? Some highlights Of what? Michaelang? Michaelang? Yeah, what does Michaelang got to do with this? It has nothing to do with this But I think he's unbelievable Marthau, can I give you a little bit of a clue Okay, the hockey season is over Okay, it's over I'm not going to sit here all during the next four months Doing a hockey show Okay, I know that'll be a big disappointment to remember Because he needs a few lunches But I'm not going to sit here the next four months Until next season Do what a hockey show everyday Okay, we have to get back to talking about the important stuff Like whatever it is Okay, like our drooling governor Who was there last night? Okay, Marthau Okay, get out of here, see you Oh man Hey, listen, and the rumor has it That Chris Moore did such a great job on QAN That he's right up there with Mike Langna That's the spewtom that they were putting on here yesterday So I'm told Oh man, it wasn't bad enough That Mike had to come to town and read about BaWao P. Cow Kick and little Rachel's column That wasn't a slap in the face enough But now Chris Moore who's just a Mike Langna wannabe with all the stupid expressions And try to scream and yell And have some personality when he don't even really have any Now he's right in the same league with Mike Lang Right, and we won last night, 15 to nothing Right Oh, it's so sad This is a term wannabe ever coming to mind 1114 at Wild if you Safe sex in space When they're in summers WWW Dot W I O D dot com World wide baby From news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D And he puts his thumb Where they're supposed to be at penis And my biggest problem is that I'm in a fall Okay 1118 at Wild Here's the best facts of the day Which I'm not going to read I'm not going to embarrass the guy And understand he's probably got some stuff that he's going to get stuck with You know, they's trying to move out real fast Who says he's got car flags and jerseys Well that's good Have a good time with him Okay pal It's all over okay I'm not going to sit here and be used anymore Channel 4 it's all over Don't send the poor guy down here again tomorrow Because we'll have to have more rest of it to do Okay, just keep money Here's a good guy but keep money here Stay away, stay the hell away Boy talk about being used I feel right now I feel like I played in the game Like I like a limp dish rag Like I like a sponge that said Every drop of anything and it just drain from it But hey, was a fun being used Wasn't it? I guess so I guess somebody had a lot of fun in profit And they're going to be some guys Get stuck with some rats So what can I tell you? Maybe maybe some of the politicians are something Here's Miami, hello Miami, when is Diaz? Okay, and back at you Open line and day probably somebody waiting to plug his business 50% off on rats 7519463 and 1001 on a green line 10944Wild here's Cooper City Hello Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? Okay And a pancer's playing a great game in a great series They just, you know You can do nothing about it The Bezier played a great game Yeah It did the best they could You know? Yes I do It's always next year And Barry Miller is a butt plug Okay, thank you I'm surprised that he survived I'm really shocked I got a hand-want thing Do many of the balls through a sit there In that thing, like kind of right out in the opening When they put that platform out for the in-between period Crap on facts and he has been I got to give it to him because I would have thought he would have gotten slaughtered Oh, doing that He got celted by a few rats But other than that he came away unscathed Unfortunately Yeah, hopefully he won't be calling any games next year Yeah, maybe you'll get a coaching job with some stupid team Okay, pal Thanks, Neil Good luck to you Open on good luck to us Yeah, Barry the ferryman Barry Melrose with that to get a haircut What are you pleased? He looked like such a jerk on there And you have no idea what you're talking about And then Steve Shapiro, I got to say this something good Not just because he's on channel 4 over there But yesterday he was doing a live thing at 620 from the arena And the ESPN people were rehearsing and sitting around and picking their nose And he said, oh yeah, he says there's Barry Melrose over there For me, ESPN, who you picking the nightberry in the camera pan over And we looked over like really shot face like a cut off car Like what are you doing? It's to be panther's panther and Shapiro says, yeah That's because you're sitting here in Miami You jackass That's what he should have said Right there on channel 4 But you know the problem And my biggest problem is I don't want to fall No, the problem is channel 4 is a little uptight Like that T-shirt I held up the other night They had it on for like what? A quarter of a second, it got on here but real quick Colorado sucks What's wrong with that? Yeah, they got a great team but they still suck I know a lot of people may be pretty great But they suck too It's 1121, it's 1121, it's 1121, it's 1121 1121, it's 1120, it's 1120, if you You was talking entertainment radio 610 W-I-O-D There's a painful fact about Neil Rogers you should know That's a major cause of stiffness and swelling Every week millions of people around the world tune into Baywatch Just to see Pamela Anderson leaves really big breasts Now Pamela Anderson leaves her really big breasts To the big spring in a futuristic techno thriller So you're a leatherclad bounty hunter Out to extract vengeance on the terrorist who killed your boyfriend That's right Uh-huh You know you have really big breasts I sure do Yes Pamela Anderson leaves has really big breasts And now they're bigger than ever in Blue-Bwire If you're a bounty hunter, how come you don't have a gun? I don't need a gun Why not? Because I have really big breasts And I know how to use them Take that And that That's wonderful I've been with my left breast Followed by a quick jab with my right breast And a flurry of right left hooks with both breasts Before finishing you off on a quick left breast Hook to the thing Well my nipples are registered with the police It's deadly weapon Pamela Anderson leaves a really big breast And a star in Boob-Wire Boob-Wire That would be a good idea Okay, 1125 A WOD Maybe that's what the problem last night We had too many boobs in Irina Not here from too many women here this morning all of a sudden You know this all these Serapy women have been called in these last few weeks Since we've been so hockey intensive and panther and playoff intensive All these real died in a wall I mean they're like live it and die and they're like out there Sniff and jox straps and that's just at home in the morning But you know that one woman called Rick this morning I thought she was going to like bust a gut right there Any of them's the press I feel so bad about what? What could you possibly be depressed about? How much more of this insanity could we endure? Could anybody I mean it was phenomenal it was great But we all need a little bit of coming back down to earth now A little relaxation How much more could anybody endure? Another three games Here's a lady in Hollywood Hello Like I said hello Hello Yes, man? Hi, how are you doing? It was an awesome season No one would have thought we'd have gotten to the cup We just did a great job And for all those people who jumped on the bandwagon And were jumping off They can stay off and let the real fans Please don't darken our door again any time soon Some of these phony, some of these works You know it was frustrating because going to the games We had to pay big bucks We went to most of the regular season games We should have gotten the season tickets But it was too late to do that And it was tough buying the tickets Paying a lot of money and seeing all these rich, nitty people Coming in and hearing them sit around Go, oh look at the two bonds go And it's Jason Wully with the park And then you know Well they look a lot alike Yeah, well I guess I don't know But you know it was tough Not most of them didn't know But I'll be there tomorrow night Chair and them on It was great, it was a great run And I just wanted to thank you for For giving us extra excitement The past few months and turning so many people on And we have something to look forward to next year And we will proud of the guys and you're awesome Amen Thanks, sweetheart Thanks Thank you, Marum Open line of Broward 5249-463524WB All these people in the media again who come up with All these different negative angles And Michael Mayo by the way Which I used to think he was a pretty good sports writer Dave Hayden, Dave Joseph, our outstanding over there at the Sun Sentinel But Michael Mayo I thought was okay I thought And his calm today was okay It was kind of like a non-descript Although it's kind of you know, it must have been tough for both papers The thing game ended in one 15 in a morning So they probably had to write Two different articles, one just in case they wanted one And he was a little bit more focused on the game But he was a little bit more focused on the game But he was a little bit more focused on the game But he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game And he was a little bit more focused on the game But hey, we got a lot of experts in this town And like I said, if just Tim Horton would have shown up Just before they scored that winning goal before a UE group Well, in fact, if it would have been Tim Horton Shootin' it the other way Here's Boca Tim, somebody else who got the donuts And the bagels ready for you Just got not that plain Tim Here's Boca, hello Well, Neil Yes sir Hey, talking to a first time caller and a season ticket holder All right And I've never called your show before, obviously But I didn't send that Yeah, I do appreciate all the support you give And the team is here, I don't usually listen to the program for personal reasons But nonetheless Personal reasons Yeah, well, you know, it's a little too abrasive from you Okay, well, I understand it, I'm pretty relaxed But I do sit in the two sections away from you And I talked to a lot of people that are sitting close behind We do appreciate all the support that you did give the team throughout the season Now, are they also finding a brace of it? I'm not sure if it's some of them listen Okay Yeah, but you know, between that and tuning in everyone's normal Yeah, that's okay just to see Because some days I'm not quite as abrasive or obnoxious You know, all the pins on the lay at the land of what you have to do to get some response here, you know Yeah, I understand But as I said, I do appreciate all the support you give in the team One thing I did, I'm upset me last night was, you know, hoping that these rats I never show their face a season Because at one point when we were really a pressure in the issue And they thought it was a goal But at the same time, I had to be there for two seconds left in a game And the idiots are even rats on the eyes to the point where they got to stop the play They are our eyes is littered with rats I thought we were going to get something going at it They take the face off outside the blue line And it was like somebody sticking up in a balloon and see the arrogant Yeah, was, we had them on the run Checked at that point But listen, thanks again for all our support And I'll keep listening and take care of Okay, pal, see you there in Palm Beach where I guess I am found to be extraordinarily abrasive up there and I do understand they tend to be a little bit more gentile as a gentile up in Palm Beach. A lot of gentiles up there. 1-800-9-44-49-463 are we getting any more info? I mean I don't know that we need any more info about tomorrow and I'll say it again. I want to keep plugging this because I want to make sure we got a gigantic crowd there tomorrow night. The postseason celebration and I wonder if Mad Dog's going to be there because he already said that athletes would rather hug a rattlesnake than be at some kind of a celebratory thing for being a runner-up. I don't understand that. I see because even the first season when we missed a playoffs by a point I'll never forget that last home game of the season. As I recall the same thing happened again last year. Last home game of the season when the players stood around and after the game after last home game and we had missed a playoffs I think it was against Quebec as a matter of fact which is now the Colorado Avalanche, Stanley Cup Champions. But anyway it was a pretty poor performance on our part but nevertheless the real fans, those of us who were there stuck around and the players threw up all kinds of t-shirts and hockey sticks and pucks and everything they could get their hands on and went around to rank and shook hands with a fan. Just had a great time. It was the beginning of a love fest between the real fans and the players and the coaches on his team even though some of those changes of course but it was a great moment. And what tell us wrong with that and people aren't going to go out there with the attitude well you guys lost. Your runners up you only got the Prince of Wales Cup over there not the how anybody could come on the air. I mean this station does stand for nothing when we can put a bozo on the air or would come on here Sunday and go through that whole diet tribe. I guess you know you got to kind of rattle everybody up. I know what that's all about but is it really that desperate that you can't have an intelligence and conversation. I guess when you don't know much about what's going on you can't. So you have to start with some absurd point like that and say well they don't want to be involved in anything like that because being losers is a mehatiatiatiatiatiati. Yeah take your three rings mad dog and stick them up your ass. Here's my amy. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I need all your doing. How did you see the game last night? Did I see the game? I suppose everybody will stop watching this. I was at the games sir. I was an awesome game. Yeah. Panthers went out with pride. Right. I thought that was very classic of the crowd chanting bees are after he let the colon. Right. And I guess I got nothing else to say. I hope we have a good season next season. It'll be better. It'll be a better team. I don't know if we're going to have as much success. The plan against a very good color. The best team I think. I think there's nobody better than them. You're right. And I guarantee it. Keep up. They did give a great afternoon. Amen. Okay. Okay. Bye. I was starting to say and we talked to Brian Murray yesterday. This guy is one of the sharpest in the business. He did a great job and to try it. And he's going to do it the same. He's already done miracles here. And you know just like he said, we need a couple more guys who can stick to puck in the net. You can't score four goals in four games like we did in this final series. And expect to win any of them. And we didn't even know what Vezers played last night. You know, although I guess we could have scored five and that would have done it for last night. But you just, you got to score more than that. Amazingly in a Pittsburgh series, big game. Keep in mind, Pittsburgh's got a pretty poor defense and it's a different story. But in that series in our wins and three of the wins, we scored five, five and four. And then in the last game, we beat him three to one. So we were scoring a few goals in that series. But generally speaking, our biggest problem has been anemic offense. And we need a couple of good goal scores. And maybe one more good solid defense. But and then keep in mind also that the maturity to a lot of these kids are going to have Joe vanoski who is now already a superstar. Boy, did that could play another phenomenal game last night. Did was he throwing a body around or what he was incredible last night. Super star already. And the Vorax going to be phenomenal. And Strak is going to butcher up a little bit. Put on some weight to work out over the summer. And hopefully be a little bit stronger and be able to play center offensively and defensively. He was real dangerous again last night. But he's got to butcher up his defensive work a little bit. And the need of my recourse reading, he also had a great game last night. Made a tremendous move. Nearly ended the game. Made a phenomenal move all alone. Winning on Patrick the Frog and just couldn't stick it underneath him. That's, I got you know, Patrick Frog. I hate him. It's very difficult for me to be objective. He was with Montreal Canadians all over the years. And I hate him like poison. But for last night again, here's the guy, you know, that expression of money player. When it tips around the line, these guys show up and he did again. That damn frog. It's 1135 at WIOD. Since a dolphins talk fool you, it's still 610 WIOD. It's still the home of the dolphins. And when the ice melts, we'll bring you up to speed on all of JJ's doing. So, that's who dolphins on radio. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. My vagina really gets my panties in a while. This father's day, let him know how you truly feel. Dear dad, you taught me to be brave and you taught me to be strong. And now on this very special father's day, I just like to ask you one more question. Where in the hell is my job a part of the event? Yes, this father's day, let him know how you truly feel with a dead-beat dad card from precious greetings. Get yours today. 21 till noon at WIOD. Wayne Arnold's come with some food force later, which should save the buns of course. He don't even put the buns on a stuff for us because he knows some of us are running at for me that it. Yeah, you're going to be just a ported down. Then you'll be out sick again tomorrow on Friday in a few days after that. So anyway, we got the big party coming up at the arena tomorrow night. And those who are saw our posts, those of the people who were thrown the extra rats last night. We'd like you to show up and we're going to beat the living crap out of you. And that's right. We got a butt. We got 10 big guys that Tony at the nose just brought in from Chicago. And we're going to take care of those guys that were thrown the excess rats on her last night at the wrong time. Please show up. Here's a lady in plantation, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes. You know, since you were at the game, you probably don't know what a lousy job he has peended broadcasts in this. Well, why should they want to change now? I could not believe. And you know, here we were in the second period of overtime. And they kept shrinking the screen to advertise that, you know, the 20 minutes will give us an update and putting baseball scores across it and everything. How about that? Oh, I had to do that. It's a bit. Yeah. They were disgusting and you know, one dimensional, you know, sometimes and not only that, but there's another way to do that. You know, you can put the crawl on your real small at the bottom if you really have any appreciation of being able. But they just don't understand. They do not understand. Right. And they had a newspaper from Denver that they had already printed how they got it in Miami. I don't know. But they showed it where they had already printed that the Denver had won. They have the newspaper ready. But they always do that. They always have it like a dummy ready just to. Okay, but they didn't show Miami just Denver's. They were so one sided during the whole thing. It was incredible. The only time they showed the Panthers was when they were miserable or the coach was mad or, you know, they kept emphasizing and showing the other team. Well, they hate us and we don't give a crap. We hate them just as much. I think they were in all room. I think it was good that they were the pets. Thank God for my satellite dish. Really? I wish I had one. Hi, Beth. But also, they really. Those people that threw those rats really, they ought to be just castrated. If I could tell you how angry the rest of us were when that stuff was going, I mean, everybody was looking up in that general area just trying desperately to see and fight out who it was that was doing it. And I guarantee you, they would have been on the ice next. They would have come tumbling down whether they liked it or not. Really? They were obviously on the Bionwagon, not through a fan. That's right. We got through the whole season without any of that crap. And now all of a sudden we get a bunch of rowdy, a truck and morons who just come and think they were at some kind of an orgy or something. Right now, and just like the people are looking at me this morning because I'm driving around with my flag, still and they're looking at me like what the spark you lady they love. They're still good team and they were like, I saw some flag people there. Nothing wrong with that. We got nothing to be ashamed of. It was a phenomenal success. Right, because they didn't win the cup. They're no good now. That shows that those are the ones that are not true. Those are the ones that are sleeping with man. It's right. Okay, sweetheart. Well, everybody needs to tell you, stand on it, man. As much as I hate channel 7 with their little flashing light, it's still better than ESPN. Okay. All right. Have a great one. Open line of Broward 5249463524Wild. It's amazing how difficult people can take something that's relatively easy. I mean, there's a lot of technology. I'm not saying it's easy in the strictest sense of the word, but generally speaking, once you've done it a few times, and for a few seasons, it's not really all that tough to tell about a hockey game. But boy, between ESPN and Fox, they sure have come up with all kinds of novel and unique ways to screw it up for everybody, especially ESPN with that obsession they got with that end zone kind of view from behind the net where you can't see anything and you have no perspective. It's just why you haven't talked about it. I get dizzy just thinking about it. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Neil, what's up, guys? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm doing good. Let me tell you something. I love to offer deck. First came in all year. Guy next to me, the winning is throwing the rat down the ice with 44 seconds. Right. Old man comes starts pointing fingers that cops have to refrain them because they want to get guy wanted to kill the guy and the lower section throwing the rat. It was unbelievable. Police were there and everything. It was unreal. Did they get who it was? Well, they were all pointing and then the cops with the walkie talkies went up and dragged one of the people that threw the rat down. All right. That's one of the arena or whatever. Good. I think the picture is photo ID. I hope they shoot size. I hope they never let the asshole in or again. We like this. The first came I've been to all year and I saw I call you to just tell you, you know, listen to show all the time. Guy me in the hockey. Love to play off. It was unbelievable. And I totally in the hockey fan now. You know, probably when the people that everyone hates because you know, I finally go to a game and all these people all year. There's have season tickets or we're going to season game, you know, tickets, games all year or whatever. But it's unbelievable. And the one thing with the rat, I mean, I loved it. But I mean, that's crazy. With that end of the game through on rats on the ice. Yeah, it's all over now. All right. Now take it easy. OK. Thanks. All right. Next person, by the way, that now tomorrow, I get all the rats out of your system because it's just a party, it's just for fun. You're ain't going to be no game. And yeah, probably some people are shoved to my night say, what time is the game start? But get rid of get it out of your system because next season, anybody throws one single rat out there. It will be shot on site no questions asked, including Marty Hezinga. Poor Marty, she's got to be psychotic now because that got to be one of her favorite parts of the whole thing. And she's going to have to leave her sack home in the rats too. Love him 45 at WIOD. Use talk at entertainment radio, 610, WIOD. Oh, Neil, my queen. God. Paul in. Ted. Park. Park. Colib. Colib. Colib. Right. Come back, trailing. It's lots of fun. Come back, trailing. Lots of fun. Grab my trigger and shoot my gun. Grab it. Trigger. It's good. I like marching. It's full gear. He likes marching. It's full gear. I like bringing up the rear. He likes bringing up the rear. Here's the fence I got to scare. Oh, my God. I'm broken. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. He's broken. And I'm around a road. You're right. And I'm around a road. He's right. And all one two. And all three four. And all one two. One two. Three four one two. Three four. Marks and trout and marching on. Marks and trout and marching on. We won't wear no pink chiffon. We won't wear no pink chiffon. Army life is all I need. A loser, green and give me sweet. A loser, green and give me sweet. A loser, green and give me sweet. Captain made me dig a ditch. Captain made me dig a ditch. Drill sergeant is such a bitch. Just like in a such a bitch. Corporal's make my short ass curl. Rubble make his short ass curl. Rubble make my flag on furl. Rubble make his flag on furl. And my rudder all right. My rudder all right. He's right. Round all one two. Round all three four. Bring it on. One two three four. One two three four. Eleven forty in a WLT. By the way, Scott Weinstein also known as Mr. Rat there. The arena is very upset with Steve Ornell. He wants Steve to know. And case Steve might be listing this morning that it was not me in a right out fit during the ruins series or any other series. Okay. And he says the proof is that that thing he's dragging around behind him or in front of more rare rotators. It's a lot bigger than anything Oliver Be dragon. And boy Scott, there's a fan for you. Go through all that makeup. I wonder how many hours it takes him to go through that whole thing and put all that makeup on and then that rat costume. And then sit there five hours and 15 minutes or whatever the game was last night. Fits against brains out. What a guy. Either what a guy or crazier in a bed bug. Here's a pig reporting west and hello. Anyhow how you doing. Okay. Well, I'm emotionally drained out all about you. Yes. What a game. I think it'll get home and talk about quarter to three this morning. Quarter to three. Yeah. Probably hung out. Okay. I have to regret that. What more can can these networks do to screw up our viewing pleasure. You know, ESPN with the stupid junk around like there's second left to go. You're probably the most exciting game all season. And we want to see baseball scores. Oh nice. Beauty. Yeah. Anyway, the double stupid pig report. I mean, we got to get back to the regular business. And right. Right. In Western. I'm trying to get down here to my amy to come to work. At the intersection of West and Road and the Arvite Parkway. I know you know the intersection. The light is out. It's red and all directions. So folks are kind of directing themselves through nice. The the be like going back to hurricane days again. Basically, but everything stuck red and every in every direction. Great. One BSL. Striped to the intersection. Just drove through. Didn't even look back. He. He. Beautiful. Maybe Tim Horton's got the special red light on the donuts now. Well, they. The Elvis. Hmm. So he goes through a couple of people go through a lady in a gold corollish. He's got a double Q in her license plate. I hope somebody here is this contest to. To call Randy and the guys down at the ticket defense team. Eight hundred seven four one team because a broder. Pig came up right behind her and rode a ticket. All right. Beautiful job. And he's his license plate is one one one three. So thank you Mr. one one one three. Open the BS those office. You are a major asshole. All right. Now the other one the last one they're doing it again on 75. If you're southbound on 75 just before the palm. That'll express way. Watch out. They're just out today, man. I know not you mean were there out there. The the the cut in police that are watching for people that are cutting into the lane. I don't know about the cut in there they're doing the speeding trick. Oh, because every morning at the intersection of I 75 and a palm middle. They've got two sometimes three FHP holes over there. And their whole thing the only the only thing that they do is right tickets to people who are like, you know, coming in the middle lane and then cutting into the line because there's always a long line of traffic going at spot. I mean what what's the big deal with that? I mean if you put your direction line and you can get into line. What's wrong with that? Is that against the law? Exactly. No, I let people in front of me all the time. I want to get there. Terrific. You know, I get myself plenty of time to get to work. I don't understand. I'm like shooting a fishing or barrel man. They just stand there every single day. And the best part about that deal is you can be in the left lane going straight ahead and through the Gratney and over which I come in every day. You're going to be going 150 in that lane. They won't even look at you. No, no care. That's not important. Right. The priorities of the police in this town are really screwed up. And the public just his back and a lap it up. They love it. Yeah. And thanks again for a great hockey season. And thanks for the shirt yesterday. OK. Now go kether is gone when the season gets cranked up. And slow down. Yes, sir. See you. Yeah. You see I was thinking about this. I can't remember what it was. Oh, look at that. Boy the people just wild the FPNL is flickering and doing it right here. Look at that. Unbelievable. What was that? It must have been it. He works in mysterious ways. That's what I'm told. When all those people died into playing crash and he didn't hear their prayers. I love that collar that called. morning on here. I don't want to get it because I know Rick's kid is, you know, in the hospital going through a really tough time, but he's going to be okay. But said something about prayer really works. When I heard that, I just wanted to get down on my hands and knees. I mean, it's so demeaning. I mean, there are people who like get all cancer or whatever they get and die horrendous diseases and horrible deaths and they pray their brains out. And for some strange reason, he is not up there listening. He's too busy. He's too busy talking to Pat day about what amount he's going to have next year in the derby so we can make sure Pat Day wins it. I mean, the stuff, the cocka that people talk, it's just pathetic, pathetic. But the power prayer, baby, make no mistake about it. And when those people went at front fire broke out on that plane and now how many canisters did they say they have like 4 million of those oxygen can and they didn't have the protective caps on their either. So not only was it on their illegally, which it shouldn't have been there at all, but it also didn't even have the protective caps that are supposed to be on a canisters and they were just kind of piled up on it. Right, exactly. It's only like 50,000 degrees in that particular spot. So what are you worried about? And there's still our people flying on value jet and luck I've said before if your life has no value, that's the perfect airline for you. But the rates are good. Okay, let's go to a lady in Margay. Hello. Hello, hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I'm the lady who yelled at Phil about losing the game that not I don't know whether you heard it, but they played it yesterday. I was so disturbed at what he was telling this other lady about losing the game. Yeah, yes, about losing the game. I think on Monday, or all when he was implying that the game was fixed to that they were going to lose the game. Yeah, that was pretty weak. And a week, Phil. I called him up and I let him have it. Well, you know, Phil, the great, Phil, that a great job of separating us from the dolphin. So maybe now he's trying to do the same thing with the Panthers. Make sure the Panthers are never on WOD by alienating and suggesting a fixing of games, but hey, by now they should be on a exact. All right. So I said to him, did you call a Neil Rodgers? Yeah, you call him up and he said, I heard he yesterday. Do I have an home? Yeah. Well, it was me. That's how my job of you and I was trying to get you off the hook so to speak. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks, sweetheart. Happy poem. We have an open line on the green line, 1-800-944-9463, 1-800-944-WOD. You know, all those people at a one point were saying, gee, you know, this hockey talk is getting pretty boring and pretty pondering. So what are you going to come up with something else? If we wouldn't have had this tremendous run that the Panthers just had these past two months, what would have been going on here? Other than the plane crash and Steve Clark just died, but other than that, I mean, what, oh, we had the Goomba festival on Sunday. Not the Goomba we had the Goomba festival. That's right. All the boys were in town. And that's what we ought to have. Let's get right. I don't want to sound ethnic rating here. Let's get rid of the Goomba festival. And let's get the Goomba festival in here. Then we'll get some things done in this town. Then we could open up a casino at every street corner. We can have a good race, some real money in this place and to have a good time. But we don't want to do that. Oh, I forgot. That was the problem. We were having too much of a good time to last couple of months. That's why some people are very pissed off. Okay. Here's Kendall. Hello. New. Yes, sir. God. What a game. What a mono, a mono between that dredged frog, which every time I see a more doing that little rooster routine that he does with his head just makes me want to pee more. But the beaors are amazing. Oh, that's a man. He's got. He's got. Thank you very much, Neil, for a great season. Yesterday my wife and I sat there and when all those losers went through rats on the ice we said, if it wasn't over before, now they just killed it. Yeah. Oh, they buried it. People would have stayed right in the heart of it and that just ended it. But it was fun while it lasted Neil and thank you and I'm counting on my fingers, my toes and everywhere else. I can count the days until it starts again. Man, well, I need a little breather right now. I don't know about anybody else out there. I could use a little breather because I'm very hockey intensive all season long from October right on through June now at in the middle of June. And after eight months of this, I need my nerves are a little bit on, you know, afraid. I'm a little bit on edge. I need just a little bit of a breather. Oh, yeah. I thought my wife was going to eat her fingers yesterday. Yeah. Now, to the point, she said, okay, this is worse than the movie. Get the steak in my heart and get it over. Thank God for those panther towels. We had it the game again last night because I was chewing that thing. I just to a nub. I'm sure. And the towel too. Oh, most definitely Neil again. Thanks a lot. You've been great and you and the panther are God. Amen. Amen. Okay, pal. See you. I'm not going to argue with anybody who says that. We have an open line in date, 751 WID. We got one on the green line, 1 800 944 WID and we're just roll it long so we're going to sing on our song. Kind of wrapping up what's been a phenomenal ride. It's been sensational, spectacular. Anybody that wants to pee on our parade? Well, that's for you. We don't, though. We don't give it down. We're not interested in people like that in subhuman who have no concept, no class, no taste, who are like one dimensional idiots and who don't want to expand their horizons a little bit, which is fine, Hank. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I want to say one thing. Who in the hell can put down the panther's after three years getting where they did? What in the hell have they done for themselves in the last three years? Where they still at? The same goddamn place at least we made the the cup. They couldn't even get nowhere. The same day they'd situation they were before. Yeah, more of the Rangers and the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Flyers were all those guys doing this last week. They were sitting on the right, Washington, TV. That's right. They were rooting for us more than likely. Probably. You know, they're real. Not like half of these other assholes in town. Yeah. You know, now nobody might go down. I guarantee you won't see none of them. It's tomorrow. And I hope not to. I agree with you because I, you know, it could be, it could be anything. We could have 5,000 people. We could have 30,000 people. She'll try to get in there. They're only going to let the first 14,000 in. But it does. So I have no idea, but I sure I'm with you. I don't want any of these phonys, any of these plastic people, any of these jackasses who know nothing about it, who just tried to grab onto a good thing because they figured it was a good thing to do and just put it all to them. Yeah, but even all these reporters, how can they, how can they put down the panthers? It's only three years. There's hockey teams that have been out there for over 50 years and they're still in these veterans standing. Yeah. You know, who in there are these people? What do they know what they're like? Okay. Thanks a lot. How about you, pal? All right, bye, bye, bye. Okay. Over 50 years and they haven't gotten there yet. Well, I guess if they haven't done it in 50 years, they're not going to well. That's true. Let's see Detroit 55 and here it is. It's 41 years later. So he's pretty damn close to the truth. 41 years and they haven't won a cup. Chicago 61 and of course Toronto Maple Leafs are all guess right at times so we don't have time to talk about that. Well, first choice of windshield washers under I-95. W-I-O-D Miami Ford Latter Day. Here's talking entertainment radio. 16 W-I-O-D.