I'm such an idiot. I'm actually a lesbian. Oh We got plastic glue. I took the sandals. Red lips. Ladder arms have tracks. She's a bad speed. Let's ride. Take a long hike. Cause we just don't like kind of friendly. Crazy little cut in love. You ignorant. What? 1007 at WOD. Happy Tuesday. Here we are. We had quite a finish to the day yesterday. And I really don't know whether to go into it on the air or not, but I guess I probably will eventually how we don't want to talk about that contratops with defo in a hallway. Defo went about two or three rounds with Phil Henry in a hall and then I guess stood around waiting for me to get off the air. And see one thing about me when it comes to a clock. Generally I got a routine here and that is for like about a minute or two I smooth with Phil Henry and find out, you know what's going on. And then I zip out that door baby and I'm gone like a bad out of hell. Which is a real good philosophy. No matter where you work when it's time to leave. Don't linger any longer than you have to okay. Don't linger around, don't hang around, don't smooth, don't get yourself into a lot of trouble. Just make a B line out the door. So yesterday unfortunately the way out the door from here goes by the little sports booth in there. The sports closet. And defo was standing there yesterday after getting Phil Henry justifiably very upset about minimizing you know, pretty decent book and talking about that six o'clock hour and a five o'clock hour and the homer did this and this one did that. And it always amazes me that these sports guys take themselves so seriously. It's just astonishes me. And so at two 15 I'm still standing there listening to this man rambling on and trying to straighten his ass out. And then at two 30 I'm still standing there and people are like wandering up and down the hallway various and sundry people. Look at this conversation going on. Not like screaming and yelling but a little bit on the animated side. And then like 245 I'm still standing there and three o'clock I finally finally managed to end the conversation. And yes, what? He wasn't ready to end the conversation. But I mean at that point I had wasted an hour of my life. I told some people this morning I could have spent a better hour on my hands and he's puking on the toilet bull would have been more productive. Then standing there arguing would Jeff the forest about how great the sports talk show is. And what a brilliant job they did in the book and how he beat the homer's ass and yada yada yada was the most incredible waste of my time in history mankind and guess what? Default I still don't like the monologues. See I don't try to tell anybody how to run their show. I don't try to tell anybody how to run their life how to run their show. I do express my opinions though and some people don't like them. Tough crap. Too bad. That's my opinion. But at least I don't single defa lot. I think that most of the sports shows I think that all of the sports shows in his town are pretty weak because most of our one dimensional and they let the colors like kind of engineer the way things go. It's always either the dolphins and the canes which nobody cares about the canes anymore because they lost a couple of games. So it's the dolphins this and the dolphins that and other heat pulled out of game last night. So somebody might mention that Pat Riley's a genius but I doubt it. And other than that there's nothing else on. And I also suggested that they not even make any reference to hockey because they don't go to any games and then Default went to a long song that it's about how he couldn't show up because he's on the air to lay to clock till about 830. And I said well that's only the start of the second period lots of the paid fans are still coming in the middle of the second period. Wow he just has an aversion to coming in the second period. I said look why don't you face it? You guys don't know nothing about it. At which point he proceeded to tell me that man did she's gone to several hockey games. He has when was that. When was this? What planet are we living on? Okay. And speaking of hockey games how about those Panthers last night? Oh everybody's ready for them to fold up like an accordion. Everybody's saying they were just a flash at a pan and meantime here they go. Another big tie they almost wanted them thing but brilliant gold tenting by the Bceran Hex stall again last night. And Panthers are right there. A tie in the all that bad. And as I look at the standings they're right there with 61 points. And sure the Rangers got 66 but guess what? The Rangers have played 48. And the Panthers have played 45. We still got three games in hand on them including the win at Washington tonight. And I'm going to say it again what a sad commentary. I was watching a really incredible game last night. Pittsburgh beating Boston 7 to 6 and overtime. Audio Bruins fans out there will pass you the knife. Twice the Penguins blew a two goal lead. Bruins are ahead 6 to 4 in the third period. Penguins are doing nothing. In the last 52 seconds the Penguins scored twice to tie up the game and send it an overtime. Then we go into overtime. The Bruins are all over the Penguins like Stink on a defo. I mean it was just incredible. And then the Penguins get a penalty which is almost never called but the Vorsky calls a penalty against Pittsburgh. And now the Bruins are just all over. They're coming with a minute of an inch scoring the winning goal in overtime. The Penguins have never gotten a puck across center ice in the overtime so far. Now all of a sudden Boston's on a power play and Mario Lemieux tips that pass away there at the blue line races on on a breakaway goes down puts it in the top of the net and scores the winning goal 7 to 6. What an incredible night, Mario. Incredible. Now that was a game. But unfortunately we couldn't see that Bruins game with the Panthers and Flyers did very exciting obviously game that ended in the 1-1 over time tie because Sunshine and Channel 33 decided I guess that wasn't a game that's worth adding to the schedule and you're not going to see it. So I did hear the last two minutes. I was able to handle two minutes of Chris Moore which is about my maximum. But nice going guys okay. They're still doing it. They're not falling apart. They're not going to fall apart. But we do the break. I've got maybe the greatest room or the day which looks pretty good for the Panthers. And you heard it here maybe not first but you heard it here and I believe it. At this point I'm beginning to believe it. Maybe swishful second but I think this could be true. 1013 at WIOD. We just kind of got a little naughty in the parking lot of a church. I'm listening to this like we drive the run and it was for the North of the clear play to have that passion cones. The Piazza midnight on news talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. I just can't stand that slow. Okay. 1016 at WIOD. So anyway I'll get to the Panther thing in just a second. First I want to mention it's with Deep regret that I announced. I guess he announced the yesterday. Of course with Phil the internet over a few serious who joking. But the Phil Henry trip to Ireland is off. The Phil Henry trip to Ireland is off. They got like six people to sign up to go on it. Our trip to Vegas is still on and we're not doing all that great. What do we got about 110? But we have a good excuse and that is the first two years. It's kind of called a Trishon is what it's called. Kind of like our audience. They die off. They fly away. They run like a battle to hell. They can't take it anymore. But the trip to Vegas is very much on on April 18th through the 21st. Call Rocky and Regal Travel get yourself on board as they say. In a day to Howard 44577 40 from Palm Beach 989888. And we're going to be staying three days in three nights at the MGM grand. We're flying like a real airline American commercial jets from 4 Loderedale in the Miami. It's 599 bucks per person for double. And you got till February 29th to pay the whole amount in. So you still got like over a month to come up with a cash. So at least get it a positive in there and get on the thing. Because we still have like 90 seats. We had 200 seats to start with. We got over 110 now. What? More than that? 111? No seriously. Do we have an update or water? That's the latest to store. Okay. Over 110. We're going to be a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more. But anyway, if you do want to go. Call Rocky in next couple of days and let's go with it. Okay. But the fill Henry thing is disturbing. That was a very high ticket thing. No question about that. Also, it's in a bad time of the year when it's quarter. Then hell over there. And thirdly, who wants to go to Ireland for a week anyway? Right, Phil? But, you know, I see these things are deflating. That's why when default came up with that phone call yesterday. Now, let me just ask you this. When I was in here with a book, the whole rating book came in yesterday. Because I know how to read it. And in the middle of a spot, Rick Rally's doing a spot. I interrupted him in the middle as I'm looking through this book. And I said, default beat the hammer in a six o'clock. Remember that? Two four to two one. And of course, at that time, I didn't realize men 25 to 54 was four seven to a three seven. Which is, you know, okay. But even so, those are not in other words when you got a two four 12 plus. I don't care how you break it down. It doesn't translate to any, no matter what demographic it is. It's not going to be a giant number. These sports guys just don't understand that the sports audience. In other words, if all I ever talked about with sports, which thank God it's not. But if that's all I ever talked about, we wouldn't be doing all that great. Right? And then default looks at me and says, well, you can talk about anything and the audience will respond to you. Right? Like they do every day here in this first hour when it's like talking to my guy, damn pericute if I had one. Which they don't. But anyway, so full, you know, did the, in, for example, is first the hour in this book. He did very, very well with a four one shared 12 plus. And let's see, two o'clock in men 25 to 54. He's got an eight three at three o'clock. He's got a seven. Now, that's not on a sports show. That's like on an entertainment show. And it's still 25 to 54 doing seven and eight's there. How you doing default? See, I just, I get nervous when sports guys try to like compare themselves to other people. See, to me, fill Henry deserves to be frustrated because he now, as I shouldn't be saying this, can now I sound like Rick Roby. I don't want to get him to be pressed. But the man works like a son of a bitch on that show. He works for hours coming up with different and creative and wild and wacky things. He's, uh, just amazing. And yet this town, which is so slow to accept anybody, he's having a, he's got a battle on his hands. The fact that Hank is even competing with him in any hour is an infomniate. It's at a disgrace. It's a, it's a sham. Because there's nothing on that hummer show that you're going to learn except what the same points bread they can read in the newspaper on a guy damn super bowl. That's about it. But there's just something about this town man. It's hard to crack him. It's hard to break through. This town, it's hard to crack through. They got a crack problem in this town as well. I think this town's all about. To make the big breakthrough, it is tougher than nails. So default, just continue doing whatever it is you're doing. If you're going to keep doing the cliches and the monologues, that's up to you. I'm not telling you how to do you sure. I don't like that. I do love by the way, which I told him in the hall, but he looked at me kind of non-plus. I do love Thursday when it got rubin' and hide on there, which to me is one of the great sports shows ever been on a radio, maybe the best ever in his town. That's a great thing. You know why? Because there are people actually giving opinions and saying something as opposed just having manwood genre, kissing Don Chula Zaz, and kissing Brian Cox's parts, and doing stuff like that. That stuff I think is not productive. There's no credibility there. The man which my student don't have any credibility when it comes to football, that often's because he's a show. He is a consummate show. And I also articulated these things in the hallway during that hour of rambling and ranting in the wasting my time. And it didn't sink in. I don't think there's, you know, where there's no sense there's no feeling. Defoe, it's not personal, it's business. I've been told him that in the hallway again yesterday. He never stole a freight train. He's an okay guy, it's not personal, it's business. That's it. But don't put yourself in a same league with Phil Henry. Because that makes me very angry. That's what Michael told Carl all. You know what I'm saying? And I got Luca Brotsy waiting for in a car outside the faux fur trip to Vegas. You like going to Vegas. Lucas out there waiting in the goddamn car with the Clemenza. So anyway, about that arena. Oh, we got to do it on the break first. Okay, what we come back, I promise I'm going to tell you what I heard yesterday. And it was not from Jeff Irmer, so it might actually be true. It was from a fairly credible source. And it looks like some good things are going to happen. Like very, very soon. Like maybe tomorrow. 10, 20, what? So we got two things to look forward to tomorrow. Maybe a really good thing happening in an outspin. And then also maybe the OJ thing to burn. Any of you watch the OJ thing on a black entertainment network Tomorrow night. I don't want to start making threats. Okay. But that's why Rick was taking numbers this morning. We will come to your house and blow you away. And everybody in the house. If you're watching that OJ thing to burn. Can you imagine anybody in their right mind at this stage of the game. That wants to watch another puff piece. In fact, the way was promoted on the news last night. And there's all different kind of stories that what it's going to be is that he's going to be on there to hawk his 29.95 video. That's what it's really all about. And of course he's picked BET, the black entertainment network because he knows he's going to get nothing but sympathy and a lot of marshmallows. Even Larry King never tosses many marshmallows. He's going to see there tomorrow night. Did you hear the thing with the guys that were talking to the guys who were going to interview him? And they said, oh no. We were not precluded from asking him any questions. We were just told which questions he wouldn't answer. Right. In other words, they've basically laid it out. This is what I'm going to say. And this is what you can ask. And by the way, don't forget to make it in that video a lot. Now, that's really great. And I heard that Caribbean guy, whatever the hell origin he is that called Rick about nine o'clock this morning. I get so angry when I hear people like that. These professional ethnics. I have never, ever heard one Jew defend Bugsie, Seagull or Myerlansky. I never heard one Faggot defend John Wayne, Seagull or Jeffrey Domer. And yet if a black guy goes out there and commits a violent crime. And even then this guy also said he was sure that he did it. But he's still defending it because it's a racial thing. I'm sorry, brother, but you're going to have to like outgrow that someday or you're going to be doing that step in fetcher routine to rest your life, till he stick your ass in the ground. You got to transcend that. You know, Barbara Jordan died the other day. Barbara Jordan to me was one of the most brilliant people who ever lived on a face of the earth. I loved Barbara Jordan. I would vote 40 times for Barbara Jordan if she could be alive and she could be alive. I would vote 40 times for Barbara Jordan. Because she's heads and shoulders above all these other hack politicians. So if you want to admire somebody who was black, somebody who was brilliant, somebody who had a brain. Somebody who accomplished something in her lifetime. And myer Barbara Jordan, not Deon Sanders, not OJ Simpson. Not Gary Sheffield, not Sammy Smith. Oh, Sammy's okay. 1023 a WIOD, you know. Use talk and entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. So Sherylson here, hacking a China kebalko to the hockey game when a break runs out and I'm trying to do a radio show and she's hacking a China kebalko. Oh, sorry. Sorry, Sheryl. You just seem to have that effect on everybody's sweetheart. Especially Jews. That's what the judge said. In fact, when I had that trial at time when I was leaving INZ, I mean WNWS going INZ in the judge, Judge Riftkin was my judge. He was a good guy. So this guy, this little Jew guy wins. He can go back to work. And I said, by the way, you're married to Sheryl. Aren't you like that? So I guess you have that effect on everybody. Don't take it personal, unless you want to. So anyway, the story is that I'm here in is that tomorrow the group that the Abraut County people hired to do the study, the feasibility study on the, the crunch the numbers on the arena and all of a sudden on the tax, the hotel tax. They're going to make their report and say that it's feasible that if the money can be raised and yati yati yati, they can do this very easily with no pain, no strain. And they can raise the 185 or 177 million. I think it is whatever the number is. And they're going to recommend that the county go ahead and do it. And then the Broward County Commissioners allegedly like the next day, which would be Thursday, are going to have an emergency meeting and at that time approve the construction of the new arena, at which time of course it would appear that the Panthers probably would stay here, even with Wayne still owning them. Because at that point, he'd have no reason to have to sell them because we're going to have the arena. Are you following that? Do you believe that? That's the obvious question. Do I believe it? Well, I don't know, but I'm, I'm hoping. Because it sounds like the first sensible thing I've heard. And now of course, it's also interesting that the various sites like the sagras people had that pull that they, and everybody yesterday, which of course the sagras makes the most sense to build it there, because I live there and it's easy for me to get there. And then number two, the one-up at Papadol Park with all that land they got a Jason to the track. I saw a Ted Stel on the news last night, how can I try and think about that and how there are very anxious to try to get to your arena built there. So now it's starting to look like something might happen here. Wouldn't that be a major miracle, huh? Would that be major or what? Yes, you can say that again. So that's my rumor of the day. And like I said, I hope to tell it's true. 1028 at WIOD. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir? Neil, I've never been a hockey team when I'm going Saturday. Yeah. To the Buffalo game. Yeah. And I got tickets through ticket master and a row you and the upper deck. Yeah. Do they allow you and they had a arena to move down the empty seats during the game? No, you know what that's like doing. It's like calling up the IRS and asking them, would you allow me to cheat a little bit on my taxes? Did I'm saying, why would you ask me a question like that? Wait, I just wondered if it's like JR over there. So you must have read that Ray Wretch and Colin in a son's set of this morning about everybody being honest. I'd rather read a column about people cheating a little bit. You know what I'm saying? Just do it discreetly and like everybody else does wait a reasonable amount. And then when all the usheres are sleeping by the middle of the second period, just go wherever you want. Okay. Thank you. That's a way to do it. Thank you. Okay. Trace the qualified out as name will be watching him at the game. Okay. Two open lines in day, 751 WIOD, the AT&T Wireless and Mobile One cellular line. The purple line, whatever you want to call it for all you mobile people is open, Pound IOD and two on the green lines. Okay. 1-800-944-9463. Look at the excitement and enthusiasm on a Serena thing. And let me say it again. This black entertainment thing with OJ tomorrow night. It's too bad that they couldn't have done it tonight. Right opposite to two important things that are going on. The president stated the union address and the more important thing, the panthers of Washington. Okay. It would be real interesting to find out how many people with those two other options would still watch the OJ crap on black entertainment, which is on all the cable systems I guess. And there will be those people who will be watching at tomorrow. Is that a sad comment? I guarantee I won't. No way, Jose. Let's see. The Leafs are playing Chicago tomorrow night. There's all kinds of games on. There's the track tomorrow. There's all kinds of options. Okay. Watching OJ on black entertainment television is not an option for this kid. No way, Jose. I don't want to hear from him. All I want to hear is when they finally start getting the testimony from the civil suit out, which Fred Goldman yesterday said there were some interesting things, but of course we don't know what they were yet. That's what I want to start hearing. I want to start hearing reports of how they nail him to across somewhere and burn his guilty ass. That's what I want to start seeing. Here's the market. Hello. Hey, hey, don't. Okay, sir. I'm a new. I'm a new. No, I don't. But, you know, I love the net. Yeah. I like the Neo channel. Oh, yeah. Why do you got to make it all the way around? Well, you know, everybody else sucks. Yeah. And. What are you doing, man? And we're here for you a long time. Are you to call your full of time? I go to a popular track too. Yeah. I mentioned a couple of times with there. Yeah. We carry side, bro. Yeah. Who's this? This isn't Mitchell. Is it? No, it's a Tommy. Oh, Tommy. You sound just like Mitchell's boyfriend or something. Oh, yeah. I don't know what. Yeah, but. And I don't know the company. I'm sure that. Well, listen, Phil has got this special now on, on dead bodies. Couldn't have said it better myself. Given quasi-motor's home phone number, okay? Maybe as Morrell, the both of them. So we have an open line in date, 751. That's our first color. They from a real moron, okay? He's from New York. Go back where he came from, okay? All you foreigners like you New Yorkers. Go back where the hell you came from already. Where are we going? We're going to, uh... Now see, here you do with us with me again today. This is the world. Oh, he's got a girl on this time. Hello. Hello. Yes. I am doing names. Okay, finger man. Listen, I called you. I tried to call you in. For the things you go for the half-protein with my phone. You had a problem, yeah. I think you still had your finger in it. I called you to say you happened to hear. Well, happy New Year to you. It's only the 20th of an error. It's only a little bit late, but that's okay. Better late than ever. No, what? I tried, but there was. I couldn't be. Everybody, I couldn't figure out what you were saying either day. What else could I have? What? Everybody wanted to, uh, you know. Yeah, to you know. Well, listen, I think you ought to make a New Year's resolution finger ran. And that is during 1996. Keep your finger out of your rectum. Would be a real good idea. In order to say, I'll tell the face the same thing. I'm wearing gloves now. That's good. That way I get you, not to pull my finger away. I'm doing it. That's great. That's a good move in the right direction. Okay. All right. Nice finger. I mean, in a, in a year. Okay. Okay. And back to you and say hi to Rector Howard too. Okay. That's finger man. We have an open line in date. 751. We got one in Broward. I can see it's going to be a swell four hours today boys and girls. But I don't care because I got the 25 to 54 numbers here. Man, hour by hour. I can read all of those and I consider it in Glowt like Defoe is doing. And guess what, Defoe? Mine's a lot bigger than yours is my number anyway. Look at those four hours men 25 to 54 10 a.m. The 2 p.m. 9.3 10.5 9.8 9.3. Oh, it's pretty goddamn impressive to me since the rain anybody else in the market. At any hour of any time doing as much even as a nine share. Okay. How do you like that, Howard? How do you like that everybody? I'll stand around in the hallway until I find somebody that wants to hear about it. I'll stand there and read these numbers off and tell you how great I am. Okay, Defoe? I'm serious. That episode yesterday. I don't know if the man's going through change of life or what it is. You don't have to convince me. Okay. I want you to beat the homer. I can't stand a homer. I can't stand QA and that station makes me sick to my stomach. An additional witch now that the homer's got that new sidekick on her who also sounds like a 17 year old Pimpley faced retard. He's going to, he'll take care of that himself for you. It's an old brainer. Why do all these people bring these goddamn clowns in there? And over there they all sound like they were about 10 years old. Sitting there to like fill the time, fill the gap. Just fill it up a lot of idle time. Here's Latterdale. No wait a minute. What the hell happened to them? What's going on here on this phone now with Spastic? Okay. Spastic is where it's at. Open line and date 751 and as soon as George gets to the hell offline for all those lines, I'll be open and Broward. 5249463. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Were you capable or were you able to read the paper concerning Mr. High Singas? Was it like capable of reading the paper? I'm sorry. I meant were you able to. Well, I cannot read. I apologize for that. I cannot read. We're Mr. Wayne, the million dollar senior, he was going to donate the catch that they never said anything about. He wanted all the gross revenues on a yearly basis to go to him. Yeah. Did you read that? No, I did not read that. Yes, sir. Today's front page. He's going to willing to give him a million dollars a year as long as he gets all the revenues. So what's wrong with that? All the revenues? Sure. All the revenues. All the gross revenue. I can't think of anything grosser than that. Hey, listen, you don't think this guy is Santa Claus anymore. Do you? No, it just takes me off the fact that they brought the gift that he was going to make two weeks. Nobody looked at me. No, I don't know if he never gave anybody anything. Okay. He ain't making no gift. The charity thing he did. That was nice window dressing. But you know, everybody needs charitable deductions. You know what I'm saying? Well, it's a hangs numbers in the afternoon or what were. Well, we're his number with what? You want me to go down the whole thing out of the line? Oh, I mean, how long she was? He didn't have lousy. He did okay. He had the best numbers on QAM. Well, that's not saying much, not saying much, but he had the best numbers on QAM. That's your two. Sure he did. Men 25 to 54. Let's see it. To 2 o'clock, Phil Henry's got an 83. Hank has got a 1-8. Or no, that's Lardez. The other Lardez. At 3 o'clock, Phil's got a 7. Hank's got a 2.9. At 4 o'clock, Phil's got a 6. Hank's got a 5.4. He's eaten more furiously and frankly, the audience has come on board. At 5 o'clock, Hank beats Phil, a 5.5 to a 4.6, which is enough to make me sick to my stomach. And then, Defo at 6 has a 4.7 and Hank goes back to a 3.7. So that one average hour in there between 5 and 6 has convinced Defo that Defo is God that Phil is slipping in his old age like the Don, and what can I tell you? Well, Defo, he's a nice guy, but he's no Phil. Have a lovely day. Three profound. Thank you, sir. He's no Phil. How do you like that, Defo? We don't want to knock you back down to size, okay? It's not personal. You're a good guy. I can't. How many times did I help this guy out? I came on his goddamn radio show to talk cocky because he didn't know much about it. He's still thinking about Eddie Jackman and Gunpour's Leo, okay? You can't live in the past forever. Didn't I go on that make believe show at his on TCI and at Monday night that they picked me up in limo and slept me over there into that very marginal neighborhood and then invited the strange people to come running in there and get a hundred dollars. Didn't give me no hundred dollars. Give me like a certificate for like hudders or someplace that I never would go to. By the way, the guys in Benogans, the waiters were shorts. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with having good looking waiters in shorts? Is there something wrong with a place that the faggots can go and look at a guy? Maybe a woman might be interested in going? What's wrong with that? We have an open line in dates. 7, 5, 1, W, I, D, you're enthusiasm here today is just contagious. I want to hear a lot of really paranoid people talking about O, J, again here today and I'm going to get really pissed off in psychotic. I want to hear from just one person that's going to watch that trick on TV to run out. And then I want to hear from one person that's going to go out there and buy that video. February one when it comes out for sale like an eight days from now. That'll be the biggest closet purchase in the history of mankind. By the way, speaking of closet purchases, we got another 200 bucks in the mail today. 200 bucks that's like 10. Isn't that exciting? So up to 143,522 for centre one now. We got eight days left to come up with that last 6478 bucks, whatever it is to make 150 grand. We're going to be at borders in Kendall, 1 to 3 this Saturday afternoon, 1 to 3. Kendall, let's just out the daydland. We're going to be there, Rick will be there, Phil will be there, suds will be there, I'll be there, the gods and their shpuh will be there. If I'd rich, it'll probably be there because he lives right down there anyway, you'll get some free food. But that's our last gas, that's our last major thing, but in the meantime, I'm looking at the mail every day expecting this avalanche. Even Patrick Wahn never saw an avalanche like I'm waiting for to come into mail a flood of these $20 checks for centre one. As a way of the audience saying, thanks Neil on your 20th anniversary for 20 years of coming in, Pukin' your brains out in this goddamn town that's resistant to anything that just doesn't want to play the goddamn game. That's his dead as a door nail. Thank you so much. Here's a dollar a year, even though we may not have listened all 20 years, it will just throw it in there anyway because it's not for you, it's for a charity. And I'm still waiting for most of you to get off your dead ass. Make the check out to centre one, 20 bucks, some have done 40, some have done 61 did 100, that's great, the more the merrier. Mail it to Neil Rogers, Wiod, Miami, 33141. All you need is the name of the colliders in the city with a zip code, that's pretty simple. Miami 33141, you can't get any simpler than that, but most of you won't do it. Now of course, if you already, you know, bought your CDs and stuff like that, that's fine. But I know the overwhelming majority we didn't do that either. And you know what's crowed in really do it? And that's the older part of the audience, the closet audience that we have out there as we discovered a few of them yesterday, which believe me, I'm not asking to call again because that was more than I could handle. But there are the closet ones out there. If we were still doing Camillo's house, I guarantee I'd have had a flood of those 20 dollar checks in here. The mailman would have a triple hernia. He'd be doing a bypass operation right now and his goddamn groin. From having a hernia, bringing those bags of checks in here. But because it's for center one and for people with AIDS, right away, oh, oh, well, we know where he's coming from. It's a fag thing, right? I feel sorry for you, okay? I feel really sorry for so many of you. 1039 and WIOD, WIOD is a matter of fact, did you see there doing that thing? Now, would you put her with the planet Jupiter and I got the little thing on here? Oh, and also the thing with a space shuttle. Did you see was it on 60 minutes on Sunday night? I think it was where Leslie Stahl was talking to the parents and then they had another feature on the yesterday. And a space shuttle was just murder by Ronald Reagan because he was going to talk about it in his, you know, the teacher on a shuttle in his state of the union address. And so, you know, come hell or high water and imagine the fact that there was all that ice on a thing and the old rings they knew were going to like. In fact, two of the engineers that worked on the project said they knew it was going to blow up. And of course, not only that, but it didn't really blow up when the explosion took place all the components of the shuttle like separated and like went off in their own little directions. And so the capsule that the astronauts were in came hurtling down crashing down to earth and they died a wicked horrible death. In fact, it wasn't Rick last week one day reading about the fact that they got the black box. Right, they had to send it. Oh, and the whole of the police got it here. Horrendous. And they knew it on there, too. One of the astronauts was yelling, I told them, I told them. Isn't that great? Yeah. So here was a human sacrifice by Ronald Reagan, which of course, being the good religious guy that he is, but guess what? He forgot about it. Here is Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I wanted to, I'd never been to the arena for a hockey game, but is it pretty good anywhere you sit? Are fairly good? What do you mean is it pretty good anywhere you sit? I mean, it's a good kind of a person. Well, I mean, how far away is that? I mean, there's some dates that are, it's like any other sporting event. There's some seats that are better than others. The upper deck is not like 10 miles away. The upper deck you still can see what's going on. Unlike other places, in the other arena. Some other arena is where like I'm gigantic when you're sitting way way up in the back like in Tampa, and at gigantic barn that they've got. If you're sitting way up in a back you need a good pair of binoculars and a telescope and stuff like that. Okay. For the couple weeks ago. A couple weeks ago, a high single was on ESPN, ready on the weekend, and he was saying how terrible the arena was, and it's a terrible place to watch a hockey game. No, it is not a terrible place to watch a hockey game. It's just too small, and it can't make any money there. If you could just enlarge the arena. If you had a magic wand and you could just enlarge it, the arena would be perfect. I mean, a lot of people don't like the location because they're paranoid in the psychotic, but the location is not that bad. Yeah. I mean, it's in a bad area, but in terms of getting there, it's not hard to get to. So in terms of, if this was like 20 years ago, it would be a greater arena. Smaller arena is you have better, rather, see us. Right. Right. And if it was probably money, because they wouldn't be paying salaries. But when the city of Miami built it again with no foresight, they said, let's build it smaller, because we'll never be able to put 18 or 20,000 people in there. And if we build it that big, with that many seats, it'll look empty all the time. So instead of having a little bit of foresight and planning ahead, when the day would come that we actually had a basketball and a hockey team, and wanted to put a lot of people in there, make some money, they build it smaller, which is their mentality here. Everything has to be smaller. Not only that, what they only have like 14 boxes. Right. That was the biggest. And there's no way to enlarge it because the building itself just isn't big enough to do it. So you can thank the politicians in Miami for the mess that we're in right now. Yeah. It's crazy, man. And what I'm going to say, yeah. Like I said, yesterday, even the mugwumps in Tampa are building a big, brand new arena downtown, and on those picking place like that, they're building a beautiful state of the artery, with a crappy team like they got. And here we are sitting on pins and needles of praying that something good happens. Yep. Same. All right. Well, thank you. See you. We have two open lines in dates, 751 WIOD. They're recalcitrant again here today. They're pretty slow, 2 in Broward, 5249463, one on a green line, 1-800-944-WIOD. Feel Henry, I know you're listening. Just keep in mind. Just keep saying to yourself, this is the toughest God damn place on the face of the earth. This is the most intractable, the most immovable. Don't let it get you down, Mr. Even though you're no Jeff to forest. Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello. That's the 18-T wireless mobile one said in line. Yes. How are you doing, Elf? Okay, sir. I just want to know, with all this talk about building the arena down and sunrise and everything. Yeah. You think it's going to happen and you think the panthers are going to say? What did I just get through saying like 15 minutes ago? I wasn't listening about that. There you go. See if you had been listening, I would have told you that the rumor raised that tomorrow they're going to have a meeting. And this consultant firm that the county hired to do the crunch study on the numbers is going to say it's feasible that they can raise the money with no problem at all. And they're going to recommend that the county goes ahead and do it. And then on Thursday or maybe even tomorrow afternoon, the county commission is going to have an emergency meeting and vote to do it to build it. That's the popular rumor. Did you were saying that the high thing is already done deal that they're moving the panthers? I said, I know I did not say that I said that's what I've been told. I haven't told a million different things. Yeah. All right. Listen, if I knew, I would tell you, adamantly, for sure, absolute this is what it is. Nobody knows. Only he knows and maybe a handful of his inner henchmen. And he's keeping his all in suspense. Right. Okay. Listen, let me ask you something. I got nailed for a traffic ticket on the weekend. Yeah. And I hear you talking about these ticket defense guys on the time. Do they guarantee that you get big at your off on it? Of course not. Of course not. You can't guarantee it, but I just just short of guarantee. Would you have that? Would you have that? Would you have that? They're number something. 1,809,46, A3,27. Is that the right number? 7,41. What did I say? 9 something. Oh, well, that's another number. 1,800, 7,41, TEN, TEM, 1,800, 7,41, A3,26. Great. Thank you. Exactly. The same numbers I give you. Maybe one or two or more right. Okay. Good luck, Frank. Thanks. And slow down. What number did I give? 9,41. That's probably somebody's number. I know. Let's call it and see if they're home. We have an open line on the AT&T wireless mobile one seller line. See, there's another example. A clutter with that douche bag. Would that Steve Nickel? If we have to keep saying that 400 times, what is that? What is it? Oh, thanks so much Bob Green and Sheryl and whoever else. He probably is in on it too. Maybe he'll sign the check. Anyway, in fact, every time I get my paycheck and hissing the truth on there, I go, it's just a joke when you relax for crying out loud. Just a joke, Mitch. So anyway, it's 10,48. At W.I. Would you get out of here before you dig and put the thing up on it? But it's 144,000. Stand up on the ladder there. Okay, be a real man. Stand up on the ladder and do just something constructive for once in your life. I want the 143 change to 144,522. With your finger, okay? I'm sure you've had your fingers on things dirtyer than what's up there on a board, okay? So just wipe that little three off the grease board and make it into a four, okay? Quattro? In Italian or Esponial Quattro? Fear. The only fear we have to fear is fear on the board as they say in German. 1049 at W.I. would be. Okay, so that new center one total out of W.I. would be finally ponyed up that thousand bucks, which is long overdue. It's 144,522. We're going to make the 150 grand, but of course now that's going to take like 15 people out there. They were getting ready to send in their $20 checks and they'll sit back and say, oh no, he'll make it without me. I need that 20. Gotta go to the track tonight. Well, guess what? The track ain't open tonight. How do you like that? So let's throw his dead excuse right out the window, huh? Nice going. And you can't go tomorrow night because you gotta stay home and watch O.J. Here's a bokeh, hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Yeah, I like to show and I like coming down to the arena and saying hi to you. I just got one thing to say to your friend John, so I'm calling you Dave, man. Bye. Oh my god, you know who that is? That's that asshole Paul. See, not only is he make a cloud out of him, so I don't want to see a Paul. Just go away. Here's a guy that just doesn't, doesn't get the message. Just go away. Don't go away, man. Just go away. And John and I are sitting there at the game. Dude, that guy he comes out. Oh, hi Dave. Well, guess what? That ain't Dave that's John, okay? And he don't really care that you call him John or Dave or just don't call him anything at all. Just go away, okay? Like this guy's right in my life story. Like all these other people out there that think they know something. They're all like, they got, oh yeah. They got a wild imagination because they have no life for their own. Get your own life. Paul, that would be a really good idea, okay? So go to the games and go in your own section. All right, please. Jesus, God Almighty, this is a phone call. This is the kind of thing you get on here in Miami. I really love coming out of the games and saying hi to you. I don't want to say hi to you. I want to say bye to you. See ya. Get out of here. We have an open line in dates, 751, WOD, and two on a green line. How come it is we have so many assholes call on those green lines, huh? Can you explain that to me? How come we have so many chronic misfits who can't find a life up there in Palm Beach County, well I guess it speaks for itself, don't it? I mean, if Greg B. Delk can be doing a 7.8 year 12 plus on a morning on WGNO, I think that speaks volumes for Palm Beach County. Not that I have anything again, Greg, but just get out of my face as well. Here's Hollywood, hello. He's an old John for cocktail tour. Right, a commanding meal. The pet is will stay in full. We have an open line in dates, 751, that's Woody, okay? We're getting this misfits here. You know, you're not going to fool me. This ain't the Phil Henry show with Andy on there. Sicken the Al Rogers and Woody and people like that on here. This is the Roger show with George Sicken Woody on Neil. I'm sorry. Open line in Broward, 524WOD and two on a green line. Let's talk to somebody in Palm Beach who's not a goddamn misfit, okay? Let's talk some heavy duty crap with somebody that's got a brain in Palm Beach. Is that possible? Who's not a chronic who's not one of these goddamn pains in the ass that we just can't get rid of out there? See, think about this radio station that really cracks me up. I sit here and I scream and I rant and I rave and of course you would think that if I scream louder, more people are going to listen. Well radio doesn't turn on spontaneously. Now maybe we could invent a new radio that the loudest scream somebody's radio will turn on to your frequency automatically if you scream loud enough. You know what I'm saying? We could make it into a screaming contest. Not gonna use for you. We got the biggest screamers right here. Reset a channel 7. But it just doesn't work that way, but hey, so in other words we're trying to make something out of nothing. We're trying to make God damn steak, shat the body on out of dog droppings because they're right in the way marketing going on. They're right in the way nobody going out and tapping somebody on the shoulder, which is one of the reasons that Phil Henry is ready to blow his brains out and not doing what he ought to be doing. Because of the fact that nobody ever said anything about it. Forget about Rick and Suss because God forbid we should mention that they're on a year. So you see there is something about having been here for 20 years and that is that there are actually a few people that know that I'm on a year here. Which if there weren't I'd be sitting down there with a two-share also. Here's for a lot of day on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Are you talking about the NASA stuff and the Pluto thing? Are the Jupiter things? Yeah. I don't know if you heard the scientists this morning talking about the fact that they have discovered that they didn't know what they were talking about it just a planet before. Yeah. And now that they think maybe on one of the moon they might actually be organisms that are living things. Yeah. And we'll never hear about that when due to the religious rights we'll never go. Yeah. So there. What do you know what's monocyan do you? Uh, Uranus. Ah, I can't. I have a great day pal. Alright. Yeah, that's right. We don't want because then we'll have to start spawning that away. We don't want to, you know, we've already got enough problems trying to explain away all these other silly fairy tales from the Bible. But now they're going to have to start spawning away. Well, he works in mysterious ways. Satan put that saying. He's put the god damn moon there. That's right. Satan put the cockamoon out there. Cockamoon. And he's the one responsible and they must put all demon devils out there on the Jupiter's moon or on the moon. How about the moon on Uranus? We have an open line in date. 751 Wiod. We still got two on the green lines. You know, I think we can solve the green line problem. Okay. Like I said, no more geeks in this fits called that. We can take those lines out because I think that's all we got up there. Oh, it's nice coming and seeing the Ataki games. By the way, a apologize to John for calling him Dave. Yeah, you know, something he hasn't been the same since that game. You know what? He just has been so depressed and walking around shaking his head. He thought he was a celebrity. He thought he was a major personality in a market and now he's like Dave. Unbelievable. Jesus shows a fad in the Esther man. It's just a killer. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. Okay, sir. Happy anniversary, man. It's coming. March 1st. It's getting close. You know, it's like five weeks away. Yeah. God. I can imagine I can envision the wild bastard's going to go on in this place. I've a listening to since 1988. All right. I'm staying with you. Okay. I was watching a bigger, stating last week. What? Talk about desperate. I know there's nothing up. But, you know, that guy James Brown. Yeah, I sure do. You know, James Brown, he's the all-around black guy on there. The token black guy. That all he knows about is a little bit about football. He knows nothing about any other sport. Even at him on the hockey all-star game said, he knows nothing. Well, he compared Scott Hamilton. He said that figure skating has Scott Hamilton and baseball has Cal Rippkin. Oh, yeah. So, there you go. There you go. And orange is the apple. James Brown wouldn't know Scott Hamilton from his rectum. I'll tell you that right now. And let me ask you a question. Yeah. Thinking about going to either Rome or Florence. Yeah. What do you think is the best, uh? Both. You want to know why? Can I tell you why? Which one you go to? You hop on how long are you going to go for? I'm thinking about going about a week. Oh, well, for crying out loud, you hop on the train. Right. The train is leaving like every hour from me going both ways. I called you about I told you I went to Venice. Uh, uh, year ago. Right. But the luck I said, if you hop on the train, the train ride is like about an hour and 20 minutes. Something like that. It's supposed to be longer. But it's only about an hour and 25 minutes. And uh, it's great. And you know, you can spend the whole day in Florence and then like 70 to clock and night go back to Rome. Yeah, this is like the best time to go like in March. I guess right? It is. I don't know. March? Yeah. It'll be. Some are times in the two high. Now, the best time would be to go like in April, late April or in May. It's going to be chilly in March. Oh, yeah. All right, Neil. Thanks a lot. Good luck to you, pal. All right, take it easy. Okay. See you in Florence. But then of course, there's that Italian guy that called Philip a couple of days ago. I don't know why that sticks out in my mind, but it was just such an inane thing for somebody to say. The topic was something about the bilingualism. I've heard of his voices on there and this guy's, well, I'm a tight end, but I sure would never go to Italy. Well, what does that mean? That's like saying, I'm Spanish, but I would never go to Spain. By the way, anybody ever been to Spain? Madrid, Barcelona? Well, I want to hear from somebody who's been to Spain. I get too many conflicting reports. And of course, you got to find out for yourself. You got to find out for yourself what it's all about. I think Spain would be pretty interesting. Of course, if I want to hear a bunch of people babbling in Espanol. Of course, if you go to a Barcelona, they don't speak Spanish. They speak Castilian with a speedsy effect. In addition to which the Castilian is not just different from Spanish in terms of the fact that they were a tongue all jammed up in their thing, but it's like the language is different to it. There are some things that are different. They speak it really, really fast. It sounds like one big, something like that. You like that? Something like... Uh-huh. I feel like I was stuck in the hallway with a default again. Like that. I have no idea what language he was speaking here, so that he was just out of control. He's trying to validate himself as a human being. You're okay in my book, default, okay? Everybody listen to sports talk on 610 WIOD from 6 to late. Oh, I've always said that. But now he wants me to like say stuff that I don't believe. Like I love those monologues. I hate those monologues. I hate the cliches. But that's your thing. Just do it. Just do what you want to do. Feel good about it. You're beating the hum or you ought to be great. You ought to be happy, okay? In any language, just get out of my face. More annoying than Latoria Jackson WIOD. My name is Fort Lutterdale. I was talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Go to them, Mr. Nett. I would jump in front of a bullet from the cold. Yeah. Keep beat. His got a lady named Kathy Lee. Everybody thinks that she is squeaky clean. I'm gonna go and cover now and be a big. Kathy says it's not the thing. So stuff don't stink. And now she says she's gonna open. Go, go, go. I'm gonna clear the sand. Go out. Go out. Go out. Go. Don't do the shows. No. I'm sorry. Go. Go. Just go. Kathy, go. Just go. Go. You ain't that good. No. Because she says the television is a big way to land. What's up? Talk about your kids and you don't husbands. Don't tell me old friends are the love of the sheep. We said I want more time and babe I'm gonna scream. Monday night football, he's as good as dead. Let's aim much going on a little fray. Let's go. Go. Go. Kathy, go. Go. I'll get rich to the show. No. Just go. Kathy, go. No. Go. Kathy, go. Go. No. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Kathy, go. Love it all, sexy. W-I-O-T. Happy Tuesday from all your good piezons over here. We're pretty lonely, though, these days because we're just sitting out there on a limb waiting for somebody to chop it off. You know how that works? Don't forget, by the way, this Sunday morning from six to line. Steve Nichol talks to extremely old people on the weekend magazine. Now, here's the thing that somebody left in my box, which is kind of a bizarre. And it's from the Harold on Sunday, January 21st from the neighbor section. I assume this is. This is what this is. It is got to be. So anyway, I don't know which neighbors it's in, probably like somewhere in dates. I'm like a bogus neighborhood. And it says she helps match pets with a perfect home. And it's got to picture here. But anyway, the article says her fifth grade students and metal lane elementary school in Hailea, respectively call her Miss Jacobs. Those who listen to W-I-O-D's Neo Rogers have heard the radio personality. We've heard her jokingly as Susan the school teacher. And otherwise, reserved young woman who turns into a rabbit doll fan when she takes her seat next to Rogers at Jorabi Stadium. But her largest and most avid leads in the virus don't know her name. Their dogs and cats at the date county animal shelter. Every Saturday for the past five years, Susan Jacobs drive to the shelter from a Pembroke pine. So I'm going to help care for abandoned lost in the abuse animals. Yaddi, Yaddi. And then on the, it's got a big picture of her kissing a couple of puppies. And it says pampering pets to be. Nancy Jacobs cuddles a couple of puppies at the shelter. Well, guess what? I don't call her Susan the school teacher. I call her Nancy the school teacher because her name is Nancy, like it says by the picture. But on the rest of the article, keeps calling her Susan. God dammit. So you can wipe your ass with this here, okay? Even in a puff piece in a neighbor section, they can't get a thing right. Susan Jacobs, my ass. So I fancy the school teacher and don't hold it against them. Okay, they just, and it's written by some BIMBET called Sue Mullin, who's probably another one of those dollar-in-hour stringers that they got. Another elementary school kid writing in a newspaper. See, the schools around here don't need to have their own newspapers because most of those kids can already write for the Harold and the Sun Sentinel. Here is the Hollywood, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, well it's happened. Hey, I was listening last night, right? With the game? Yeah. On the other station, which I had to, because the game wasn't on. Right. Those guys who do that game, they're like so stupid. Okay, like this is a panter's score, right? Yeah. It's like, oh wow, there's a goal of the panter's score. But on the other hand, the flyers went to flyer's score. It was like, oh, unbelievable. You go watch these flyers. I doubt that. You know? I doubt that. Oh yeah? I doubt it. Well, those people are supposed to be the, uh, the panter's station. Yeah. Uh-huh. They need to scrap themselves. Okay, well scrap this. Okay, you're a hell of a collar. We have an open line in Broward 524C. There's a guy that thinks he's going to ingratiate himself with me by making comments. And he don't even make the right comments because of course Chris Moore. We don't even want to go into it. By the way, Fred Cusik and Derek Sanders in our both on oxygen this morning. Man, I love Fred Cusik. He was one of the, he is one of the all-time greatest. But I'm going to tell you he is so close to death. He's close to death than George Burns. And they say George is taking intrap, uh, Venus Lee. But I mean, poor Fred in last night, Derek is, only does his crying out the whole game. Every time there's a penalty on the Bruins. Oh, we was robbed. He's getting like Johnny most. And of course he's dead too. But man, those two. And of course when the Bruins blew that six to four lead in the last 52 seconds. And then Mario got that break away and scored that great exciting goal and overtime. And of penguins win it. It's sure it had been nice to hear Mike Lang, but of course the penguins weren't televising last night either. What a goddamn bad break that is. Here's Miami Springs. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I think the next couple of days we may have some good news. Big hole. Especially Panthers fan and I'm ready for him. Right. I know you don't read the Harold, but I was at breakfast this morning. I was reading through it. There's something interesting on page eight A if you have one available. What is it? I don't know if you're like standing up. Not for the Harold. I don't stand up and reach over and grab it. Yeah, usually sit down on the paper. It's a bunch of letters that people wrote in about about the media switching over during the. The Clinton press conference. Oh, yeah. Oh, like I said, I got to see that. Oh, yeah, I was going to say, I mean, I wouldn't call them unless it was something you really wanted to do. Something really important. Yeah. Something pertinent to the. Hey, here's the Sun Sentinel, which you've already got 45 copies of that. Here's the Miami Hero. I didn't like that. 8.8. All what a nice colorful front page two. Oh, nice. It feels just like you're out USA today and the Harold all wrapped up in one. Page eight A editorial page. Yep. And interrupting president for a coach was a polling about it. All right. Here's one. Two. It certainly was refreshing to hear from the two largest egos in the West. Rather than listen to important subjects such as the US budget, environment, and child welfare. No wonder people are worried about morals, values, and priorities says, Mary and Miami. All right, Mary. Here's another one. There's another one. I realized that South Florida is very interested in the dolphins coach, but the president's actions and the country's need. They're far more important. The president's office, and the president of the US. All right, Daris. Have local TV stations lost their grip on reality. She has Sheryl and Kibis scheme. I guess the budget troops in Bosnian whitewater really takes second place to the importance of a football coach being arts is Allen. Miami, eight Aboi, and that is another one from Abby in Miami. Thank God, there's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight letters here. All ripping and tearing the goddamn local meaty here for being about to irresponsible but plugs. Interrupting the president of the US for a goddamn stupid football coach press conference, which we knew already ahead of time. We are. Which we knew already ahead of time. We are not alone Neil. Hallelujah. Thank you, sir. I never would have seen it. I know that, but and enclosing. Yes Dave Kennedy you're a douchebag. Okay. See you buddy. See ya. Yeah, how do you like that? I'm not the only one. Of course, maybe some of those people are old Farts who generally are the ones who write the letters to the editor. But hey, the old Farts may know something. Okay, like me. I'm a pretty old fart. And like I said then and I'll say it again now. I don't care who the president is. Even if he's a seen-out old fart like Ronald Reagan was a seen-out old Fascist right wing extremist like him. If the president is on there, you can wait another 15 minutes before chrome dome and Jimmy with all the hair. How about if Jimmy instead of doing it the other way? How about if Jimmy just gives up his hair and puts it on Wayne's head? That would be cute, huh? Let's see that picture with Wayne with Jimmy's hair on it. I think that would be sweet as it gets. Maybe and maybe a Zit Transplant. It's 1113 at W.I.O.D. I'm Rick Riley. And I'm Sud's Coleman. We're founders of Black Entertainment Television or BET. Name after us when they heard that we were taking it over Rick and Sud's, we wouldn't listen to them on a bet. Well, there's the name. Wow, see you tonight at 10. Oh man. Rick and Sud's, 6 to 10 AM on news, talk at Entertainment Radio, 6 to NW-I-O-D. A kill in the coal. During his trial, O.J. Simpson desperately wanted to tell his story without being bothered by a little something called Cross-Examination. I would not, could not, and did not commit these crimes. Well now, O.J. has finally found a way to come clean. A way that doesn't bother with ethics or common sense and can make a fucking the process. And if you order now, you'll receive this video with O.J.'s true story. Coming soon to a TV near you. O.J. Simpson's, Miss Informershal. Could you tell us about your video, too? Oh, sure thing. It's me sitting in my backyard so nobody could be yelling things like murder or at me. Trying to worm my way back into the hearts of America. Sounds good. Let's give a listen. Oh, and I was prosecuted as a hospital woman who changes her hairstyle every day. Telling the truth. Hard hitting stuff, O.J. You bet, baby. And if you watch my Miss Informershal, pull out 29.95 for my video now. O.J. Simpson's Miss Informershal. If you were baffled by the burning, Winkle, you try to figure out why anyone will buy this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, tell me another one, Cheryl. So anyway, it's 11.17. Teller that story by the way. She'll get a kick out of it. So there's our new total for center, 145,052 bucks. Okay, we're going to make that 150 if we have to make Cheryl give up the last five grand. Well, she's got a rich ex husband. You got another one. Okay, let's tell her on the ear. Come on. Okay, get an 90's share guaranteed. Do it on DFO show. He gets it all at heavy sports. We have an open line and a broad. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. I'm not doing no break right now. Okay, but come back. You're telling me during the break? Okay, let's do the break. No, it's just a joke. It's just a little joke. We got a radio show going on here. It's more important than hearing some gossip from Cheryl. That's got some spicy story again about somebody's doing who's putting this where and what it looked like and who was all over the place at the time. That was the most, I mean, seriously, you could stop. You could sit in a corner and just think about that for hours and try to like, you know, conjure up in your mind what that was really all about. Here's, and it was not a compliment either, Cheryl. I don't want you to take it personally, but I don't think that's a compliment. Somebody is like doing you and they're going, there's like some message in there. Oh, God. Every do anybody in while you were doing and we were all over it like in a towel. What you brought to towel ahead of time because you knew you were going to be all over the place. That's a pretty sexy. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Radio, radio, don't hang up. I just can't believe it. What was that? Remember that radio? Oh, yeah, you remember he's better than mine. That's the answer. Yeah. Oh, they brought up memories when you started talking about what's happening with film, the demo's demographic. I am so pissed off about the Phil Henry numbers man and I've never, you know, ordinarily, I don't try to like, you know, everybody's got to do their own thing, but Phil Henry is so good to him, good in the fact that even in one hour Hank beats him out there in any demo is so unacceptable that it's it's been in the past. Well, you said it best before when you had a really high rating one month in the next month and a month that was like, no. Right. And it's got to be impossible. I remember guy, I know every friend I have listens to you and then Phil. There you go. Like I said, 10 a.m. The 6 p.m. Sorry, Rick. Yeah, you're going to get Rick going again. One day I was Rick the next day it was default. Well, I was a good guy, but when I come in here in a morning on their show, I, you know, myself, I start doing stuff. I listen to Rick and son, but, yeah, but not, but not. Oh, why don't you say that to make him feel better to make him feel better? Guys, let's just a whimp. Well, let's just put up a little bit. That's true. Him and D. They had to both go to school and get a pair of sewn on or something. I definitely, definitely. I just wanted to let you know that that, you know, everyone I know listens to you and feel all the time. Right. This is B.S. Yeah. And you know what? Well, you know what I think Phil is not getting credit for the, some people in the diary, they probably put down Steve Ornell, they put down Margaret. They're putting down all these other people. If Phil could get all the diaries that they put in the other names, he probably have a 15 share. It's all these other guys, right? Right. I'm telling you. Because these people out there, is if I have to tell you are, are done more than dust. Oh, tell me about it today. I tried to get a truck and company to ask the, you know, I asked them if they shipped the Rhode Island. She asked me to spell Rhode Island. Yeah. It's not where it was. In fact, I just found Freddy Cruz also had a two share and a afternoon. He's not even on the air. Yeah. The gentle breeze. By the way, do you know that Cleveland Clinic, I did your running? Have you listened to it? Do I know what? I'll explain. Are you going to talk to me about Dr. Moon? Yeah. Please. I was just thinking during that last news. It's just our matter of time before somebody calls about Dr. Harry Moon. Well, listen, he must be a hell of a guy to walk around with a name like that. You want to understand? Have a great day. You want to go on to it. Huh? I thought you would have called on to it. You know, you would have said something about it. What am I going to say is a sponsor? I'm going to start making fun of Dr. Moon. You know, his brother is don't you? No. Have a great day. He doesn't know who his brother is. It's just he sees people got a sense of humor. Right away, he's going to get a phone call. Do you hear what he said? Yeah, the doctor. And he like I said. Anybody that has a name like that has a sense of humor. Dr. Harry Moon and his brother. Talk a little bit. Right. He's a good guy. So anyway, well, I guess we can write them off. We have an open line in date, 751WOD, 1003. Green line, 180944. And don't forget, we got it full now, but the AT&T wireless and mobile one cellular line too, which I usually call the purple line. But we got to call out the other thing, because we love our friends at mobile one cellular in AT&T and whoever else we love and Steve Nicholwants is to kill a lot more time. Pretty soon, if we can just get a few more trips going and a few more tragic trips. And a few more of these long phone lines with big long names on them, we can just do the breaks and give all the stuff. And then never take a call and never do any show. Sounds okay to me. It's 1121 at WOD. Here's talking entertainment radio. 610, WIOD. There is a group of people out there that are being persecuted for their good sense. A group of people who give higher priority to health than fashion ability. And they are those who suffer from hat hair. Why are they ridiculed? Simply because they refuse to cave in to social pressures. And we're a hat and cold weather. These people should not be ridiculed. They should be saluted. Yes, it would be nice if we all tip our caps to these people. It would be nice, but then we'd all have hat hair like them and who wants to have. I'm sorry. I know you can lose 80% of your body heat for your head, but hey, that's a small price to pay. If we're not looking like a dark. Oh, go ahead. That ain't one of them. They deserve it. They don't realize it. The rest of us who don't wear hats are going to have colds and be coughing and sneezing in their direction. So they're going to get stuck anyway. So why risk hat hair in the first place? It's better to look like you're cool. They look like a fool. Oh, stick at a clue. So last night on MSG, the Ranger Shield Network, which carries the Ranger Games, so before the game on the pregame show, they had like that Al-Troutway, because it was a real Canadian asshole. And he was doing this thing about the fan reaction to the Fox Tracks on the All-Star Games Saturday night. And of course there were some people saying, oh yeah, it was okay. And then there were some saying it was disgusting in growth test. And Glenn Healey of the Ranger was saying, it really sucked and we don't need it. And then guess who liked it the most? I'll give you one guess as to which group of people liked it the most. Little kids. They had two little. Oh, it was cool. It was one like eight year old kid in one like nine year old girl. And they thought it was cool. So like I said, Fox up your ass. And the host of that show, which I don't know what his name is on MSG, who's a good guy, he said it sucked. It Fox used to be committed for the technology in the scenario, but it really sucked and it was distracting. Please don't ever do it again. And the fact that there are people, I just am in shock, the fact that there were some people try to say, oh yeah, it was really great. It was not only not great, it's unacceptable. For the All-Star game, it's like a once in a lifetime thing. Fine, I could handle that. It was okay for one time thing. But if they really plan on doing that again, which they do, I mean, somebody up needs to be murdered at Fox. Absolutely unacceptable. It changes the whole nature of the game that you see on television. Into a goddamn video game. I don't want no goddamn hockey video game. If I want to go, I'll go out and buy Wayne Gretzky's hockey video number two or whatever. I'll buy a hockey video game if that's what I want to see. You jackasses. Oh, it was really a cool man. Okay, whatever you say. Here's for a lot of it. On the purple 18 T. Wireless Mobile 1 cellular and not the other guys line. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought the hockey game the other night. I'm a Bruinspan group there in Boston area in my whole life. Yes, sir. I thought the game was great, but I don't think both deserve the MVP. Why not? Well, he didn't beat. He played an all-right game, but I thought one of the two goals in the third period is a Hasico plotman deserved it. They didn't have a fantastic game. I don't think so. I mean, they did play a fantastic game, but they didn't, you know, they weren't responsible for the outcome of the game. And a game like that would have were a lot of people have played well. You've got to look for somebody who's got the edge who did something that, like, you know, resulted in winning the game. And since he scored the winning goal, I think he deserved it. Okay. Well, I think it was a nice touch. You know, I mean, you know, right in the whole 17 years in Boston, they all love him. And it was a nice thing. Oh, yeah. I'll agree with you that there. And about the Fox track. Yeah. I didn't think care for it. Except for when there was a shot in the goal he made to save and it would go up to the year. Most times you don't see that. You lose it. You do. With the Fox track, once the goal he makes to save and it goes up into the stand, then it would look a little interesting. But otherwise, I couldn't hear for it. Okay. Thanks, let me know. Well, listen, if you can really live for your childhood, you'd love it. We have an open line on the purple. I think he was gone. On the AT&T Wireless and Mobile One said, I'm not going to keep saying that. Okay. I'm not going to say that four million times. On the purple line, it's for AT&T Wireless and Mobile One said it or customers. That's what I'm going to say. That's Steve Nicholman. This guy so helped me. God, if remedy were like if you could sell brevity by the ounce, this man would be poverty stricken. We have two open lines on the green lines, 1-800-944-WOD. They don't care about O.J. up there in Palm Beach. They don't care about the Fox tracks. They don't care about any about the arena because of course a lot of those no speakers up. They're still really believe. Oh, they're going to build it up here in Palm Beach. Well, guess what? They're not. They're not even under consideration. There is no chance. There is less than O chance that anybody's building any arena in Palm Beach. How do you like that? Take it to the bank. Here's my me lakes. Hello. Hello. You're my me lakes. Hello. Yeah. Here's my me lakes. Hello. What is it? I like it. What's going on over there? What's all the screaming and carrying on going over there? I'm sorry. Neil, I've been listening for five years, man. I like it too. Yeah. Hey. And on soon, I think it's a douche bag, man. And there's all I got to tell you. I'm going to do a ranch. OK. There's a call. There's a really brilliant call right there. First of all, he's got like 20 pounds of gravel in his throat. Secondly, he's got the radio way up at a background. Third is about six people playing grab-ass with each other and maybe with him in a back. Have a nice day, pal. It sounds like he got a good start. The two lines that are open on the board are both up there in Palm Beach to green lines. I could just sit and ignore them all day. I could not pick on him anymore. I could sit because, quite frankly, the total survey area in here in the book. If we talk about that, then we did not, which includes Palm Beach in addition to Dayton Broward, see the Palm Beach people you don't count in the ratings. How do you like that? Nobody cares about the TSA. And it kind of frost my ass that, like for example, Howard's got a few more people in Palm Beach on the TSA than we do. But of course, Howard's on FM, which taken here up there a hundred thousand watts. And in Palm Beach, most of it, like East to 441, you can't hear it for love or money. So TSA, let's see, average quarter hour, we got like, what do we got? 42,000 on a wrong guy damn thing. I'll find the TSA here somewhere. I'll find a guy damn thing. And when I do, it's like, you know, a couple of thousands, something like that. Three or four thousand. So, oh, we got, we got squad up there in Palm Beach. And I'm sitting here every day. And then all we get is that Paul guy calling in, or we get Greg from Booten Beach who's trying to be on his best behavior and go through heavy therapy. And I think it may be starting to work very slowly. But we got generally a bunch of chronics up there because we got the same 10 people. That's all we got, like I said. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Hey, Neo, hi. Yes, sir. Howard, you still have it in front of you? The hero that is. I have it in front of me, but not the hero. Yeah, I got it here. It's pulled out. It's out. You just pulled it out. Right below that picture. Look at the headlight. Sure, just we are clergy, malpractice. Church healers liable in diabetic boys death, clergy malpractice suits feared. The Supreme Court lets stand Monday, a one and a half million dollar reward against parents and religious caregivers who treated the diabetic Minnesota boy with prayer instead of insulin, the 11 year old boy died. Did you put it? It was the first year he referred it to its kind against Christian science, spiritual healers to survive a final challenge. At the same time, the justice has left the Christian science church itself. Free of a nine million dollar judgment imposed by a jury to punish the church. Yeah, let the church out, but they get the parent and the healer. Oh, yeah, the church, they're off the hook of course because the Supreme Court is scared crapless of these religious institutions. But the parents, they're the ones that are going to pay the fact that they were brainwashed by this Christian science bull crap and they let their kid die when he could have been given insulin and be alive today. What a bunch of crap that is. They believe one other thing. They shouldn't be just getting enough. They should be going to the electric chair. Right, but they did that because they are afraid that with a Catholic name, they may come back to them and say about the portions that they give their own advice about abortion. Right, yes, as Roman Catholic Baptist Mormon and other churches said the case invites judges and juries to access the validity of religious doctrine and practices to which I say, all right. Right. Thank God, it's about time. Thank the Lord. Be a one more thing. You've got me interested in that book, Goar Vidal. You started to live from Gogo, huh? Have you finished it? I'll give it to George. Oh, you got tired of it. I just, I don't know. I just, all that religious hoax spoke is even though it's very funny. I'm just, I can't, I can't handle it. It is. I got into it. I'm getting a little slow and long down a bit now, but that's still funny. Are you reading it, George? I finally took it out of my briefcase over the weekend. Oh, so George is getting ready to read it. He's thinking about it. Yeah. One last thing was request that Cheryl Crow satire, whatever. Cheryl Crow. Yeah, that, uh, what's her with? The song that she made a year ago. You had a satirical song about it. Oh, I have to do it as well. Yeah, I know. I'm just trying to say, yeah, I'll find it. All right. I'll dig. Have a great day, amigo. Thanks for the story. So there we go right in the front page of the hero, which if I read the hero, I would have seen that, but I don't read the hero. I could subscribe to what I think I could probably. How does it guy like me afford the guy named Sun Sentinel every day? That's what I'd like to know. And I might even be able to afford to subscribe to the hero again, but it's against my religion. I just, oh, I did that for a while here, and I thought, you guys just really suck. But then again, a Sun Sentinel and I'll create either. I can't wait to Melissa Rujeri puts together her great radio story now that the whole book is out and puts together that full story. So we can read about those great numbers like from all those like Howard and Howard and Howard. Is there any other station on the air? Because basically, I'm looking at men 25 to 54 and like his biggest star in air from 8 to 9 and 9 to 10 is an 888 and 886. And my smallest star here is an 9.3. Okay, sweetheart, Melissa. Even though I'm just barely holding my own, as she says, I'm holding my own. I think you're holding somebody's over there and Nate your own. Unless you got one. It's an open line. Now that's Super Day. That's not the Super Day from the track. Is it? That's not Gary Siles. Bill is good friend. Super Day that fat pig that you stand around with the track. Ron wouldn't use that thing. Yeah. He never leave it. The one I used to make one up. Make tapes off of the show and send them out in charge money for it. Remember that? That's the one. What's the thing is Melissa Rodriguez boyfriend? Oh my God, does that explain the all-nour a what? Super Day with that full-dish boy. She hears that talk to her his teeth. That I think probably is ahead in the fair with Ken Block and Gilbert both and the guy with the eyes. It's 1135 at Wiod. Saturday at 1 p.m. Rick and Sid's Neil and Phil. Old court at the boarders books, music and cafe, and Kindle to the benefits center one. One last time. That's the Wiod CDs and cassettes. The best talk personalities on the planet. Saturday in person, 1 to 3 p.m. at Borders in Kendall near Dayland Mall. Addie up for center one with news, talk and entertainment video. 610 Wiod. At the club. I haven't felt anything remotely sexual in years. Okay, it's a 23 till noon at Wiod. Now why the hell did I play that? That is what I wanted to play. What did I want to play on here? And by the way, the guy just called the chances of my finding that thing. I know exactly what he's talking about. But I'll just keep digging. Okay, I'll just keep digging and digging. I'll pretend I'm in Tampa and just keep digging and digging and digging until it bleeds. What did I want to play on here? Oh, that. Which I will. But I'll find it. One of these days, trust me what I tell you, pal. Just to stay there hooked right to it. Yeah, so the Christian scientists, all these other people think that it's okay to have a, they call it a religion where they just neglect their child and they don't give medical care because their religion says you don't do medical care. And you don't do drugs and you don't do this. You don't do blood transfusion because the Lord said so it's so guess what the kid is dead. See these are the real victims, the children of these religious nuts. These are the victims between the brainwashing and the abuse and all the other bull crap and the course the guilt trips, all the other garbage that goes on. So is it any wonder that we have all these guy, Demo J Simpson's running around? And Michael Jackson's. Show us what is. Now you're going to start on the show. I hope his witness is to you. Not only do you not get blood transfusions when your Jehovah's Witness, but you don't get Christmas or birthdays either. Well, screw them. How about Hanukkah gifts? Oh, sorry. Here's a mobile and Viro Beach, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Hey, I was just listening to you and they don't even rate a post-west palm or even a west palm and you're both. Well, you got your well, no, of course not. Well, how many people do you think we have? I mean, we can't put a cloth on West Palm Beach for lover money. Do you think we have a measurable audience in like four beers? Well, even though you should do, I'm not transit and do sales work all over East Coast from West Palm this batch and I know quite a few people that listen to your show regularly. And it just doesn't give you the justice, even though you don't need the numbers anymore than you got. Well, for justice, you know we must go to a see what's his name. Yeah. But anyway, I just think in your life, it's a lot bigger than what seems up to. On your anti-apall, it's a lot bigger than most of these people are assuming it is. I'll tell you that. Even though they're not in a corn, even in the Oca Macho, but I know a lot of people that live see in the all right. Neil God, how a great name. Number one in Mugwams, pal. That's true. Have a great life. All right. Yeah, see, and Palm Beach, we can't buy a call, but every now and then we could call us from a Sebastian inlet and from Joel Sebastian, this guy in the Viro Beach and from Melbourne and Palm Bay and all those other glacier places up there. But all Palm Beach, they're too good for us, especially our good friends up there in Boka because they're too snooty in Boka. They wouldn't listen to what God damn station like this. And additionally, which Boka's mainly all the old Jews that ran away from the beach because they didn't want to be invaded by the Cubans. Isn't that what the real story is about, Boka, why don't you admit it, okay? You lying phony's up there. You're just ran away because you didn't want to learn to speak Spanish, which is the proper thing to do. That's what George just said. Of course, what they'll just he know because his brain is being squeezed so tightly by that real tight forcekin. I'm telling you, that's why that's one of the reasons a Latin men are so goddamn emotional high-strong. It's because the blood is always just being convulsed in there. Here's Davey, hello. Hey Neil, it's Paul from Riverside, Gordon, how you doing? Okay Paul. I wanted to call him and I know. Why did you say from Riverside, Gordon, is there like am I supposed to recognize that or we had? Yeah, I met you a couple times at a hockey game when I introduced myself as being the guy that's been involved all the bodies. Oh yeah, this is the stiff guy. Right. Miles, I always good find it a stiff guy. Exactly. I wanted to comment on the Spain trip. Yes. I've been the Spain. And if you don't sound too enthusiastic about it. No, it was excellent. Well, we're about to send me like, I flew in. I flew in. I flew into Barcelona right outside the Air Force Base there. Right. And I spent two days there and then I traveled to Madrid and I spent a night there. And then went back to Barcelona and spent the fourth day and night and then left out. I spent a lot of what it sounds like. I said, sound like a hell of a time. It was great. Yeah. Good night life and excellent food. Excellent food. Excellent. Is it what? Not black beans and rice. No, no, no, that's not Cuban food. Yeah, we're talking Spain. We're talking Spanish food. Now, not Cuban food. That's right. You know what they do over there? They say, like, I know you're on the acines, but some of the food, of course, you know, they don't know the acines from anything. But they cook a lot in olive oil. And they do their french fries and stuff like that. Deep fried in the olive oil. And it comes out with such a great flavor and a light taste. It's really, really, really good food. And I was impressed with the place. I would like to go back. But I just thought you'd like to know that. So in other words, it was not filthy and dangerous and like the third word, like most of Latin America. Not even close. I mean, especially, especially, Barcelona was a good place. It was a very, it reminded me a lot of Italy. Yeah. Now we're talking. It reminded me a lot of downtown Italy because it's not. Downtown Italy. Well, downtown Italy had a downtown. Yeah. The largest cities in Italy. Like Roma, yeah. Like Rome, exactly, because it has a lot of older buildings and really neat architecture. And the other people were really friendly as opposed to a place like France, which I've also been to. Quite frankly, I thought stock. Though worst, anybody out there contemplating a trip to Paris should be shot on site. Exactly. Um, one other comment, did you, I know you don't watch Letterman by by any chance that you get a call yet about Letterman last night? No. Team RIP, the NHL and he ripped, fucked about. Oh, always loved that day. I thought this new puck thing. Yeah. And he gave an example. He showed a couple of the, uh, uh, puts from the, from one of the games and showed the blue dot. Yeah. And he asked his audience to vote on it. And they were all booing it. And we're talking about how stupid it was. And then the whole rest of the show, everywhere he went, he had a blue dot on. So it's like, see him. I love it. And he was ripping him a new one, Neil. And he was saying, he pleaded with them. You know, don't ruin this age old game of the app. That's right. And, uh, for about your five year old kids. So I knew it's cool, man. It's cool. It's like Nintendo, Daddy. He must have had the same, uh, stuff that you had as far as statistics or people that they had. Because he said the same thing, you did. He said everybody above the age of 12 thought it was stupid. Right. And everybody below the age of 12 said the exact same. Oh, it's like a big video game. Right. Which drives people. And then there was another group that people had never even, uh, where had any interest in the game without it was really neat and cool. But guess what? It was a once at a lifetime thing. And no matter how much graphics they put on, there's still never watch it again anyway. I tried. Well, I knew that would make you happy that your buddy, Letterman was. Thanks a lot, Dave. You're the best sweetheart. And Neil and closing. Don't forget it. It's always nice to have a different. Okay. Later. See you in Barcelona. Bye. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 5, 2, 4. And I'm sitting here going through all these discs looking for that. Because I know exactly what he wants to add. All I really got to do is stick it near you. Something like that. Whatever that horrible, sheer old croissant. I bet today they played that sheer old cropping to death over there on the coast. Right next to our sister station, which by the way, we share very, very, very, very, I think it's 2%. Of the coast audience ever listens to WOD. How do you like that? What about some stops there? And you want to know why? I'll tell you why. Because the coast is a background station just like life. It's music. It's music on the FM band. That's the sad part of it is. And they're over there. And they really think that they're, I mean, Wendy Bennett's nice person. And Johnny Dark, he's got his moments, although he's marginal. But I mean, and then of course, there's a comedian in the morning. But I'm telling you, man, the coast. It's just background slush hits on in the aura visits on a, and of course, they get that big number in your automatically because people are forced to listen to it. We have people who claim that they're forced to listen to this. No way. Nobody holds a gun in your head and makes you listen. But when you're working in an aura fist all day and the doctor or the dentist or whoever has that slush on in the background, the coast, then you're a captive audience. And of course, they're listening from like nine to five. So they have this enormous length of the list of ship because people are any aura physics that may be for lunch break. And then they say, thank God, I don't have to hear that anymore. No more goddamn a shirl crow. Oh, God. That goes to show you, man. You can pedal anything in America. The fox tracks and shirl crow. I rest my case. And the lile, I love it. I think he's probably doing it with Eric Roberts, not Julia. Now, there's a real piece that Eric Roberts, there's a guy. If you, if you see him in a street in a shopping mall, just run in the other direction, I'm telling you, okay? And all you little kids out there, if you ever see Eric Roberts, just run in scream for help. Oh, and also, did you see that thing now that they're doing on the CV stations? Because of that one school, that one neighborhood with the school, where the pedophile has been, you know, allowed to move in there. And Andrew, I want to say it again, all the strangers, anybody who don't know, all your little kids that are skipping school today, anybody who don't know if they come anywhere near you, even if they're just walking by in the mall, start screaming in yelling, call for mommy and daddy and the police immediately because they're probably a child molester. And especially if Christmas time went Santa starts bouncing you up and down on his lap and smiling too much and getting too much joy out of it, then run like hell. You know it's the antichrist. Here's Kendall, hello. Good afternoon. How are you? When is the morning? You're talking about Madrid. Yes. It's been four days in Madrid. Beautiful city. Is it? Has some tremendous fountains? The, now those fountains don't have like little stuff, spritzing out of it. Do they call you? Oh, yeah. Don't tell a principal over a tiller high about that. The rich, uh, meal is about $30. They have some, uh, we stayed at a nice hotel called Ford and not they hotel and it's just outside of downtown. The bus system is excellent. It's just a beautiful, beautiful city. A lot of museums. You can't go wrong. Huh. You can take and they don't treat Americans like dirt there like they don't. No, they have a lot of, uh, they're very friendly. They have like, uh, day trips to Abilas, agovio, and Toledo. Toledo? Oh. And he's a lot of good Toledo. I've been there once. Raceway Park, the worst. He's a very historic city. Right. There's a lot of influence from the mors because you know, the mors, right. We're all that area for about 500 years. Right. And, uh, you just can't go wrong with Madrid. It's, it's great. And Barcelona, if you've been there. No, I've never been to Barcelona, but, uh, I was, I'm a little nervous about going to a place when everybody speaks with a speech defect, you know? Just, uh, would feel a lot of place. Well, actually, there were so nice. Like, I had to take the bus one day and the bus driver just told me to get on the bus and sit down and, uh, he hit, let me have a free ride on the bus. And I thought that was very nice. So, you know, there was very nice. So, it's a nice city. And I think you would enjoy it. And I think the word we're looking for here is nice. Exactly. Okay. Bye. Thanks, a pile. Well, that was pretty nice. We have an open line in date, 7519463, 751 WOD. And, of course, one of the real nice things is that it's any place but here. So, anyway, it's 1149 at WOD. And, about the least I survived the end of the song, yet it's simple. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. 1151 at WOD. It looks like there was going to be a lot of fun. Remember that book came out the hot zone and Rick got all been out of shape about that and people were running out and buying it and waiting for the end of the world. I guess we still have to wait another couple of weeks for the end of the world. Huh, everybody, that's one of the great pastimes of mankind is predicting the guy damn into the world. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yes, sir. Have you been to Ghost Dream Park yet? No, I have not. Jerry Bailey's. What is it? No, no, what was that? What was that? Some guy about 150 years old with Blue here. His other line rings and he says Jerry Bailey's something like that because I think Jerry Bailey had a big day yesterday so that in the sports section was like, Lance Bibery quickly. And that's it. That's the end of the college. Just vanishes and I think that's it. I think the guy's made his last wager. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Have you ever noticed that Jimmy Johnson looks like L Roy from the jetzons? I don't watch the jetzons, but whatever you say. Well, I think a lot of people out there would, you know, I guess a lot of people out there watch the jetzons. Well, they used to when they were children. Oh, okay. You know. Well, I'm older than Dirt, so I don't know if I've watched that. Exactly. And I have a guy father question for you. Yes. Why did Sunny stop for the toll? I mean, he's the son of like the biggest mob guy. What you doing stop for a toll? Well, don't you remember the first of all, even if he wouldn't stop for the toll that the car was stopped in front of him, blocking his way. Oh. And we was honking the horn and honking and then the car kind of like backed up in over a little bit to block his way. And then the toll taker kind of like a duck down and vanishes from sight. And then all of a sudden, but a big butt of being all over the place. And it only took like 750 shots as he came out of the car was staggering around. Yeah, but he should have just crashed through both those things with his big, you know, that lack. Well, he didn't have a big one. That's what his wife was saying at the wedding. Okay. All right, Matt. There you go. Yeah. There you go. There's the answer for you. Okay. They shot Sunny on the causeway. He's dead. Oh, that's right. Robert Devald didn't have the, he didn't have the account and his cheeks. I'm sorry. But anyway, console area of mine. So where we go now, it's 1153. I'll tell you one thing. The guidefather, what was that? 73, 74 like over 20 years ago that movie was out. It is just as much alive and in the minds of all of us today as it was back then. And even the course, Joe Dodger, you'll lie in a few day goes back there in the early 70s. And the church of course got all bent out of shape. The American deformation league. Oh, you can't release this movie. Yadi Adiya. Why the hell not? Like I said before, were there any Jews got upset because my landscape and bugs and you see, go over Jewish, you know what I'm saying, hoods? What's the reason to get all paranoid about that? So we got us as this this is a silly thing. Okay. Like, uh, she says in a movie, it's this this silly thing. It's been going on forever. That's what case said. But I guess you like Michael Sussadian things, so that's, you know, for a while anyway. Here is Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are they all? Yes. How you doing there? Okay. Yeah, I was surprised that you went to the nurse and I was calling the end talking about a J.A. trying to steal. The president is trying to steal JJ's thunder. Trying to. JJ JJ. JJ. Yeah. Yeah, you're trying to steal his thunder. Yeah. And everybody in town been waiting to hear him and the president is sleeping there. Yeah. And get in and, uh, I got anxious there. Yeah. Well, JJ was only on for the redneck viewers. No, no, come on. Hey, you know that for the little bit. What kind of, you know, you know, you know, this, you know what, you know what, you know what, you know what I'm saying. I know. I know Yahoo is what you're saying, but it's due to a lot of words to say it. We have an open line. No, seriously, that guy said Yahoo and about 600 words. I could actually tell you. Yeah, go over to Tampa. You'll fit in there like a glove. Okay, asshole. JJ. JJ, my ass. All these people get whipped up just like Pat Riley, man. It came from behind and squeaked out of win last night. Those sticking heat. Nobody's talking about Pat Riley and the more because that team stinks just like they always stuck and he's got more guy than I'm greething. Crappiness here than you can check your stick at. But hey, you know, these people get all excited about somebody for about two days. And then as soon as they don't come up to their expectations, man, that's it. Yeah, that was real funny, pal. I was a real funny guy. Hey, by the way, Lard asks, I'll be on in four and a half minutes. So it almost that, five, 60 WKM, Lard asks, just put your arm at that 45 degree angle up and he airing goose step pal. You'll love it. Only guess what, he don't like red next either. Here's a tamarack, hello. Oh, what good is the action side if you have high collage? Yeah, okay. We have an open line on the a Broward line. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. I always like a collar who starts out, not hello, not even with a statement, but it starts in on a speech, okay? Well, guess what, asshole? A lot of people have had their cholesterol come down from the atkins died, but hey, I wouldn't waste my time with you because you're too close to that anyways, it'll waste your time. Here's Boca, hello. They're going to have the, uh, Rimmer tracks tonight on sunshine. Do you see that? The Rimmer track? Yeah, it's kind of a little ball spot in the mustache over the puck so you can do that. That's cute. I like that. Yeah. Or is that the way the high, high pingatrex? Yeah, really. He really makes no sense what they did with the game. It was grow test. Did the heat game on? Yeah, that was great. Such an heat game on. Well, it's not even. You know, it's topic. It's a real hot. Yeah, that's right. Everybody's real thrilled about that. The panthers are playing in Philadelphia against the mighty flyers. They hold them to a one-one tie. The flyers had to pull out the, uh, the last three minutes of the game. And the B's are plays again, a brilliant game, so to the next all. Yeah, nobody gets to see that. You know, you think after all the interest that was built up after Saturday, all these people watching the All-Star game, who ordinarily would have no interest, you think that right off the bat that the local people are saying, hey, let's add that game to the schedule because it really is a meaningful game now, and it's really going to be great. And they didn't do it. Because they had the, because they had the guy named he came. Well, how come Channel 33 couldn't put it on if Sunshine couldn't do it? And also, how come, like, the news had like video highlights of the game, but you couldn't find it anywhere on a satellite. What? You tell me why? I didn't see that. They had video highlights and something like what? Channel 77 had it. They did? Yeah, they had the highlights of the game, and they should have got the goal. So I don't know how they got it. I can't believe that because it had to be our star. My satellite, well, of course, filled with off. You most of their games aren't on any where they were, they're like, uh, you can't get them. No, I watched the winner. She shot that flash. I they showed it. I saw it. I'll be there. I don't know how I felt kind of curious. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know why I did. Maybe somebody knows. Maybe they filled off. He actually televised it somewhere, but you wouldn't be able to pick it up here. At least the important game is on tonight, right? There you go. All right. That's what rumors said. Okay. See you. Yeah, he's back up there in Washington night with all his old. Oh, it's speaking of Jeff DeForce, by the way. No, I'm not trying to get you a former year job. I don't care if they hire him here or not. We're staying never will because he's an adult. And he knows something about sports and more than just talking. And because he had a tent here and Baltimore. But defostant in a hallway as part of this hour monologue yesterday, carrying on like a child about well, River, I was no good for this. And he's very limited. And he's very narrow. He had a crappy show on Q amp. And he had a guy to know about. Nobody's trying to get your job default. You paranoid, twit. What the hell is wrong with you? My God. Everybody is so terrified. You know, when you're that insecure, that you're terrified, that everybody else is looking for your job, then you got a real serious problem there. You know what I'm saying? Like that 2.4 share? I don't care what you got in men. 2.4 right now, and I would be right in home about, okay? That's a two show. Those sports shows are a two show. Two. Dose. Here's a deer field. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? You sent me to Boston. You went? We went. Okay, and. We conquered it was great. All right. The people up there, I mean, there is no comparison. They were friendly. Yeah. Well, that's a great city. That's a real city. You walked down the street. They say hello to you. Talkin' and bars to people all over the place. It was just amazing. Yeah, and all these colleges and universities, and young living and reading people in Ocondo, and all these really neat things to see like, you know, Paul Revere in his horse and the, Freedom Trail in Quincy Market, and Fannie will haul in like a city with some character with some class. Yeah, it was great. We went to that NHL experience type thing. Right. Which was a blast? Yeah. They showed a big thing on the Bruins game last night on the S.B.K. They showed a big piece on that. Um, it was a blast. I want to, uh, an all-star journey for doing one of these little interactive games. Great. So all in all, it worked out just absolutely fantastic. And how was the fleet center? Um, actually was great. It was very similar to, uh, The garden? Huh? Similar to the garden? No, no, it wasn't because you couldn't get about to see it. It's really, it's a big arena. Yeah. The concessionaries remind you a bit of the arena, but at every concession stand they have the TV, so you get those, you know, outside of the city. Uh-huh. Well, that's because the people who go there, see our interest in what's going on in the game other than going out in the hallway and smooth the like here. So, for I listen, I'm glad you enjoyed it, pal. Okay. Okay. Good. The emotional stability is not what it's cracked up to be. W-I-O-D. My enemy Fort Lutterdale. Use talking entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D. Hot photo once too play. Good afternoon at 12 o'clock. This is Maria Garcia. A news talk and entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D.