What's the subcession with Hoki? Every heart has got their name, let's just leave them apart And it's worth the sweat and it's worth the fight Because it's a shame they never come away And it's worth the fight And it's worth the fight Oh, you stay in the moment, I guess Yeah, we can't forget the lies Just if it's strong Oh, the pain of lies It's in the distance gone It's the spirit of the day And the place in the sun But the stairs may end up again Oh, no, the stairs may end up again And the place will be beautiful Oh, it's going to be great The auger after the long divorce And it's hooked high in the air by Terry Kirkner in the center ice And now the canter is getting across Brooklyn's kicked it ahead right onto the stick of Zubo Zubo, give it to Goro as he hits the board of line Get from behind by Brooklyn, hipster will turn Brooklyn's loose and he has met up three on one It's about high, shoots his Goroars Like up, that's open the score of Goroars 24 seconds to go In the power play is Leview hits his freaking yogurt And the power play is Leview, net the score Oh War Murphy's back for Florida And Murphy clearly works at a head to top this chair over the line Stars top this chair And the pastors are back in front And the 3 minutes to play in the third The auger to Miranon The chance for going to the net comes out in front And Bill Lindsay starts back Here's a two on one for Florida Lindsay over the line passes across Please go ahead You'll have Garfield law of its three one Panthers Unbelievable Leview and the auger set before the play Off started this season, he said I really hate the play off because it is so hard to play offensive hockey It's so much more fun during the regular season The boy have the Panthers ever made that a true is a mirror in this series They've held this team down It'll be just about 2.3 goals a game in this series Center in Panthers in Panthers, shot the flexi Backhanders and these progoni tigers The ball is on the fire side Subanth holding it Count down on your way Florida, set the page your team season They're going to the Stanley Cup Finals As the Panthers have beaten That's where it's three to one The Panthers Yes Yes Yes So anyway anybody nervous off there It all Saturday like me having a heart attack Having a major heart attack I'm taking my blood pressure on pace in the floor I'm getting on my hands in ease Which I guess I'm used to I'm just having a nervous breakdown man Holy crap So if all agree by the way Channel 7 next door you guys did a great job Of course the fact that they got the fox telecast You might have something to do with it But boy they're on top of this man Like Rick Sanchez on it map They are squatting on it They are right on top of it They're all over it And of all the clips of Wayne Highsinger Did anybody see the one You must have seen it Or he just he just like a kid Just lost it he was right next to Scrootland there After the game and he's like This is just he puts his head Like over on Scrootland's shoulder And he goes Oh my god At a boy Wayne That's what I said When it was finally all over Thank God Thank the Lord Halle Luria So it's great to see all the real And by the way Kimba Boakamper I got plenty to say about you you pus head You piece of walking turd Jesus You know these guys that are all on a bad wagon The fans we got room for everybody And I've said that all along But for some Dumb Jack That's another story And that's what we got in this town Pretending to be sportscasters Are a bunch of Dumb Jacks That's what we got Including Kimba Oh yeah I heard your crap said Or any morning I was unlucky enough to be in the car When he's going through that thing About well these people Billia could about all the empty seats Through to regular seat See I hate to break the news to you Kimba I don't mind about like I said All the fans jump out on a bad wagon Because this expands the fan base of the Best thing that we got in this town It's great But all you media people so called Broadcasters and writers and you're Enlist who have signed a song Your longhood didn't have even one Iota of interest in hockey or the Panthers Or anything I say screw you guys Okay like who are you fooling like Zagaki And the homer over there Who's still saying oh wow how could we Talk to the Baudhaki Yeah And as far as the man which And all these other in Vodhengals Dumb Jack That's what it's at So we'll be talking to the coach a little bit later on I'm going to give him some instructions You know he's no serious It's good to have a good pupil like that The teacher and the student He's an excellent student duck Listen to me you know right on target And we'll execute the same way in Colorado Against the Lange That's got to be the worst nickname And all sports history is the avalanche Everybody knows it First they start calling the avs And that sounded like crap And now they're just the Lange Even the name of it sucks 1014 Wiod attention panther fans for the first time in the history of the Florida franchise Your panthers are the eastern conference Champs and headed to the Stanley Cup finals Oh In celebration of this historic occasion In viral mint has been licensed by the National Hockey League To mint commemorative medallions What better way to preserve history forever And extremely limited edition of 3000 Will be produced in the one ounce 999.99 How do you say that? Well, no it's 0.99 Pure silver. In other words, it's pretty damn pure For 2995 and only 750 will be produced with a 24-karat gold overlay For 4995 For the serious collector order One of only 250 Three piece proof sets for 125 bucks Each proof quality medallion is individually numbered And comes with a certificate of authenticity The design consists of the official Panthers logo With the title 1996 eastern conference champions And the official Stanley Cup logo There will never be a second minute So if you want to get them out of steel right now Call 1800 288 mint to order your panther Stanley Cup medallions That's 1800 288 mi and t All major credit cards accepted lines open 24 hours Call an order before they're sold out Are you going to miss out? Call them right now 1800 288 mint Go pancos go up and down the ice Everyone Don't you ever ever do that in my kitchen again 23 26 VM on news, talking entertainment radio 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 17 WIOD 16 WIOD 16 WIOD 17 WIOD 16 WIOD 17 WIOD 16 WIOD 17 WIOD 17 WIOD 17 WIOD 17 WIOD 17 WIOD 17 WIOD So some of those Patrick, Wah and Claude Lemieux fans will be errouting for the Evelian. That's good. Who wants them anyway? Like I said, did I just say that? I'm wound up like a goddamn snare drum. That's how tight I am today. I thought I was having a heart attack for sure on Saturday. I'm pacing the floor. I'm like just seriously, it's as close as I thought in my life ever to come in to have a heart attack. I just thought I'm never going to survive this. And I did. So what's going to be like the next seven games? Although I don't think it's going to be seven. I think we can beat them in six. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, good morning. When is this? Thank you very much for letting me be number one to say God, these panthers are incredible. Isn't that amazing? It's just, uh, I got a pinch. Every part of my body. I did exactly what you said in the L. I have a nice big 35 inch Mr. Bissie with my nice big 10 perfect 10 satellite dish. I was two inches away from that screen. Yep. Even my wife sent and watched it for me. She kept saying, how can they do that? He can't do that. It was never seen a game before. Yeah. And she's going with she's going ballistic. It is, it's incredible. I don't think we'll be getting no punks from Pittsburgh calling in today. Said, oh, gee, who won the game last? Like we're done in Friday. It won't think we'll be getting out of that crap. Where's Goobie do now? Right. He's watching his video. Do you notice toward the end of the game there? They were playing Doobie, Doobie, and it was, uh, Gommel-Sarcastic. They were in Pittsburgh. But Neil, I mean, it's just, let me ask you one thing. I mean, what's the young kids that we have? Do you have any fears? And they asked, um, a claim that's just more about Claude Lemieux. Meaning what? Meaning the guys that told us, I asked all, and with some of the, you know, the young kids, I mean, look what he did to Draper. Yeah. At first of all, he's not going to be planned. He's first two games. That's the number one, which it should be a lot more than that, by the way. And a general manager that frog with the avalanx, saying, oh, he's really disappointed and can't believe the suspension. What tell game was he watched in that Detroit game? But no, I'm not worried about that. They've kept their cool. They've kept their poise. They haven't been sucked into a lot of stupid penalties. And I'm not worried about it all. And, uh, you know, I just hope they doesn't decide to take off on one of our guys like that. If he does let him go hit one of the ugly guys, I dug up some of my old tapes and I can still remember when we first were given the team and we were talking about the name. And somebody first told you about the panthers. You're sitting there going panthers. Yeah. Right. How's this sound now? Sounds a lot better now. It sure does. Well, sounds better than avalanx. I'll tell you that. It sure does. Well, Neil, God bless you, the panthers and my satellite dish and the CBC and let's go, guys. All right. Take care. See you. So anyway, what happened to that thing? Unbelievable. There it is. We have an open line in day 7 5194 6 3 7 5 1 this entire town is rocking. They were selling T shirts and underwear and member of Belia and stuff that hasn't been in Vettie yesterday. They couldn't print it up fast enough. So everybody's making big bucks off of this and Wayne and Marty, Hyzinger running around like a bunch of teenagers now. And, uh, yeah, I hope everybody saw that one clip when he went. It was beautiful. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Buenos 2. Yeah. Just the most unbelievable game that I've ever seen. Yeah. I didn't think anything to six game. But when it came down to where he scored that third goal and you just knew that this was it that they were in. Yeah. Yeah. That feeling when it kind of went up over Burazzo, shorter and back behind his hands. Yeah. It was beautiful. I mean, I had my towel wrap so tied around my fingers. I just about cut my damn fingers off. Yeah. But I want to, I want to remind the fans about something. Your colleague Rick is a guy who used to cut people off. Anytime they wanted to talk hockey and say, you should tell him, call, call, meal. Yeah. He's another red late com or late blunner. Yeah. And I get the car this morning. The first thing I heard him doing with Plano's hockey highlights. I just about drove off the road. A late spy report about fat Hank. Yeah. In the Philadelphia series, uh, just before game six, it was the Monday before you came back on the air. He was he was he was doing it on on air interview with Scroop. And he was telling Scroop. No, no, I heard I heard that. I just got out. I had to four minutes. Right. That was the most time. The most embarrassing interview I ever heard in my life. He didn't have any idea what he was talking about. And it was Scrooplin that got the double minor for Slashon, Brendan Moore. He didn't have any clue what he was talking about. Exactly. And there's our prime sportscaster. Yeah. Right. Good luck to us. Me. Okay, pal. Bye. Yeah. That there's a guy that really knows his stuff. That fat Humston. We stopped talking about this. I mean, we're just in the styling. We're just in the finals. Yeah. We're just in the finals. Can we stop talking about it already? Right. We'll stop talking about it when we're ready to stop, which ain't going to be for a long time. Okay. Because this town is buzzing finally. They finally cut out the good stuff. And all you lazy slabs out there in the media who've been too lazy to like come to, you know, more than a couple of games and learn something about it too bad. Because now you're like, way back down the road. We could look back over our shoulder and you're like 10 miles behind. Now, what does this say? This is from Mike Brophy. My good friend there with the, my good personal friend, hockey news and he's sabriéed it. I didn't give us any credit in all. There he is. He's got like 60's listed. They give us any, don't put Mike Brophy on here. He's okay. He's not a bad guy, but he's full of crass. This is like Brophy. Senior writer with the hockey news. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. Like I said, Mike Brophy knows his stuff. It's 10 22 at Wild. So let's talk some more hot. D-flow movement in high Thursday night's live from David Busters, I-95 in Sterling Road, beats the sports writers on the radio with their eyes, ears, pins and microphones focused on the panthers, the sports writers on the radio, 60-um Thursday live from David Busters on news, talk an entertainment radio, 610 W-I-O-D. What's this obsession with hockey? Oh, it's wins it clearly. Four, it's in a truss. Shot by Chanel, blocked by Jordan Hall. He's going down here, it's losing. Lings are working on four. God. Down with Jody, home and friendly these cars. Oh, he's telling me he's been feeling the same. He's been feeling the same. He's been feeling the same. He's been feeling the same. He's been feeling the same. Oh, yeah. So anyway, it's 10 25 at W-I-D. I want to let that little extra bleep on air for air. Now is that really from Denver this call or is this a joke? Hello. This is really from Denver Colorado. Unbelievable. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I made you so damn much. Oh, man. Um, Panthers are awesome. Yes, they are. You have a bar of a bar of the day and there's two under hockey's game, like the last inning and I walked in and I was like, can we watch the last half of the Panthers game? Yeah. It's been important. And they changed it for me. All right. And I was like the only person in there's screaming, oh, Panthers knows awesome. It's intense. It's intense. Do you need any information at all? Do I need any information? Yeah, I work for U.S. there out here and were the ones that are running them back and forward. Yeah. Yeah. No, I guess they got there like in five o'clock in the morning on Sunday morning, right? No, I wasn't at one fifteen. Yeah, by me, our time. Oh, well, yours. I'm a three fifteen. Right. No, yeah, whatever. Cool. And then they finally got some shut eye and then they got up at noon and they discovered that they were out of the hotel that they were supposed to be in because the rooms were all sold out and they had to slump to another hotel, which is incredible. Nice. I don't know where they're standing on here. They're there. No, well, we don't want to let that word out. If you've read it over there. So, have you got a big contingent coming in from here? Unfortunately, no. No. Freaking nobody wants to come visit me. I guess. Oh, I can't believe that. I bet your people are making their plans today. I haven't called me yet. My phone hasn't wrong yet. Yeah. Like waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, maybe they're coming in on other airlines. I don't want to suggest that other airlines flighted Denver like Dalton, like that, but maybe that's what's happening. Can I just come in and not it all, right? They're not? Right. I know, I'm just kidding you. Well, I just, I had to call you. I mean, the Panthers are doing intense. Of course, how is it? The town here is Apeshot. I'll tell you that right now. Everybody in their brother is just, they're going nuts. I've missed the entire thing. I left in September. Yeah. And like, I'm here. I'm here in Colorado kind of sucks. And there's no humidity. And I want to go home. So, you're going to get tickets to go see the games at least you're not. I'm working. I'm going back to Florida on Thursday because my sister's graduating from my school. Yeah. So, like, I'm going to be working on Tuesday while they're playing the games. I'm going to, I'm going to go, I'm going to go home deep out here. Yeah. I'm going to have some matter to pipe it through the whole short because they can play a country music all day. They can play the Panthers game. Yeah. Can we take you? Okay. Well, good luck to you, pal. I missed you a lot, Neil. You're God. Go Panthers. Okay. Oh, he was pretty boring. So, anyway, no, it's probably a good thing he got out of here because he was, you know, as soon as he left, we started good things happen here for us. He's all right. Just don't take it personal. Okay. Let's go to deer field on the purple line. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Great. Saturday night, electricity was incredible. Right after the game, everybody was party and having a great time. People were using the promo, the avalanche, wolf fall. Yeah, I liked that. Yeah, not bad. And as far as I see it. And by all, and I got to tell you this because I know that most of you, oh, wait till you hear this. You know how I've been telling you this. Stan Savorn who does the sports feature on KDL and Pittsburgh hasn't been given a Senate credit. So, when the game was over, they had a 30 minute post game show, which I'm sure they thought was going to be their celebration, no, their victory celebration. And it was like a wake. And Stan Savorn was still refusing to give us any credit. And he almost got into a fistfight with Guy Junker who does the show with him. And the colors were like given him a bunch of crap like cheese. You got to give this a Panther team some credit, you know. And he just could, well, you know, it's the seven games. And I wish we had another seven games. I hate to break the news to you. Stan, it don't work that way. It's not a 14 game series at seven. You guys lost. He was brutal. Is there going to be anything with regard to a penalty imposed on the Apple land for what he did in the last game against Detroit? Who will you? Yes. Well, when I, if you've been in a cocoon somewhere, he got suspended to games. No, I know that, but I'm saying someone said that he was going to be a two minute penalty for what he did at the end. There's no, there's no carryover of penalties from all game to one other. Okay, because it's what the media was saying. In fact, somebody, one of the things, because we got all these people talking about who don't know what they're talking about. They said, well, they're going to be penalized for the next two games. So that's not a good to me. You know, they're like, they're going to be short handed for the entire two games. Yeah. He just gets suspended. That's their penalty. And it should be a lot more than two. Should be the whole series. It no doubt about it because what he did was a. Rotest. Yeah. Is that you think it's going to be, I mean, it's a physical, I mean, the most physical of all the series so far. You're going to be real physical or a very physical team. Okay, because I know things so tough here, would regard to that series Boston with that series. And now it hitsburg. In fact, that's the main reason that they knocked off Detroit is because the and Don Terry has been talking about it a lot. Those five Russians on there on Detroit just like last year against New Jersey once they start hitting the man, they all kind of turtle down there on the ice and they take run for cover and they become very ineffective. But but nobody's intimidated us all year and it's not going to happen now. This team reminds me so much. And I don't know if you'll agree with me of the island that they repeated four years in a row. A young aggressive team that doesn't take any crap from anybody. But we don't have the least poppin. We do as a brock. Yeah, that's it. Maybe he'll start taking credit for now. Yeah, I think no, Neil, you would need to take all the credit man. You put this face on the map. You put this place on a map. And all I hear is the negative stuff from the from the media at the new Broward County arena, which is going to be the best in the country. I think this so jealous that is coming into Broward that they have nothing better than I want you to keep in mind tomorrow is the final vote. Okay. And I'm going to tell you on the day on the day when we're going to be playing tomorrow night, the first game in a Stanley Cup finals. If any of those Broward commissioners has the balls to vote no, including John Rodstroman, they better run for cover. I think it's just a big game and all it is just about technicalities that work and out and they're just trying to make it look like to do an extra effort putting forward just to make everybody look good in the deal looks weep. They better walk in here tomorrow with a real happy look on their posts and every one of them can get up at the same time and go. Yeah. Yeah. Or else 1996 will be incredible. We'll have the couple have the arena in two years. I mean this place is growing. It leaps and bounds and thank you, Mr. Rod just look at it on the face of the map and you're welcome. And you have a good one and go, Panthers. All right. We have an open line on a purple line, pound IOD. That's right. A lot of people out there, Joseph Gackies out there and Denver would have big silly look on his posts like somebody put a last pick on his lips like they're stretched from like one ear to the other one and those big gigantic stupid eyebrows and he's pretending like number one. He knows something about it. Number two isn't thused about it. Right. Don't forget guys, whatever you do don't take any hockey calls because it's boring. At a boy, Joe. At a boy, you really can sniff out something good when it's right there on your doorstep. Can't you, Joe? You can really grab it when it's right there right in your way to your finger tips. Here's a gackie. So, Terry. Here's Parkland. Hello. No. Yes sir. Hi, how's it going? Great. How much would you give? How much of your sell would you give up to have your name, the name, the phone number and address that asshole from Pittsburgh who called you. Yeah. We've got to get him five. At least a buck. I'm believable. I mean, I thought something we can revel in the knowledge of knowing that that puts his hiding under his covers now. Sitting there crying his bear crying and his snops looking out of the smokesdecks getting ready for a 900 degrees summer and a 20 below win the next year. Right. Go panties. You've done a lot to get everybody interested. I never was a hockey man before. I started getting involved for just any couple of hours. Now I love it. So, all right. Take it all the way. Okay, pal. Have a good one. Thanks. Look what I just got here. Woo. I'm telling you one thing. I'm going to buy a new house. Look at that. Look at that. Here's another lithograph. This I'm sure is from our friends at the Denise Pot fans. I'm positive of that. Right? This one don't have no note or no letter or no nothing on it, which I wish it did because, um, oh, look at that. It's number 6 10 again. On the back, you know how to give the certificate of authenticity on the back and it's the number 6 10 in the series. Stanley Cup 1996 and it's got the avalanche logo in the bottom left hand corner and the panther logo in the bottom right. And it's just a, oh, beautiful, beautiful thing. It's got the big thing of the cup and then a hockey player. And over, it's just a great thing. And the broken hockey stick and a big, a Stanley Cup puck. This is the best of all. And then of course, once we win a Stanley Cup itself, then we'll have any better one. So what's that number? I'm sure that if they want this, it's that same number. It's 1 800 up your ass, head trick, 1 800 hat trick without the C, ATT, TRIK. And I don't know how much this one is because there's no note or no nothing, but I thank your profusely. I assume it's from our friend Jeff over there at Denise Pot fans sports. And it's just another beautiful lithograph baby. You gotta have it. You gotta have every one of these. And we'll all have to have bigger houses so that we have a gigantic trophy room so we can hang all of our stuff and our placards and stuff so we can all be hung. 1034 Wiod. When you talk live on 610 Wiod, you'll be recording and we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it. I think it's God. I love him. I'm having a gay affair with him. Can 45 to go to the 33. There's Yachter of Pacific Red Flama. Long shoot in, played by Gord Murphy back on Stratka. Plus look again. Great food by Stratka. Don't worry, the Stratka is there. Yes! Lemue was 6 points in the series and 46 points. And the playoffs. So he now trails Joe Sackett by a couple of memories. He tries to join Sackett. And the avalanche in the stand like a championship series. There's a three-time quarterback scores. Yes! Yes! Ned Vett will take the face off for Pittsburgh. Again Brian Strubleen. Lemue boys didn't be high, Ned Vett. But the paint is win the draw. It's strong. It's a down. So Bob Hussman. Raise the bear's stadium. He was hit by Huss. That's 20 seconds like to the paint runs a half to Harry. Here's the shoot in and the auger's first one to it. Oh, back there, back there. And this amazing story is going to continue. The player, the characters, the first game, something. I'm going to start on this film and I'm going to wrap it all in a long. Okay, 22 to 11 at Wild. The town is pumped by the way. If there's anybody out there, they want to make a lot of money in these next few days. That's like, you know, with the rat people or any of the places that are selling all this different stuff. Facts into us because you're probably never get through on a phone. Okay, the fact number is 758 Wild. So if you got stuff to pedal more than happiness in here, give you little plug. Promote because everybody in town should have some kind of paraphernalia. They should have a rat hanging out of their ass or like something on their windshield everywhere. They should be waving it and the stuff too. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I wasn't on hold the talk to you, but I'll talk to you anyway, I guess. Well, what you run whole four. Just a little bit of an old man. I couldn't hear you show. Why not? Because there's no radio station up here that catches the signal. Because of the wind they blow in in the right direction. They exactly. Yeah, but I guess it's some on the radio. I came up for my dad's house to to watch the game on soundlight. Here's the CBC broadcast. It was awesome. Right. It was totally odd. I'd you like what Don Cherie said that he's a Panther fan. He's both for the Panthers now. Yeah, yeah, you got like that. Exactly. He was hitting around how he was going for the Panthers totally. But it was amazing. It's uh, I think they're going to kill the avalanche because they're defense. Mario and you was talking about how the Panthers defenses the best you've ever played up against. You know something yesterday he said he went beyond that. He said this is the best team I've ever played against. Yeah. That's what we all know. The best team you've ever played. First he said it's the best defense. It's he. Yesterday he said this is the best team I've ever played against. Well, I have to agree because you watch all that you watch. Their defense this year is better than the New Jersey devil was last year. Yeah, but we but we don't have to play that kind of trap and such in grand though. You know, we played tight defense. But at least we don't play that boring game. We tried playing that in the second period the night almost backfired on us. Right. And for the solar bear fans, well, they lost game one and uh, uh, the first game of the they're playing their playing Utah. Yeah, Utah. Yeah, you talk. Yeah, you talk about two minutes of that last night. Yeah, they lost an over time three, two, two. I'll tell you one thing. Alan Bester formally of the main belief. He made I just now actually watched about 10 minutes of the first period. He was incredible last night. Oh, yeah, he was awesome. Good goalie. Yeah, but if I can go back on hole, the sets pass, but love. Okay, for a little while, okay, hang on. He's tied up on our lines. But that's okay, because it's a green line and those people in Palm Beach, they won't be able to get through one headline too bad. They deserve it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah, sir. Rocky God. Mr. Puckface. Let's keep the fans the basketball fans about hockey. I see. People. What does that? Well, I mean, if you've been to a heat game with the Chicago Bulls, I haven't been to a heat game period. No, do I ever intend to go to one? You're lucky. I mean, when Michael Jordan Scotty Pippin are here, the crowd cheers for the other team. Nice. All right. We're working. Like when the Marlins won nine in a row and they come out through the next day and they're bull and Jeff Kona and really nice fans. What did they about the Panther fans? We don't boo our own guys. We may get pissed off at a once in a while, but we don't boom after game six. We were outside waiting for La Mue and Yager and when they came out, nobody got their autographed. Yeah, we last really. Geared. We got under their skin and that's all we have to say. Okay. Go Panther. See a pal. How's the heat doing? By the way, okay. We have an open line in date. 7519463751 Wild. The TV stations were all over this thing. Like stink on Rick Sanchez. I mean, it was a channel seven like I said in particular. Since they happen to be the beneficiary of being affiliated with Fox. They're going to have some of the games. I sure hope not that I have to worry about it because I'll be watching them all on CBC because now we get the entire number one crew. We get Bob Cole and Harry Neal doing a play by playing the color. We get Ron McClain and Don Chiri and you know, the number one crew in it for the finals, of course. But when Fox has some of these telecast, I sure hope they're not planning on using at Fox tracks for the finals here because that would be that would be an act of insulin the likes of which we've never heard of. That's right. So you Fox people ditch the crap okay. Don't try to take the Stanley Cup finals and turn some of these games into like a video game. Okay. We have more than just two and three year old little punky kids watching the games now. So grow up and get a life. We don't want to see the a puck sitting up their eight rows up in a crowd. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neal. Yes, sir. How you doing sir? Fantastic. Man, it is electrifying, exciting and all the rest. My heart survived it. All I could say is Saturday and it's Saturday night. I was going, uh, yeah. It was unbelievable. Hey, listen, last Wednesday. Ah, that's Wednesday night and I tried to call you earlier. I was listening to that other station 2 a.m. Yeah. This guy, Raroco, whatever's name. Rocky Bend over you. When when on record, this is Wednesday night. Hey, when on record is said that they're not going to 6 game Thursday and Pittsburgh is the best and even if they do win Thursday. I can't imagine why he's saying that since he's going to a job in Pittsburgh as a Vallejo yesterday. I think he left to go to Pittsburgh. So I wonder why he's sucking around with them already. Right. And then he said, even if the Panthers win game 6, there's no way they're going to win. Right. And on and on and on. You know, so I just like to say one thing to with them, Rocko Pendola. Throw it out to ask. Ah, all right. See you. Yeah, that's typical of the kind of, then there wasn't a default that picked up penguins to beat us in 6. I don't want to start picking on Jeff Kent and see the fourth for his knees. Who knows nothing about the sport. Unfortunately, I don't want to start picking on him and other sour posts. And what about, oh, how could I have gotten through almost the entire first hour? And forgotten our good dear friend at the Miami Harold Greg Co-tex. You son of a bitch. Isn't this the guy that said when we lost game for there, which we had the one-off in lead and we blew it in the third period and instead of taking a three to one lead in the series, it wound up two two and then we felt behind three two and some of us still said, hey, no problem. We'll be okay. And after we lost that fourth game, which only even the series up at two, Cinderella broke her slippers and where it was nice while it lasted and we burst the bubble at all. What was me? What's his number again? 376. 376. 3492. 3492. I know a lot of people are real busy today going out and buying banners and t-shirts and caps and paraphernalia and pucks in the schmucks. But if you have a moment, you might want to fill up his voice mail again and tell him, okay, that's for you, Greg Co-tex. I think that's what Wayne was probably talking about. That's what he was thinking about when he put his head on Brian Scrootland shoulder. He said, that's for that Greg Co-tex who don't believe you got to believe guys and he don't believe. You're out Greg. You piece of walking, there is a piece of pus on two legs. Greg Co-tex at the Harold, which he fits it over there like a glove at that pus field paper. Oh, yeah, we got no chance. Now the dream is over and you could sense it and you can, yeah, we lost the game. It wasn't either one at all to every game and to play off is different than the one that preceded it. All those seasons, statistics, throw them out. All the game's that preceded it, throw them out. Because whatever and the only thing that was consistent for us, thank goodness is that we tied up Mario and Yager, the entire series. They didn't score a goal between them in the last five games of the series, which is just unbelievable. And we did a phenomenal job on them. And I want to tell you something else, Brian Scrooval and I've criticized him a lot during the year and he's deserved it. But in the playoffs boy, he's had some of the most incredible moments in that game's seven. He not only had Mario covered Greg, but he had Mario pissed off the whole game. He was yanket him. He was a slewfooted mayor one time. He was in his face if you saw some of those face-offs. Adam O'ys Scrooie, he had Mario. He didn't know whether to scream or each of Kitas banana. He didn't know whether to scream or he robbed, but in the more his nose. So it's 1046 at Wild. D. He was growing water, washed blood, but she does it with seemingly. And that's what's that child's tucking hand in the water from South Florida's premier news team. We guys, but the strong thing is arms in the nose. With any strong coming stormy guys, the pump buddy gets the phone calls or even the tornado. New news, talking entertainment radio. 610 W. I. O. D. This is your boy in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. You're as formidable for quit on a half forward for those Captain Front. Rindable with the fuck. 20 minutes after he left with all his life. And those want here. And he will get it to the foot. Here's the prank. Losing. A way from Spobona. Liji's there. Oh, hey, and the petters lead. What's up, I think. So 1050 at Wild. D. And let me just, we got some faxes here. Here's one from Zina. And I didn't hear the call, but I had a first before that. Jim Schoenfeld of the caps is the one that told Don Carroski, go eat another donut. And you're absolutely correct. I had a couple of faxes about that. Zina says, Neil, I had a panther party at my home Saturday night. Two barbecue penguins. Stakes up. My heart was going to come out of my chest. It was pounding so hard in my heart too. What again? And here's the PSD, the piece of ass. I would do resistance. I called the Wild Sunday morning, Sports Show. And asked is anyone thank Neil Rogers for turning this town out of the most exciting almost orgasm. Exporting his day and age. And I continued Neil worked as ass off trying to open our eyes to hockey and I haven't heard anyone say thanks to Neil. Would you believe the host of the show? I think it was Kimba Boe, Boe Jangels, completely blew off what I was saying and said that we have to praise the panthers and not Neil Rogers. What an asshole Zina says. He completely missed the point. I wasn't taking away from the panthers. I was commenting on how at least in my case if we were not for you. I would have been missing out on the electricity of such thrilling events. Plus, bees are I love you, Zina. Nice going, Zina. Neil, there you go. See the thing that the thing that pleases me is like the coach and a general manager and a president of the team and all the people in the organization. They know that some of us have worked our asses off, our fat asses off for three years, try to get everybody into it and explain to them what they were missing. And put asses in O'Sedes, even during like ordinary pedestrian games, when it wasn't the Stanley Cup playoffs, it much less defined as the finals. And so people like Boe Kambru has no business to be talking about hockey in the first place. He can go on there and be a sour poison place little silly carton do his little thing all he wants. Okay. We act more mature on this show. Yeah, we don't play a bunch of silly little carts and sound effects. Okay, Boe Jangels, I'll grow up, you dumb jock. Here's a Jupiter. Hello. Well, that's good. Blow it out at his ass. Okay. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I went to spec today. I figured I tried my luck. There were about 200 people in line. Yeah. And you know, they put all the numbers in a thing and pull it out. It's awful. I hate that. I am whatever number, if you close, you got it. So what do people that stood online since Saturday night and then they wind up getting shine. No, I know. Well, they'll learn. They picked number 50. I'm 51. I am ecstatic. I know I got tickets. You got it? You get second in line. It turns out I have 151. I was 100 people behind. Oh my god. Oh, I was so depressed. I blow my brains out or maybe there is. I did have ready. You know, my husband had a good point about Claude Lemieux. Yeah. He wears a face mask on his thing. That's right. He's protected. Oh, sure. He's just like, old Samuel, so no, also where's the face mask. That's right. They wear the plastic shield. So nobody can get their ass. But many tend to be ringing in the gouging and cross checking everybody else out there. Right. I know. I know. I hope we give him a good one. Like we did to Yag or he'll get a good one. No, not Yag or who was it? Yag or maybe in the so what's Lindros? Yeah. And Yag or two. Yag got belted twice. Oh, yeah. I know he was unconscious a couple minutes there. You know, we're looking for flags for the car. So if anybody, we went to saw Gris this weekend and nobody had him. Everybody was out of them. Okay. We'll find a 751. Like I said, if you got Panther flags, Panther T shirts, Panther rats, paraphernalia, facts it over to us. 758 WOD will put the ward out and you'll be sold out in two minutes or less. Also, I had a great poem. Somebody facts me here too. I don't know who it's from, but it's good enough to read. It says first were the Bruins. They left them in Ruins. Next came the flyers and other wrong hire. The penguins were great, but these birds the cat ate. The the cat say, the avalanche are good too, but the cats know what to do by using the rats' powers Lord Stanley couple of hours. Let's go, Panthers. Nice going guys. Go wherever you are, go ahead. Here's the curl springs on a purple line. Hello. Yes sir. All right. Try to get tickets this morning. Bad luck didn't get any. Yeah. I wanted to tell you that I was flipping through the channel wind in my bed with my girlfriend last night and watching channel seven highlights and everything pretty cool highlights, but we turned on sports rap. Have you ever seen that show before? I was on at your last last year briefly, but before they decided they wanted to do these pop fans, I told her to blow it out their ass. Funny thing. Reliant and bad. I think it's Kim Bo Campers on that show. No man which. Man which in the forest. Man which in the forest and you flipped up last night, they said, you know, Florida in Colorado, Florida had success with Bobby for it, but instead of saying success, he came out and said, well, Florida had success with Patrick Law before. We were jacked. Yeah, that's probably see. Man it's showered so many times with the dolphins, even when he wasn't playing it, that's all he thinks about. You know, he's having sex with him. The other guy, we just flipped it on for a second and said that and we were rolling on the floor. Yeah. Well, I guess it's the divorce defos hot for anybody at this point. Yeah, and man which goes, we know what you have on your mind. Right. So this one is the call. Yeah. Well, they're on top of the, they're making almost think about that. They're right on top of these things. Well, Neil just wanted to call you. Let you know. I know my way to work. Just wanted to let you know. You are the hotkey. God. Okay, pal. Take care. Hang in there. Bye. Bye. Yeah, the I have a line. Don't take them lightly, baby, because they got a great team. And I'd like to point out because they hear these very unknowledgeable people saying, oh, I'll cloud the view. Listen, I was first two games is a big deal. You might think it is, but it's not. Okay, because he was suspended early in the Detroit series when he just barreled in the Cosloven, smacked him from behind gave him a cheap punch in the back of the head when he wasn't looking and he got one game for that. So what happened in that game? Avalanche one. Then he gets suspended for again, he, and not suspended, but thrown out the game in the sixth and final game. Early in the game, he did the number run Chris Draper. He gets throughout that game, Avalanche went a game. So two games he's missed already and they have a lunch one both games. So don't take this team lightly, okay, because they can be damn dangerous. Oh Jay is into scary play. This could be real ass. Look how done yet, mid bar score. There it goes. And that only they got a hell of a lot of guns out there offensive but they got a much much better defense than Pittsburgh. Okay, make no mistake about that. So just I just want you to keep that in mind. Okay, I'm not saying that we're not going to win because I think we are, but it ain't going to be no cakewalk. Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. I tell you, Neil, about 47 minutes ago, I could have been diagnosed as having major depression. Why is that? Because I went down to, I was okay, I'll go down the spec. I'll get mine. You know, why not? Yeah. I'm driving by Blockbuster music over in Pemberg Pines. Now they're young all. Yeah. And there was like nobody there. There were like 40 people there. So I was like, oh, I'll go there because my chances will be better. I go there, get my number. I was like, okay, I have about a half an hour. I went to go get a soda, I came back and whole bunch of people were leaving. So I said, oh, you know what's going on. I said, okay, well, we picked a number that we're going to start with. I said, okay, what is it? 663. I look at mine. Wow, that's 667. Wow, I'm number five. I'm like, cool. I'm sitting in line. I'm really nervous. And first person gets four tickets. Second person gets four tickets. Third person gets four tickets. Next person gets four. And you're out. Oh, my God. I was going to cry. I would have pulled a rate. Calm sit that point. I would have blown my brains out. I was going to cry. I mean, I was all set to call my brother from Connecticut. I'm going to go see the game. Nothing. I tell you. But I'll still have fun though. I'll still have fun. I'll be watching the game somewhere. I don't know where you're going to be. But written on the Panthers. There you go. Yeah. Where does the wheelers away? Yes. Okay, sweetheart. Good luck. Open line of Broward 524. Well, you know, it's one of these deals. You've got to understand this. 80 million of these tickets master outlets. And they've each got a very limited number. There's only 2700 tickets for each game for these games. Three and four are first to home games. And so you divide like eight million locations in a 2,700 tickets. So they don't have too many tickets. So even though there's like only you follow what I'm saying. In other words, you've got to try and make sense in hell's what you got. But hey, some of us have got our tickets. I don't want to sound like condescending or anything like that. But some of us who've been seasoned ticket holders, loyally for three years, we got hours. So of course to show you jumping on a bandwagon. Maybe okay, but being a loyal fan in seasoned ticket holder may have a few benefits. So you'd like this. 610. Daddy, you are high. Oh, see. I am for Laura. You've used talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Good morning. 11 o'clock. I'm Terry Griffin with 610 WIOD news brought to you by Miami's sub-girl. The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat. That is the situation for the Panthers fans who waited in live for hours to get tickets to the Stanley Cup Final Games played in Miami. Some people have very upset this morning. But others were thrilled, including Barbara Fandino of Miami, who was lucky enough to snag some tickets. We got here at Final Cauts this morning. I have been waiting waiting, hoping for a ring. To every God, the Goddess, Panther Goddess, everybody that we could face. And we finally came through. We got tickets. 2700 tickets were up for grabs through a lottery system. That means that some people who waited for days left empty handed. The action starts tomorrow night against the avalanche in Colorado. I'm Terry Griffin news talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Oh, Neil, Mike Queen. God. Dream that loose, deep in every heart, He goes God damn the name, That's just they've damned heart. And it's worth the sweltering. And it's worth the fight. Because it's fair, you never come away. Okay, 11.05. It's WIOD. You got a combination now, man. You got to teach your and the student together at one time. How are you doing, Doug? Great. How are you? I'm telling you, man. I came so close to having a heart attack during an acumen Saturday. I could just imagine what you were going through. I know it was actually an old nail. It's easier on the bench because you're working. And you're not really thinking as much about what can go wrong, Maybe in all your sort of your busy. I guess is the thing. Some time. Like my mother, she spends the games in the kitchen. Clean it up. She told me the other day. Sometimes things happen in a game. And you get the feeling that maybe there's something in the air there. Because I was saying after they tied it up on one, I was saying all we need is a lucky break. I had a feeling all we need was something good to happen. And then Wilkinson got a stick on Tommy shot there and that made a knuckle ball and got it in the net. And then even Garper Law School, it looked like maybe Brass was going to stop it. And he got a piece that went over his shoulder. When you saw those two goals, you get the feeling something is in the air for us. I got it in the third and one in. I felt pretty good. Yeah, you could see that. It was a relief. So what kind of a growing trip did you guys have out there? Well, we got here at 5 o'clock yesterday morning. A.M. and it was a good trip though. We had a lot to fun and lots of laughs and enjoyed the moment. And I was pretty good. I think the bus ride from Pittsburgh to the airport was maybe the best bus ride I've ever been on in my life. I mean, it was put on a highlight tape and hot elaps and cheers and just a lot of fun. And you know, watching CBC the other night, Cherry finally came out of the closet. He says, you know, who I'm rooting for. I'm rooting for the Panthers. And the Rhonda claim pointed out that most of Canada, I guess the exception there will be that segment of Quebec where those frogs are still, you know, the avalanche and the Nordic and Ed Holdier. But other than Quebec, I think Canada is behind us. I guess it's unbelievable. My brother and Vancouver told me that the Panthers, he didn't have some t-shirts out there on the label. So I think it's really taken off all over the country. So it's kind of adds pretty special, you know, that we've such a new team and we've picked up lots of fans. And I'll tell you if you watch our team, it's tough not to like them. Yeah. There's not one guy on this team that you can't help but like. And you know, the thing that is amazing is that guys who, I don't want to get into a thing about who's going to sit and who's going to play. But guys who have been sad out who've been healthy scratches at one time or another. And some of them recently, like my cough, he's healthy scratch a few times. He's really come back alive and he's got like totally rejuvenated in the series. Garper love who was scratched a few times here in a playoffs, played a tremendous game on Saturday and got the big goal. Yeah, that shows what kind of team guys are in. And you have to be like that this time of year. And it's tough on guys when they get sad or like it kills them to be quite honest. You know, because they all want to be out there. But the team's number one this time of year. You sacrifice for the team right now. Now, what's the, what's the feedback out there? Somebody just facts me a column from the Rocky Mountain news. In Denver that says, Panthers will frustrate the avalanche. It says McClain and his cats deserve utmost respect and credit. And I'll take it a step further. I don't think they've gotten either of those. And I'll tell you one thing in Pittsburgh, they were still crying to blues after that. Game stands seven on KBL was still not given us any credit. And it was really sad to see what lack of class they showed up there. Some of those guys, although the penguins I thought showed a lot of class after the game. But some of the sports writers liked it. Are they given us some credit out there at Denver or they, uh, I've been a lot. I haven't seen today's papers, but there hasn't been a lot. You know what, I get a kick out of the respect thing. And I've said it all year. The media is the problem. That's that's where we don't get respect. We get unbelievable respect from our peers. That's the players and the league and the coaches and managers. And that's when you're in this business, that's really all you care about. Yeah. Because I'll tell you, Mario, Lamue and Yomri Yager. These guys really respect the Panthers. They know how hard it is to play against the Panthers. And the players and the league respect this team like you wouldn't believe. And that's what it's all about. We didn't know Mario after Game 6 said, I'm sure you saw the clip where he said it was the best defensive team. After Game 7, and I don't know if he got a chance to see that. But he said, this is the best team he played against ever played against. Which is a hell of a compliment. And I'll really is because Mario's a class guy. Yeah. He hasn't had a tough series. And he was the first guy over the shake hands after. And I really appreciate that. And Eddie Johnson, too, of course, being the next goal tender coming from him. It really means something. He said, Bezer was so great, which he was on Saturday. He said, we could have kept playing for another seven days. And the way he was playing, we were not going to get another one in there. I don't know. I hope he keeps it up. Yeah. If he's ever played a better game than that, I just don't know how it's possible. I mean, he's going to play off this guy. Yeah. I mean, it's been unbelievable. Really when you look at what he's done. And at the he's fought through some tough times this year. And I give him all the credit in the world because he's a guy. He's a guy that gives a chance. Now, what about the avalanche? I know that Lemuse got a Mr. First two games and some of these people who aren't too. I've been trying to point out that Lemuse got suspended for one of the games against Detroit after he smacked Coslov in the back of the head. And they won that game. And then he got tossed out for doing the number on Draper in the six days. And they won that game easily. So people that think Coslov Lemuse getting tossed out for a couple of games. It's going to make it easier. I think they'd better be careful. They've got a real good team. Yeah. The big thing they have gone that the other teams who played had didn't was a tremendous depth. Like you rewatched the tapes and it's hard to find a problem area with them. They're pretty sound everywhere. And also that's a concern. I think they've got three or four legitimate stars. But they've got a lot of real good players. And they sure have a great defense. I'll tell you that. Yeah. They do and they're big and they're strong. And they're not a physically tough team. I don't think. But they're they're really sound in every area. And you're not going to intimidate them. And you're not going to. You know, you're not going to wear them down. I don't think so. I'm a little nervous about them in Patrick walk and can be. Beaches well. We have a lot of something we have had his number is. Especially when he was with much y'all. But the thing. The thing he was going down there on a golf hall. Is that what it was? The thing that really gets me though. The thing that really I believe about him is. If you hit him with a lot of shots, you're going to score some goals. If he has the great defense and if they protect him, he'll make a couple of great saves in a game. But as long as he doesn't get barrage with a lot of shots. I don't want to get 60 and I don't want to do it. 40 or 50 will be good. We'll throw 160 in there just to remind him. But I'll tell you they've got a real good team. But I'll tell you something else. We got a real good team too. We sure do. And it's going to be fine. And I want you to know because you're out there. But I'm telling you, yes today. The TV stations here. All of a sudden they discovered the Panthers. They discovered hockey. They discovered you. They discovered Brian Murray and Bill Terry. They read discovered everything. I'll tell you the guy that really bothers me a lot. Brian Murray doesn't get his name. Never gets mentioned. Very often. But I'll tell you this guy is so solid. What he's done for this organization is scary. All he's the man right now. All he did was build two of the last of the final four teams in a playoff to try to the Panthers. It's all he did. I'm trying to mistreating because the lucky guy to have the sky. I'll tell you that. He's a main man. Well Wayne is going through a second childhood yesterday. I don't know if you got a sense of seam in a hallway out there when a game ended. But he was out there with Screwy and at one point he just lost and he kind of put his head over against Screwy shoulder and he went like they just he just lost it. He was speechless. He had no words. You know what he's been on. Believe he comes in the dressing room in my office before the games on the road. And he just he just walks in. You know, whatever happened, you guys are doing great. Just keeping up everything. So up being positive. And you know, you really appreciate that when you're you're in when you're coaching. You know, it's a fun way to be. You but listen, this town is like I said is on fire. They're buying caps. They're buying t-shirts. They're buying rats. They're buying hats. They can't even keep them in stock. The TV stations are going like 24 hours a day. I'd say like on Channel 7 last night out of 30 minutes newscast must have been 20 minutes of it was out of Panthers. That's great. You've never seen a game. It doesn't look like it. You don't have to stay here and hold these guys hands over here. And I have to get all my CBC stuff on here. And of course now we're going to get the number one team. We get Bob and Harry and the cherry and and at whole gang. So I got to come on here and play our seven array goals every game. So I guess these guys need me here. So you're not coming to Denver that I guess not. I can't believe I'm not coming. Remember it don't look like he's going to be coming. Well, he's got to read a football. He's got that arena football. Now what he says is pretty damn exciting. So you know, it goes to show you where his legions are. Did he any good at that? No comment. Dog best to lock. Thank you for an incredible year and we'll be looking for you on Saturday. And these people this entire town is on fire behind you. Thanks a lot, Neil. Good luck, Doug. Any no more tips? Out those will be in the mail. Okay. Telegram will be at you, Dor. See you. Okay. Doug McClain, the coach of the Panthers. He's the best. What a classy guy. A great guy. A man. It's always accessible. The media man has always got a sense of humor. And he's the best. What could I tell you? 11 14 at Wild. It's madness. It can't do to go to their management's gone nuts. And they've released the authorized release of the lowest sales prices ever. When they say the lowest, they're talking the first serious. The MS. Listen to these prices. New 96 through sales starting at 89 91. New 96. Corolla starting at 10,999. New 96. Camerry starting at 13, 91. And new to come is starting at 10,591. So what are you waiting for? Get down to Kendall Toyota before they wake up and realize they're practically Givities cars away. No hassle, no negotiating. Like I've been telling you, it's one price selling. The worst price in the world is right there on the windshield. Stirring you right in the post. And your old cars worth $4,000 to the purchase of select new 96 to it is right now. At Kendall Toyota on US-1, just south of Dadeland. $4,000 trade offer on new 96 to it is based on MSRP excludes to your sales RV, 4s, 4 runners and Corolla's offer non-conjunctial with any other offer. One trade per deal on approved credit. You say that it would be eating if I didn't do anything as far as any further than this thing up to the clamp to think like that. Ashen phones, AGM till midnight, unused talking entertainment radio. 610, WIOD. Yes, so I'm not giving that away, Sarah. Sarah comes in here and sees this latest lithograph. She said, oh, who's getting that? I am sweetheart. Stanley Cup 1996, Championship is on the bottom left. It's got that avalanche, which makes me sick and it's got the panther, which is the best logo in the league next to the Maple Leaf. And that's in the bottom right hand corner. And it says Western Conference Champion versus Eastern Courts. And they just keep on coming. Now I'm putting my trophy room. I got all kinds of good stuff in there. I'm going to have to expand it. I'm buying a new house now on over this. So anyway, it's 1118 at WIOD. He heard the coaches come. He's confident he's cool. He's not cocky because he knows they got a hell of a team. They got a defense man. He got that Silver and LaFave, which the Leafs, the worst thing they ever did, was trading away. They got UE crew, and they got Kusarov, and they got Lassision and O'Sulention, very fathom of foot. They got one hell of a defense this team. But Patrick Wod at Frogman, always a mystery. And what I'm saying is, especially against us, get the Frog, kill the Frog. That's what I'm saying. Claude and that one. Anyway, it's 1118 at WIOD. Here's a facts from the baseball card store in Fort Lauderdale. Actually, there are 232 South University drive in the community, and the plantations. They've got Eastern Conference Championship T-shirts. Panthers versus Penguin T-shirts. Panthers, Flyers T-shirts, posters, programs. Later this week, they'll have Eastern Conference Championship Baseball caps and pucks. Oh, this is from the Blade Runner girl. How do you like that? She almost had a heart attack too. She was stroking her Stevie Isam and blow up doll while she was watching the game to keep her calm. So that's from the Blade Runner girl. What does she have to do with the baseball card store, but anyway, it may as she worked there? Or what's the deal? She just hang out there waiting for a Jocester Amperes stuff. So thanks, Blade, very much. And here's another one that's, where's this? Real-time, I don't know what this is. I don't know what it is. We'll all figure it out. Okay, here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. I watched the game Saturday night at Pleasure Island in Orlando. Yeah. And the place was going nuts. They have one bar down at the end that they got all these CVs. It's a huge bar called fireworks. There were people in there with Panther jerseys just screaming and doing the let's go panther. They're just having a blast. They want that game. They were just dancing a jig. Uh-huh. If we can say that. Huh? Yeah. I just want to share that with you. Good. Thanks for the good news, pal. Alrighty. And have a great day. You too. And see you. Open on a Broward 5249-463524WD. We're trying to put together. I don't want to, I don't want to, you know, put the carpet for the horse. We're trying to put together a package whereby we might be able to get some, um, put together a package to Denver. For those two games out there, Sarah's working on it and we'll see if that works out. But I just want to, you know, alert you to that. If there's anybody at St. Risen going, we might have something for you. But if we do, we'll have to do it real quick. Here's the lady in Del Rey Beach. Hello. Hi, me, oh. Yes, man. I, I feel so lucky. I got to pick it. Alright. Oh, why do we got a happy story here? Totally right. Happy days are here again. Oh, we got so lucky. I feel so fortunate. I, I'm so excited. And you've made it exciting to listen to and in, in the little clips that you play here and there. It's just so exciting. And we just can't wait. So did line this morning. They did a lottery thing. And I stood in line with a two and a half month old baby and survived that. Baby was great. And now we're just totally psyched for the game. Fantastic. Excited. And thank you for making it exciting to listen to too. A little bit that you play. That's why I got to stay here all week. They've been offering to send me to Denver. You know, but I just, I feel, come pill. I feel like I got to be there taping off the CBC, bringing in these highlights, getting everybody whipped up the town needs me. Yeah. Most of the time they could live without me. But right now this town needs me badly. And spread a wet boat campuses. No, you're the best cheerleader for this team. Okay. Thanks. Have a good one. I'll see you there. Bye-bye. How do you like that? There's a lucky lady that got there. And of course, these other people probably want to find out where she is and be the stuffings out of her. But that's just our grapes. Okay. So, we're going to have to go to bed. You lose. Anyway, this town is on fire. The phones are smoking. And let me say it again because it gives me tremendous satisfaction knowing and having known for many many years of my life. That there's nothing when it comes to sports that can touch hockey number one. And kind of even come close to the Stanley Cup playoffs. There's nothing that generates the excitement to side courses. And I'll say it again in case you missed it earlier. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And I'll say it again in case you missed it. And then maybe we continued, when you including the rotor pressure. And this Dave Dave, George Hodge, Angela Foitz, At the end of the season He missed a P moves closets. Next two SHAT Nickels, We'll get you home chop. And he's stuck in the long-lament sig help. and he's going to be high by Strictland Hipster's Wolfson. Strictland's loose and he is back up. Three on one. It's from high shoots of scores. Like up. That's open the score. From Florida. Yes. Ready, four, second to go. In the collar play is what you hit the street in the auger. All right, y'all. What you hit the score? All right. And he's going to be a good one. The score. The score. Murphy's back for Florida. And Murphy clearly works at a head to top this girl over the line. Stars. Top this girl. And the pelters are back in front. Yes. Yes. Three minutes to play in the third. All right. Here's the second. And a man who's going to mirror the mirror to mirror an eye. Six three going, doesn't net. But, and Bill, let's see start back. Here's the two on one. For Florida. Lose the over the line. Passes across. They scored. Y'all have Garfield live. It's three. One path through. to play offensive hockey. It's so much more fun during the regular season. The boy, have the Panthers ever made that a true was a mirror in this series. They've held this team down. It'll be just about 2.3 goals a game in this series. Centering Pan's in play, shots are flexible. Backhanders and bees broke on the eye, he's knocked it away on the fire side. Suva holding it in. Countdown underway in 4. Set the right short team, say, son. They're going to the Stanley Cup Final. The Panthers have beaten Pittsburgh. Great one. The Panthers have beaten Pittsburgh. The Panthers have beaten Pittsburgh. Yeah, this is a pretty positive article here. It's the first one I'm reading from the Denver Press. It's a lot better than anybody in Pittsburgh ever wrote about us. Panthers will frustrate the avalanche by Bob Kravitz and a Rocky Mountain news. And he goes on about all the great individuals we have on this team and about race shepherd and Martin Strocken, Bobby Niedemar and Joe Varazki's passing and Dvorak and Spaila and Settlement so on. It says this team is full of guys who are winning with more than effort. That's right. There's some talent there, baby. It's not just, and here's another one. What's this from New York Times. Panther success. Leave it to Beezer. Oh. And if that wasn't the greatest game that's ever been played by, maybe not just by him by anybody. Yeah, he did let the one in. I mean, guys have had a lot of shot outs, including him. But that game he stopped in Yager on breakaways. Clear cut right in front. Dave rose. Two three shots he's wackin' at it. And the Beezer just was invincible man. And the only goal they did get on a power play. Ned Vitt made a perfect shot just inside the post. I think the Beezer was partially screened on it. No chance. But other than that man, he was like a wall. And if he keeps playing like that, guess what? We're going to be hoisting it in a cup too. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The old. Yes, I am. Herbert from thought out here. Yes, sir. Your team really look great. Yes, he did. How many years ago were you in Philly? I never was. I've put you were. Doing what? I've put you were on radio there. I don't think so. Not that I remember, of course, it could have been another life. I have a good luck to them. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Okay. See you on a wonderful world of Dolly Banks. Whatever that is. We have an open line in the green line. 1-800-944-946-318-944-Wild. Here's sunrise. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. The unbelievable mighty bantzzers. Seriously on the map. And the sales of pants up paraphernalia are up. Including Gary Glitter. Ah. Hey, it's teams with all the legacy Neil. You know, the likes of Detroit Chicago and Toronto. Who haven't won the Stanley Cup in 60 years. And some combined. Yes. They'll be watching the Cinderella Panthers on TV. Or Denver. Hmm. And the other one. And the other one. And the other one. Oh, Denver. Hmm. Well, somebody that sounds just like Jeff Moss and looks like I'm sending over a fax here, gazing into a crystal puck. This was in a hockey news before the season started. And it's got 2-4-6-7-9. 11. About 13 or 14 different so-called experts pick in their finishes in the two conferences. Nobody picked the Panthers higher than ninth in the Eastern Conference. And nobody of course picked us to be in the finals. Okay. New Jersey, New Jersey. By the way, I think they missed a playoffs, didn't they? Philadelphia, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, Philadelphia, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, Detroit, Colorado, Pittsburgh, and Detroit. Or Philadelphia, New Detroit. So in other words, there's only one out of 14 guys that picked either one of the teams that's in the finals. Colorado that was Jim Kelly in the Buffalo News. Hmm. Which I'm sure is the writer and out the quarterback. Neil, I called you earlier this year before the playoffs started. I boldly said the Panthers are the most improved team in all four sports. Yeah. And you questioned that by calling me an obvious expert. Well, the winner was this. Oh, it was before the playoffs started. Okay. And, you know, I got it on tape too for it. Yeah. Nevermind. But anyway, you call me an obvious expert. Do I get credit for that now? Yes, you do. Thank you, sir. Do I get credit for getting struck and woolly back in line up? Of course. You do. Okay. We're even. I get you out of the claim next time. I have a conference call. Yes. Neil, I heard Billy Smith has been working with the B's. What do you know about that? Well, what do me's been working with me is the Goli coach. What do you want to do? There he is. There he going. Obvious expert again. These are Goli coach. Palad has been. Oh, yeah. For how long? For a sense. The inception of the team. No kidding. No crap. Well, they remind me of the New York Island. It's in late 70. There you go. Bill, Chris, Woga, the dugout the old bow ties again from those days. Just for good luck. We've got a lot of solid young waivers who played defense. Yeah. Along with great gold tendon and a clink coach that made them the complete team. Probably Denise pot fans advice that's putting us over the top. All right. Sir. You have a great day. And back to you. Bye bye. Left him almost speechless with that. Open line in date 7519463751WIOD. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Neil Panthers. Yes sir. Playing God. That's us. All right. This is your buddy of the sign man. You have a big gift. You're own personal license plates. You can't get anywhere. I like to drop it off to you tomorrow. Okay. You said that we could. I've called the the co-tech from the Harrell. Mm hmm. Five times. Every time I've called, completely filled up his, All right. Nice. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. who's go Cinderella lost his slipper and the ride is over and it was nice while it lasted and they've let it the thing that really pisses me off is he's like kind of saying well they choked you know like the marlins have done this and they have dolphins have done this and he'd against the bulls like they choked and you know well what kind of crap is that you know he's too ever expected us to get past the first round of the playoffs they had to have their head examined. You remember when you were kid waiting for a Christmas right that's how I've been on Saturday all day waiting for Saturday night to watch a game it's like so nervous I can't wait to see it. Yeah. Anyways, can I put in a smart plug? By the way my cuff got I said it I said it to Doug McLean I want to say it again. Here's a guy that a lot of us including me thought was pretty washed up and I mean he's 33 years old he's been a journeyman player he had a tough season he was like slow and and all of a sudden man his guy's like flying and here he gets on that three on one and I think I was fatally there on the other end of that the passing play beautiful and back to a half and he sticks it right in there that was just incredible it was like a while far in a series anyway go ahead beautiful game. Anyways I like to put in a plug to I would you know for a smile fee make anybody any type of custom license plate they tell me what they want and I could design a form. Okay and I give you my number sure absolutely. There are seven seven nine five five nine two six that is the sign man of South Florida 407 seven nine five five nine two six and I'll put on anything they want logos rats any type of lettering their name whatever I've made you want for your vet and I hope you use it Okay and I'll drop it off tomorrow. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thank you. Open line in Palm Beach 20 10 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 8 9 4 4 4 Wio D worth 11 33. Attention Panther fans and it might be just a couple of mouth there today wouldn't surprise me for the first time in the history of the Florida franchise your Panthers are Eastern conference champs and headed to the Stanley Cup finals in celebration of this historic occasion in viral meant has been licensed by the National hockey league to meant commemorative medallions what better way to preserve history forever and extremely limited edition of 3000 will be produced in one ounce of point nine nine pure silver for 29 95 and only 750 will be produced for the 24 karat gold overlay for 49 95 for the serious collector order only one of only 250 three piece proof sets for 125 bucks. Let me say it again one of only 250 three piece proof sets for 125 bucks each proof quality medallion is individually numbered and comes with a certificate of authenticity to the design consists of the official Panthers logo with the title 1996 Eastern conference champions and the official Stanley Cup logo there will never be a second minute so this is your chance you're one and only call 1 800 288 mint to order your Panthers Stanley Cup medallions that's 1 800 288 m i n t all major credit cards accepted lines open 24 hours call an order before they're sold out to it right now you're going to be out of a call 1 800 288 mint so for this you've got to say that she was going to water wash clothes but she does routinely and that's why she's got to cut your pan into water from south Florida's premier news team we can expect a strong fund as well with any strong fund all right I'm going to get the phone calls are even for me news talking entertainment radio 610 W i O d what's the succession with hokey we've had you Panthers oh yes we do the way you skate and score and follow through oh bring on yager and love you oh Panthers we love you oh we love you screwed land oh yes we do yeah even when you took that double two first-ficing brinjal more clean through a screwy we love you oh we love you Malambi you're where it's at you made the season you're of the right why my very favorite cat Scott Malambi where it's at you we love you need her mire you've really bloomed like a flower in a sunny room oh you're gonna skug and were you soon? Rob leader myor we love you hey great like we love you beaver oh yes we do with your mighty pads and gruffin too we'll give the credit where it's due then beaver we love you oh you love you Landy oh yes we do the way you beat Raybork and ran for two that's the handy girl was cool you Landy we love you love you dogma claim oh yes we do you'll be coach I'll be here because it's true you brought us all this way who knew we love you over at B. Screen says we'll have red attacks shirts available first thing tomorrow morning as well as eastern conference champion shirts today.