I've been doing this a long time. I know how to do it talks. I've been doing this a long time. I know how to do it talks. So much. No. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. No. Police, ma'am stop. Work, get straight line and blow a balloon up. No. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. Police, ma'am stop. Work, get straight line and blow a balloon up. You only have to do this. They want to wish me a soul but this must. That's why they got to pull me over this must. They say you're just making sure that there's no other must. In my car. They want to wish me a soul but this must. No. That's why I have to pull me over this must. No. They say you're just making sure that there's no open glass in my car. No. Police, road their black. Police, road their black. Police, road their black. I just know that you're not saying this is not my breath. No. Police, road their black. Police, road their black. Police, road their black. I just know that you're just making sure that there's no other must. They want to wish me a soul but this must. That's why I always pull me over this must. They don't let me out on day of this case. They're just making sure that there's no other must. Police, road their black. Police, road their black. They police love me up. Cause when I feel. And you at the point. One. Oh. Miami has to stop from the greatest football team. We take the ball from goal to goal. Like no one's ever seen. We're in the air we're on the ground. We're always in control. And when you say Miami. You're talking super-pull because with her My name is Doppel Oh! I am Doppel My name is your host number one Yes, we're the my name is Doppel I am Doppel My name is Doppel Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel My name is Doppel The greatest football team We take the ball from home Like no one's ever seen We're in the air where arms are ground We're always in control And when you say my name you're talking super-pull Because with her My name is Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel Because with her My name is Doppel My name is Doppel My name is Doppel I am Doppel I am Doppel My name is Doppel My name is Doppel My name is Doppel My name is Doppel Good morning, let's have a cut that's part of the air today For quite a lot, everyone is long Busy stuff, feel like that's your chance Guys, for my life, man, we're in control What a stealer With a banjo on his ass Yes, please, Doppel My name is Doppel Thank you Okay, so he's gonna sell out our hockey team So he's a lot He's got a bad complexion He's got a really freaky bad ball to head But doesn't everybody in town want to say thank you to Wayne for doing the right thing with the dolphins today No, why not? Why not? Why not? Don't you want to get on your hands and knees for Wayne? No, why not? God damn it? No, all right So anyway, here we are, it's 1009 at Wild, happy Thursday too I'm ecstatic, I'm getting my dolphin season tickets again I'm gonna be the most enthusiastic fan This isn't the case that jumping on and off the bad wagon This is a case that doing something based on principle We don't need a bunch of sour pushes out there Let's get somebody with a good sense of humor like Jimmy Well, he may not have a good sense of humor when it comes to the game itself But I think that he's like a little more in touch with reality Would like what's going on around him And all you people out there that were so weak calcester in all that time I don't understand it, I don't get it They took that pool like about four weeks before the end of the season Almost everybody, they wanted Jimmy in, they wanted Schula out Wayne finally did something great And I think it's national thank you day Everybody in his town should call up and say thank you Wayne No, why not? Come on, show that spirit It's the 11th of God damn January Let's make a new year's resolution We're gonna support these dolphins now Winner lose, thicker thin As long as we got a coach who's alive sounds good to me Even if he does keep Gary Stevens Which I can't imagine why he's gonna do that But that's what the rumor is, who cares? At least he might kick him in a pants a little bit And wake his ass up and say, I guess what? That the yard in half and a cloud of dust and throw in 60 bombs Again, that ain't gonna get the job done So are we ready to do a really celebrate? No, damn it I'm celebrating Melissa Roger in here again You do it every week Melissa you're a beautiful, you're a predictable and a beautiful thing You piece of turd you First of all she's got a big thing about his built-anner Come and back to town You think built-anners come and back? No, I don't either Not a few smart Because I think all those kids grew up anyway But anyway, and that goes on about Why 100 of course on air Which is another, that's just another David Ross thing And then we hear about J&O Which nobody here cares about in John Picano The ops manager at WOLO in Fort Wayne Home of the Fort Wayne comets hockey broadcast for many many years And maybe it still is I don't know And then we get a thing about $194 then If this is the best part if you haven't caught them yet The WIOD AM-610 Musketeers, Neil Rogers, Phil Henry and Rick and Seds Will be at the Aventura Borders books and music Saturday from noon to 2 p.m. selling their best of CDs And cassettes which benefits center one She actually got all the info right to right time to right place Nice call and Melissa sweetheart And I know you're listening right now In fact it's obvious from this column you're listening to WIOD every day Even while I poured up from big is whispering in your ass in your ear Speaking of Rogers he says, anyone catch Larry King on Henry show on Monday Calling WIOD the worst talk radio station in the nation And Rogers the worst talk show host ever Anybody catch that? No! As if that's the big story Another little shot in air right Melissa I'm proud like I said yesterday that's the proudest moment in my life To be vilified by a petulant Larry King Who just can't take the fact that there's anybody in this country Got the balls to a finger him the way that I have And he liked it No! Yes he did So thank you Melissa for if nothing else at least being consistent Our center one total look at that 130,000, 341 Rover that 130 hump and we got like 20 days to go And we need a little under 20 grand to get to our 150 gold Which I think we're going to do Because guess what as Melissa says this Saturday will be at Borders And have a tour of noon to two 190 ninth in Biscayne and north of the date up there And that should be great We should have like a line of people up there Kissing our rings For saying thank you for like bringing about public pressure And being responsible for one of the greatest moments in the history of this community No! Yes! So it's 1013 at WIODs HECK! His brain stem in a box Make him swear like Brian con Yes! Bye bye! Thanks honey Pack his weapon in his grip Get him off this thinking ship Bye bye! So boom! He was great But that was in 1892 Yes! That's a three village one soon But he's not a Jew Oh! It's been great See you round Get that hell out of Miami town Yes Any way you know we take a puff on my way out. Oh come on. Let's have a party here today. No, yes 10 16 a Wild No, we have all the deadlines what opener we're telling you understand our two people are static This is today been waiting for it's gonna be official today for a clock this afternoon The guy would all that big freaky here is gonna be here Jimmy Johnson who drives a beautiful Corvette Even if it is filthy, he needs to be washed desperately which everybody can see that 751 Wild come on. Let's let's have a little enthusiasm here. No. Yes. No God damn it. What's wrong with you people you sour pie in his town, huh? This was so important everybody I was asking that whole day that one day I kept asking why is this so important? It's a football coach and evidently people got upset about that because it is important. That's all we got here Look at those deadlines. Let's have a party. No. Come on wake up get with it. No You mothers Come on just one time. Okay. No Here's Lakeworth on the purple line. Hello. Hey good morning Neil. Yes, sir I'd like to thank you first of all for all the good times since I've played and well you're welcome Welcome to the worst talk show in America Hey, you got that He only the only time I miss this show is when I have to leave off Florida because I am a truck driver But other than that I'm okay. Yeah, yeah He says Jimmy thing Yeah, static about it. I'm a dolphin fan and It was not a surprise to me. I thought that that was the right thing. I say that we by that all the tickets in that stadium all the Season tickets should be sold out as soon as the announcements official before this afternoon Everybody should buy season tickets and sell out JRS just like the Patriots did last year even before they start Okay, and winner lose through thick and thin It's gonna take a couple years. You can't have performed a miracle overnight We go out there and show a little enthusiasm for a guy at least that's alive I'll tell you one thing We have a little bit of balance and what he had left after the laundry Y'all's go get dragon on and dragon on why we didn't have no one on 15 season here We're three and 13 or whatever and how it was It was three and 13 and then two is one and 15 Regardless of that I think that he can do something a lot quicker than one year and even though I like it happens in two years We'll have fun in those two years and I know he's gone back at in because no we're gonna be playing a great football this year No in this coming year and Hey, I'm looking forward to going see you at the games because I definitely want to be See you in the chicken holder all right and Hey, I think it's gonna be happening back in Miami and the dolphins are gonna be right on the top. No, all right? I'm with you pal. I'll see you there right on the 50-yard line Well, be well, it's not in the 50-yard on the fourth section that way Well, you come in the wave just for some crap down Just throw some cups down with a little bit of schmutz in them. We'll be up there. Okay pal. Have a great night You go about it Purple line is open. That's now the everybody a mobile line for all you mobile one and 18 T wireless customers And those of you who don't like any more BS on your cellular phone at pound IOD We got the whole deal going up for everybody. You're not closed out anymore We pay for what how do you like that? That thing should be smoking these days just like our listeners It's because I'm at here's a lady and oh, we gotta do the mobile on their dime. How come you call on your dime? Hello, how are you doing Neil? Yes, sir? Listen, this is the best news I heard in the long long time. No, and for the first time I agree It's something with you. Yeah always listen to you, but I never call now like you're just a show If you wait long enough sooner or later will agree on something How do you like that if you just give me a chance give me 20 years and will agree on one thing anyway That's probably on my favorite courage and and the way you talk to people. That's right Tell me like it a like it might be oh I think it's wonderful all right. I'm glad you're happy pal You got to be there at some of the games. You're gonna give us your tangible support listen I'm a die-hard dolphin all right and these guys will be excited We all a lot of respect to silver but it's time for a big change time time to change those undies right That's right. We need a big winner. I think we're in the right track now all right See you there, Pally thank you, Mark. Adios. I read it there. Whatever you are We have an open line in date 75 one. We got one on the green line. I want to see trot I mean I real outpouring even before the official announcement And I'm proud of the fact that I was well I had enough foresight to tell you four or five years ago that we were on a steep decline at this BS A continuing to to lead people by the nose out there and tell you all something's gonna happen by the way The panther defense sucks. I just want you know that Three-nothing lead last night then four two in the third period I'm gonna tell you another thing that Joven Aski man You got to clear it out of your zone. You can't play like that Eddie. Okay, you're a little on a week side these days You're gonna be good some day, but not right now and then the geezer plays great He does this all the time play great the whole game and lead in one greasy goal that tied to game We wind up with one point instead we should have had two but hey, we'll be okay We're still doing pretty damn good our panthers. They're you know, and then there's the article here Which almost makes me believe which I'd swishful thinking on my part. I keep reading these things about The arena and about the they're gonna have Good browards gonna get their act together and before it's like the end of the year and the proposed arena I may do this and may do that and they're gonna make a decision on By the 30th or 31st at a month and then before the deadline at Wayne is in post So maybe we can actually almost like Wayne a little bit of something good happens. Oh well, maybe you're right Maybe I'm getting carried away. I'm just in one of those positive moods for one time because for crying out loud What else have we gone here except a lot of drugs in South Beach? Yeah, that's like I said yesterday they had a big thing on channel seven news Which I go desperate I'm even watching I will confess channel seven news now a lot I mean bearers to be watching it, but not too embarrassed to admit it because I will not watch channel four since they fired my friend Barber the best I would never watch channel six with that silly suspended Tony Segretto And I might watch channel 10 news if they didn't have that Jimmy syphilis on air and syphilitis But so anyway, they had a big thing about all the bars especially the ghee bars being rated on South Beach because they're looking for drugs I mean don't they understand that's all there is over there is like drugs in South Beach and a lot of pretty bodies all stuck up and Mostly fags anyway, but what what's so what's the big shock over there? Oh, there's drugs on South Beach what a concept we just discovered it Anyway, so we got nothing else good going on. We got Jimmy Johnson signing two day Everything's gonna be phenomenal. We don't care if the market goes down another hundred points We're not worried about small potatoes like that. We don't care if Hillary has her finger in a cookie jar We don't care what's going on. We care about the fact that something good finally Might be going on here that we all want even if we don't give a crap about the dolphins or football or anything else Something we're like making a movement into the 20th century. No 1023 a W-I-O-D News talk at entertainment radio 16 W-I-O-D The worst talk radio ever heard in my life with NW-O-D No, the worst talk radio ever heard in my life with NW-O-D No, this station stands for nothing Huh But No Every thing seems so discreet, but she's lying through his teeth. No. People get you, catchin' them jeets, and just ain't not here tonight. Soon, soon, away. Celebrate, it's calling. No. Okay, a 10-28-a-w-a-d. I love that. W-w-a-d. George is taking a dump or something. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. New Roger? Yes, I am. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I told you to run away. What kind of a phone are you wanting? You got like a cozy over that thing or what? The portable inside. The worst. Listen, uh, call the highlights of the Toronto Game Athlete. When did I see the highlights? I have the game. I saw the game. I saw the game. Least five kings for. Oh, right. Eight games over 500 were kicking ass, baby. Hey, that was a physical game. Matt Sundin is God. Man, I missed it. I missed it. It's too bad. He was great. I just can't do this there. The Toronto Maple Leafs are the most physical team in the league. No. Yeah. No. Okay. That's all. Tell him, yes, again. Okay, yes. No. Yes. Okay, pal. Go Leafs go. See ya. Ty Dome and Ken Bomb Garden. That's the kind of guys he likes in Jamie McCown. He likes as in Sergio Momeso. He likes those goons out there. He's the one who's watching the interview. See you here. Thanks for watching. You're gonna see it. Okay. Well, I think that's one of the forces. That's right. The Least are making a big move, baby. You can almost smell it. We have an open line in. I don't want to see no open lines here today. I'll tell you that we're having a big party. We're celebrating. I'm gonna be positive. You know, people are the ones. You know, I've been pushing around since yesterday. Since it became very obvious, even to Jimmie's mother. That he's gonna be here. It's official. He's gonna shave off his head and have a bald spot. This is what everybody wanted. They've been talking about it. You could puke from all the speculation that was going on There was even speculation going on in date county and now it's like. Oh, yeah, who cares? Butch a sour pushes is what we got here. We finally got something good to grab on to something to be positive about And what do they got to say about it? Basically nothing? Look at that even at purple line, which is now for everybody that even used to have a cellular phone even if you don't still have it Pound IoT that thing is open one in date 751 WioD. We should have these phones should be smoking off the hook with Jimmy eyedest today saying thank you so much Wayne for finally doing something that we wanted. No Here's for a lot of nail. Hello You how you doing okay sir. Listen. I cannot thank Wayne without thanking you at the same time. That's right in separable things But wait and I are inseparable. No, I wouldn't go that far. Yeah, but neither. Also listen. I don't like that complexion Listen, you know how you've been talking about so you know Wayne in the dolphins for few years Why are they giving Joe Rose? You know I mean why they talking like he's the one who was negative about about the guy? You know at least you know I mean you said it right. Why is who talking? Well, you know on that station. I listen a little bit. I have to admit You know, but they keep pumping up Joe like you know you only want negative and you are yeah right right right What do I make of that? What do I make of that? That they're full of crap like they always are is what I make of it Yeah, anybody with two ears knows better than that Yeah, no, they don't believe it. They don't believe they don't believe anything that they say They also don't believe that they're gonna have any great numbers that they've any listeners They don't believe any of that they know that they're desperate over there Which is why they keep trying to rip us off they even have now attitude liners if you listen to their station Which I do every now and then they have attitude liners like we do which I'm embarrassed about hours You know like well, you know, we're the asshole station whatever that is whatever they say What about what about their segue going from you know that the shoelace sucking to now the Jimmy sucking in less than a week Yeah, I mean, you know that's called no credibility which they never had in the first place And I will give credit where credit is due because he is listening and that is that fat the hummer the fat Hummer over there Didn't break the story before anybody and now his good buddy suspended Tony on there They even got promos on channel six Tony segredo broke the story first. He did not the homer broke the story All right, so how do you like that? I like goes to show it that everybody in this town is full of crap. Oh, except me and me right I knew thank okay pal Yeah, let's stand up for what's right just for once in our lives. Let's stand up and be count. Oh We have an open line and Broward five two four Wiodeen We got one in the green line there where the drunk lady finally passed out on the floor with her bottle of Vagramau boon and 1-800-944-4-9463 1-800-944-4Wiodee This is a great day market on a calendar. It's beautiful out there the sun is shining like 70 something degrees It's gonna be fantastic. We got reason to have a smile on our post Something just good happen. That's all. It doesn't make any difference. What it has to do with it's just something good When's the last time you can remember something good happening here huh? When's the last time? Maybe March 1st, 1976 when I came to town Since then not too much. Well, we got the Panthers. We got the Marlins. We got the heat That was pretty good if you're a sports fan, but this transcends that This transcends it by miles Here's doesn't it here's Pompado B. Hello. Yeah, sir. It's party buddy. It's right today. All right Did you see what kind of car you was driving yet? Corvette the nice dirty Corvette now We can afford to get that thing washed now. They doesn't have to depend on how money from Fox anymore I was got a real income coming in he can get Spencer to watch it. There you go. Good idea. I like that Hey, you're absolutely right because I'm a season taking holders That you will last year with my first year and if she was coming back this year I wasn't renewing I know a lot of people like that who were just at the ropes and they have no more and wanted no more of it No, I will be now. They'll definitely know great. I mean, it's worth the money to know that you know You got a guy that can put a team together and At least there's an effort being made to bring in a guy who said great success who like is in the 20th century Is not gonna put up with Brian Cox's annex isn't gonna put up with any bull crap is in control Is in charge and is like you know what I'm saying? There's a motivator Instead of a guy who's trying to lift off his past successes from 20 years ago Stand it around with his armist folded like wondering what's going on yeah Exactly, he might actually be a J. Do actually be involved in the game right there you go Wouldn't that be something exciting? I mean now we need his because it looks like you know He might be keeping Gary Steven's hopefully he can Take him in the ass a little bit in good and stop running that shovel path Maybe get to run some more running plays there. Yeah, we might be in good shape and I want to say it again You know Emmett Smith has got like one more year in the free agent. I know he'll be a free agent I would be it all surprised wouldn't that be I would get on my hands and he's in kiss the ground If the dolphins had a running back who could like actually run more than like a yard and a half at a time against the good team So we really need the running back in a good Decent the past rush you know and I mean, you know will be right up there yeah an offensive line a defensive line with a past rush A middle line backer wasn't you know a spitting at the crowd and maybe a second there That isn't as poor as is a sieve which is a lot of work needs to be done and another thing I wanted to say Kind of a request here I know we've been talking about what's the name Larry King all week when I really talk about Larry who no See a Jeff Anybody request that I've got a ball spot instead of under the board walk that song What is that called by the way? You're all spot it's called ball spot I don't think I heard it all week what a strange name that is okay. You got it all thanks a lot buddy and have a great life You too we have an open line at Broward. We're starting to get these best dudes away here today I'm not just gonna sit back here. I'm too on the sports show. He was talking about the heat. They're talking about Cocka they're talking about what's wrong with you people huh? What's wrong with you? She was the best piece of ass I ever had in my life to be perfectly frank and A man in my position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. What's wrong with you? Are you losing your senses or what? We got an open line there in a green line in Palm Beach and if there's somebody who's not drunk Be said at crazy bitch that call before you can use it right now We pay for it. How do you like that? Do you like it or not? 1-800-944-9463. It's 1036 At Wild Melissa Regiery by the way says this is the worst talk station she here at somebody say that The opinions expressed by the host caster colors on Wild or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors Although UID programs are coffee right 1996 by Wild Incorporated No, say recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of Wild Incorporated. I don't have a boss but I When the sun beats down it burns the top of my head And when my employees laugh at me I wish I were dead I got a boss Fine Should I paint it? Plant it or cover it. It's all up to me He's got a boss fight just like a billion ball I feel three inches tall He's got a boss fight Please help me run bobi I know how Larry King feels he's got a boss fight boss Oh, when I painted my head my wife. She said she's out of here And when I go to the John the guys are using my head for a mirror Yeah, but I've got a boss I Should I paint it plant it or cover it? It's all up to me He's got a boss fight just like a billion ball I 1042 a WI did you think he really knows how Larry King feels? No, so we got two open lines in date where they dropped off to show the tremendous Would date is where the problem is that's where the enthusiasm is lacking because all the holios They don't know from Emey Johnson. That's the problem. I got news for a Johnson place for the Leafs, okay So anyway, we got some good stuff here from our friends at the homage country the natural cheese people Or is that the natural cheese is people and I got some of their hovardy with Dill and some of their Swiss with almost no carbohydrates by the way Also some sliced boreheads bore's head Balloni bring ballooning mmm kind of Zegger just a little snack mom don't get panicky Okay, just a nice little snack with almost zero carbs here this morning and I'm back on the atkins and I'm feeling great And I'm just full of it today. I am loaded with it Now that cheese just like melts in your mouth those cheeses Here's the a lady and lake worth that George is so fond of hello Hello What happened to lady and like worth? Hello I just talked to her. What do you mean you just talked to her? Hello like seconds ago. Yeah, well, she's drunk okay leave that bitch alone Okay put her on her do something with her stick around hold Let's go to a deer field. Hello. She's probably having a party over Jimmy. Hello deer field Oh, it would help if I press the button hello. Well, I got so excited about the drunk lady that I got my finger on it Oh, it looks excited. Yeah, Neil. This is a great damn glad he's finally announcing it Yeah, it's the best thing ever happened to off football team in 20 some years. Yes, as far as Lara King is concerned He's blown for 20 so much. No, no, I was unfortunately stuck listening to him early morning About five years ago when we used to we I would use the carry him we us And he was even a mid fortune then I was I would work very early in the morning and I had no Nothing else I could reach other than I would be and last thing I heard his radio show is vanished You can't find that anywhere can you no right? Yeah, it would be a different no it is a plus his radio show is off because he went on a afternoon because mutual Couldn't make any money on an all-night show which figures and so they they put about an afternoon drive And they would thought that all the stations in America would drop their afternoon drive shows Including us to put that bald head of geek on a year and they all said the same thing. No, yeah I had a chance to watch a big Wilson. Yeah, he was lame He might have been nice, but he was a good guy, but he was not one of the greatest entertainers That's right you knew I might even have a chance to meet him, but he was he might have been It's nice as a day as long but he was lame He played piano and he did think a lot on that piano He tickled all over everybody was a good guy like big he was a friend of mine and I liked him, but he shows sucked You know, let's be honest. That's for sure right. That's for sure. Neil. Thank you And that's Larry's idea of talk radio is going back to that stuff from a before Jesus was a baby That's why I like Schuillus so much. He likes all the old guys from a before you know Methuselah the big smooch Big ass kisser. He's put me to sleep three o'clock in the morning. Oh no, I was trying to deliver blade now End up having car accidents because that's why we had him on the ear It was better than taking all those pills. He's always peddling and then hell sure Okay, pal. Hey, have a great day pal. He's starting to say that now too. Palmy oh God. Do I hate that? Jeff Lyses that all the time and it's always so insincere to hey palmy. I'll get out of here You silly goose Open line in date 751 one in Brower that the center one total is 130,000 341 don't forget get into your borders Books music and cafes. There's he's still got 20 days three weeks to go before our campaign ends the end of January And we'll be at the borders and have a tour of this Saturday noon to two fill and Rick and suds and me And we want to make that 150 grand so bad. We can almost taste it. We could smell it Here's the fact that says Rick and suds Neil Rogers and Phil Henry spelled right on behalf of National. Thank you Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for not mentioning a damn thing about effing OJ's video It seems that every damn channel had some crap to say about it last night. Shame on them We love you all environmental recycling ink. We love you guys, too. Oh, yes, we do OJ's video. Oh Jake and wife is asked with it. Okay, and anybody that goes out there and buys that video will be shot on site Okay 29 bucks to hear the man lies some more. Have a dear to him lie enough yet haven't heard enough lies about OJ? Yeah, there's the guy that had Bobby Shapiro on and every one of those goddamn grave robbing lawyers on his show and just love sucking their ass Oh, yes Let's do a mobile and fortlaw to Dale. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Are you doing great welcome to our party sir? Well, thank you. Would you like to talk hockey for just a minute or whatever you like? You know what I've got a point last night. It'll leave Scott a couple will take whatever we can get He's he's the only defenseman we got he is he's phenomenal You know a good Murphy when I was watching that game when they were down to men when they were short two men right It seemed to me that watching them try to fight off those two penalties is almost as exciting as scoring a goal right. Oh, yeah That was phenomenal. Yeah. Oh, yeah Oh, I'll tell you the rest of that defense. Fala and Carcler and Joven Aski those guys got a butcher up big time Well, you know something I don't know if you've ever been out to Denver, but you choose your breath real fast out there And I think they were just gasing towards the end there Denver got back like in one 30 in a morning from Boston because they had to make up that game that was snowed out So they had like almost no sleep and You know if anybody should have won out of gas it was them But we got this new deal now where we had the same thing in that cap scheme here You got a four two lead in the third period you can't protect it. We had a three nothing lead in that game How can you blow a three nothing lead when you're supposed to be a really solid defensive thing which we're not? Yeah, and how about that horrendous greasy gold a bees are lit in that wrap around or the guy starts the other way And then the bees are takes one big move in a wrong direction and by the time it gets back But I think it's in that that was pretty weak John pretty weak mr. All star is not a past Yeah, he always puts in one greasy gold man in this case of cost is the other point You folks are very much involved with center one over there right yes we are I thought it I bring something up in May they're having a road race Are you familiar with that? No, I'm not it's the 270 mile bike ride from Orlando to Miami and it's another way for fundraising to take place The fact there's a meeting tonight at center one well semi-alias stuff. Okay. I'll factor to you. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot Right, Bob. Yeah, open line of Broward 5241 on the green line 1800 Oh, it's speaking a center one Yes, today people were asking to fill to play the Larry King tape again and the various other stuff I'm driving home listening this and one guy one guy from Venice, Wala another homophobic Julio he calls in is requesting some damn thing that he plays and he says well, what the charity is this? So what it and fills his center one is a well-wanted a do-is is they help people with AIDS Oh, it's that a $60 now making $40 like these guys first of all Where they wouldn't send 60 cents in the first place, but then when he found out what it was for days Gonna reduce his contribution because he heard it was for people with AIDS Speak yeah homophobic Julio's man I got news for you if I had a dollar for every flag and buy a Julio that we got in this town I could retire right now. I'll guarantee you that that that's the damn truth All these closet people in this guy was from Venice, Wala All those guys in Venice, Wala do it. I'll tell you that right now and in Brazil man Even the women are man in Brazil. I've told you that many many times. That's why I want to go there You don't even know what you're dealing with 1049 a WIO T the People in South Florida were pushing new buttons this week the ones controlling their heater Mother Nature caused it the weather channel predicted it and you got the news on the big chill from news Talking entertainment radio 16 WIOD the dolphins are gonna kick their ass There comes a time in the young woman's life when she has to ask questions Mom, I have to ask you a personal question. Do you do sure I do He was vinegar in water live vinegar in water because silly. I'm Italian Hidden Valley do's in Italian French ranch or new chunky blue cheese 1052 a WIO day we got an open line of date one a Broward one on the green line three like I said They should all be smoking off the hook you just like enthusiastic you're a bunch of deadheads man You should be parting right now you should be rolling out the weed you should be getting out the god damn Buds in the Bud lights you should be getting out the moulson you should be having a party in your pantalones right now You should be grabbing whoever the hell is right next to you and just do it all kinds of wicked stuff like that guy from Venice Wevels probably doing that homophobic Julio So anyway moving right now. See can't you know you try why do I do this you try to make gold out a chopter Liver out of a chicken crap. You can't do it When or something they beg and they plead you finally give them what they want you say okay We're sick and tired of this we can't handle it anymore. We don't want to support it I mean and then maybe you start wondering if that might not have just been an excuse all along okay? Oh, here she is oh What happened to you Nice for yeah Is this the same my bitch that was on American suds earlier pardon me were you on with Rick and suds this more I was waiting for you Oh, yeah, where were you? I was right here. I was speaking to you, but you were in coherent No, I was not in coherent stuff. I'm just like Trying to wake up after on the garbage after a long hour now Okay, listen the Dalvin number one take the nude Coach take the nude coach the new Take the nude coach better if he was in the nude Yeah, what do you think I think it's great? Yeah Those bits and the tensions yeah So get some attention because they're not gonna get any attention Yeah, so be fair point ball better so how long we have this drinking problem sweetheart? Darling I don't have a drinking problem. How long have you had like just like you don't just like you don't have a ball spot Right? Thank God no and I don't have a pot though. I don't have a burping problem either Are you part of you have a pot? I don't smoke pot. No, I'm pot billing. Is that what you're doing? You're on the weed? No, I don't smoke mine Pardon me. I said what's your story Why do you sound so incoherent and why do you keep on back? Why do you keep calling back over and over again? And are you the best we can do in Palm Beach is a drunk and thought like you? Oh God. Thank you for insulting me. You're welcome. I really appreciate it Yesterday is national thank you today so I want you to say thank you very much. Thank you very much. No. I love you No, what so anyway, what's the what do you thank you to me? What's the purpose of this incoherent call? I am like pissed off at ataras. Yeah, why they take your bottle away did I settle? Did you want? Ataras and Medicaid. No, okay. Now I'm I have got this far, right? Yeah, you got this far. All right, some pages and pages of paper. Yeah. No, you guys are entertainment in between. No. No office of the inquire. No. No. Yes. Yes, I did. Okay, sweetheart. George finds you very entertaining amusing. I don't we have two open lines on the green lines 1-800-G. She's just a stumbled bump dropping down bitch, okay? And we're paying tax money to support people like that. She's probably got 17 kids crawling around in the trailer Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. What's the latest from Marina? Is he going to retire? What's going on? Meaning what? Well, wasn't he supposed to have some kind of press conferences this morning? No, he didn't have any press conference. He was on why 100 making an announcement about the Maridane Marina, uh, charitable foundation for whatever that is and it had nothing to do with whether we'd there you go. There's another guy that blurt's out the S word. You can't say crap on the air pal. Maybe you can take one in this town. No, probably not. But you can't say it. We have an open line in date 751 W. Come on. Let's get with it for crying out loud. See, there's another negative. Oh, isn't Dan gonna retire? I just turned that there was a big announcement this morning at a radio. Right. Another guy that gets sucked in by David Ross and it was fakers and while 100 When are you people ever going to get a life because you're something on a radio right away you believe it, right? But the the um yeah, the rate in Spain falls mainly on Uranus. Right? No, Jesus. God Almighty. Two open lines on the green lines. They don't care about Jimmy Johnson up there in Palm Beach. They drive all the way down here to support the dolphins no matter who the coaches because they got nothing else anyway Except that purple palace and lot of stupid wrestling and a little a dinky minor league hockey team. That's all they got 1-800-944-Wild. Here's what what is that West Boca? What is that? Hey, Neil. Is there a West Boca? Yeah, it's West. And all right. Well, excuse me. And there's in between. Uh-huh. Hey, I call it you two. They and you called me an Irish pipe twister. Yeah, what does that supposed to mean? Just whatever it means like a Scottish bagpipe squeezer. I'm Italian. Yeah, so what difference is it? And I do choose vinegar. Probably not even circumcised. No, no. I mean, how do you like that? Were you born in this country? Miami and you're not circumcised? No, and you're a Titan. The Pope's pissed off about that. I'll tell you. Why not? I don't know. What are your parents barbarians or something? They had mercy on them. Mercy on your hands. Mutual. He's had charges for an old-loved. He's in here and I know where it came from. Forced and envy. Listen to the Boolean. Yeah, right. Speak. All right. All right. All right. What? All right. So what's the purpose of the call? I have to get into the work, man. But what did what do you call for? I wonder is that why you called me that though? A what? I was piped with twist this. We have an open line on a purple line, Pond IoT. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. If the pipe fits, where it? Four-later nails gone. Open line and Broward. Five, two, four. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hey, you, you, yes, sir? I'm ready, man. You're ready for what? The dolphin? Uh-huh. I think one of the things that John was going to do is he did. He's going to demand a crap-loader-respect from the players which the suit would then have. Right. He's going to show you what leadership is all about. Just like Doug McClellan did with our Panthers. He's going to show you what being an active, involved coach really means. Uh-huh. And he's not going to put up with the Gene Actions and Brian Cox and Louis Oliver's of the world for two seconds. They better get it in their head right now. If they plan on perpetuating that bull crap routine of theirs, they can do what someplace else. Exactly. Not that I want to speak for Jimmy, but I do. That first team meeting that he has. That was beautiful. Open line and Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, W-I-O-D, and two on a Green Line's Palm Beach. Try to get them and thoug's about anything except the goddamn cemetery village bingo is impossible. 1-800-9-4-4-9-463 Palm Beach is the problem. I've discovered that. And as of like about noon today, we're going to transfer those two Green Line's, those free Palm Beach lines over. She don't need those anyway. She don't get no calls from because she's on an Orlando. She doesn't get the calls on those lines. Who the hell needs those? Transfer them over to Purple lines and let's get these mobile people involved. The active living and breathing people may even get out of the house once in a great while, like maybe once a month. Is that a radio in your pocket? Oh, are you just glad to see? No, we're you, I-O-D, my enemy Fort Lutterdale. I'm using talking entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life is on W-O-D. Yes! Yes! Hi, I'm Tombo dead from O-Tell Sex. School is back in session and football seasons just around the corner and that means all you quarterback and cheerleaders will be looking to get laid. Now, it used to be you could have sex in the back seat of your father's car, but with the size of those sub-compacts they're making these days, there's hardly enough room to lose your chinos much less your cherry. That's where Motel Sex comes in. You can get a clean, comfortable room with a bed and a nice bucket to keep your mad dog 2020 nice and cold all for just $24 in most places. A little more if you want to condom, a little less if you don't plan on going all the way and we don't have to change the sheets. So this way you can screw around all you want and you won't have to worry about taking a gear shift up the bike. I'm Tombo dead from O-Tell Sex and we'll leave the light on for you. 1106 at WIOD, happy Thursday, 230,371 is that new total for center one and is creeping and is moving ever so slowly, inching up toward the 150,000 mark. All you homophobic holios go out there and buy like two or three extra CDs and cassettes because you're full of crap. And your boyfriend might need the money. Here's a mobile in Miami on a brought on a Palm Beach line. What is that? No, no, no, the cops, spoke of a tone cops. Yeah. 95, no overop, not these Nazis everywhere. Jesus Christ, he just passed right by me, 100 miles an hour. If Jesus were coming back on a motorcycle, they'd probably stop him for going too fast. I love these guys. Isn't that pathetic? I promote a an adult club in town. Yeah. And they won't let us advertise on a station. So I don't know if I can mention the name. I want station. And your station? Why not? Because the nature of our business. Not even the sex bitch show at night. Especially that one. Why not? But let us touch that. No wonder we can't have any spots on that show because it's a sexual, but we can't have any sexual place. I don't know. I'm not even an advocate. What about your brown nose? We got down to her in salesman. Although I think that's her call. She's the one it said. No, I don't want none of that. Yes, go ahead. What can I mention in the name? You can mention whatever you want. All right. To see his cavalry. Oh, you can't say that. I just did. What? To see his cavalry? I didn't say that. Oh. Well, what is it? What do you do? Well, it's a new lady. You know. New ladies. Yeah. You know everything you need is right there. So what's wrong with that? So beautiful thing. We want to invite Jimmy Johnson to come see Christy Canyon this week. She's in town. Christy's Canyon. Christy's the valley of the Canyon. Yeah. That amazing thing. Uh huh. 600 films. Yeah. She's a star. Yeah, bet. I'll bet kind of a worn out start at this point, but never less a big girl. No, you're a big girl. Those good. Okay. But you got to get them a win. Because Jimmy's single is an easy to single guy. That's right. Now I was married. We couldn't get him in there. Right. He's always morning. He's married the Marianne. Whatever she was. You want to go in there. But but we can get Jimmy in there. Jimmy will be glad to come by one. No, Larry says that Don's married to Dorothy is what Larry said. Is that what's going on now? That's what he said. No, you see, did. Well, I said, I got good luck to you. I can't go. Keep by doing whatever you're doing. Yeah, right. Okay. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-9-444. I go up to Tutsis and get whatever you want to get. Okay. Get some Tutsis. Get laid. Get something. Well, by the way, don't forget that you're going to hurry a day. I think next getting out today is going to shave. Here's Holly. Hello. Yeah. No. Yes, sir. I tried to get through yesterday, but your lines were jammed. Why is that? And reference to that guy that was talking about a Jewish porn star. Jerry Butler is Jewish. Yeah. I grew up with my partner. I don't want to know from him. He makes me sick to my stomach. Oh, I'm just very fine that the guy is telling the truth. But I don't know where he came up with the name Parker, which is last name is Cyterman. A grew up with the hell. Rick Cyterman is a porn star. Whole Cyterman is his ring. Oh my god, Rick Son. The owner sounds so depressed all the time and speaks with that list. I don't know, but I just called to verify that gentleman's story. He is Jewish. I want Cytri Butler in a movie to a very strange thing at Thanksgiving time with a turkey, but I don't want to win with whatever he did to. I just called to verify the gentleman who's telling the truth. He's Jewish. Well, I always thought he was pretty circumspect. Well, he was always a strange character. Okay. All right. Thanks for the good news. Okay. More Jewish hockey players too. We need besides Matt you Schneider and Mike Hartman and who is the other one? I don't know. Open line and date seven. You know, you, what's wrong with you people? Come on. We're having a party here today. As Mike Spendell once said on a station when he was on a year with nobody listening. Don't you people want to have a good time? Oh, those were the days my friend, those were the days when we had little pipsqueaks on here. You're a good guy, Mike, but you belong down here about as much as most of our weekend programming is not at all unbelievable. Don't you people want to have a good time? Yes, what, Mike, that you're not our idea of a good time. Are you? No. Here's not on here and not off the year. You're a good guy, but just keep inspecting those restaurants. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Hey, this is Bob from excitement. How are you? What is this? Like a setup job? Now we just had one up pervert on here. Now we got another one. No, come on. I'm not a pervert. Yeah, it's a setup. No, you know what? I just got these clippings from the newspapers as the high court upholds a ban on racie shows during the day. Yeah. Did you hear about that? It's the way it's not a racie shows. It's just that there's nothing new. It's the same thing that they came down with nine years ago. Well, who decides if it's racie or not? That's what I'd like to know. The only the Republicans figure that out. Okay? Unbelievable. Right. Where is the word? The word police figure that out. Maybe if you say penis on the earth. No, it's not racing. That's not racing. All depends if it circumcised do not. No. So, so what are we going to have inspections now? Yes. And you know what else? There's still trying to do away with adult entertainment down in Dave County. So, can I tell you something? Who guys think that you're going to use me? You're really crack me up. Okay. No, yes, you do. You think you're going to use me to fight city hall here? The people don't care. Don't you understand the people don't care. And the people who frequent those establishments are going to be the last ones to speak out because they don't want their name associated like in public that anybody would go into one of those places, even though everybody does. Okay? Well, we're working with the bottom line. We hope that we catch them on a good day and they'll realize they're right to be. They don't they don't they're they're just a bunch of cowards. Okay. That's right. Well, that's why they let a bunch of right wing Julios dictate what's going on here in Dave County and all over South Florida. And that's why it's so backward. And that's why if you have an notice lately, we don't got no tourists here. Yeah. And all and you don't want to know. None. You don't know miss it. Yeah. Well, so so what do you want me to do? I'm going to beat them over the head. Yeah. Sure. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. So you're trying to use me to get it. Get out of here. Go away. We're having a party here today for Jimmy Johnson and everybody's got their clothes on. And now we get two calls and row two set-up deals here. They're trying to muscle in on a show. Call the sex bitch. They were night. That's her job. Although of course, you wouldn't be caught dead in the place like that. The uptight sex bitch. Even Steve, he wonder was never so uptight. Two open lines on the green lines were the calls from there today. I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Kimler. That's how I wouldn't wish him on Lardas Limbaugh. 1-800-9-4-4-4-U-Foxer. We're having a party in Dayton, Brower, and you people are a bunch of party poopers. Okay. Talking about a lot of direct. Let's get with it here. Jimmy's going to sign this afternoon. It's official. We got a real football coach. We got some dolphin fans, including me, including Rick Riley, including probably a lot of you who aren't even calling it. Tell us about it. Come back into the fold. So we can go out there with little real enthusiasm instead of faking it. And even though sex guys did just call they know there's nothing worse than faking it. It's 11-13 at WIOD. This is your home on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. That is great radio. Butbybybybybybybybybyby do bybybybybybybybybybybybybybybyyn Budvisor. Beer so crappy it makes even LG covered frogs sick. 11 16 and Wioti. I'm waiting on those green lines. I'm still waiting for a little enthusiasm from Palm Beach. And they don't know about these things we got to give away here either. 1-800-944. They are the worst. You know I keep talking myself out of that because you know you're desperate. But not for them. You guys suck. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning Neil. For a matter of fact for now. I'm starting this season all sporting events in Dayton, Brad. We're going to be checking drivers licenses. If you have a Palm Beach address, we're going to make a turnaround and go back where you came from. Right? Anyway, yes sir. Miami Beach? Yes. Okay. First time calling here. Okay. Well, excuse me for like catching off guard there. But I haven't seen that. I like your ads. Those are always part. Bastards up there. Yeah. Well, fifth generation Miami. Yes. I'm not the Hulu off. I'm high-alia, but I did grow up there, man. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know I am a closet dolphin football fan. I don't show my emotion outwardly for the team, but I do. Why not? Probably you were pretty embarrassed up until now. Pretty much so. I do go to games every now and then. I'm not a season ticket holder. But one thing I do would like to comment on the state county crowd. You've got all these Huluels here that think it's more important to go to the three kings parade when the dolphins are in some type of conference playoff at the Orange Bowl. This was years ago. Yeah. And that was one of the games I went to. Stands were empty. Really? So this I can't remember what game that was. Oh my god. But all the Huluels they have. You expect a jump at the circuit with the three kings parade? What are your man crazy? That's what that was the big thing back then, man. They had to go to the three kings parade and he's gone had a chicken to slaughter to the god jungle afterwards. That was more important than going to the dolphins playoff. I just wanted to let you know I am a closet dolphin fan and what are you giving away? Yeah. Yeah. Any more of those. Thank you. Bees from the yesterday that I did. No we're giving away this. Good luck to you pal. God here. He's in the closet. You can be sure that. Open line and date 751. Yeah. Bring your own chicken. All you Huluels when you come to the dolphin games this year. Bring your own chicken. You know how we throw the rubber rats at the Panther games when a Panther score goal. When the dolphins score a touchdown is here, which we hope will be a lot. You're going to throw a rubber chicken. And if you come from Iolio, probably throw a live chicken. But slice the head first. You know what I'm saying? Here's the lady in dear field. Be it. Hello. Yes. I need a long time listener first caller. Great. How are you? I'm great. I have sensational. I had to call and say that I definitely think Jimmy Johnson is a greatest thing that could happen to the dolphins. All right. Finally we got some enthusiasm. Leave it to a woman to be enthusiastic. Call these guys on brain dead out there. They should be having a party. They're not real football fans. I don't know what their story is. They're about to sour pushes. Neil, I also want to ask you a favor. Can you play that song? Because I don't play that song. Well, the dolphin song? What song? The song about the dolphin? The real one? Yeah. Well, the one you played it once yesterday. The only reason I'm saying this is I really hope. I don't know what song you're talking about. The reason I hope that Jimmy Johnson can make a difference. If nothing else, I hope he cleans up Brian's mouth. Yeah. That song. What looks song you talking about? Is that it? Is that it? Yeah. Are you sure? I'm good at it. Are you positive? I'm not just smiling. It's tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man. It's disgraceful because Brian cocks and the rest of them must say. They toss in the microphone. The dolphin just can't seem to be left alone. And all of this is because they like saying. Oh, but they play football badly. How did the Patriots kick their ass? Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as there. They were dancing. Our hopes down the stairs. The man who'd up noxious foul and disgraceful. The dolphins are cursing and man. It's disgraceful because Brian cocks and the rest of them must say. Yeah. Yes, they're saying. They're saying. They're saying. They're saying. Did you uh? 1121 at WIOD. News talking entertainment radio. News talking entertainment radio. The National Dairy Board reminds you that July is National Ice Cream Month. A time when you scream, ice cream, we all scream for ice cream. Welcome to Basketball Robbins. What can I get here? The National Dairy Board reminds you that nothing suits a sore throat faster than smooth delicious ice cream. So go ahead. Scream for all the ice cream you want. Real loud. Yes. No. Yes. Yes. No. 1124 at WIOD. We got two open lines. It just grabbed out and broored because they just couldn't keep it up there long. Isn't that sad? This is a day of celebration. This is a day of parting in this town and they don't even know it. We got to get bulletin boards out there and it's sleepy as a hick town of ours. 524 WIOD and broored. We can't give enough in a way except words of happiness today. Right? No. Plantation on a purple line. Hello. Anyhow you're doing. Great. Another Jewish forno is wrong Jeremy. Yeah. He's born in Israel. Oh, we know that. Oh, I don't know. Anybody that here, that Harry would have to be the Jewish or Greek. Yeah, but the, the, the other thing. Yes, he is. And grow test. I'm going on my way to the arms to the uh, Joravi to get my ticket. Go Jimmy. In fact, there's uh, around the, uh, inner circles of the porno world. They always said that Harry Reams in the Ron Jeremy blows. True. Each other. There you go. Yeah. Have a nice life. Okay. There's a guy who's on his way to San Jose right now to get his season tickets for next year. That's the people I want to hear from come on. Let's come out wherever you are. Okay. Are you that stupid that you're going to sit back and weigh oh well. He kept this Gary Stevens and we did this. Yeah, come on. You just waiting for an excuse. You're not full and me. All this alleged enthusiasm. I took all of the abuse for last year and a half because I jumped off the bandwagon with great enthusiasm and for very, very legitimate reasons, by the way. And now all of a sudden, when you wait to see their tremendous enthusiasm where the hell is it? It doesn't exist. They're dead of an a god damn door nail. Open line in Broward 5249463. Here, the most enthusiastic person we had so far was that woman called a couple of calls ago. She's the only one that's all excited about Jimmy and I think she's waiting for a show up in a vent. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay. Good. I can't get into football yet because I think the brain system has made me brain dead as far as the dolphins go and okay. There we go. Nobody excited about this because we got all these months to wait now for a food. That's right. We got to wait to logist and okay. I got to wait till least after the pants are maybe with the cup, you know. Yeah, right. Let me ask you a question. Why are they sitting out for I can balance there? You have to ask Doug McClellan that. Do you see any reason for it? No, I don't. I don't either. Especially last night was I kept hearing people crying. I don't want to mention my friend, Rimmer and Denise there last night about how we have this tremendous shortage of forwards. And in the meantime, we're playing Paul Laws on forward. We've got to go last night by the way. So we can't run that. But we keep hearing about how they have to keep doing these short shifts because we're sure on the forwards. And in the meantime, these guys are sitting on a bench. And they're pulling up these guys from the miners to take their place. Why? If it's not hard. He's how come Harkin said on a bench almost the entire game last night when they did you and come up. I don't get it. They put them in in the last couple minutes. But I don't want to start second guessing Doug McClellan. I do. He's got a great job. And I'm not going to pull these hot bands and start second guessing the coach because I'm so much smarter than everybody else like Denise's. You know, Denise is so smart. He would be managing or doing something somewhere instead of sitting there talking about Worcester Mass. They sure talked enough about that. Oh, God. You know, I watched a great team the other day play the Rochester night hocks. The one that the world lacrosse league. Oh, great. Perfect. And it's like hockey on the out of here. You never watch it. No, I have not. You know about two seconds on ESPN when they got to fill up some time. That's where I watched it. Oh, get out of here. Oh, it was Rochester. Yeah. I was like hockey. You know, they score a lot. Yeah, whatever you say. And by the way, Corey hurt. I don't know anybody in Rochester who scored a lot. Corey Hershey's Jewish. Would you believe it? No. Yeah. Yes. Is he? Sounds like it. Yeah. Maybe he's kind of sunny Hershey. I'm going to make it crazy. Like Zelroy Hershey. Maybe he is kind of sunny. Am I D? All right. Okay. Palthas. I'm going to do his Corey Hershey. Another Jew. All right. We're going to have an all Jewish hockey team. How do you like that? Huh? That's what we're going to have. We have two open lines in date. You're enthusiasm is just contagious. That's why there isn't any. Look at this. Right back to the same old two upper lines in date and one in Broward. Jimmy Johnson will be announced that for there have it a press conference this afternoon. This is what all of you people wanted. All of you people that brow beat me for year and a half. Come on. You got to be a fan. You got to come back into the fold. And here we are ready to rock and roll the by-season tickets to get all them through isn't excited. And it's the same same dead non-respons that I'm used to for 20 God damn years. The first week that I came here on WKAT in March of 1976 in some old 400 year old fossil calls. Oh, you'll never last a month and a stop. Pal. Well, here we are almost 20 years later. And I'm still here and God only knows why. God only knows why I'm still in this God for second place because the enthusiasm level of anything. It's less than it was 20 years. Does anybody know why? No. I don't. They get something they can be excited about. Something they can sink their teeth into like Jimmy's here. Whatever it might be. Do they get excited? No. Damn right they don't. It's about time you got something right. You a little hunchback geek. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I'm fired up, man. All right. Let me tell you Jimmy Johnson is a defensive line coach. Okay. That's what this since stand and wherever they are powerful with a guy that had the most sax for the dolphins. We haven't had anybody that knows defensive line play man. There you go. And this guy put together Jim Jeff Coat. He put together Charles Haley. I mean that defensive line for Dallas. He put that together. That's what he's bringing here. Yeah. And then that's the greatest thing of the whole thing, man. Is that we're going to have a defense? All right. Where we have a defense in years here. I guess one time Oliver Doddy can pack himself as a salami sandwich and get out of here because he's history. Tom of a job. He's what he is. Right. Amen. You know what? He's right. That crap's got to go is what he said. All he didn't say crap. Something that kind of sounds like crap. But hey, the word police could very upset when you say crap on a year. So I don't say it again, pal, but you're right on target. We finally took me an hour and a half to get one guy. We got one woman and one guy in an hour and a half that are really fired up at enthusiastic because Jimmy Johnson's coming. See, they don't know what they want. They talk a lot these people. They take all these pools. Oh, yeah. We, we all want this and even hooking a China just to fill up time on a sports show for the last six months. That's all it's been. But as far as real emotion, real passion, how long have I been Tony? This is a city without passion. Like Jean Pettie would say the town without pity. The town that is a pity. And I come in here all fired up this morning. I'm watching a press conference his last night. My leafs kick ass against the kings come from behind three times. They kick some serious ass. Here's Andrew Chuck at the point. Hey, shoots at scores and leaves when the game five to four. And Matt Sandin sticks in a beautiful lovely little goal there as Harry Neil would say. And the Panthers even though they did blow the lead, they still get a point on the road which ain't too bad against the top team Colorado. But these people don't give a crap because we got a drunk and lady up there and Palm Beach is worried about HRS and SDS. FDS. Here's Kendall. Hello. Why is I OD only 5,000 watch? Why are you using that 40 voice? Because it's a routine job from 90 70. Okay, as good. Okay, we'll blow it out your ass, Ron. We have an open line in date 75 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 Wiod. I don't think we're only 5,000. What's our we 10,000 watch during the daytime, I think? I think we're 10,000 watch, aren't we? No, oh, not since he left. Here's the lady in Boka. Hello. Yes, I know. How are you today? I'm doing great. Are you a fire knockabout? Anything are you enthusiastic? I am more than enthusiastic. All right. I'm on clouds. In fact, I went to my doctor from my yearly physical today. Yeah. I need to big dolphin fan. He's excited. Uh-huh. I went to public. Excuse me, public afterwards. It's or anybody was talking about is thank God. Not on this show. Not on this show. I bring it up first thing right out of the box this morning. Let's have a party. Let's celebrate. Let's hear all your enthusiasm. Let's hear from all the really hopeful, excited people. And it's the same. Tired. And see, they always blame that on me. I'm supposed to be the guy that's so negative. I'm depressing. You know, I look, I'm desperate to find something to be positive about here when you're funded. They don't give a flying craft this audience. But these are probably the people in their home and criticize the dolphins that don't find the tickets. More than I had good reason the last few years. Yeah, but now they got no reason. That's the problem. They have no more excuses left. They're probably spending their time now looking for a new excuse. Well, I just hope that the people that are going out because I've been a season ticket holder for seven years. And I've spoken to you before. And I just hope that people that are buying them today or in the near future, because if they don't get to the Super Bowl next year, all of a sudden it's going to be, you know, well, you know, there's that element they're going to expect it overnight. 17 and all again in all-life crap. But those people are more runs and they know nothing about the game. Absolutely. And believe me, the people that have that the season tickets around us have been there as long as we have. And they all for the last two years have been saying, she's got to go and JJ's got to be in. Right. You know, so where the hell are they now? Where are they? Probably out partying. You know, you don't have to make believe sports station. They're talking about the heat. They're talking about Joe Rose's teeth. They're talking about everything. But what they're all as wrong with these people? I don't know. Or crying out loud. I know. And one other thing I want to talk to you about, we're both guiding light fans. Yes. And I was I'm really disappointed that at this critical critical stage of the story, we got a different I make believe actor right here. Exactly. What is it you with that? That's why they're going off the air that show because the producers and the whoever to hell the people are putting that show together, a bunch of morons. I mean, the this guy's been on for they've been carrying the story for a year. Right. And now all the sudden the last week when it's the most critical, they get to other actor who doesn't even compare to the other. No, not at all. They gave no explanation. They just said, you know, this part is now being a today is being played. Maybe he's sick. I mean, I don't know. Of course. But it's very important. So they couldn't post Bono after you wait for 52 weeks. We couldn't await another week or two until it's gone. Got over his floor. Whatever is still here. Exactly. What tell us wrong with them? I don't know. Oh, no. I'm sorry to support it with that. Oh, tragic. And even when the bad face mask now doesn't even look the same because you got it. He's got a, he's got a shnaz. It's like six times the size of the other guy. I know. I know. I know. Oh, my God. And poor Lucy. She's running around up there in circles on it. Watch tower. I mean, the, the other brand as a woman was ugly, but this guy, he would have never even passed as a woman. Like the other one did well saying he was very ugly, but at least 52 weeks in a row. I'm sitting there screaming at my TV. This Marion can't you people don't you have two eyes can't you see that's not a woman. I know can't you smell it? I know. Like God. And they built us up to this gigantic climax. And now we got a ringer in there. I know he's awful. And they couldn't even a Christmas time bring back Mike Bauer. What the, those wronged these people. Yeah. I know. However, however, you're they used to bring back some of the old people at Christmas time. Not this year. What they did was show us a few cheap cheesy, you know, flashbacks with pop of Bauer and build drunken build Bauer and Bert Hoppen around her and I want to like, I mean, what the hell was that? In fact, I just went into paper and I didn't realize that Henry passed away. Henry Chamberlain. Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah. Henry Chay. I think they're going to write it into the storyline. He died. Yeah. I hate to tell you where I read it. It's one of those tabloids. Oh, I did read that. Harry Chamberlain died next. It'll be old HB Lewis. Yeah. That's right. Oh, yeah. He's been around a long time. Well, get it on. I say get that show off. All it's still. We still have some good memories. Yeah. Well, they did have a good storyline, but Mike and you they blew it when they got this other actor and absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. I mean, they have her jewelry with her. I'm sure they're taking a long time for them to figure out who that is. Isn't it? She's probably just lying on a table somewhere, running away until they figure out who that is. I know. And then Frankie, man, I'll tell you, if I wanted to really sharp detective on some case, Frankie's the guy that have right on top of it. Oh, well, of course. What a long kid. Yeah. And soap operas. You become a doctor overnight. You become the best police officer overnight. Yeah. That's the world of soap operas. Let's take kicks fill up in Beth office show. That was the end of it. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. And I'm not that crazy about the new Alex Vandre either. I like the spring back to old one. She was a real shrier. She was a hell razor. So now I just I have to change something instead of it being Neil God. It's got to be Neil and JJ God. All right. All right. See you. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Open line on the green line. The women are more enthusiastic than you guys out there. What's matter? You're not getting any is that what the problem is? Huh? Can't get it up. You're enthusiastic as number one. Open line on the green line. 1 800 944. Jimmy's coming. Jimmy's coming and everybody in town is excited. Aren't we? No. Yes. We are God damn it. You party pooper. No. Yes. Come on. Say yes. No. Say yes. No. Prick. It's 1137 at WIOD. Yes. No. Okay. No. You're a theft. No. America's favorite black private did returns but this time he's fighting crime. 90s style. Richard Roundtree is shaft in cyberspace. Who's the cat the world logo when they're syntax all above? Sir? Click on. They say the shafts are fast mother. What's your mouth? I'm just booting up. Show. And he can film. Yes. He's right on and online. It's shaft in cyberspace downloading soon at a PC near you. Okay. So 1141 at WIOD. Don't forget about our trip to Vegas April 18 through 21st. It's getting closer. We're starting to count the weeks in the days. Et cetera. We're going to be staying three nights at the new tower deluxe rooms at the MGM Grand the finest the best the greatest on the strip bar none. And we're going to go like on a real airline American Airlines leaving from 4-Laudredale or Miami whichever you prefer leaving 930 on Thursday morning April 18 and getting the Vegas at one stopping in Dallas and of course then we all both groups from my Laudredale and Miami get on the same plane go to Vegas getting their 1 o'clock on Thursday the 18th. Then we come back Sunday the 21st, leaving Vegas 1 PM getting back to Laudredale and or Miami at 10 p.m. So that's the deal. Callup Rocky at WIOD travel. We need $150 deposit per person by January 15. We need the balance by February 15. So you've only got like four more days. In other words through the weekend to call Rocky and get on the thing now and the do it today. If you've been talking to her if you've been planning about going and April the middle of April will be perfect for those who'd all I could do hot like 110 like it isn't June and July when we usually went this is going to be like heaven like in the 80s and the sunny and at beautiful Vegas it's going to be great. So call Rocky at WIOD travel and get on board with our Vegas trip in data Broward call 4457740. 4457740 from Palm Beach 989 8888 989 88 88. Now how was the Hanks trip last year to that thing flyer what? No here's the West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I would like to see co-chair sprays coming. Yeah and I've been a closet the hurricane fan now for a couple years. A closet hurricane fan? Well I had to after Ericsson came in there I had to get in the closet the fan base looked pretty bad too when you see him out there on the street. Yeah but and and get out of here you're a jackass hurricane fan. Here's a pebble pine. Hello. Oh Neil. Yes. What's that? Neil. Everything come out okay. Everything came out fine. Good. How are you? Great. Listen I just wanted to comment on the dance. Should a JJ thing there? Yes. I was starting to see John Donko was a sad date but it would have been sad next year or then you're after and it had to come. Yeah. Bring on JJ. Bring on a superbow we need to get there. Let's have a parade this weekend. What do you say? This is free since 4th celebration. Right. People do need to wake up. What is wrong with these people? We finally get a little rave. Light a little bit of sunshine in this otherwise God forsaken for a realist place. All right. See you there pal. Open line and Broward 5249463. I said enthusiast. Not psychotic. All I hate who is better than everybody else. A little bit of enthusiasm please. How about it? No. Here's Carl Gables purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I want to make a comment about the Jimmy Johnson thing here. Finally. Oh yes. Let me tell you something. I haven't been able to enjoy a beer for the last year because of the shool. You know every time everybody's been crying in their beer. Oh man. It's him too salty. Every time it's like you know I start watching it drink two or three beers. I can't finish my food. You know I can enjoy the damn game. I'm originally from Boston. I am a hockey fan. All right. And you know I came down here saying oh damn you know I can't be a patriot at least I can be a Dawson fan. What a disappointment man. You'll see Derek Sanderson behind that stick it out in front the Bobby or there it is and air goes that crazy Dan Kelly again you know. The Bruins win a Stanley cup but that's a lifetime ago too. I'm going to tell you Steve Casper's got to go if you're a Bruins fan. Casper's got to go. You know that guy's a twit. No. I'm very says he's a twit. Yeah. Anya. You got the pen to tell me. I'm very enthusiastic about them. No it's easy to give up the Bruins right now. Well I don't make them leave though you know I mean I'm going to call you question um does everybody actually know why shool it doesn't like Jimmy Johnson uh no. I'm going to ask you this does the word jealousy come into play. Well that you know his son Dave coach under Jimmy Johnson and Dallas. Yeah and um that was a little while ago um Jimmy Johnson called shooler that tell him that he was going to get rid of his son and shooler was very upset about it. This is in the knees there maybe a year and a half maybe two years ago. Apparently it's now like what you saw we said you know no one likes to hear the truth that apparently shooler didn't want to hear it. And of course as soon as Jimmy went to Fox after uh he and Jerry Jones had a big falling out in Dallas and I'm not even at that point the rumor started surfacing about Jimmy's coming and at that point shooler became e-reached to point where he hated him because he saw Jimmy's ghost hovering over his ass every single moment of every day of his life. Oh yeah again you know well I love your show uh my first time calling my driver and listen to all the time thank God for Jimmy Johnson and thank God I can actually enjoy some damn good beer again. All right you see you there. Bye. Look for me right there on a 50 yard line with that big fat guy next to me up there. We have an open line on the purple line which is now the eighteenth in T wireless and mobile one cellul line which means anybody that's got a cell phone can call and we pay for it anybody and everybody no matter what you got how do you like that no matter how big it is. Or small here's Miami Beach hello hey yes sir man I'm pumped up. All right finally we're gonna have some excitement I don't know but two a couple games a year but I'm gonna go to a lot more games because it's exciting some new you know it's gonna be exciting you know it's gonna be so it's gonna be similar to same old two yards and a cloud of dust really let me ask your question off the subject to have you ever heard of a baseball player by the name of Bob Turley no of course I did 19 56 Yankees 55 to these things he was on the same team with Don Larsen and Bob Grimm and those guys I was a big Yankee fan of those days is really good now the reason I saw ever heard of bullet Bob Turley who started with the Baltimore Orioles by the way and then was traded to the Yankees yeah the reason I was the rest of that pitching staff whitey Ford and Johnny Cux right yeah I don't know because you're my police ball friend Jim Coats he left me some stuff of his and it's it what do you think are you better believe it I'd pedal right now I used to work for him and he just kind of took a liking to me and he left me like I got some baseball uniform what kind of work was it if we said on here oh he was the insurance business yeah yeah what did he leave you pardon he left you as balls why got some ball yeah a lot of baseballs are uniform gloves some pictures he left it with you like intentionally or like you gave it to me well it's worth some stuff you know it's worth some cash man where would I sell that you find a collectibles place yeah talk to one of them and then either that are put in add in a collectibles magazine or something because you probably get ripped off by the collectible of people but he was pretty good in his he was outstanding he had a tremendous fastball bullet Bob Turley like all right he was fantastic great okay I'll do your show nice talking to you back to you yeah bullet Bob what number 19 my right is my memory writer while what he forward was 16 he was 19 what number was Don Larson 18 come on what number was Don Larson I can see him now and had perfect game against Sal Maglia in the Brooklyn Dodgers 1956 world series I can see it right now Dale Mitchell is pinch hitting in the bottom of the night the book out is one ball in two strikes and it's called strike three I know he had a perfect game for Don Larson I can see it now but he were number 18 or what not that it's important Turley was 19 I know that I care I bet my life on that little while there a little of control problem is most left handers said no tell me Bob fella was a left hander anymore finally got that straightened up her obscure was the left hander Cleveland and he had a big cigar announcer now make believe a jocken answer Bob Turley bullet Bob now we're talking here's plantation hello yes sir wonderful that Don sure drives a fort in the gym or drives a Corvette what is that tell you I rest my case I see that now all we got to do is get rid of uh Don Fondetti yes and the pick this is the best call of the day so far we that's to make the switch complete Dolphin Denny must go to somebody who knows up Jimmy and knows Jimmy calling up right now and tell him part of the deal with Wayne must be in the contract is Don Fondetti must go immediately if not sooner no you may not like this question one time I don't like it one time with sooner big fan of yours and uh down the street from you after the Larry King call man called in came to your defense saying he was your dad and I know the story and everything you know what you're dad yes you know what story what story is there why I know you don't talk to him right and this and that that was him but how about what Phil Henry know that of course yeah I was just curious if it was a crank or food is really not that was Saul what that was Saul and surfaces like about once every five years when he crawls over to the phone it's a great day I'm just curious if JJ doesn't go all the way what's gonna happen at how to people gonna react yeah that'll be interesting you can probably predict it yourself because you know these people that'll have fickle air very happy now all right talk to us see a there a fickle not like me I stick with my team uh uh hey listen when you live here long enough it rubs up but I had good reason I make no apologies for even as bad as the Patriots dunk if sure to go back next year I'd have been firmly on that Patriot bandwagon okay Drew Blitz oh god Bill Parser and I got no problem with Bill Parser he's a great coach I don't care how bad they stump is here he's a coach fat but still a coach it's 10 till noon at WIOD news talk at entertainment radio 610 WIOD Dallas blows and so does Jimmy Johnson you got that pile they were a group of unruly inner city students until she walked in guess what we're getting a new teacher yeah it's probably an ugly old excuse me could I borrow your slide this summer Michelle Fyfer will be nurturing dirty minds three times 23 equals uh 69 yes you know Matthewdie who wants to bang my racers after this class everybody needs a smoke in the boys room Michelle Fyfer stars and dirty minds coming soon me so horny 1154 WIOD you got no put line in it browned like a big hole like a canyon they're like a crater in Wayne's PUSS 5249463 we're pretty happy with WIOD these days after this uh about Zini business oh here's a lady in Miami hello lady in Miami is gone isn't that nice see what I mean about these women at Kong I would say like 99% of the women at Kong which is only about six anyway if you don't get to him right away they're gone because they have more important things than me which quite frankly I can't imagine too many things in his town more important than me bitch open line in date with at bitch just hung up 751 here is the West Palm Beach hello yes sir can't hear you though you're whispering Jimmy I'm happy about Jimmy coming in but I got a problem with it I think that's gonna mean uh about by his a Panthers don't you what is one thing you have to do with the other I think it's a smoke screen I think he's gonna be able to use his smoke screen on people who are not wrong okay I don't you care but I care a lot okay I'm but did you see a Game of Life course what my cuff to in front of that will be all about he's spirit of guy and he got the kicked out of the game for sparing that's right well when you replay why can't we see we're right up there they don't they don't they don't you sure about that I am so positive I bet you $80 million against the nickel they don't replay penalties I know the coverage of camera guys is not to it you can't cover the pocket they need to right but I thought I thought I'd see the replays of power before huh I thought I seen a play replay of power before no they have not they don't replay penalties reason for and it's just the rule you do you can't you can only every place for certain things and penalties is not one of them that's a judgment thing no I'm not saying like that we watch the replay oh you mean why do they show the replay as well yeah why do they show a lot of replays you're asking ask Jeff Remer when he gets back here ask the rimman well he doesn't have any control that well he better start getting some control I'll tell you that but that but the penalty had nothing to do with the outcome of the game because they killed off the uh right right but I still don't let down their period like you said earlier what was that about that's called crappy defense that's called folding up like an accordion so it's called the Bezerlet in a greasy gold a tie the game I know but still you can't let a rapper out a greasy goal like that when you're going the wrong way you can't let that in it and by the way I've been telling everybody about Patrick one how he stinks to join out and if they saw that game last night they know that I'm right yeah right they can't even sit up in like two to one he stinks to join out man Colorado got a dead frog with that deal the set has got to be the smoke it's an yeah well he'll be in there soon believe me anyway you think what do you feel about the pastest pain I'd say a chances are ninety nine to one against I hope I'm wrong but uh don't look too good okay see yeah Tuesday night we got the home game finally it's a long drive because of that's thinking circus and all that elephant crapped they're dumping all over the place in at arena man can you imagine the job that they must have to clean that thing out after the circus leaves town oh we'd much rather had the circus it's such a wonderful atmosphere to take the children right take your circus and jam it with your symphony workers to a two here's a mobile informata hello yes hey don't buddy okay one year chronic yes sir do you say Jimmy was coming Jimmy's coming he's not even breathing hard I don't think so scored score listen I hope that if he's in Wayne was smiling about it so does that's it yeah yeah the widest state I've ever come across I hope that if he does come down here that we don't ruin him like we do all the other good players that we pick up all the good players is he gonna be playing or coaching well when we pick up a good player from another team the he comes up here as a dolphin like Eric Green by the way how could you mention what a great game key Jackson had for Green Bay last week how does nobody mention that that he had some tremendous very pivotal catches in the Green Bay win in a playoffs last nobody mentions that yeah and when he was with us last year you suck right you know I don't I think you'll find a different story with Jimmy how you hope when you get your new phone I think you'll find it a lot less windy too we have an open line maybe you had the phone jammed up the wind tunnel maybe that might have been it sounded awfully I mean you're good guy I think but your phone blows open line at Broward 5249463 here's Miami Buenas to you hello Neil yes sir hi you're doing I bought them Dolphin yeah uh Jimmy Johnson the best thing since the 71 72 season since Halava I'm out 72 3 that sounds better to me yes 72 Super Bowl 73 Super Bowl yeah oh Super Bowl yeah everyone's 72 season right we in there I tell you it's not gonna happen overnight but uh tell yourself you're going back no yes huh we go in no yes oh yeah no yeah no all right go down okay all right open open line a day no yes there is no 75194 no he's right like he said no there's not okay we don't have time this are we'll just to just hang loose on there you're not going anywhere it's kind of deadly and notice there was no traffic coming to work this morning kind of like a holiday maybe that's what's going on maybe people are partying in their pants today because I'm coming to work today it was like a goddamn official holiday I have never ever never ever seen so little traffic on a non holiday non weekend day did you see any traffic oh you did or you didn't no well you're not speaking now or what I'm not a speak of oh I'm serious there was like 75 was the gratn he had just nobody nowhere of course till you get to 79 that's always jammed up with geeks but I mean so it's a holiday excuse me for not understanding for not being the quick on the draw we hope you're enjoying your party and uh getting the good weed and doing a good stuff and the clean out those drugs and South Beach by the way no talk is key and man do we like it W i O d my enemy for literally use talking entertainment radio 16 W i O d go Jimmy it's your flip ball team good afternoon at 12 o clock this is Jennifer Ram news talk entertainment radio 16 W i O d brought you by AT&T wireless former Dallas Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson hanging up his apron and coming out behind the bar to have the Miami Dolphin supple the I O d sports director Jeff de Forest reports on the hiring of K j j Jimmy's job hunt came to an abrupt end yesterday as Johnson got the job he had targeted for himself ever since leaving the Dallas Cowboys after a tip with owner Jerry Jones he began a relationship with Wayne He's in the yesterday as the two hammered out a contract that will make Johnson the Finns third head coach in their history Johnson arrived at training camp early today eight in the morning rolling up his sleeves and beginning his tenure as the Finns head coach Wayne Hezinga's already departed the Davy training camp meaning that a contract in all likelihood is already been signed the formal announcement should make it official today between four and four thirty this afternoon that didn't sound too enthusiastic no that's right again are you excited about Jimmy Johnson coming or what oh yeah work on it all right oh i'm real excited yeah i can tell partly cloudy high seventy one to seventy six no mention of how many of he brings Brad Pitt with them or air clendrous or both yeah all right you're tight ends sixty nine degrees next news update one o clock bulletins at once i'm Jennifer Ram news talk an entertainment radio 16 W i O d all right my am I I'm not sure present Sean Connery and Richard gear and a thrilling new version of the legend of Camelon there's no bull night outside he wishes to join the roundtable king of sure him yet hi your majesty i'm third lance a lot that you can call me land a greetings a plan for the place is mine it's the legendary story of King Arthur and his favorite night lance a lot as only Richard gear could play him so how do you get to be king anyway it was said that whoever could remove the sword x scallabber from the stone in which it was buried was the true king of England and you were moved it i did hmm i've got something like that going really whoever so shall remove a certain jirable from my butt yes gets to replace it with something out Sean Connery Richard gear and Freddie the hairless jirable star in fist night actually my name's not really lance the lot it bill and why do they call you lance a lot mostly because i get lance the lot fist night coming soon with the engineer you know 12 o 6 at w i o d and let's go to west pombie chillo hey how you doing okay what is this with eighty bell for he sucks why is he starting for the week because the fans voted don't understand the pago fans the stuff the ballot box he does that or he's just his name he's leaving wonder a steve wonder in ray Charles rewarding too but he's having a horrible year he's not even the starter jiff hack it's starting holy now bell for things to join out he's the second string gold tender any the hummingbird for a lousy team on top of that well their mediocre at best i hate them now and what is this on another note with the all star voting by the way the leaves are back in second place oh yes why was Ron france is not picked up until the end the guy is the second leading squad he was named as the uh the gerry betman of the senior old timer or whatever that's why well it just seems to me like he should have been well he voted in by the fan he wasn't over over mario well not over me oh that's right the only pick the first guy out there right well who picks the rest the coaches the coaches pick the rest well shouldn't there's one old timer pick by gerry betman for like each conference Ron frances and my partner my partner at least had another big goal last night a lot of beautiful play at a boy mike okay so that's not actually it's a poppillarity contest right garbage well i mean he didn't even plan the same line as mario i mean he's not going to have an a power play except on the power and we know it no one knows and no one falls any of those guys anymore and what do you think the chat why do you say that why do you say that mario has people on his ass the entire game they're all over him why no but they don't you're just parenting what you heard somebody say who didn't know what he was talking about mario gretskees the guy that nobody dares to touch he's the untouchable one because i think they're afraid the smell is going to rub off why mean they don't they don't they don't they don't they're only averaging like two power plays a game for the last months the penguins are no one's no one's falling any of those guys because they know how deadly that power play is and what do you think the chances are that one being the best one ever of what one the the penguins powerfully now it's uh i i don't know how you compare with other it's very hard to do but it's certainly the best in league it's it's awesome it's incredible to watch okay and and go Jimmy that's great okay see you yeah we have an open line in uh the green line what and green land one eight hundred nine four four we could probably get better response on green land i'll tell you that those bastards they kind of an else to talk about do people actually live there then i love the guy that calls up fill yesterday to show you how confused the public is this guy calls up right now our rick it was a holio so that explains that they're confused they got like a gender uh confusion thing there so he's talking about all the rest of the station and this and that and while you know rick it's to go to all these exciting places and the fills as you mean Neil oh yeah well he has been to Amsterdam they don't have any idea who they're listening to who's saying what they're they're like clueless they couldn't tell you if you held a gun to their head no here's sunrise hello hey Neil how's it going buddy okay pali all right man i i i i've been down here for a while and i haven't been a big dolphin man but i just say man i'm totally happy now yeah and i want to see my Steelers at least you know good at the superbowl before the dolphin's dominate the whole thing yeah and another thing um i heard you play this thing like a spoof of macarena i was wondering if you could play that it gives called melanoma melanoma is a spoof of macarena you know that spoof it has song man here you go and said it's a spoof of macarena did you hear that George yeah i know what you're talking about even i'm not that stupid yeah i'm all though terrible it's a total Miami thing but you know yeah okay all right man all right all right the dead hits your back in your man for sure all right get out here more we have an open line of brownard five two four bad bad routine there okay call up Chris Baker look at your gig and by the way speed of that guitar man is uh oh i'm sorry so anyway it's 10th a forgetter man we're trying to do something nice for it was a creative problem we're trying to do something nice for a guitar man our center one total is 1303 71 bucks and you can add to it by ordering your best of CDs and cassettes and t-shirts by calling center one direct at five six one oh oh seven eight or by stopping into borders books music and cafe stores and curl springs and aventure in candle and bokeh for a lot of day land in the mather in the grove and this Saturday noon to two will be at borders in aventure which is 199th in bescan just south of ives dairy fill will be there i will be there rick will be there suds will be there a George will be there the gods of their spa will be there in aventure in allus so you'll be there and let's goose that total up to 150 grand or else it's uh 11 what do you say about my green oh she's coming back 11 past noon and w i would be because she was telling me on the both of the other day i'm such an idiot so this is about make room when they can make call me melanoma i can't until i'm almost in a coma no how why me my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen sun with me 10 with me hope we don't mind i'm a little prickly i'm a melanoma we think like a bun you excel the aroma i like they're all on but there's nobody more hey melanoma i spend all day it works planning that when i get off a go-tending i get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and you more religious have to help me find a dermatologist lying in the sun till we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can spell the aroma i like all my but there's nobody home i'm melanoma we lie in the sun till we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can spell the aroma we got lumps on our skin bigger than the metronoma hey melanoma we don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona we're not gonna have genital kind of love hey melanoma hey 1216 the WOD so nice so lady and pombie semi-distumping from the pombie post i just looked at this it's written by Elliott Kleinberg the story who is the son of Howard Kleinberg formally of the Miami news anybody remember Howard Kleinberg no remember Howard no come on used to be a guest on my show back at us good old old old days well Elliott's a son he's a good guy so anyway the story is alleged sins of priest resurface after 25 years and alter boy story begins in the late 1960s in a boiton beach parish in 1967 when Kevin Ralph Sidway was an eleven year old Catholic alter boy he and at least four other boys from a boiton beach parish told their parents the Reverend Rocco Charles de Angelo had sexually assaulted them father old tool god de Angelo admitted to being a molester in the church what it apparently done nothing when it received a similar report a year earlier sent him to a psychic psychiatric hospital document show for the next quarter century Sidway wrestled with his demons attempting suicide at least once his only consolation his faith that the church would make sure is a silent never again worked with the parishers especially children but during all that time de Angelo continued his priestly duties on the golf coast including two stances head of a Tampa area church before retirement 1993 and it goes on and on it says diocese is still paying for alleged sins hallelujah bit another isolated incident father old tool god just one of the millions of stories out there in the naked city with all those priests huh what can I tell you here's a lady in Hollywood hello hi Neil how are you great how are you doing very excited about Jimmy Johnson welcome to women are more excited to the guys I'm a student take it over I am I am thrilled thank god and to be honest with you I sit in the wedge by the opponent side and that's where that's stupid guy with that orange hat what's the thing dollfane Danny yes he stands there believe me we heckle my sister and I heckle him every game he could be the world's biggest asshole we tell a story he's so drunk yeah I mean it's disgusting so Jimmy please get rid of that it's often done I hate him hey man and the third thing I wanted to let you know because I don't think anybody is told you yet the guy from the guiding light the one that played this was the man and the woman whatever Brett Lawrence yeah yeah it was in the paper yesterday in the Harold it was reported they found him in his dressing room yeah going crazy removing his clothes and flipping out yeah I you serial you had a nervous breakdown he started removing his clothes and he was naked into dressing room with me oh my god what a grotesque thought and now was he Marion or Brett at the time who knows I don't know if he was wearing a bra or you know underwear but or both he was he apparently that's why nobody has said anything he's apparently some kind of a sanatorium or some psychiatric board he's like flipped out oh my god so he knows also drive you crazy whether you're watching them or in him well you know he's probably real confused I would think so he was like three people and he didn't really like to be wearing all that heavy pancake makeup over that phony push he wasn't sure what the heck he was you know he was there so that's why you've been having all these lousy actors on there because they can't seem to find anybody it was like such a short notice yeah and I guess he ain't coming back any time soon no I don't think so unless it's in a straight jacket but anyway thanks Neil thanks a lot bye see yeah see leave it to our audience different to blackster how do you like that but one thing she did point out that's her second call today the most important thing for you to do Jimmy the first official act oh friend then he is a dog oh and musco immediately he's not sooner we have an open line in Broward 5249463 524 here's a lady mobile and Wellington hello hi yes man that was my article well great but why thought it's interesting I highlighted it for you was that they talked about some group that catered to people that were abused by clergy yeah 90% of the people are cap that are in the group yeah Chicago based link up survivors of clergy sexual abuse as 90% of its victims are cataclyc and 90% of those were molested as young boys yeah not that is not a piss-co-pap cataclyc huh it's very hot a shocker yeah it's really same and like you said this whole concept of celibacy sure makes a lot of sense yeah right right well have a good day Neil and thanks a lot box yeah Wiod yeah who's this me I got something to say yeah everyone in South Florida has brown eyes today cute huh open line in the Broward 5249463 well he should know because you know what they say it starts at the top and kind of runs down open line on the green line is where it is at 1-800-944-9463 it's 1221-Wiod is a place in the Midwest where time-outer traditions and patience come together to make some of the world's finest cheese omg country cheese and we just had some here the Havari the Danish of Arty with the Adil and their Swiss and almost no carbs by the way for you icons people and delicious all natural omg countries cheeses are made in the omg regions of the Midwest you'll taste the old fashioned goodness in the Colby Longhorn Swiss Havarti yawsburg yaws yawsberg light low sodium Swiss low sodium gura and omg country hoop cheese that's a way to old fashioned mild cheddar dipped in red wax to protect the great flavor lots of great ways to enjoy omg countries cheeses like Swiss melted over bacon on toast under the broiler across your hamburger with strips of Colby and cream Havarti for a gourmet taste or Swiss or traditional cheddar burger omg countries low sodium Swiss could be the best low-salt cheese you've ever popped in your mouth so look for omg countries cheeses like the yawsberg and yawsberg light plus the new variety of 50% reduced fat cheeses omg countries cheeses you'll find them at your favorite grocery store and if they don't have them you'll be sure and go in there and the jump up and down like ruffle stills can and tell them you want them hey stench of palmanor hover is over this performance by the golfers ladies why spend harder money on different feminine hygiene products when all you need is one that's right I'll new vagimature because over 22 feminine hygiene products in one just listen for cramps bloating and 12-hour freshness for bladder infections stretch marks and verical spanes for pms and STDs it's but wait there's more magimagic is also a furniture polish carpet deodorizer and stain remover use vagimagic on your pets to control ticks and flees use vagimagic is a plant fooder garden mulch use vagimagic is a tampon or a turtle wax magimagic will even freshen the breath and whiten the teeth of your partner and mom just sprinkle some vagimagic on that dull monday night be loaf and we guarantee there won't be any leftovers great bad to love mom why if we didn't have court cases pending with the FDA we could give you literally hundreds of uses for vagimagic vagimagic now available and reusable 28-ounce bottles with our patented no slip kung fu grip applicator handle vagimagic makes a great stocking stuffer and it's not legal in 38 states that fine pharmacies convenient stores and auto body shops everywhere vagimagic it's just like pet and dollar in my pants vagimagic it works like magic 1225 at W.I.O.D. open line on a green line 1-800-Vokidilk give a crap about the Jimmy Johnson or Don Schuler or the dolphins who are about the future of this community or about the one little grow bright spot in our lives they don't care they got nothing to say up there and when they do call it's kaka except for that nice lady by the way semi the article and I'm sitting here reading the rest of it now it's a very very very very very lengthy scandals cost millions shattered confidence but the publicity is also laid to at least some false accusations against priests like one out of a thousand and it goes on and on well what can I tell you just isolated incidents you know it's just all those anti-cat looks out there spreading nasty stories here's a lady in Miami hello yes ma'am I want to ask you some questions then I'll hang up and listen to you and just how does when players are let go and like co-tula or his assistance how does that finance work is our base does he have to pay money to them of course they have to pay them off for whatever the contract is they pay them off they give a check in a slommy sandwich and they say goodbye and Don't eat it too fast yeah well that's for the players too right and but you see now now it's such a big business that you can't even keep track of unless you regard them country lawyer because they got restricted free agents and unrestricted free agents and they got I it's just it's too complex who the hell knows yeah well I don't know I was just curious and and I'm glad to see the change in a rich coach who could help and happen to see earned it and I'll be fine I said absolutely correct and I'm joyous you and thank you very much and thank you no we have an open line in date 751 one on the green line 1 800 Yahoo 1 800 944 9463 the next call from Boko Raton could be the greatest call in history mankind mark my words you just keep your eye in a line eight you're watching you just wait I'm telling you I can feel it I can smell it here's Miami Beach hello yeah Neil yes sir we're happy that Jimmy Johnson is here and now that we have Don Schuels retirement the only thing we need and left is for your retirement oh yeah yes Ben in your due spec yeah and blow it out your ass say to you go out to hall over and get melanoma with all those uh like sure don't do get you must the same no a lot about it you must no you seem to be there including on this show you must know a lot about it because you listen every day and you every time you call it the same story see you must be transfixed I could never return until you croak so if you die maybe they'll give me an opening hey I think so Henry out of replace you yeah okay so he can be on from 10 to six I was that that's right okay you retired and you know what and you're a douche best still blow it out to your ass okay open line in date 751 and one on a grant by yeah really weak pal really weak material open line in date 751 Wiod and one on a green line 1 80944 9463 here's the lady in Palm Beach hello yes ma'am how are you I'm great I'm really led Jimmy Johnson's on his way or here or whatever right I think it's great we finally have something it looks forward to yeah that is the biggest thing right there it's big it's big it's really big I don't know how big but it's big from what I hear so I just want to say that uh pretty happy about that all right go have a party I'm having a party good you're invited see ya bye she's having a party open line in the green line 1 800 I thought that guy before her was better 1 800 944 9 Fort Lainless it liked the woman I called like three calls back just to write me a check that's all I'll be more unhappy I don't even have to come into Mar just write me a check that's the deal contract we got about four years to go and that's it and I guarantee at the end of those four years I'm not gonna overstay my welcome maybe what the hell 24 years that's long enough by the way March 1 makes 20 years I've been on here in this town I bet you're Melissa Rodriguez right something really nice about that don't you think so no here's a mobile in Davy hello hey deal yes sir yeah they they just threw me out of the training facility over here at Nova University meaning what well it's for me the only I stuck in I was trying to clear and see what was going on there was a push a media personnel out there and uh security guy came over and so I think there's a good lesson to be learned there probably fat rich could learn the uh same lesson too would be very valuable in life and that is don't go where you're not supposed to be don't go where you're not wanted I'm visiting from church he's pretty nice there you have never been out this with this far west yeah yeah have you ever been in Davy have I ever been in Davy yeah where's that I heard that you've been in Davy quite a few times no I haven't been through Davy very rapidly oh yeah well how did Davy like it how did what how did Davy like it Davy what well you said you've been in Davy Davy Jones yeah yeah yeah bye asshole open line on a green line 1-800-9-44 in fact my roommate's name in college when he was from Jersey and his name was Tom Davy and I never was in Davy but that's another story he was kind of ugly here's a four-later nail hello how you doing Neil okay uh that west guy was really unfunny he was he was as good as that other guy before who was trying so hard to be funny that he cracked up at the end of the call couldn't keep a straight push yeah yeah uh uh see there's a whole there all these different groups of types of colors we have the colors who think that they're going to get my goat and get me all worked up I call and and pretending that they hate me or they're going to say it takes some shot and they think that I'm going to take it personal where this to me is business I couldn't give a crap what they say as long as the phone rings as long as I get the paycheck which I already got my check by the way this morning sir and that's it and they they really believe that we uh take these things seriously they're just paying your check and if they ever if they ever heard the colors on the field Henry show including Larry King they know that they're not serious oh right well they you know they're just they keep listening because they love you that's they do they couldn't they couldn't live without it but uh home at the flu today and uh opened up the paper it was uh can't wait for a gymnast start kicking everybody out and bringing everybody in just wanted to say jubby Johnson Lordy and uh body laddy I don't know if anybody else has noticed this but this is the second time on a row now I hate Wayne but I mean I hate to Tampa Bay Area even more than Wayne and this is the second time on a row that Wayne has personally shot upon the Tampa Bay Area good for him I mean if you don't just before thanks a lot Wayne we love you he did well and now it's you me right great anybody who dumps on Tampa Bay can't be all bad in our book right oh yes all right deal okay pal get some clear a silver way no okay let's clear up our relationship with Wayne and that ugly post two we have an open line in Broward 5249463 524 it's like that Julio that called Phil yesterday oh I hate that Neil I hate that he's other than he goes on and on and then he starts using every expression from douchebag to unbelievable I mean this guy like he could quote chapter and verse this kid everything I've ever said on a year and of course he's probably a closet case and he's you know wrestling with it and his conscience too here is a four-lot nine's not W-I-O-D I'd like to speak to Neil Rogers who? Neil Rogers? while you're like a sure one oh thank god hello hello this is me Neil yeah how you doing Jack? hey Jack but again I was gonna ask you a question about a boxing question and if we were talking on sports or does boxing question boxing boxing is barbaric and grotesque come on come on it is one of the greatest snow it is not it's not a sport at all let me say it again it's boxing and boxing is grotesque and barbaric I think it's hard to think see yeah okay well anyway let me ask your question um have you heard of the spider courage to shock me why after I just got through saying that why would you ask me a question about boxing it's not a sport I don't follow what I have no interest in it's grotesque and barbaric I heard somebody just say that it's crap it's for sedists all right it's for people like cauliflower ears it's for people to want to see the faces of death parts want through a thousand of you seeing those? see them well there you go that's why you like boxing oh we'll answer the call up the weather channel or selling a video of 80,000 greatest disasters you can see bodies blown apart you can see like all kinds of things right now huh who could be Tyson princess Diana we have an open line and the brown line 524946 we see you guys with your boxing man see this is a joke and they're hosting you like crazy and you pay money for these fights to subsidize these overgrown morons these illiterate assholes and if they put it on paper view you spend your last 30 or 40 bucks you can't even put a goddamn loaf of bread in the salami sandwich on the table but give me my 30 or 40 bucks so I can support this guy to end it and half of them are fixed anyway it's like professional wrestling now oh don't say that yes it is right I think it's hard to think see I see here's Miami hello hey no what he means is it's hard to think when you've had your brains burst in for 10 years your number one cheerleader yes I believe these people are not excited about it they're not at all excited I'm the only one you and me and about 10 other people that's all that's all I care about is a same old tired cram maybe you should put on a dress and chose a little ass and we go to your ass right make up maybe we'll get excited you know yeah right not all of those like peepies like you yeah okay so I said that man chose a mask man why do you show some ass look at a mirror pal you can't keep bigger than that see there you go just exactly what I just got through sand there is one right there just exactly what I said right there just look at a mirror man I hope he's got one of those big tall ones in a mirror too here's Miami on a purple line hello oh Neil yes are you doing okay well Jimmy Johnson coming to town is the best thing since the signing of damn arena yeah I just can't wait to see the cut list they're all by the way there was a holiode just now so obviously he was wrong he does like it yeah and trust me they all like it a lot I can't wait for George and he's not a real spick anyway okay wait they got Jamie Brown yeah all year I mean all you slow guys that Gene Adkins Gene Adkins got to go right I hope Ryan cars get that here too and uh just hope Jimmy uh turns everything around and we can uh I hope they said Brian in a back of the bus so we can like look forward and spit on everybody else and to well buckly get him on at bus too right away yeah on the eye this is I'm a habit of a dog a fan and uh I just didn't even want to watch football this year you're going to see a whole new rage rage jeem this year I'll guarantee that you go to the bank on it and I hope so no more of this three and out bull crap that we've been watching for four or five years now yeah I think I hope he gets really good Steve is too I mean I don't think so I think that's the one thing I'm a little concerned about but hey listen a guy you gotta give him a little bit of a vote of confidence because he he seems to know what he's doing so you know yeah maybe he's got the right pill for uh for him to take and maybe he knows where to stick it yeah and no and I think we're lyric and you feel yeah that was the funny thing I've ever heard no yes it was I had a rate of 10 minutes in his to go yes all right now thanks a lot yeah yeah see that was another thing Phil comes on there it is the best 10 minutes in the history first of all to show you what a bushleg town it is this Melissa Rujiri she writes some shot at me because Larry says it's the worst talk show in America instead of writing Phil Henry did the greatest con job on Larry King and history made a jackass out of him she writes you know some backhanded shot about me oh yes and then Phil gets done with that thing and the phone is like dead it's like there's no response out there where people ought to be just ringing the phone off the hook in his therix just peeing in their pantalones it's just uh amazing just never ceases the shock and amazed no matter how often you see it and feel it and smell it it's 1237 a Wiodala. Bratum and say cheese no yeah get baby tonight an occurant affair shocking videos of the Brady bunches all night west and oil orgies how about you sitting here you ready for it yeah plus never before seen episodes to race you for network television oh oh oh congratulations honey always go tell Alice the news he's in a room that's tonight I'm not curing a fan don't forget our topic tomorrow will be uh Julio is flying out of the closet we probably have to extend the show so Phil may be able to take the day off tomorrow I'll get that one guy upset 1241 a Wiod we have the line ringing in date I just mentioned that in passing 751 and 463 751 here's Davy hello yes yes it's about time you leave Don's Shula alone what is it leave Don's Shula alone he retired is everybody happy now is this a woman or a man it's a man I got a cold oh my god this is Brett Lawrence is it from the guiding light put your clothes back on Brett come on people are starting to talk I think it's time to leave him alone leave me by leaving him alone I'm interested in the say nobody's even talking about him today barely we're talking about Jimmy Johnson so in other words if we in other words we shouldn't be happy that Jimmy Johnson is coming we should be in more than for a few months would that make you happy oh that's that's what the problem is it's got nothing to do with Shula you don't like Jimmy Johnson that's what so why didn't you say that what is it people he why doesn't make it you hope he doesn't make it yeah he's a jerk and and you're a jerk takes one to no one okay asshole open line and power at 524 now we're getting the good colors that I was talking about the legal moments ago this is what it's all about in this town one asshole after another 5249463524WOD it hopes that Jimmy and I say it you know very I'm not really sure what that was I think it was Brett Lawrence come on put put it back on the show okay so maybe he's losing his mind that would be great can you imagine that just absolutely for real cycle he might actually throw a loose he went off the god damn my light light tower the lighthouse whatever it is lighthouse for the astupid here's for a lot of nail hello okay sounds like you got a bunch of real light we got you listen we got asked up to your earlobes today man I'm telling you how you're not the excited something really good happens and this goes to show you this is the response from the IOD audience we got a bunch of wise asses out there who like you know how can you it's got to be the best of the town and a long time I mean I can't think of anything else to great going on here I want to know if I live the Doddy and Steven is splitting the cabs from Davies is the airport they're in Davies what I hear they're gonna split the cabs and spend a lot of time in Davies did you hear the Hummer last night but I did not thank God yeah well he listened to your show I think maybe you pay him back by listening to his now once in a great while during a break any let me say it again anybody that would listen to the Hummer while Phil Henry is on here needs very serious ass distance well actually it was in the the end of Phil Henry and Defoe was coming on so like I said that was that I understand it the lesser is too evil yeah and he had the penthouse pet of the year on his show in his studio what does that have to do with sports that's what I wanted to know I could figure out but he had the penthouse pet of the year in his studio and they were before he was going to be performing at some club in Miami and they were going on and saying that there was a free buffet at this club oh so that's what it was no yes it was more free food for the hamster and he says well what time does the buffet start and they said it's a clock so he big oh well I could offer seven is it still going on yes Dave some for me put some aside for me put 20 or 30 plates over in a corner for me the hamster no I thought that was a funniest thing unbelievable yeah see what I'm talking about here one of the big news stories that ever broke is it come down to pike and we're talking about everything but in this town I don't get it I just don't understand it I thought it was a funniest thing they could be dropping nuclear weapons on sunrise right now and somebody may call an asking if they're still going to have the early bird well that's all the old folks there uh-huh uh-huh okay now in closing can I call one of my co-workers a douchebag yeah the Italian iceman a mate oh jeez okay get out of here oh now I got a headache just from that name we have an open line and he actually showed up at the idea do you see in there he's at the borders and wherever we were cruel springs the Italian iceman another guy looking for vindication validation illumination here is uh Miami hello yes sir man I don't know what's up with the phone lines today you me and probably ten other people are the only excited people and it's got damn town yeah and half of that model that they're just faking it I uh I believe though you wait to lie johns and gets in there people will start to crawl out of their cracks uh when he starts winning and his team starts winning what do you think when his team starts winning yeah well what do you think he's got a waiting to jump on the bandwagon now well now the new thing is what do you think about uh-and-mitsmith he's free after next year I'm the one that just got through saying that about 50 times in the last three days and same wouldn't be great that we actually have a running back who can uh run like a oh man we have an open line in dates 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 that seems to be the word of the day today baby it's the word of the day and it rhymes with that's it 1245 at Wiod use talking entertainment radio 6 10 W I O D I've been doing this a long time I know how to do a talk I've been doing this a long time I know how to do a talk show no now another episode of street colonists and accessions we join our contestants my de-in crazy kind of already in progress yo man check this out your mom's nose is so big that when she lay on a back it looked like the bat key that's the next up in the check this out your mom's head is so big that she guys to get a hair braided by angels you know what I'm saying straight up wax food check this your mother's ass is so big before God said let there be light he told her yo move your big ass out the way oh no come on yo you're going got none of me I did I did check this out your mom's ears is so big did that bitch can you have bacon fried up being Canada? no man that's not my mom's ears ain't dab you but my machine got my ring all seen little food my goodness I've got a taste for bacon got to go tune in next time for another episode of street colonists and accessions my how I love book products of all the best 1251 at Wild in fact that ties in with our show tomorrow is a Julio's really like their pork here's a mobile in deraille hello yes sir I'm a static I'm doing cartwheels as we speak are you? my god thank god give me back thank thank the Lord I'm not even if we just got the hair even if we only got that in the beginning that would be a start oh my god well I'm on my way to get the season tickets now good great that's what I want I'm doing it I want to see this town show it's fat food forward here and then the you know cut loose with a little bit of cash jump on a bad wagon let's stay there and I'll give this guy chance for three or four games and then he goes it will uh well I'm not gonna suck around I want to do things that this shows the the power that you have in his town that's right you know well considering it's a worst talk show in America it's amazing that I have this much power and that well you know this this transition that took place between Julio and this guy and Johnson this thing was already this thing was set this thing was probably done weeks ago yeah and this has just been you know some sort of you know a little set up little window dressing out there for exactly that's right it's a done deal yeah this is just too quick it's gonna find out exhaust radiator was like following a script yeah and finally closing yes sir give me the grab the Johnson alright we have an open line in date 7519463 751 he said something that anybody wants to grab Jimmy Johnson's that what he said okay he'll be a guest on the show tomorrow here's Boca hello I will kneel yes sir yes congratulations must be a payphone are you on a payphone yes you were talking about Boca being dead yeah it is off the road to Paul you Boca blows I know I'm amongst all the cadets here just wanted to congratulate Jimmy Johnson for taking the job and you're ready for the boy away parties for Brian Cox and all the other assholes on that team okay all right see yeah we have don't call us on a payphone will you please I'm not talking to him just just anybody don't call us on a payphone unless so it's absolutely I mean like life and death because they all sound like crap and why is that we keep investigating that we can't come up with an answer probably because some shot of your assholes are putting those payphones out there since it's like isn't that like private enterprise now right everybody's got a bunch of payphones great here's West Palm Beach hello yeah Neo yes sir how you doing okay how the worst phones are people's telephone I think anyway up here in West Palm Beach for the payphone what is that that's a company that's a lot of like a lot of people's telephone to really do it still you quarters listen we've been hearing a rumor up here that they may have an offer for the pastors up here and they've been screwed around by Wayne or whatever it is yeah with price sounds like he's price trying you know up the price panels aren't going to Palm Beach pal forget about that the Panthers are not going to Palm Beach nobody wants to go to Palm Beach oh it's not that bad it is no nobody's gonna go to Palm Beach it's not gonna happen let me ask you where they're gonna play well as the group that made the offer has a stadium title ready so yeah they also want to NFL team up you know you know you know Pittsburgh you know nobody's gonna let me say again there is nobody going to nobody is going to West Palm Beach to a hockey game I'm talking to that right now well if the Panthers go you can come up and see our local team we're not going let me say it again don't take it personally unless you want to we are not going to West Palm Beach we are not driving all the way up there and armoured away the West Palm to see anything listen we're all getting in the bus to go down and buy our season tickets all right come on down here man we're some real life not too much but a little bit it's you me time if we can have a going way party down here for everybody else to be great all right see a thank us lolly sandwich we have an open line on the green line yeah we're gonna have the Panthers in Palm Beach County right we're gonna put them like up there like in Jupiter way up there way up north like what's the northern like in the store it would be good which I don't think is even in Palm Beach isn't isn't that Martin County or some local thing like that let's put it up there like in Fort Pierce so we can have a nice relaxing drive to and from the game here's a plantation hello hey Neil yes sir are you doing okay yeah buddy forgot about me and I have a question for you yeah I call the lolly ghost that everything's so flora to have brown eyes what the hell does that mean you have any idea he has set something after that we had a dump so I would consider the source okay well that's good because he's a jet fan oh is that it so if that tells you anything he's a loser well he ought to know his crap then because if he's a jet fan he's got it up to his eyeballs definitely I'm at least you know we're going to get Jimmy Johnson he's got rich coat tight so I guess he's got a lot to talk about there you go I am very excited about Jimmy being here yeah so I'm one of the few and uh we're strong we'll be all right okay but don't overdo it because they're getting pissed off okay I have a great day but don't don't party too much because they're getting pissed off because they don't want anybody to be positive they love the negativity so you have known that all the time that I've been here anytime you try to be positive on anything they get very upset about that and as much as they bitch it may all you're so negative what do we got to get somebody out of his work positive and then anytime you find something that you really enjoy and as you like oh we're all going to hear about that now that's boring we want to hear a bitch in screaming belly again complain okay you suck how's that y'all suck now they're happy we have an open line on the upper on the uh whatever that line is the the bokeh pom Beach line where they're also ecstatic because we're going to have all our teams up in pom Beach County and everybody like from kennel and down there in homestead we're all going to get on goddamn busloads and truckloads and slip all the way up there right I don't think so here's my me lakes hello hello Neil yes sir okay hey listen I was talking to I was looking last night rather than default yeah what is it like once a week it just goes off on wrestling you talk like for 20 30 minutes on wrestling see that's what I'm talking about he forgot the big story in fact he's not even speculating I mean he's just already announcing it as though it's a darn deal Jimmy Johnson is the new coach and then he went off on all these other things and I mean it's talking first he was talking about boxing and then he went off to wrestling and then my radio went off because I thought what what is this what's the difference between those two I don't get it I'm sorry I don't understand what kind of it like I've said the sports shows in this time they all suck people listen about the story uh Jennifer was talking about necrofeel it we have to pass a law about necrofeel it oh I absolutely what's the guy who's going to testify against the guy who's committing the act by the way I don't know but I think he I think he's kind of quasi-model and it's been hanging out in the entry how many how many people is that law going to affect you think there's morality there's a lot of walking stice out there I think that counts too okay listen there's a let's keep the drugs out of South Beach bars and back in the high schools where they belong all right I think see yeah so it took all of this time and now the porters just discovered there's drugs in the bars on South Beach all my god better late than ever I guess huh they could ask like a school kid somewhere and I could have told them that but oh they just discovered that because they're right on top of it baby and they're jealous because they weren't getting the good stuff that's what it's all about here's a mobile in the Palm Beach hello hello yes sir yeah yes I'm just wanted to address that guy that was talking about the pantas moving to as a Palm Beach yeah let me tell you something there's a good year blimp right now flying all around West Palm Beach with big use pantas sign on the side well I'd prove it to me oh I think they're trying they're trying what trying to get everybody hyped up about them okay they're gonna happen yeah I know I just I live closer to up here and I wish I wish I would but anyway uh go give me Johnson okay later haha you know something I take back what I said before we never want to lose our Palm Beach lines and don't take this personally unless you want to in which case I'd love it but uh it's it's like since we don't have the Tampa stuff anymore we don't have those yahu's over in Tampa St. Pete and this really is a shot because you're not even an ear league but it's like a step away see like this guy he means well but he's stuck up there and there's nothing up there I mean when I worked there 21 years ago wj and on 1975 I've told you this many times you're trying to hear it and it all turned you again it was not bad it was okay and that town has deteriorated and deteriorated and it's just like whatever sign of life that used to exist there it's basically gone and the city itself was Palm is like one festering toilet now and um other net it's okay and so they've become like wannabes another you know well I can't do it down here in Miami so we'll have it up here and I'm not gonna have it up there in other words we're pretty goddamn inept we're embarrassingly inept but I mean if we can't do it down here you really think people are gonna come flocking into Palm Beach County to see like a ball game or a hockey you're dreaming it ain't gonna happen man it ain't gonna happen but I'll tell you one thing not that I want to be selfish or anything like that but that's right out there at the saw grass you know like about a block and a half from my house sounds pretty goddamn good to me so since Wayne is on a right track with all the other stuff why to held not just one more time start your mind please Rick and I I'll even make up don't say we didn't work it's your fault we can't get my name for another name use talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D A but heads it's the one to two hours super close with are you sure oh Miami has the door for the greatest football team we take the ball from goal and goal like no one's ever seen we're in the air they're on the ground we're always in control oh it's just about a fixer he's in the back he says he's at the area he's in control he's got that hair horn you want to know you yeah we go what oh when an ounce of this magnitude has to be pushed back ahead for our because love is going to be speaking for love is holding news conference in force so we got to push back the official announcing a Jimmy sign in the fourth 30 which I think shows you just how screwed up this country's priorities really are we have an open line in Brower at 5249463524 WOD join our very very mediocre party we're having here today I sat down at 10 I thought it was going to be just a tremendous explosion of enthusiasm and then of course when I thought out the default was talking wrestling and boxing last night for two hours and when fat hank was on her trying to make it with some a washed out babe with big hooters now we understand what it's really all about there is no enthusiasm here it continues to be big in the bush here's Haley on the purple line hello hello yes sir all right and I'm gay so hey there all right here's the first honest collar we've had this money and I am definitely going to be roasting a pig today in order of Jimmy Johnson's all right the man is great and sing out I can finally enjoy the game I think you just gave us all a good idea let's heat up the pork today in order for Jimmy yes you know everybody likes Jimmy Johnson why is that there you go he is like Elvis in fact you know something he may be the reincarnation of Elvis that's what I was thinking the same thing you never know everybody loves everybody with Jimmy hey there's always sightings on everywhere right there you go well there's your first gay who your collar all right all right have a nice day and back to your butcher up sweetheart how do you like that another bag Julio but this one's honest he's the only honest when we got well about three or four others there's no reason to be hiding in a closet just because mama seat is going to go upset and you know that that money couldn't think they're all going to be calling your names but hey you can call it back at him because you know that they are too papa seat or who would be happy seat to be really upset because it makes him less much or but he's too busy with his boyfriend he don't got time to worry about him we have an open line with his boyfriend and his girlfriend with the big ass or is it the wife that's now the wife's got the big ass the girlfriends got the big hudders i'm sure i keep getting that confused we have an open line on the purple line and that's for anybody that's got like 18 t wireless and mobile one cell unit that's what it's for anybody that's got a cell phone it works for free now i guess you don't know that do you because you've been kind of shut out for like a year now for over a year they've been shut out thanks to those for our business going with that BS phone service they've been shut out pound i o d it works how do you like that pick it up and give it a shot it works what a miracle i wouldn't met a clay who know whatever that means i don't know that stuff i don't know from those big here's my be lake silo hello new yes how are you today i'm doing very well so far uh long time listener first time color wonderful i was over there this morning at the station and you signed the uh inside a flap of my best of i signed your flap and it was a very enjoyable experience yeah oh at the thank you for that um i heard you ripped me or somebody ripping d for earlier um i heard that people going to be hosting the weekend show on Saturday right that's his punishment that's his punishment i figured maybe they could find like a full time weekend guy instead of having him on Saturday and nickel on Sunday there's nickel got to be on Sunday or that oh no this is oh this is the best part of the deal wait till you hear this which the audience doesn't know about yet the the new morning news guy okay from west palm beach yeah he's not coming he was going to be anchoring the uh Sunday morning weekend magazine and uh he ain't coming and he's not showing up either so you're right nickel bag is going to continue doing Sunday morning until i can find some uh suck some uh clown to come in here actually i heard it from him because what i was waiting in the lobby for the uh city to come back out i heard him say that default can be on Saturday and he's still be here on on Sunday oh my god well i'll give you the reason to sleep in late Sundays or just go somewhere else and leave it on FM maybe or just turn over to waxy and listen to the plant guy well listen Neil i got a stimulus request for you see if you can play the Dave game song Dave game they don't come any game year than Dave all right thanks again buddy have a great life sweetheart bye bye hope a lot of dates and five of you know this computer started to get me really really pissed off you know have i made that clear to you or what because it's like that's why it's in Miami, because it's acrostic its Mickey Mouse ares if you're wonder sey fantasse twercha if you are on the there's liberal And play games all year in. He's a traveler with so rich He's going to size the fabrics they've gained. And with all the factors he really shaped here, they've gained his son of a bitch. And bad as fast as just that in her name. This is Diana Borgut. We're taking you out to a special report from Dave Gay. The all you could eat fucks eggs. Are they advertised? Dave? Thank you Diana. We're here at the local schumer. Kind of gun undercover. Ah, Dave. Undercover? That's right. Undercover. I'm approaching the all you can eat salad bar for seven times. Sir, don't you think you've had enough? I thought this was a buffet. Yeah. But I thought nothing. You're asking me. Do you want to see you? Turn to see taxi news, Dave Gay. Yeah, he's can't be quite. He's even bigger than Jeff Harder. Dave Gay. Oh, I could've told you, Brad. He's so hard with no size. Oh, Dave Gay. Okay, that's it. You beat almost everything. Where are you going? Here, let's go. I have enough. I'm my daughter. I'll call out soon. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, love you. What's there, kid? I'm not going to be here. I'll send you a call. I'll send you a call. I'll send you a call. I'll send you a call. I'll send you a call. I'll send you a call. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, love you. What's there, kid? I'm a little bit older, which is why the KKD news threw it on a channel 4, which used to be channel. Seriously, they take it off the air. So we ought to give them a second chance. One 13 at WIOD. My name is Harvey Weirman. I'm an attorney at Lawn, Tamarack, Florida. I listen to the Phil Handrails show because I haven't been able to wield myself over to the radio. Turn to another state. I can't get over to the radio. Oh, I can't. Two to 60M on news, talking entertainment radio. Where's the 16WIOD? It down on your hands and knees and lick my boot. No. No. No. No. You're so funny? No. No. No. Please. It's a piece of crap to me. Can't hardly hear my words. Whatever happened to, the rice will love me, do. We made my go Jackson one rich mother. John would like this much. We used my hands across. And now we feel so cheap. So, give me a second chance. This song's at the end. I'm not a traffic will worry. No. There should not be a hand. And there'll be all the birds. Turn to another piece of crap. This is why you asked me to show it. I can tell you that. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. I'm not a fan of the song. Well, that's typical Miami. We want Jimmy, but now we don't. Same thing with the Marlins. We want a baseball team. But now we don't. Only if they win World Championships in the first couple of years. Right. How come the Panthers lost a couple of games on his trip and thank God they're leaving? Well, I called you last week because I'm that a free agent, a packer fan. And I still have that option with that team if Jimmy doesn't turn out. You're keeping your options open. Right. I have a question for you about Wayne. Yeah. He wants a free stadium. All the gate receipts. All the concessions. All the parking. Plus TV and merchandising and all that. Right. And he expects to get that. I mean, is he going to get that somewhere? No. Are other owners getting that anywhere? Oh, no. I don't know. He's going to sell him. They're gone. They're going to Nashville. But when the bands you want near up puck. I mean, is that just really outrageous or... Yeah, outrageous. He don't understand the deal. It's like the Jimmy Johnson thing. There's a whole, you know, the caller that called in before. I gave me short trip because I was writing a high on that with this euphoric Jimmy is here thing. But I think he had a good point. The way this thing has been orchestrated. You know, the public was teased and taught it. And, you know, do we want Jimmy? Do we want to don't it be tire and greater things are going to, you know, reener pastures or any other side with Jimmy? And it kind of is a real good cover up in a smoke screen just at the time when probably in about three weeks they're going to be out to the panthers of being sold in Nashville because you people won't build being arena. But look at what a good guy I am because I brought Jimmy Johnson in and this is so much more important anyway. I guess that makes sense. I think the guy was right. Look at what somebody that pat him on a bag. Right. Hey, can you make fun of some blind people? No, no friends blind and I love her. No. Have a great day, pal. Oh. We have an open line. We have an open line in day. It's 751. Do you hear that? Can I make fun of some blind people? Can you see your way clear to doing that? That's bad, man. That's really bad. We got to blind the board-off that works here named Mike and quite frankly he's probably be better in management. Because our manager, well, that's another story. 121, a WIOD, George. It takes a men's warehouse sale. But I'm going to eat a men's warehouse. See, I knew it would work. I knew it would work. For you are so easy. You're so... I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed for you that you're so easy. I wasn't even looking. There you go. That's crap. Well, what do you say about the blind people? Like I said, we got this blind board-off. I think it's hard to think, see. I'm the types of guy with a big square head. I win all my fights except the ones that I'm the types of guy. I'm pounded my comets and showed him that he's shorts. And it's boxing really stinks. I'm the type of guy who always is a nerd. I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt. You're the type of guy that thinks that I'm a bum. So I just said to you that you are the UMP dumb. I'm the type of guy with my even and my bobbin. I only lost one fight and the features name was Robin. I'm the type of guy who makes the people who are the best. Who makes the people who laugh and put them in down. You know, I'm in it and a half. I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare just because I keep all my passion Don't keep hair. I'm the type of guy and the public just attacked me. And if you don't believe it, then you had better ask me. I'm the type of guy that said I'm the pivot kid and a little bit. What you can't but I'm the type of guy. Robin, give him some brown. He could but yes I think that next time I come to my face, I'm gonna keep you in the woods. I'm the type of guy. Don't miss on me on what he's doing. But what he's doing? What's 26 is WK. Can you explain something to me? Why is it that they have to have another trial for Nick on a young and a horny when the perpetrator or the shooting or the rapey in the case, Amy has already come forward and said that she did the shooting. What they have to have another trial for? Because that's the way it is. Because that's because they have to drag it out for another two months. And because we have to have more confrontations with the workman who this time will have a better shiver or something like that. We have an open line on the board just one and look at where it is. It's on a purple line which we opened up for the whole world now and that's sitting there dead, which is really very depressing at Pound IOD. But anyway in the meantime. I am the head done, Shula. But now he's his story. Yes! But now he has Jimmy Johnson. And that's okay by me. But we still have Cox and Cosa. And damn Titanic lips. No. And there's sister Mary Mandage. Yes! The other new ass to lick. It's the same. No. No. My every song is no. My every song is same. Yes, it's just the same. My every song is no. My every song is the same. No. My every song is the same. Oh! Oh! Oh! I like that little hum job there in the end. One 28 must be almost time for the Hummer to come on, huh? So we can talk about playboy bunnies or something like that. How's that bunny barber doing? How's Jim Gallant doing it? Other asshole I used to be here with Mike Abernathy. Oh boy, we could go through all those great stories. They could tell you some very King stories, those who guys. But I'm sure somebody probably would just assume keep him quiet. No. Yes. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Neal? Yes. All along Tom Lister. Okay. I know you like the ponies. And I've got a little pony story for you. The racing story. It's up if you've heard it. Just tell me and I'll stop. What it's a joke? It's a story. Yeah. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 5249463524WioD. Here's Boca. Hello. JJ. You blew the rain stem out. The poor old man he would never admit that his coaching skills started to suck. JJ. They can't always be great. He usually has some pretty good stuff. You know who that was, don't you? Do you know who that was, George? George? Yes. I'm pretty sure it's this guy. Is it it? Is it it? It's not. It's not shit. You are. Oh yeah. That's what it is. But what would be your strength you got in that? Maybe somebody stole his guitar. Was it Miami? He used his good guitar. No, this is the guy who I said they can't always be good in that. I said, which hit you always get you. Sometimes they're. And you are also. All that away. All that. You better drive it around and bring away. You should have been over within their way. All you friends call you the juice. They say, oh yeah, I should take care of you. Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh jay. Man, you could play. I used to watch you over some tackle, now you walk around the tackle of Yene. You're on our tour the time, just remember to leave when you're back to your corner or you'll be walking right in a different ocean. Yeah, that was him. 130 WOD just didn't have the guitar and he didn't have the greatest material there, but that was him. Trust me, I have an ear that's unimpacable. Leave an Ross P. Rowan never had an ear like mine. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, there's the line from the X who says, why you do this to me, Jimmy? Remember that? I remember that. We have an open line in a day, but he was only dreaming. And by the way, this is all a dream too, Jimmy's not coming. Not for Lever Money. Open line in date 751 WOD, what on the green line is in Palm Beach where it's free we pay for it. You still owe one it, which we understand, because it's the worst talk show in America. 1-800-944-4463-18944-4WOD. Here's Miami on a Broward line, Desperado. Hello. It sounds like it's a musical one to two hours. It's starting to be, it's going to be tough to follow up guitar man, but if I may. Yes. Now Jimmy has the dolphins, and he'll build us a team. Wayne took the balls from Shula. Please don't say that's mean. And of an error out of the pound. Now Jimmy's in control. The Don can rest, we got the best. No more Shula balls. Oh, no. I love it. Not bad. How the great day, who says we're not celebrating? Okay. They're celebrating. They're celebrating. A little bit too much. Maybe he was with that bitch from Palm Beach. Maybe they were sharing the same grandma-boon bottle. Of course, I know where she was putting it. We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, and still wanted that. Look at that. See, that one doesn't even have a dial tone. So you can't hear it. Oh, I like that effect though. I like that little squeal. Hear that? It's gone. 1-800-944-4463 in Palm Beach, in Jupiter and Lake Worth, in Lanternah, in Bointin Beach, in Boca, in Del Ray Beach. All those other places up there, which we know we've got millions and millions and millions of people standing by and hanging on every word. 430 this afternoon, right in the middle of the world famous prestigious Phil Henry Show. We'll have the live coverage of the Jimmy Johnson press conference with Wayne and the Guns of Mishpoha. It'll be made official. He's over the dolphin camp right now. He's telling him, he's given him their stories. He's given a walk in papers to certain people over there and tell him, hey, have a nice life. Here's a sandwich from a subway and get out of my face. It's a done deal, baby. It's done and you people should be celebrating and you're not. Because after all, it's just a football coach. Oh, I'm sorry. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No, Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay. That's done. I was a good supporter him, but he's history. Yeah, you've had one of your support. I see you later on the door. It's in the ass. And I'll let other good stuff in for Jimmy Johnson. Yeah. Jimmy Johnson. I'd... We have an open line. I mean, wife and father. Open line in date, 751 WIOD. One on a green line again. Oh, my God. I'm telling you where Yankee those lines out. Right at two o'clock straight up and down where Yankee and the green lines out. You'll never be able to communicate with us again. We've done this with you before. Remember we used to have like the one in the white line and we had the yellow line. Right up there, back up there. They just too cowardly to speak to me. Make no mistake about that. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing? Okay. As happy as I am about the JJ. There's a reservation here. Who does Steven have pictures of? Probably all of them. I don't know. The man's been his friend. He's probably got a hidden camera in the locker room in his showers. I see. I've been in Dolphin fans as a new footbar was. Yeah. The last 10 years have been just painful. You know, every player going to run every day. Yeah. That's right. So does Marv leavey. So I mean, that one of the reasons I was psyched about Schuill again and getting going by by Schuill by by was Steven's and all of a daddy go by by with him. And he's staying. And I've always had the feeling that Marino hated Gary Stevens like poison. It's always screaming at Gary Stevens and calling. Remember that Atlanta game the only reason they got that touchdowns because Marino, he shook off the plan and said, Get out of here. No way. I'm now going to call my own plan. He threw the touchdown pass through O. J. McDuffy or whatever was. I love it when he runs a play that goes like negative five yards. And he just gives Steven to look right. They always show it. But I think that the one imaginative offense in the NFL maybe Jimmy's got to picture on Gary Stevens. Maybe he's going to like whip him into shape. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. After 10 years. You really think that's it. Maybe he's going to be calling the shots. Maybe he's just going to be calling the shots and Gary's going to be a golfer. Gary's going to bring him take out from pizza loft. Well, the other reason Schuill wouldn't get rid of those people is because they all did what he said. He didn't want to have to bring anybody else in and train him. Yeah. Maybe Steven and maybe that would be a good thing. Of course, don't forget. I mean, that's just the story. But it's not a done deal. It's Steven's a stain. That's what everybody is saying. But that's, you know, that's up to Jim. Oh, she said love to see him go by. I would pack him a several sandwiches. Back to college. Go play for East Tennessee State Girl School. Amen. All right. We'll enclose the city. Maybe the city. Maybe the city that would be good. Yes. Have an all girls team up there. You know, girls in from rural badminton or something. But enclose and not everybody from Gainesville is a redneck tough guy. Okay. All right. See you. Bye. Just most. We have an open line in day 751 WIOD. We got one in Browden. We still got one there on the Green line in Palm Beach. You can't even shock them into their sensibilities. You can't shake them out of their Lethige. It's hopeless because we said we don't want to go up there to see no hockey games and guess what we won't under any circumstances. Get that through your head right now. We are not coming, okay? We're not coming to Palm Beach for a lot of money. We're also not coming up there to Mise near park. I know that come. This is a great shock to some of you. But hey, don't take it personal. It's business. It's just too far to come up there and the sit and watch those lovely people at Mise near park. Open line in the green line there. 1 800 it's ringing hours. We speak. 80 people covering the news of South Florida and a guy on the prowl in Washington. Course findings in LA Chicago Atlanta and around the world. That's why you get the best news on news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. It's coming. There. Instruction. And it can the street. It's the apocalyptic music event of the summer. It's the great food there in concert. And if you make it out alive, you'll be grateful too. It's the big refill you're not dead to. Starring the great food there. A bunch of fat, mid-lage men playing psychedelic rock songs about peace and love. While a new generation of angry young fans who totally missed the point right in the parking lot. Because they're pissed off with the boomers for taking all that good stuff. Ultimately forcing local authorities to cancel the show to be been further injuries and loss of life. It's the big grateful you're not dead to her. Coming soon to event you near you. The laps of the back seat seems to be available. Okay. So she's laughing there. I happen to like Briggum's. Yeah, those of you go into the All-Star Game in Boston. You want a great attack in Mildockets sucked into going to the North End in Boston. They do have some good attacking restaurants up there. But many of them are highly overrated. And there's so many of them. You won't pick the really good one. Probably unless you're lucky. Go to a place called Milano's on Nubary Street. Man in the aback pay. It is so good. I'm telling you. Milano's. It is just incredibly. And if you're on a diet though, don't go there. You can't even see if you just enormous portions. And you start talking like this because you're mouth is full of something. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I think the reason why a lot of people haven't been reacting. Why aren't they reacting? Well, I feel that they're smart. They're not jumping the gun. What does that mean? Well, I'm jumping the gun for you. I'm not jumping the gun for you. I'm not jumping the gun for you. I'm not jumping the gun for you. I'm not jumping the gun for you. I think that's why a lot of people don't have to do it. I think it's a surprise if this was like out of left field and they had to like kind of analyze it. But this is what they've been screaming and shouting. They've been going to the games with big bags over their head. And the sign saying we want JJ. You know, this has been a cost 11 is time for a month now. Well, has it not for if I just dreamed of it? I would have to say that is pretty typical in this town. Yeah, that's right. They belly ached it. Well, that's my point. They belly ached and carry on. You know, we don't like this. Give us something else. And then when you give it to them, it's like, well, I don't know if I really think what it is, they want to be popular with the crowd. Oh, is that it? I think that's what it is. That's right. They saw all that they saw the emoting with Tony Segredo and Jimmy Siffle is now they want to like head that morning period. They don't want to react over react and piss off the dawn. It's this respectful. You know, well, um, all I know is I got my tickets all lined up for an excuse. And if they don't want to, you know, it'll make for a more parking room for the rest of us. Well, let's put it this way. I'm not too. I've always liked Don Tula and everything, but I knew there was time for change. That's right. It's not personal. It's business. Can't they understand it's not personal? It's business. That's all right. But, um, you know, not to say in his hey days, he was a great coach. I mean, uh, as far as I'm concerned, he was an offensive wizard. Yeah. I mean, he was the only guy to beat the bears that year. I mean, we didn't exactly have a great deal. But I mean, I had something to remember that we beat the bears on a Monday night during the era. One and 50, 50 and one season. But, so how long do you think it's going to take for Jimmy Johnson to get something going to? Two years. Two years. Yeah. I'm not saying Super Bowl in two years, but two years before we really have a dynamite contending playoff, uh, as kicking team. Well, I mean, you can't expect it overnight. And if they know seriously, if these people are going to be impatient, and they're going to expect like 14 and two the first season, then a Super Bowl of appearance, I think that they're going to have expect to race in that are unrealistic. Well, I mean, even though people are looking to go to the Super Bowl, he's dipping them to the playoffs as the championship last year at Brown to the playoffs this year. So, act well. Why they backed in. They backed in. They backed into the playoffs this year. Thanks to Oakland, Paul and a big lead. And thanks to the fact that Atlanta gave us a game and didn't kick that field goal. And when they did go to the playoffs, he got embarrassed and humiliated so bad that even he was hanging his head like a dog. Well, don't, let's not try to rewrite history. Okay. It's pretty clear what the pain. He just got through saying so yourself, and now you're trying to talk yourself out of it. We're not really. Okay. What do you think about it for a while? We have an open line in date. Seven five. Well, you see, they're not really sure. In other words, it's like I said, like a kid with a toy. Or it's like, it's like people going to a restaurant. And they look over to menu and they say, okay, this sounds really good. I'm going to order this. And they put the order in with the waiter. And as they're sitting there talking and having their 18 martinis, they look over at the table next to them. And the people next to them, who got there a little bit sooner, their entry is being served. And they look at the plate on the table. They said, you know, that other things sounded really good, but that looks incredible. Do you know what I'm saying? So it's like, well, we wanted this, but maybe that's, yeah, right. Okay, whatever you want. Whatever you say, I can't change you. Here's Miami. Hello. Good. What is it? I was wondering, I heard about the Breston largeman thing. Uh-huh. Yeah. Perfect. Here's for Lauderdale. Wait a minute. Like I said, here it is somewhere over here. Hello. Yes, sir. Yep. I just found out today that the Baltimore Oreos are going to be using for Lauderdale Sprint Training Facilities. Yes. I'm very excited about that. Yes. Because I think they're going to go all the way, American Lake East. Yeah. Do you like that? Well, I'm happy for you. Uh, we don't want to talk about boring stuff like baseball today. Pal, okay, there's an old fart. See, that's the only kind of people that care about baseball anymore. It's old farts like him. Like the guy that asked me about the Bob Turley thing. It even that guy don't care about baseball. He just wants to make some cash for Bob's old balls. We have an open line in Broward, 5249463524W outing. Who knows, maybe Bob's old balls are worth something these days, huh? The old bullet Bob guy. All the way to his age, I kind of doubt it. Here's Boint and B, Chillot. How fat is the hummer? How fat is the hummer? Can you weigh him on a scale? Can you ship him through the mail? How fat is the hummer? Hi Neil. Yeah. Being a season ticket holder, I do feel cool. What's all this big scoop that I had the other day that we're still waiting to hear about what you probably made up? Uh, that was already happening. Oh, hi. Yeah. Exactly. I feel like we're going to program the show again. Greg from Boint and Beats folks. See? Now I try to be anonymous. Yeah, right. You try to be anonymous, right? This is the first real call in about a year. Just like Jackie Lee calling in and try to be anonymous. I don't even compare me to that. I feel reborn. I feel it's the second coming of the franchise. I would get season tickets no matter whether Jimmy was hearing not. Just make sure they're not in your mind. No, I'm in the end zone. Oh, but come see you. Oh, yeah. No, the biggest difference that I'm looking for now is past rush. I mean, we're not going to see quarterbacks like Mike Tomzac, Steve Wolch, boomer a size in those yards. Yeah, they're not going to write novels in the backfield. Jim Kelly and the playoff game standing back there with five minutes to pick out an open receiver and pick his nose. Oh, ridiculous. How come man, which has been telling everybody the past three or four years? Oh, you don't have to have a past rush to be a real playoff contender and be a winning team. This man for a guy that played as many games as he didn't took as many showers with the guys. He don't know a squat. Speaking of him, you put him in a room with Tony, Cigretto, Jimmy Sipless, Hank Gold, Turd and Don Shula. I think that Channel 4 Storm Center would have to issue flood warning. Channel 6. Oh, 6. Jack asked. What's the story with that no car? You're obsessed with that. What do you mean what's the story? I'm obsessed with it. I don't think so. No, no, no, no. No, no. No. Yeah. All right. The only other thing. You don't think that's great. It's Larry. What? Okay? No. Yes. No. Yes. No. The only good thing on that WPKM down the dial next to you, Joe Rose. I mean, it's no. What? That gap to Jack asked. Well, if Channel 4 was smart, they would put a big number of four sign between the gap. No, don't you think seriously that a guy who's working on radio in the morning, he's on TV, whatever else he's got going, couldn't he afford to go, or at least Channel 4 they're going to put him on the ear. Wouldn't they put up the money? They got a few bucks for Christ. Like, I mean, they took Dave Game off the ear, so they have to feed him anymore. Why don't they take that money and take this guy that would dentist and get him some bonding there and fill in the gap? I'm not trying to be personal with a shot there, but he looks like a jackass with that thing there. It's ugly. It's hideous. He really is. And he's ugly enough without that gap. He's genuine though. Yeah. Okay, well, listen, I'll arrange a date for it. No, I'm serious. I know that he and Robbie need him or I've been out cheap hunting in the woods, but we'll get you in there. What fit you? Another thing, Paul Pestern over. Yeah. You started the paly thing, didn't you? Yes. Yes. Right. What, he's doing that. And the thing, he has Jeff Cohen from the pizza loft in the studio the other day. Talk about his fingernails. Also. Eating on the ear. Jeff Cohen was in here earlier this morning. But it flashed those grotesque palm tree fingernails around. And now that I find out he's over there, consorting with that asshole with that fat tub of crap with that rip off artist Paul Castron. I'm going to tell you right now. Jeff Cohen can suck my toes. Yeah, well, not only. I guess he's already done that because he said he's done everything in the world. Not only. He's been away with pizza. Oh, conversation. But if you keep this up, I will. What? Go ahead. Then he goes into a still Henry routine with the crank hole. Oh, don't. These people can't be a rich. No. No, that's why he's that's why he's a ripping off old bits and sending him into the satellite comedy service. Well, listen, closing. We'll see. Yes. Gene Jimmy Johnson yet. See you. No, and I don't want to. Oh, God, what a horrendous thought that is. 149. It's all the way. I'll tell you one thing. Anybody who has the Corvette knows how to drive it. 149 at WIOD. Use talk at entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Hi, you're long as approved, right? No. We're out here on the streets of the city asking people what they do for a conduct bar. Excuse me, sir. Yeah. What would you do for a conduct bar? I don't know. Would you kiss me? Kiss you. Just a quick back on the cheek. It's a recondite bar. Okay. Okay. Give me my conduct bar. Oh, you can do better than that. Maybe kiss me full on the lips. And a lips for a conduct bar? Hmm. Okay. Oh, now give me that conduct bar. People are starting to look. All right. I'll give you your conduct bar. But first, you have to kiss me open mouth. With your tongue tickling my UV light. It's recondite bar. Oh, God. Oh. Okay. Oh, God. Why are you looking at ladies for conduct bar? I, yes, about that. Why? Well, you see, I don't actually have a conduct bar. You know, no, but it was very nice meeting you. Very, very nice. I'm going to kill you. Chocolate coated ice cream. So rich and thick, there's no room for a stick. Who would you do for a conduct bar? Don't forget our topic tomorrow. The holios who crave the uncircum-sized penis. Or is it no? I got it wrong. Holy osu-crab the circumcised penis. Not necessarily they're on. Okay. So anyway, it's 154 at WOD. The escrew that all up plus also screwed up because the level was so low. Low. How is that possible? Low. Can you believe that? The one time that I asked about the family business? Low. Michael said no. No, seriously, it was like very bizarre. Maybe the cart was very loud. Hi. Oh, that's what the problem was. That's what the problem was. The cart just like overwhelmed. Because that's one of those old Roger Magalin carts. Hi. You're loan is approved, right? No. See, that would have been better. But anyway, let's go to Miami on a purple line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm going to leave you with another Wayne rip off for the day. Yes? Well, my wife, I was shaper-enting my five-year-old to the circus today. You know they were going through the lunch boxes and taking out all the drinks of the kids. Even after the school said absolutely no way to take any money to the country. What does Wayne have to do with that? Wasn't Wayne's brother-in-law a part owner of the arena? Well, yeah, but I don't think that they, well, maybe they do. I don't know. The Gestapo, of course, Wayne, I think, could have told that. The Gestapo got out there and they were taking all the kids to the kids. Well, they were big guy with a brown suit that always stands. They're cheerly in the crowd that big goofy guy with glasses that always is Wayne's bodyguard when he's at the lucky games. Yeah, he's the one. It's Wayne's just a little bit of a way. Yeah, and they said, hey, sorry. It's part of the arena's policy. Well, didn't hear the music when he went to the circus? That should have given you a little warning right off the bat. That's what I told her. Yeah. That's what I told her. And she says they were taking all the five-year-old drinks out of their lunch boxes. So they can't drink. So they'd have to buy drinks and all the school said absolutely no money. I heard the ringleader with the circus this year was wearing a different kind of boots. Like up to his crox, you know, and we're in at SS, Buckle on his belt. Yeah, they said Wayne's going to sit. Just to go into doing his three-act. Yeah. Well, he's trying to make us forget about all the bad stuff. Don't you understand? And he made two one of our colors to come up with that earlier. And I think he's right. We had almost worked with me as much as I despise that bald-headed geek. It almost worked with me. Almost. Thanks for bringing us back to reality, sir. Hey, you got it. And stay out of there. Hey, Neil, you get in it. Okay. Bye. Well, I'm going to get into Davy myself. We have an open line on the purple line. You won't get on the air, but it sure be nice to see if there's a response out there. Now that our purple line is serving everybody from all the ships that see in the all-eminent boys at home. Because women don't know how to use those things, do they? Here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir? You know, I heard something. You used the blast this guy every day. Oh, it's the guy with the eyes. What was it the horror? The guy with the eyes. Yeah, it's an asshole. The guy with the eyes has the audacity to call here. I've already been through that. Okay. Hurricanes was once the right now. It's a professional coach. Okay. And find a life. All right. You promised us you were going to find a life at the last remote. You didn't do a did you? You're still out there making an incipant calls trying to be a shot to stirber. Go out there and find a life. You get a new boyfriend, too, will ya? Here's North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. A couple of years ago, I read an in-depth article on Jimmy Johnson and the Harold. Yes. A couple of facts from that article that kind of explained his success. Yes. One is that he has a doctorate in psychology from, I think, was university at Texas and his dissertation was an area of motivational psychology, which kind of explains how he can motivate people so effectively. And the second point was he has an IQ of 170. Oh my God. Which puts him in the top 10 to the top 1%. Which is like more than the collective IQ of the entire dolphin football squad. Which means he's up in a level probably with Marv Levy, if not smarter. Oh my God. I would be surprised if he has a little Jew in him somewhere even with a name like Johnson. I think that's a little bit of a possibility, but that kind of explains his great success and motivating teams to national championship. Yeah, that's what it's all about. These people don't understand that. They just, they look at statistics. They look at numbers on a page. They listen to these so-called expert jokes on here. They don't understand what being a leader is all about. Marv Levy took a bunch of dottering old clowns up there in Buffalo and the pound of the crap out of the dolphins and got, we went all well into the second week around of the playoffs and did one way of a job. You sure did? Yep. And does it all the time? Well, we have a coach now that can do it right here in Miami. Okay, well thanks for your enthusiasm. You and the other other six of us. Well, thanks for your program. I really like it. Okay, see you. Bye-bye. So there we go. We found a few enthusiastic people, but hey, I'm never going to do this again. The only thing I'm going to be enthused about is getting my check on Payday and a few free meals here in there and the hockey and that's it. Because they don't like this at all. They don't like this one bit. Don't ever call a show again ever, ever, ever again. And tell me, I'm negative that I'm too much of a star post that I'm whatever. Because you love that. That's why you listen to this show. Even though it is the word show in America, make no mistake about that. That's what you listen for. Hostility and hysteria and whatever. But definitely don't be positive enthusiastic about something. Because, I mean, seriously, this is really, this is like a little microcosm of what's wrong with this entire community. They scream in a belly ache and they carry on like this is the most important thing going in the history of the human race. Since Henry Flagler dropped out in a railroad tracks or dropped out on his pants on the tracks. And now all of a sudden they're going to get what they wanted. And it's like a day when everybody should be just in the greatest euphoria in the history of their lives. And instead, it's like, I would say a mixed bag would be a great compliment. Wouldn't you? Mixed bag at best. Meanwhile, we got 130,371 for a center one. You can call center one at 561, 0078. And order your best of stuff. We got like 20 days to go. We're going to make our 150 grand. We'll be at borders and have a tour of new to to the center day. And of course, as far as all your excitement is concerned, come on just one last time. Are we in thused about Jimmy Johnson? No. Hey, Julio. Call Neil. He misses you. W-I-O-D. Miami Ford Lutterdale. Use talking entertainment radio. No. 16-W-I-O-D.