Talk in entertainment radio, 610 WIOD presents the deal Roger Show. The job to deal call 622 WIOD and day in scored 4-670 WIOD and Rower. Outside of date in Brown, it's toll free 8-8-949 WIOD. The agency wireless and mobile one customers can call for free at Pound Iow. Raw! Now, the deal Roger Show. Oh, Lake cow! That game was worth spotting Neil Rogers and Ali Wood Beach. Then one of those butt-floss bathing suits. Roy! Your leaving, and it's down atる. Emily Foley, sir. The miles are down just here that bacon is farting. On the deck, cans die. I take the brighter stand that you're earest. Oh, right. You can hurt. You really put my amy to the test. New Rogers, always gets no new day. Okay. New Rogers, you're fine, that's a to the bear. Are you sure? Me, Rogers, the only thing I miss when I go. When away, for a weekend, excited, proud of love. But happy anniversary, New York, always love your show. Oh, got these cigars early into the day. Yeah, I'll fit it in. Happy Thanksgiving, it's 1004 at WIOD. What am I doing here today? Boy, was this a bad mistake? Well, just analyze this. We've examined it in our minds. We've all come to a unanimous conclusion. And that is this was a bad idea. And we're going to come back and do it again tomorrow. No matter how bad it is today. We're just debating here who's going to be working this weekend at WIOD. We've decided probably going to shut it down. That would probably be best. I'd rather than suffer all in embarrassment. That's going to go on when the board ops don't show up to one and already gave notice. Hey, don't worry about these things. Okay, because it's a bustman's holiday. So I'll request, thanksgiving today in tomorrow. And of course, it's also, we're going to find out who's going to bring us lunch today. Don't you think we ought to have a thanksgiving a little Joey show up. And he only shows up when there's going to be food coming. Yeah, don't give me that crap. How's your lovely wife doing, by the way? Oh, she's sound asleep with who? So anyway, it's, uh, we'll find out. Somebody must be open. That's also what we want to hear besides your painting. As we request is, uh, from people who are working today and places that are open today. Is there, is there like any store open today? This has got to be someone. Oh, don't give me that crap. No, there's got to be, you know these exploitive bastards. It's not like the old days when every holiday was like mandatory. You would close or you immediately go to hell or purgatory at the least. Not anymore. They figure everybody else is going to be closed. Will be open and grab up all the cash. Because there got to be a lot of pretty bored people. You know how much crap can you eat before the end of the day? So we'll get right to it. We're in a damn thing going on. I see the Leafs got pouted by the Red Wings last night as expected. There's a great story, by the way, about Dave Lowry in the Suncentalist morning. Dave's crew provides children NHL experience. Lowry buys tickets and gives them to these, uh, disadvantaged kids. What a great story. This is so typical. Other guys on the team, not just the way they play the game and the whole deal with that. But just, uh, they're like real people. Nice going Dave of that great, strocco shepherd and Lowry line. By the way, I just thought I mentioned that. And then to show you that not everything is so great. There is a story in here. I was sitting here while Ron and Ron were on with the monitor down reading the newspaper. And, uh, like here every day. And there's a, that Allen King. He does it for me. I don't know about you, but Allen King. I mean, I'm an old fart and even I don't want to hear Allen King. But I'd rather hear of. Let me first do that. Back King or Queen. But the man, did you read this story or hear about it? Man indicted in death of one year old left in care. And it's like a little blurb, which most people wouldn't see it. I hate to appear on your parade on Thanksgiving day. But this is, this is so typical. What is with people? Are they out of their minds? A grand jury in Broward County on Wednesday, and that it a lot of Hillman on a first degree murder charge in the death of a one year old girl, left in his care. Everett Dwayne Carter also was charged with sexual battery on a victim under younger than 12 and aggravated child abuse. Carter 23 told Broward Sheriff's Office detectives that while he was watching Bridget, is it or on November 5th he molested the girl? One year old. When he started bleeding and crying, what a surprise that is. Carter said he tried to com or don by tossing her in the air and catching her. Oops. The game ended when Bridget fell, hitting her head against the table. Carter told he detectives as in dead. What kind of, what are we dealing with here? You know what I'm saying? What are we dealing with? Of course we'd much rather worry about O.J. and Fry his ass if we could, but we're never will. But we'll get all his money anyway, what's left. But I mean, what is this? What are we talking about here, boys and girls? I just thought I mentioned that to show you that even though it is Thanksgiving, there's still a bunch of assholes running around on a loose. Here's Miami. Buenas deez, happy Thanksgiving. Happy Thanksgiving, Neil. And back to you, Turk. I'm out in whatever you are. I'm glad you come. Glad you're on today. I'm on. You're on, right? We're here. We had tapes this morning. We got more tapes this afternoon. We got tapes up the record. Here at WOD. And I figured we'd better have one live show anyway. Well, I'm glad to have a good look at it. We are out there and we're glad that you are doing it on the air. And there's a good one. What else are you going to be doing? Well, I'm going to be watching football later. What time is that first game start? Not want to clock out. I think noon. No, I think. I think so. Oh, no, please say it. Oh, no, please say it. I think it is. It's fun in me. Well, that would be a waste game is that. Hopefully that's the Lions game, huh? Usually is. Oh, well, nobody's going to watch that. Lions in Kansas City, what a what a what a piece of Post that is. I mean, the big game is when the redskins are going to pound the ass out of Dallas this afternoon. We're going to watch every second of that. I'm going to be screaming and jumping up and down for those damn cowgirls to get it. They will. Yeah. They will. Why are you showing them the way they all know how to really take it up to the old Bracdom now? Well, we are going to tell you that the fans are out there listening to you. I'm an ex-New Yorker and I'm glad that you do a show for us because nobody else would do it. Okay, pal. I wanted to get one request if I could. Yes, sir. I know you don't like to play it, but if you get a chance today, would you play young Neil? You know something I knew as soon as you said, I know you don't like like to play it. How did I know? Do you know what I'm saying? Well, I'll tell you. As soon as you said that, I knew exactly what you were going and I'm sorry, but I grew up, you know, two minutes from Yorkus raceway by the way, an old stomping grounds during my heyday. Where's Bulla Bulla, Bob Meyer when we need him? And let me let you. You mentioned it a lot because I know you're in the harness racing. You mentioned Carmine a lot, but you don't mention her, they fill you on that much. No thanks, but they use a friend of Jackie Lee. Can't be a two good. The two biggest chasters of the day, and that's where it's for me when I was growing up. And we loved it. I spent a lot of my misspanth youth at the track. And even when we were under age, they still let us in somehow. I don't know why, but they did. And don't forget the favorite of all those grease balls Jimmy Marron. Have a great day, pal. You too. You're on Neil Hobbit right at down because it's not in the DCS. But it is unfortunately on one of those damn things. Unfortunately he said, Well get two of it. It's on the nuggets. Oh, geez. Okay, so we'll get to it. We have an open line of day six to two WOD. Boca Palm Beach. We got two open lines for you. We pay the freight. How do you like that? One triple eight nine four nine WOD. It's going to be easy to find is what he's saying. And don't make no excuses. We got no news today, by the way. This is, you don't have to have like Coke Light and Pepsi Light. This is WOD Light. Starting as of September 30th, this became WOD Light. In other words, we got rid of the excess baggage. We got rid of like, you know, contact with the outside world basically. So we have no news. We have no board ops. We have no anything. But we're just here holding up the fort while everybody else is out there dealing around. But then of course we've always got. So, you know, I can't be all bad. Here's Papino. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Kurt, this one up for you. You're listening to Neil Rogers, the only Jack and the only individual who's got the guts to do anything. I'm Thanksgiving Day. Yeah, that was great. I'm an old-fashioned, and I used to listen to you way back when. Yeah, you're a mixture gunner. Yeah, you're a catered age. I never was on Keener. Oh, I thought you were. Yeah, right. Whatever you say. Well, WKN, and I still can't find those jingles by the way. So just by the way, if you want to find those jingles. No, we got them around here. Don't panic. We got them somewhere. Oh, I just, Keener's now in battle creek. And I was listening to them up there when I was up in Michigan. No, that's not the WKFR. They've been there for over two. No, okay, NR-1400. No, WKNR is in Cleveland. I thought they were still up in battle creek. Wrong. WKFR. They call it Keener, but it's used to be owned by the same outfit. Yeah. Colleters went to Cleveland. Don't mess with me with my radio knowledge, okay? Oh, okay. I may not know much else other than a few hockey players. Old-time hockey players, but I know my radio stuff. I know my old-time colleters. Yeah, well, I don't know how to do light. Yeah, I would do light. Yeah, I would do light. Without the news, without the panning S information, without contact with the outside world. We're just here in this little building. It's a very nice building. It's fairly new. It's clean. It's fast-dittious. And we're just isolated from reality, which is probably good. Yeah, they want to be involved with all these stupid stories about these child molesting assholes. I say, fry their ass right away. Let's just, you know, not waste any time. That's one sick puppy. Let's do it on my tell. Let's just fry this guy's ass and move on with life. Yeah. Well, in the meantime, you have yourself a very safe and happy, thank you. Okay, you have yourself, too. Thank you, care. Okay, keep care and take whatever. What the hell language was he speaking? We have an open line in date, 629463. We have an unbrower at 766. We're actually getting the ton of calls here today, more so than usual. And that's because everybody's off. Did anybody call it off for us lunch yet today, by the way? No. And by the way, we don't care what supermarkets are open. This is just like when we don't know here. Yes, we do. Why? They're not going to send us food. But maybe I would like to know. When did she open? When did we get all these people calling up a ton of food? When did she open before? Telling us what and came art. What about publics? They're all closed. We don't want people calling with, uh, what kind of food does we like so? What kind of food does our own people are open to call us? What kind of food does our own people call us? See food? Seriously, who cares about came art? That's what they're calling and Walmart. Well, I did ask the question, when are you so sorry about you little miserable spik? Because all we want is here from our people who say, we're open. We're now you're telling all we want to hear from. I want to hear from anyone who's alive today tomorrow. It'll be a major miracle. Every line is walking out there. Also in other words, they're bugging you with it. Like I said, keep calling. So anyway, it's 10 13. Boy, you are really, certainly. And you're the one that said you wanted to work today because you wanted the extra pay. I said, you wanted to work today. I said that lessons the pain of it. You didn't say that at all. If you would have just said it's a bad idea. I'd be sleeping right now. I don't care. I've gotten up a lot later to clean up my little dogs. Yeah, that's a new deal I got now. Oh, yeah, he just, all over the house. It's just a little surprise. He's not too happy. I went to an education for while I had to put him to put up with my mother for about nine days. And now he's giving me a response all over the place. I mean, for a dog that weighs 10 pounds, when you can really, you're on weight on the floor. You're doing a hell of a job. I'll tell you that. Can you imagine if El Goldstein could his own weight? They'd have to have a whole building for him to work in 10-14 at WOD. Well, we got a lot of people at a full of crap. How about if Rory could do his own weight? Man, I think he is. He's just walking. Soon the world will change forever because of 610 WOD. In Bangladesh, street urchins will quote Ron and Ron. In Marikech, political prisoners will salute Rick and Sine. Oh, Lord. And it's an attic. Alter Boys and Training will discover the word. The Corning to Neil Rodgers will be on and run. Neil and Rick and Sine's 24 hours a day live to the world. Coming soon to computers everywhere. From talk and entertainment radio. 610 WOD. And beat the Gator Meat. Now back to the Neil Rodgers program on 1240 WOD. Here again, America's youngest dog show host. 610. Neil Rodgers. Okay, I'd guess for Don's Mail. And there's four minutes left in the hour. Let's take some calls. Only, hello. Yeah, Neil, how's it going? Great. That's good. What's the right care for my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle? Oh, the good old DNC. What an abortion that paper is. Then I asked how many other people did likewise. And they said, not on my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice of there. Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know. Your son, American, have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Hello, my own. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil, you're a stinky pink old blue sniff and bedwater at a pansy. Great call. This is the day so far. Did he say pan-he? What does he get off? My mum brings. I run my bike through the malls every Saturday to the show. And this guy calls me named. She might use her. She might use her. Same on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bag boys at the new MP? No, what are you cackling about? Hey, this is my car. A million producers. The world in the day sticks me in here with an egg. She has my car. Then a cat will hello. How are you? You're used to being such a nice boy. Come out of your cell. Yeah, but you can't share it off. You can't share it off. I don't eat this. It's offers from other stations. Petavia, Almarra, Fred Doia. But instead, I stay here and entertain you, grow test. Subhuel and doodabag. Unbelievable. Can you be alone? Oh, is this new hodders? Look at the phone are you on sir. How fast again? Do you have a dial phone or what? No, I had to put it to the operator. Who? Let's see. Let's look into that. Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKB. Somebody asked me. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't any more. He's a dodgering old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, right. Do we be true in two? Oh, she's trying to get a girlfriend. And if you think he's bad now, wait, Joey has to. Oh, boy. Okay, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell. But I hope not. Well, it's really something to be thankful for. I'm even playing at these aircrafts. So we must be in a really good mood. And we'll be really thankful when the max decides to fix these remote starts and all these things in here. But hey, Ron was built in the day, and of course, he's out of the tutelage of your breath. So I don't hold your breath. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing this morning? Great. Good. That was none. Was it? No, how is watching the highlight this morning? I don't want to see it. I want to hear about it. Yeah, Brendan Shannon had the hat trick. Good for him. Yeah. Hey. I wonder how all the guys wives on a team feel, by the way. Oh, and also the rumor has it, you know, the Tampa Bay lightning? Yeah. The rumor has it that Phil S.B. Z. To his daughter is spreading stories that the Russian guys are hung like a moose. Oh, she married that cellophon off. Oh, God. Yeah, S.B. Z. Whatever is happening. Hey, this is something. I was listening yesterday the news that one guy who who doesn't do this. Steve, I'm the guy that can't do this. It's a swallowing problem. Yeah, he said the whole, the Panthers won. But the reason they won is because, ah, Ah, I should wasn't in or something. Yeah, and didn't. I nailed him later. It turns out he's from Buffalo. He's a Buffalo hole. Oh, he needs an asshole. He needs this. Yeah. He needs to go back up there. But anyway, you got to do something about that news. I'll tell you that. We got the traffic I've been doing. I'm going to be an engineer. Oh, God, give us strength to get through this deal here. Yeah. That's Steve Nickel. This guy's got an imagination. Yeah, I have to work today, so I just wanted to wish you. Do you know what, what are you doing? I'm a, uh, porker. A porker? Yeah, I'm a porker. Oh, my. But anyway, I've listened to you have been listening for a while. And I'm a big fan. Great. Hey, I'm not a big, rick-rally fan. So if you have it, you could, uh, you could play Rick Riley. Was that rick-rally stole my fruit? You know, it's, you know, it's, I must be psychic today. I wish to help a track was open tonight. I should go in media for you not sooner. As soon as you said, Rick Riley knew you wanted to hear that. All right, Neil. Have a great day, pal. Go right to him tickets. Okay. So we got a porker out there listening. How do you like that? Rick Riley stole my briefcase. Where is that George? It's in here. I know damn well it's in here. Oh, geez. This thing. Like I said, this thing. Once upon a time it was really like useful almost. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. Where the hell am I going to find it? The stupid. Oh, look at that. We also have the Rick Riley Boca Brand song too, which we haven't played in a dog's age. I might have to dig that out. Come on. Come on. Let's get with it. If you lost it or what? Have you lost it totally? I mean, what's Roy going to think about this? She's Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I liked the park in his face. That's Marmy Dink. What gives him the right? Oh! I think his wife bought a bite at up to night. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What does Drace do to human race? Oh, Rick, you're a smuck. And go bersucks. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt bone bone bone. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like a part in his face. Hey, who you'd help? Rick Riley, you're an asshole. Did he say asshole? Yeah. So anyway, he did. 1025 in W.I.O.D. And it's all request Thanksgiving Day. They're all getting ready. We haven't heard from nobody. It's going to bring us to Thanksgiving lunch today. So nice sliced turkey would be nice or anything would be nice to be honest with it. I bet Wayne is open today. I bet your pony tail is open today. Huh? We'll find out who our real friends are out there. Some of those guys. I mean, who would help wants to take a turkey anyway? There's going to be enough turkey for for our goldstein later on in the day. Why they'll not have something a little bit more with little taste in it. I've got some ideas. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I wonder if you could help. I'm legally blind and I didn't hear. Could you tell me what time the college cowboys are playing and what channel? 4 p.m. And of course it would be on Fox. It'll be on Channel 7. 4 p.m. Yes, sir. Channel 7. Uh-huh. Thank you, Neil. Pat Summaryl and the John Madden. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in Brown. I hope I got that right. Did I? Oh, geez. If I gave him a wrong information, I'm going to die and go to hell immediately with not sooner. Boy, do I hope? Huh? Come on. Where's the page this paper today? Just loaded with crap with Kakka as usual. What's the deal with that? Where's the NFL page? We don't give it to him about the university to the Huracouans. Okay, screw them. We know the only big game of the weekend is going to be Saturday as far as colleges concerned and the leaders are going to beat the snout out of FSU. Not that I really care, mind you. I don't care. I'm not really rooting and touting for anybody in that game. I'm more power to both of them, but it's going to be ugly. Where's the, where is this thing? Where's the stuff? Where's the meat? Where's the damn beef in here in this stupid paper? Too many pages of ads. Add after add after add for places that anybody will open today. Okay, here we go. 4 p.m. like I said, I got to ride redskins and cowboys on seven hits on schlacks. Here's a candle on a mobile. Hello. What's happening now? Yeah. Give it to him. Give it to him. How you doing? Okay. Happy Thanksgiving to you. Uh huh. We got a gobler on here. Are we a living gobler? No, not a gobler. I think you are. Do you think so? Uh huh. Well, only sometimes. But anyway. Go. Lord of state that you mentioned it. I don't know what's going to be a rough game, but I think Lord of state. I'm going to do it. Can't beat that gator meat. That story you read in the newspaper today. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Disgusting. People like that. Disgusting. I have a child of my own. I have two children. Actually. And the thought of that. You know, I understand. One year old. I know. And on unbelievable. Unbelievable. That is me. Children. I mean, somebody out of these people a blow up dollar. Something just to try to drama die for him and say this. The way life works. You know what? Mutilated. Mutilated. Mutilated. Yeah. But anyway, enclosing. And closing. Have a happy Thanksgiving. Thank you for being on the air today. You really made my day. I was expecting a taper or the turkey parade or something like that. Well, believe me, you'll get plenty of tapes. So we got tapes up the ass here this weekend. So I love to stick around. Have a great life, pal. Take care. Say goodbye. Open line on the mobile pound IOD. It's 1029 at WIOD. Talk in entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Okay. 1033. Now yesterday, Scott the Long guy who's a wonderful human being. Believe me. You have no idea how wonderful. But anyway, so he had given me a tape a group name. Sublime. And they're version of I Smoke. You're joining the morning. And I think I played about 30 seconds of it. Except because it really blows. Sorry, Scott. So little Joey had called the other day and we'll see whether he's going to come up with a good one or our one. This is who the winner is. The win jammer is okay as in jamming. Roll jamming. He jamming. He jamming. One pretty week. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. All right. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I'm up late. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. I smoke two times. Then I smoke two more. But my m machines was cold mess, we're halfworkin man. My daddy was cold messin. Get through the best you can. Well, it's not good enough. So anyway, Joey, thanks, but it blows. OK, I mean, what's wrong with that other one? It's dynamite. Where the hell is it? I don't hear it. Do you hear it? Oh, I don't hear it. Can I ask you a question? Who's been in here, paulching around Wayne, with everything on the board? Every thing is like, configured in a wrong thing. And it's all screwed up. Of course, that's the cross in it. Guys, I'm in Bear-Az. Maybe it was wrong. No comparison. That's what I kind of like a little stick for. Let's go to join in the morning. I hope to join tonight. I hope to join in the afternoon. It makes me feel alright. I smoke to join to Sam and me. And who is time of all? All right. I hope to join before I smoke to join. And say that I smoke to more. Oh, my daddy, he wants to meet. He's a newbie. I'm working man. For my master, he wants to meet. He's a newbie, best you can. But then one day, I met him. He came from me and said, hard work, good, and hard work, fine. But first take care of him. So now I smoke to join. When I get up, I'll be in the car. I smoke to join. I smoke to join. When I'm the video game. And then every 10,000 points, I smoke to join. I smoke to join. He's time of peace. And two in time of work. I like to. I smoke to join before I smoke to join. I say that I smoke to more. I smoke to join. Oh, my daddy, he wants to meet. So you'll be hard work, fine. So now I smoke to join. He wants to meet. So you'll be best you can. But then one day, I met him. He came from me and said, hard work, good, and hard work, fine. It makes me feel alright. I smoke to join. He's time of peace. And two in time of work. I smoke to join. And then I smoke to more. Oh, to join. That's what I do. Oh, to join. I smoke to join. I smoke to join. I smoke to join. He wants to meet. Oh, to join. He's so strong and strong. I smoke to join. Oh, to join. God. He wants to join. Oh, to join. Oh, to join. You want to sit down? Oh, to join. Oh, to join. Oh, to join. But anyway, so it's 1038 WOD. That's the definitive version. Make no mistake about it. Me not have been the original, but sometimes the imitator be the best, right? That's what Paul Castro novel always says. Here's a pig report in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir, I've been giving it back to you. There are out in force. Oh, and it's just had a poker call a little while ago. He seemed like a real benevolent guy that wouldn't write you ticket for more than 500 bucks. That's right. I heard him. I heard him. Yeah. They're listening. They're getting all. They decide to give the criminals a break today. Yeah. Well, we got a real shortage of money. Maybe we'll find a lot of money to Joe Carrillo. Now, and we can get the city of Miami out of Hawke. They've got a feeling there. There's a lot of orders. Yeah. We're in our where is it? 874 as you get off of the 88, you know, a candle drive turn off there. I wouldn't go over 20. Just don't get off. Yeah. Don't get off. Okay. All right. Neil, have a good one. Thanks for the warning. All right. See you. Thanks for being on here. Okay. Yeah. The audience is very grateful that there's one live show that somebody somehow shot decided to come in today and say these stupid tapes and a lot of stupid part timers going to live really like that on the air just filling in the gaps. That's a bunch of crap. I wouldn't be surprised if we even show up on Christmas New Year, but we won't. We won't. Those are Mondays. Two by the way this year. Hallelujah. Yeah. It's a real piece of crap when those days turn what they're not. What they is it on? Well, I hate to break the news to you, but if it's Wednesday, then somebody's got this all screwed up because it says, oh, you know what? Oh, my God. Tracy. I thought Tracy was perfect. You have an old copy. He gave us the corrected. Oh, he's got Saturday, December 23rd. We're doing a thing and it's 21st. Yes. The Saturday before Christmas because I was just so that's even better. That's even better. Now it's not really even better because then where the hell can you go? We're moving. We're moving Christmas day to Monday this year, whether you like it or not. How do you like that? We want a long holiday weekend. What kind of crap in all Wednesday? Which breaks up your whole week? That blows. That sucks. What kind of crap is that that you decided to get born out of day like that in the middle of the week? Doesn't he know you're supposed to get born out of either a Friday or a Monday, so you have a long bust mentality vacation weekend and you can go to Rome again and see all the getkeys over there to Vatican. How can a China crawl around in their little smotters and throw in their last few, uh, lira to the Pope so we can go out and rent some more altar boys. Here is North by me, Pete. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm a little a myth now that I find that Christmas and New Year's are on a Wednesday. Yeah, just when you said Monday I looked at my camera. Well, the only reason I figured that because I'm looking at this, this schedule here, it says Saturday December 23rd. We're doing an appearance, but it turns out to be the 21st. You need to beat your promotions manager. Yeah. I, uh, we're close today, but I'm actually working. Doing what? We have a deeper in a cell phone company. Yeah. And it's the only day that the phones don't ring up the hook that we can get any kind of real work done. Great. So, uh, She only day here for me, the phones are ringing off the hook. It's a beautiful thing. I guess that's good. Well, because everybody, I figured it usually, I'm Thanksgiving on the major holidays. It's like this because they got some time. They got no excuses. Getting enough of the way. They're very busy. They're very, especially the women. They call when they finally get one on there. She hangs on for like 15 seconds. And then, uh, she's too important. She's got to go finish her nails. Finish her shopping. Right. Well, tell all your listeners to get stuffed. Okay. Have a great day. And I think, uh, somebody said this morning, the early game is 12 30, but I think that might be the pre-game. I think it probably kicks off at one, but who cares? Well, yeah, Detroit and Kansas City. I mean, you got to be a, you got to be psychotic to watch that. That's two losers are going head to head. Unless you like seeing Wayne Fonds and other fat guys have a great day. Alright. Yeah. By the way, Wayne Fonds is out. He's going to be long gone. He's going to be dead meat. We have an open line in day, 6229463, 6222, WIOD. It's almost like we're giving crap away today. Well, we are. We're here. That's our present to you. So we'll call you about the food, by the way. Nobody. Hey, but Kmart's open. Well, nobody called and said we would love to bring you food on, uh, for lunch today with a little joy there. And we know you guys are starving. And you're entertaining us out Thanksgiving day. And came into work, which nobody else is doing. And the whole damn station is tapes. Nobody called and said we would love to bring you a bunch of crap. Come on. Bring us a bunch of crap, will ya? Even ponies hailed didn't call. Horde nearly is like, who was here just the other day. I'll guess he already did his duty by stopping by Wayne Arnold's. God forbid that he should bring us by something really good. Here's the West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, come on Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. Thank you for performing a community service today in being there. Yes, I am. I think this should be the headline in both newspapers today. Rogers works on Thanksgiving, giving us something to be thankful for. Exactly. Everybody's going to be yanket on the old swishbone today. I don't want to change the pace of the show, but I didn't have a radio accident last week. I had it this after. Work late. Head in for the bar. Like pop on a radio. You're not going to believe. You don't believe it. Gilbert was talking to Dickie Farco. Some West Palm Beach space. Oh, boy. Well, at least he found his own level now. He found a perfect spot to land. So I turned it off right when he bar left it three. Turn a radio on. It's still the same station. I'm not kidding. Joey Reynolds on some kind of how to improve your life talk show. How to improve his life. That's what he needs to find out. Oh, it's on. He's given people advice. Oh, my god. I am that him right. It's a lady on a neighbor given advice on how to, you know, relationships and crap. It's like 330 in the morning. How does the horse workout plan? WBDT. I'm not sure. WDT. Yeah. But I mean, in the same day, it was a disaster. My, my, my. Look at that. Yeah, if you would have just heard blind Mike Callen Rick and Suds, it was probably on the same day. You'd really had a traffic. You'd probably go home and blow in somebody's brains out. Hey, I've got a request, too. Yes, sir. Can you play trained Austin? Yeah. I like to dedicate the train to Austin. You know, she showed me some pictures of roping. She was so fine. Oh, kiss her. Yeah, kiss her. Yeah, that's what it is. That's exactly what it is. My son's an engineer with a railroad up in Illinois. Yeah. And if you could play it, I like to dedicate to him and all the three Spagging engineers on the Illinois Central Railroad. Okay. I'll stick around for it. See you. Appreciate you being there. All right. Chow. So where am I going to find that? Good question. Wasn't it on a cart that disappeared and we couldn't play it anymore? No, no, no, no, no. We had it back after that. It was probably like how one of the old, I would say it's on here at the best of 92. That's my best personal guess and guess what it is. Well, I haven't lost it. I'll tell you that. You're supposed to be the hot shot that knows all this crap. But of course, in 7-1 and 10-ling it. I guess it's a little bit, you know. No good, no excuse though, but I'm old and the feebral. So anyway, what tell did he say it was the train to Austin? I'm really thinking about whether I want to play it or not. If you get a title that far screwed up, you know what I'm saying? There it is. What is it called? I don't know what it is. No, it's called, where the hell is it? Now there's more I'd like to do. Are you sure? I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. So I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I want to whisper, so even up in the zipper rear. I want to hold her behind. Rectom. Those doors and four. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. When she returned, she said she was an actress. She showed me an album of pictures of her opening, which he then said none. She seemed as sweet as she could be. But I could clearly see she was the kind of girl who stole man's hearts. She's been wrecked up. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper, so even up in the zipper rear. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and four. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Well, never forget the dream right down to Austin. We're say you're the sweet, and we shared our tales. But as my heart's touch, the leave are behind. The regrets are all I've find. Because I've always thought you'd better. In the end. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper, so even up in the zipper rear. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and four. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Ten 49 at WI-D did we like Mr. Break there or something? Not yet. What do you mean? We didn't do the third one, and we did do the third one. We didn't do it, but we better do some spot. Ten 49 at WI-D, I just said it. Okay. Well, that was short into the point. Tell me how much I had my cigar in my post. What do you want? I'm not smoking at Don't Get Roar. I said, yes, I am. Okay, how's the food coming by the way? Why do you have a blank look on your post? Like, so in other words, nobody loves us anymore, huh? That's really gross. Can you imagine the billions of pounds of crap that are being consumed today and also being excluded at the same time, but shortly later? I mean, we're going to sit here starving to death, because nobody gives a crap about us being here on a holiday. That really is outrageous and disgusting. Well, that's good. Well, that's good. About being a Dallas Cowboys fan. Yes. He talks about a song that you have for a throw-a-cman. Yes. Can you play for me? Every great day, sweetheart. How's that for service, huh? Yeah. Okay. See you. I wonder if four likes to wish a bone off and see it himself. We're in this quarterback, it's lonely. All right. She likes receivers that are white. Some people say that number eight is gay. They say trough loves the big bright. A-cman. You go down on a scheswig-man. It's guys he likes to please a h-cman. He loves to slap cowboys on their behind. Welcome. He's got a spotless reputation. A Marcus team is world renowned. But his drug aid, I've heard some people say... They've got him the hard or he goes down. A-cman. All right. He goes down on his knees, a-cman. I like it. I like it. I can some balls to squeeze a-cman. Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind. I'm going to tell you they're going to take a loop in today, man. I just can smell it. I can feel it. I think that the red skins are going to do it. He's sure he's going to put them over the top. He's not going to play, but he looks pretty good on the sideline. We have two open lines in day. He does. He looks good. He just can't play. What's wrong with that? Gus Farot's got that big guap nose, but he's been playing. I don't know what's with them. I have no idea what's with the red skins or the pig skins or the four skins. But they're doing it for some reason. And a cowboy's, you can just smell it. Maybe Lee on Luttle bring some of the good stuff today. What did this great that team is, man? There's a good bunch of old models for all of the youth of America. It's the Dallas Cowboys baby. And they're worried about his Troy maybe like a pack in it. Maybe he wants to play for the Packers. We have two open lines in day. 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3. We have nobody bringing us no lunch today. Which Joey is thinking about why did he come here and spend an hour trying to find the studio. We have really lost it. Look at how hard we had to work to get our friends out. They give us 85,000 cases of soleo water. There's no time to tell him. Joey, thank you. Thank you. Oh, yes today, Lorenzo said that breast sailla. And mozzarella. Oh, god. Oh, god. You could go right to Italy. And I'll give, Bryce sailla. Which is kind of like an Italian chip beef. But it's not all that great. But it is. It's really kind of like a red meat. Every see any red meat. But man, is that sensational. Thank you David Lorenzo. There's a guy. There's a sponsor who cares about us. Lorenzo is they give a crap about us. Some of these other people, you know, whenever they can use this manipulatus and whatever they need us. By the way, if you bought a spot on a station, it's not been running. Don't worry about it because Mary's under a lot of stress. And so is George. And so is Wayne and so is Adam. But hey, it's a but hey. Let's go to sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Hi, happy Thanksgiving. And back to you. Did you happen to catch any of the Pittsburgh Montreal game? No, I did not. Two to tie by the way, I understand. Yeah, I watched it. Two Barnes played an awesome game. Did he really? I'm a huge fan. I want two back. We want to back. We did change our mind. We want to back. They broke my heart when they traded him. Yeah, I love Stubborn. I do too. Let me take a look. Did he get any points in acting? No, he didn't. But he got named player of the game. Really? Yes, he did. Player of the game. He played awesome. The rest of the team blows. Hey, it was making awesome has to sit and up the guys. And they were doing nothing with it. He looked so frustrated. I just felt so bad. I see Yager got his 19th who leads the league, by the way. Also, he Patrick Frog was like a human civ against the Rangers last night, which is good for us because the Rangers aren't going anywhere. And Colorado now has got two games in hand on them. We still got a point on them. We're still first in a league. How do you like that? I love it. So the Lancia are falling. They're having an avalanche right on their ass. I like it better when the Rangers lose the most. Yeah, but do you don't have to worry about that? They got plenty of losses coming soon. I know. How about my Leafs? Yeah. They got crowned. Stroud. That's a rough year. We'll be all right. We'll be okay when Tim Horton comes back. All right. I want to call him. Wish I happy Thanksgiving and let you know that. Well, I'm being pressed out on the press. We want Stewie back. Let's start a campaign. You and I. We want Stewie back now if not sooner. Can we send him something? We should send him something to Pittsburgh. Let him know everyone is Florida. This is him. Okay. Well, send him a big killbasa. Have a great day, sweetheart. Bye-bye. What a great guy. Stu Barnes. Everybody loves Stu Barnes. And then we get these ass-lickers calling it. Oh, no, this Chris Wells is going to be great. You know, whatever Brian Marie does, Brian Marie is a genius. Okay, he's a wonderful guy. He's phenomenal. He's the best. But that doesn't mean he's perfect. And all you rubber stampers out there. All you ass-lickers, you better get with it. And by the way, what's icing? So it's 1057 at WIOD. Still, the only radio station that doesn't suck. 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any question. Just the lick-up. People are watching women off the ground. They're green blue and green. But I'm not sharing. Some see his brain less. And I'm not talking. I'm not not too good. But I ain't looking for smells just a little too much. To that bottle, little too close. His love is just a little too long. He's got a really big trials of trials. The girls are screaming if you let it out. His got a really big trials of trials. Fishing for love. His got a really big trials of trials. Fishing for love. I want to give you a cat. He's got a really really trials of trials. I have no force in. So anyway, it's 1100 or two. When in doubt, what they say, it cocks. Leap it out. So we're just rolling along. Sing the song. Looks like we're going hungry today. But you're the whole audience is saying, boy, they have sure lost. They've lost the touch. They've lost that loving thing again. Don't start with that song again because I'll puke if I think about anybody. How's that he fox doing by the way? Hi, this is Sunny Fox playing all the country. It's all the time he's kissing it over there. I wonder if he and I'm cocks are around the same. Are they both doing it? I'm kissed. They're both kissing it. I want to give you a kiss. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, happy Thanksgiving day. Back to you, pal. Hey, I got a spy report from mandatory last night. Yeah. You know what he said. He said the only thing that other station QAM is missing. They have their great lineup. But the only thing they're missing is Neil Rogers. Yeah, little joy was just going to be a spiry port before saying that he was going on sucking around heavy duty about how they ought to have me on that station. Where would they get the money to pay me? They're already going to go broke with all the money they paid for all these sports franchises. And with the resilience of dollars they paid to defoe, which is way more than what he's worth. What were they forget it? See, I like working for an outfit where they check clears. You don't understand you're not to worry about if it's going to bounce or not? Well, I guess so, geez. Well, I just wanted to tell you that. Let you know and happy turkey day. And back to you. And hope you get some lunch and everything. All right. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Man, which is great. And I've already said this before he started sucking around. Maybe that's why he said it. But that we have a deep mutual respect me and Jimmy Boy. Even though he is a Michigan fan. He knows Talon when he hears it. I made him into a star. Just being on here and doing those games. That isn't what made him a star. What made him a star was a rock. Stuff like that. That's right. That's what made him into a gigantic star was things like. Look at the **** on that blonde man. Right. And then of course, especially. Yes. Yes. Yes. Not to be not to forget. You check that. Right. So he'll be winding up being over there because he's going to be doing the games with Zimpharan QA. I'm in a course that is if they don't declare chapter 13 first. But hey, how about those marlins? They got John Canjellosi. Which sounds like Canjellosi sounds like some kind of a like leprosy. Some kind of a rare disease. But they'll be okay. They're going to go out there. Wayne is on least a pocketbook. He got all pissed off at your Eions. He said you were an asshole. You don't want to pay. You want all these salary kept in to get $55 million to that professional Malk content. Alfred Albert Bell. You jackass. So even Wayne voted for the settlement. How do you like that? That's really saying something. So I guess that means that now that he's a good guy, we won't play that Wayne is an asshole song anymore. Whoops. We really want to play this or not. Yes. Yes. Yes. We do. That Wayne High is saying good such an asshole. He held that finish. That creature. You've heard because he would be taking a shower with Takeover asshole asshole. He's way hising a such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a brun. What's that? He's pounding on. He's a asshole asshole. He's a asshole asshole. He's the quintessential asshole. He only think there is love to say. He's a pro. So our good post personal friends at Boston Market of all places come through for us on our Hollywood Boulevard. A little joys on his way immediately. I might not have the meatloaf. We'll turkey and ham suffice. It's a limited menu today because it's you know Thanksgiving. They may have it or not. What do you mean they may have it? It's a limited Thanksgiving menu today. Yeah. So like from yesterday when they closed until whenever we're Thanksgiving finally ends the meatloaf has vanished. It's disappeared. Tell him to go dig around. They'll find some meat. I've learned in my life if you dig around long enough and far enough you'll find some meat. Anyway, so thanks to you. I joined you. He's on his way for the food. Whatever they got, we'll take it. We're going to be too easy today with everybody closed with our best close personal friends just shining us today. Just when you go into pizza, you'll see the meatloaf tells you if you're going to go in. Boy, you are on major asshole man. Let those guys down on Thanksgiving day when they come into work hard for you and give you a spot running day ponytail. Wait till we get to that spot. That ought to be a good one. Here's a coconut creek. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Happy Thanksgiving. And back to you. I'd like to give you an uplifting how I screwed over a frog story. If you'd like to hear it. Yeah. I have the, I do work. I work in convenience stores. You told him? I'd absolutely. Whatever they need. I told him. I was in a mobile station down in Hollywood. And there was probably about three or four people in line and this real snally looking old frog walked in. And that's a different feeling. Didn't feel like waiting in line. So he muffled up to the front and he was basically looking for directions. What was he? And from what I could gather with his stupid accent. He was looking for someplace in Lake Wrest. Oh yeah. That's a good place for more. The people are older than Mimuthu's Lana Bad Day. Yes. Absolutely. It didn't like a frog. Right. So the cashier didn't really know where he was going. She said, you know, he said, well, do you have a map? And she said, well, you have to purchase it because they were wrapped in plastic. You'd have to rip it apart if you wanted to use it. Well, he didn't like that. So I pulled him aside. And I basically took him. Well, because they need to buy it. What he probably wanted to was just to look at it. Unfold, you know, a pot ski around with it. And then just throw it down on a floor and walk out. Absolutely. That's exactly what he wanted it to be. Oh, is that great? What a cheap bastard that is. So what I did is, and I knew there were people watching that. They were listening. They were kind of upset because he cut in line anyway. So I grabbed them. I said, come on outside and I thought I'll give you directions. So I sent them on to 95. I assumed he was looking for Lake Wrest. I know that 10,000,000 new north is up there. Right. So what I did is I told me get on to 95, which he was very familiar with. And I told him to go to South West, Penn Street. He said, I know that 10,000, he's like, we're up. So I sent it to South West, Penn Street. Now I wasn't going about three miles west to the left. Say, go about three, four miles west. You'll come to a toll booth. Go through the toll booth when you see university drive. Up that exit. It can go right. So he's somewhere. And I hopefully he's still somewhere. He probably wound up at slimy's. Yeah, he's at slimy's. He's somewhere in pocket when hopefully he's with work Riley. Nice work, pal. You like that. Excellent. Can I get a request? Yes, you can. I know you don't like to punch you around with Riley's stuff. But that our Bokersung. Let me just tell you something. Okay. That's not Riley's stuff. That one happened now. I will admit that I spoke to a joint. That's one he played years ago and lost. And I just found it. So it's mine now. But the Bokersung, Bokersung, Brian did that for me originally. And then we're kind of inherited it. Yeah, I'm sorry. And I also, I want to call somebody a douchebag. But before I do it, I just want to let you know this person. I'm going to call a douchebag. Yeah. His last name is the same as your head engineer. Okay. And so if I see his name, you can throw that in there. Yeah. Okay. We've got Winston and Jim Roy. And don't forget Patrick. Roy. Have a great day, pal. Nice job. There's a guy who's doing it, man. So this is Rick Riley's. Just like my briefcase is. What's up? There's a model is place. I know all the wealthy people go. It's where royalty play below. And that's what I like about Boka. A down where he goes on heaven's small. A down where they say, And how tall, and every corner has a ball. And that's what I like about Boka. I like that. Spin 10 grand on golf course fees. Spend the day in Jewish bakeries. You should taste these delicacies. And that's what I like about Boka. Oh, he's in shoes. Are added to Winston. And I'm BMW's. And we find pleasure. And being rude. That's what I like about Boka. Roy. Who'd he built and Rolex watches? White shoes make us so entutous. If you're clean, we'll let you touch us. And that's what I like about Boka. We really don't care what you think. And you see how a do-do doesn't stink. There's no coffee. Only Moka. And that's what I like about Boka. That's the, yeah, that's what I like about Boka. Oh, and by the way, speaking of the murdering OJ, did you see the story yesterday and not everything that comes along. You know, we got 20 witnesses that he's contradicting. He's country. All don't confuse me with the facts. Basically was his testimony. So the new deal was, you know, the Bruno Mali shoes. And he said that the photo was doctored. The one that the guy sold at the National Enquire World. Well, guess what? They found another publication that had published it before the murders. So somebody must have been psychic. There must be a psychic conspiracy because they must have known that the murders would take place. That they would be leaving a shoe print with Bruno Mali shoes. And so they must have doctored the photo even before the murders took place. How do you like that? So I don't want to say that the man might just possibly be guilty. Oh, man. Oh, God. So what is he going to say when they finally get through with the 85,000 more prosecution witnesses in the defense calls them and puts them out of the stand? What's he going to say then? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Better late than ever. O.J. O.J. And they're still out there getting autographs. O.J. All those assholes, all those asslickers out there. Hey, we don't care if our football guys murder a few people or raped a few women or stuff like that. Or if our favorite boxer raped a couple of them went to the Islam or we don't care about that. He did his time. He's a great American. We just want to go there and worship at his feet because we only wish we could be half as much as he is. It's 11.13 in W.I.O.D. Oh. O.J. Whatever you're going to done, why didn't you leave the bloody road? And what were you thinking of O.J. And you almost got away. O.J. You better drive it around the freeway. You should have been over a bit in their way. Are you friends? Are you? They say, I hope you better take care of you. O.J. Oh, J. Man, you could play. Are you? I used to watch you for some tackle. Now you walk around here for all J. You're on a tour of time. Just remember to leave with your back to the corner. Or you'll be walking by a different ocean. Let's take up a collection for O.J. He'd be in big trouble, man. Even if he doesn't lose the civil case, they said he is broke. The government's got a $685,000 in on his house. And he'd be falling on hard times, which is why he's really, he's packing the food in now, man. He's going to Boston, chicken, he's driving through that McDonald's again. He is just blowing up like a balloon because he knows he's going to be falling on a lean one. Here's a candle. Hello. Happy Thanksgiving, Neil. And back to you. Hey, I've been here you complaining about the metro rail in having traveled to real cities. I can't imagine that you would attack something, you know, like public transportation, something that real cities have. Yeah, but we don't have a public transportation. We have a thing that was done for the benefit of the downtown people and the Harold, which only serves a very small number of people. And guess what? By the way, how's the traffic on Dixie Highway? I'm supposed to solve that problem, which is worse than ever before. Well, I wouldn't know because I don't drive. Yeah. I mean, I know cities that have a mass transportation like Boston and Toronto in New York. They have like a real subway system or real system. And, you know, you can actually go all over the area instead of like just a very limited area where nobody wants to go anyway. How many people do you know want to go to Hailea? Um, I don't. Exactly. There probably a hundred thousand people right now trying to get out of Hailea. Nobody wants to go there. But unless of course you want to go to Shorty's for ribs. I mean, who do I want to go down there? Oh, this is shorty since like bad deal in South. So I'm right there. Yeah. But don't need to be more. I mean, you can see like it's a way elephant like the- It is a one elephant. The ridership is minimal and it's a piece of crap. And it cost a billion dollars to build it. That was the only intelligence thing their Ronald Reagan ever said. He made the observation after the thing was a bust since it was federal funds. He said they could have bought everybody in date County a car and had money left over for a billion dollars. And that was true at the time. Really? I don't like to drive myself. Yeah. But I mean, I think it's- So what's the point? What are you trying to say? The metro rail is great? Okay, it's great. Have a nice Thanksgiving. We have an open line in date. 6-2-2-9-4. He doesn't like to drive. Oh, God. Oh, God. So while you geek out there who are afraid to drive, just to go down the right of metro rail, even though it doesn't go where you want to go, get hop on it anyway. Hop on this, pal. Here's to Miami on a mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning in the stupid holiday, man. Buenos dias. The happy turkey. Hey, so cold. I really just do. They were once a year to thank God. Yeah. Don't make no sense to me. Oh, it's like they say a Christmas time. You know, that's a one day of the year. You're supposed to be good. How about if the other rail-rest of the year you try to be like a decent person and then I Christmas you go out and screw everybody. How would that be? Right, exactly. Not sounds good to me. Once it's coming. Hey, um, spugna bought that. They're good off the seat on Miami. Yeah. You know, they're in the verge of chapter nine or eight. What's your carroyo set on the news last night? Yeah. Don't be frifty dollars. God. Anyway, you know, you got all these bunch of freaks missed it. So much regular auto. We'll spread of gold at the end. Right. And Hernandez and I got a royal ring to city. A bunch of an animal people. Yeah. You know, so what do you expect? You know what I'm saying? Right. What do you expect? Unbelievable. Right. What do you want? A couple of how to spell a downhill. How to spell with Darnell? Yeah. You got it. I've got it. Okay. Don't choke on that switchbone out there while you guys out there will be celebrating today. This is learning to spell with Darnell. I've been down here with Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word grammar. Bell it with been now. Gramma. GRAMMA. Now, let's you the innocent. My grammar be good. And so is my grand daddy. This is learning to spell with Darnell. I've been down here with Jackson. This is learning to spell with Darnell. I've been down here with Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word paradise. Bell it with been now. Paradise. He A.R.A.D.I.S.B. Now, let's you the innocent. Whenever I go out to gamble, I always take along my luck as paradise. Be good to me now. This is learning to spell with Darnell. I'll be down here with Jackson. I didn't know Darnell was Puerto Rican. Did you? Isn't that a Puerto Rican thing with the dice hanging from the aware of whom he or is that a, uh, what is that? It's just, any kind of low life. Ha ha ha ha ha. I see white trash people. That was George Rodriguez who said that the Puerto Rican's low life is what he said. He didn't come right out and say that, but that would be what's saying being a Cuban himself, the Puerto Rican's usually wave their flag. A Cuban has like a little, they have like a little Cuban flag hanging from their thought. Those are Puerto Rican's. And all my Puerto Rican have a Cuban flag. No, the Cuban flag in the Puerto Rican flag are similar so they get confused a lot. But all my years in Miami have seen one Cuban flag from a rear remix. You've seen one Cuban flag. I've seen a lot more than that. The rest of Puerto Rican. Yeah. And how about the way the Rosary Beads hanging all the Trotsky's hanging from there. And the big paradise. Those are Cubans. And then the dog's the ice moving into back in the rear view. Those are Mexicans. Oh, I didn't know they had a car. Maybe they ought to use the metro rail. Let's go to a river here at Beach. Hello. River somewhere. Hello. Gone? Well, two damn bad. It was, they didn't know where the hell they were. We have an open line on the green line. One Triple 8 9 49. That really is the kick in the Posa. River here at Beach. One of those real hot shots up there. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Boca. Yes, sir. Happy all request. Thank you. Yeah. Back to you. I got a shameless request. I thought it was debimackle. What is it? A shameless request is not going to take any work. Okay. It's cart number 30. Cart number 30. Yes, sir. We don't have any numbered carts. Oh, you didn't have. I'm wemen. I'm wemen. Never had any numbered cart. The carts are always alphabetized. They're like, uh, we just with labels. With names. What is it? I'm wemen. Yeah. Oh, I'll number foot. Yeah. Oh, you're talking about like this number 30 from the, okay. I'll find it. We'm away. I appreciate it. Neil. I'd like to dedicate it to Eber and Streeter from King and co back if I can. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Okay. Now, see now we got the problem. George. Now we got this disc problem. Anybody out there got a disc problem. We'll find you good. We got a little bit of a disc problem ladies and gentlemen because we don't know which disc that beyond, huh? Give me a guess, George. What number, I say 11 myself. What did you say? I'm sorry. I was talking to Steve Delo. The Elmer flood that we move away. Whatever that thing is called. Nine. Nine. What do you speak in German now? Nine. I don't think you're really think so. How do I know? I put them all on there. Yeah. I came in here. Day after day, night after night, working like a maniac. George came in here. Everybody came in here except Berger course. And we worked like crazy to put this stuff on here. And then we find out this ain't no good. There's the rabbit sleeps tonight. Oh, that's it, ain't it? Yes, it is. Oh, my God. Guess what? It's on this number level. What a genius that Roger is. Oh, my God. Guess what? It's on this number level. What a genius that Roger is. Is that? And the far west of quiet far west of Wabbett's weeps tonight. I sneak wide off. I get inside. I'll be neaf the bell. Oh, my God. Is where he, my hand is steady. I've got him in my side. Don't want to kill him. Just want to dwell him. I hope he's nice and tight. As I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe, I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. My dipstick up on his whipstick. And thank him for the dance. But he's no way he's like net bitty. into wherever hands outside we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe I we moe That's what I caught a sporting here Hey What's up guys? Oh, and thank God I edited out the final rim shot on there so to speak 11 27 at WI-D-A Swear it right here She blew a kiss to the condo Turn in the covers I would like to Kissing you York is legal now to show the world you Well and down the big apple is the place to let your puppies Green I have no force Kim Stop the song a train roll and down the tracks Stop the song a train and you won't get no flag This train should get a triple X rating I got so hot I started Shitting Stop the song a train is given me the fits All the passengers are flashing me there I'm giving no rise in my cut I'm giving no rise in my cut I'm giving no rise in my cut So that must be going on in the metro I don't know what the guy sounded so excited about all I think he wouldn't have cared about that sound And judging from the sound of his verse It's 1134 and it's WI-D-A's Bousers are great But boy after the first 20 or 30 they'll kill you And that's just in the morning Here's a lady in the gables Hello How are you doing? I'm doing the WI-D-A's Bousers I wanted to talk about the football I didn't want to be a chronic call So that's one of the reasons why I didn't call you back Did you watch the Avalanche and the Rangers game last night? No, I did not I saw the low light stuff I saw Patrick Frog letting in one goal after another He's slipping We have a great possibility when in the cup Yeah, we're in first place in league How do you like that? We got two games in hand on the lunch I know, I know, but did you hear if Columple doesn't, you know, Butchap, they're going to replace in the possibility coach Barry Melrose Columple? They said that they made lunch Columple? Yes? Is the coach of the Rangers? Is the Columple? I thought it was John Campbell I thought it was Columple I'm sorry Columple has a slightly not much but slightly darker I know, I know Columple is Columple He's got a colon problem I'm sorry, he'll but like they mentioned that That very Melrose All right boy, they fit in like a glove I hate Barry Melrose, they hate the Rangers, they hate Wayne Gretsky I like it I love it Max made in purgatory He's doing it with the food bottle I know you fit in second one Yes, I do Why should I mind everybody comes by and says hi, at least a few I don't know, I didn't want to bother you Like before the game, I usually get that Watch a practice at 630 You mind if I stop by and say hello? I would love to see you briefly That's true Okay, thank you, have you been giving? Bye bye Bye bye That was pretty quick Right down the old hersey highway We know meetloaf Are there more meetton? I can handle one of that I can handle, well you're starting to get What's with the hair now? Are you doing your hair different? To cover up the fact that your face is falling in? If you know, he's got a whole new do now Since he got married, he's got a whole new, let's Dipity do in his do Oh, let's do More talk and let's do Here's a lady in sunrise lake, hello Oh my god, finally Yes, ma'am I want to give you something to be thankful for Finally getting on a year I've been listening to you for a hundred years Was a baby Okay, and I just wanted to call And thank you because you are one of the blessings in my life Neal Rogers Well, how about that? You know, everybody is so nice today, isn't this disgusting? It's a little disgusting, but once a year you can handle it And I'll put it so I'll give you a hug That's right, I don't know if you remember me, but last year at Borders I kissed your ring Like I kneeled before you and kissed your ring Oh yeah, no, I don't I can't hear that, it's one of your children I don't remember what I had for dinner last night You're going to ask me if I remember last year at Borders It's the sugar dammit You got to get off that sugar I'm not on any sugar, I'm doing good I've lost seven pounds Okay, well just keep it in the last week And a week and a half I lost seven pounds It's okay, back from my eating vacation and Rome It's mommy going to try to tempt you tonight Don't worry about mommy, just mind your own business I'm concerned I'm doing great Because if you're like having a hard time and dive And it will be really boring Yeah, I'm not going anywhere, I'm staying alive for at least another 50 years just to piss everybody off Wonderful, listen, I just wanted to thank my husband for being such a great guy And he's out on the road right now, coming back from the football game And if he got hurt, he might not even come home Because I can't handle that What does that mean? What get hurt in the game, I see what you're saying He's playing a game, he gets injured, I don't want to deal with that Well, that's always the other excuse, I'm going out to play a football game We've heard that one before No, the annual 30 days Oh, yeah, I believe it Yeah So I want to thank him on the air For no God and you and everybody else And he was well and have a great day In front of you, good Have a happy Oh, yeah See you Two open lines in date Six two two two Why would he? Because thanks to Boston Market Guy, these are God and Kevin the general manager Kevin the general manager and the Gots of Ashbahal and William The great big boss who called us and arranged the whole thing Boston Market Boston Chicken, whatever it is, hello, you are okay Boston beans, Boston baked Boston Market, I got it So there's two salads over there, which I'm not eating that and where's my meat? What do I want? Or what am I going to get? Is that the obvious question? Where's my meat? Exactly Six two two, Wiedy, it's all request Thanksgiving day Today and tomorrow, that stupid lines Kansas City game Nobody wants to see that, it does start at 1230 I think the game started 1230 The game started 1230, let me just take a look at that so I can Huh? The game starts at 1230 Well, I'll sit here and just do a play by play on a game Let's take a puk 1230, the chiefs and lines Oh, that's right, they have to do that because just in case that game runs real long Or goes into overtime, God forbid, they want to make sure this play Lee way for the Fox people because that's kind of a conspiracy Oh, that's turkey, that's great But what about my meatloaf? I see some beautiful looking turkey, some turkey breast No less Here's a tamarack, hello Hello, yes sir Happy Thanksgiving day You know, tomorrow's the busiest day of the year for shopping That is absolutely correct sir Most of all it's the busiest day of the year for hospitals and stomach ach Yeah, I got a report for you Okay Listen, I'm an independent career Okay, use my own vehicle for pickups and deliveries of packages You know, etc And I'm like on the beach and surf site by like 94th street Where's my meat? And where do these want to be Metro parking And the real parking, christian officers is like right behind me as I pull an loading zone Four parking lanes long But my career sign in the window Grab my clipboard and the box and drop it off Get in and out and back to my car within two minutes And this guy parking officer asshole W Perez is still right here Oh, a courier who is loading an unloading All the loading zones are parking to get for parking It loading zones Yeah They can't be this hard up for money Don't do it again Okay, we have an open line of bread What do you say to me? There's no meat loaf in there Well, they didn't have any meat loaf They have everything at first They won't get a bring me they got turkey and ham, okay I don't know, I'm not going to know vegetables You can't have no vegetables on the yakens This guy dreamin' or what Oh, look at Adam's thumb, does that look beautiful? It looks like a thumb What? What is in there? What is it? Honey, honey, honey Honey, honey, honey I can't have no honey glazed anything I can't have that How about if you just eat the inside And not the glaze outside? Oh, yeah, right That's like saying how about if we bring you like 20 pounds of intemans donuts and you just eat the whole thing Do I want what? Yeah, I have some of that dry turkey there Whatever that is, okay, well, this is You know, we thank these people real a lot You know, but this is pretty, yeah Let me take a look at it I have never seen anybody patch gear around So much in my life, my God I don't just want to look at the meat I want it in my hands Mmm, it's not dry at all It's moist, it's tender, it's delicious Mmm, the turkey and the turkey too Cornbread, I can't have no cornbread God, they said all kinds of good stuff for Adam and the Joey and George Two bad wain lifts the world For him Mmm, thanks a lot again, guys This is beautiful Two bad, I can't eat that ham Of course, they wouldn't because you're not eating ham Adam, are you? Adam's eating ham, he's going straight to hell Oh, here's a Davy, hello Hello Next thing you'll be getting season, or yes Hello, Dale, yes sir Yeah, this is John Davy, how are you doing? Okay, Joel Hey, remember about a year or so ago Tim or Act, they had that Law about two men Some stuff, even though you're dressed Not Tumid, turdjid Tumid, yes, yes, something Tumid in your pants Right, well, yes, it would help you Tumid, not Tumid, Humid If it's turdjid and Humid man, you're in big trouble Guess what happened to Pina in drier beer What's that? The Oscar Mara Weenermomio was headed north Yeah, and here comes the plex, right? They pulle more Drivers trying to get the car cover off Because the Oscar Mara Weenerm was too turdjid Right, and wasn't limp enough Listen, they're trying to cover up, right? And it ain't happened, okay? Yeah, there comes a cop. There was a Japanese cop with a metric tape, or if you call it, and he's majoring it, probably for the ticket to make sure they get the most out of it. And then it was American cop was there, and they were arguing about which way to write the ticket. Well, cancel pulls up behind. Jim Mandage. No, Sally Fitt. Yeah. One to know there was a, okay, we have two open lines in Broward, 767. After all of that, we get to this ridiculous story. Pal, I got news for your material is worse than lunch. No lunch is great. The turkey is good, little on the, you know, it's moist. But it's, what are you laughing about? The gravy on it. What do you mean it's got gravy on it? You could put some gravy on it. What gravy? We got gravy? I'm sure we have gravy, Joey. You asshole. Yeah, but what's in the gravy though? It's probably like cornstarch and crap in there that I can't eat. I'm not gonna drop the gravy all over the board. Are you crazy? Oh yeah, you can tell by how, oh boy. I can tell looking right through the cover that this gravy's got all kinds of carbohydrates in it. It is loaded with mong. If I can get the damn top off of this stupid thing, which I don't want to spill it all over the board because I don't want to get, pro, pro, pro, pro. All right, said. Yeah, see if you can, you're gonna spill it. I'm telling you that right now, Mr. I'm telling you right now, man, your career is gonna be very short-line. First of all, it brings in that real crappy version of smoke this in a morning. You said it was gonna be great. It's sucked. We have an open line in Broward, 767, 9463. It's 1144 at WIOD. Part of my left one. Left side line, Molly, 3.0. Oh, oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. I don't mean that was a three. I mean that was from the moon, from the moon, from his restaurant, about three blocks from his.