I'm Jackie Christ. I'm gonna make you feel like you're... Thank you. And I'm gonna tell you it right here. Where you're doggy? My doggy loves me. So what does he do? Bite you hello? He was a little hungry. Yeah. Why? She's got like a major gash on her arm and on her lay. Covered with patch. Covered with patches. Sets her dog's name with patchy. She's got a German shepherd. Now, suds, I'm found out this morning. And is this true? Are you just making this up to make her feel better that you got drug around by a dog? So yeah, yeah, that's true. Yeah. I was like, I was like about five or six. And what happened? It dragged me in round and then an alley in the snow for about an hour. Just had me by the pedal. At least to the cramp and your arms like that cat when I was five years old. Get an arm cramp. I've had that version to push you ever since. Like can't crack in your arm? Yes. Oh, geez. Five years old, I got picked up this cat down the street. I'm carrying it home in my arms. Yeah. You know, the stray cat. Yeah. And it's crap right in my arms. Oh, well, it's finally felt comfortable. It was fun. No, it's not a safe haven. No, it did not feel comfortable. It felt warm and squishy. No, I'm talking about the cat. Yeah. And if I have to see that damn turd spot again with that litter box. That plastic litter box. Oh, here we go. I see where this is going. Have you seen that? Yes, I have. I mean, those are like elephant turds in there. Right. Don't count him. He can't lays a bomb like that. Did you see that doesn't bother me? He's not even had a cat crap in my arms. Oh, well, I don't want to see anymore cat crap. Harkens memory. Oh, you know, I got news for it. Had you was there. I thought he'd be better. We could have bought this place. Had we invented that. Whatever. That guy's making a fortune. I don't think. Yeah, crap. Yeah. For every cat lover, they've got to have that. I was. I don't have that. I was going to get one for my kids. What do you mean you don't have to have it? Isn't that I don't want that thing? How do you clean up after your cat? Huh? How do you clean up it? Just to step out the door. All of the neighbors. Is that what you do? I don't know exactly where they do this, but it's under the bed. That's a good thing. They think a hole. Yeah. So, you know, it's kind of hard to see unless you I go on the bed. Don't. They think that anything's just a colony head last month. Don't cat people usually have litter boxes. Oh, many do. I think that Jeff high was hiding food. Yeah. It's a salesman. I heard he was hiding it. He hit a burger in his shoe. No, he did. Yes, he did. He hit a burger in his shoe. What kind of a burger? Pretty moldy by now, I would guess. He hit any. Put it the shoe on. He hit a burger in his shoe as smuggled it into. No, in the room. Right. Why did he do the war in various areas? Why did he have some high-resourifices? Are we looking at him? Just so that he would always have something there to pop in his fat piss. But he has to have probably hit something there too. He's got a dog. Oh, God. What a dog. No wonder I hated that cat. Well, so you got the load on on the, on the big meeting this last week or the conference or whatever. The judge has got the other side of the story. I'm not touching that one. A lot of story. Yeah. But the hot tub and he was not some of the big, not as well. I can feel it. I got the hot tub. What's your job and he told the story? Oh, the, I said he would my mouth agape. That's how he sits, but there's usually something in it. I would not, you know, why would he need to hide food? Oh, did they stand on the side of the deal? He ruined with the mallon. Oh, so they didn't stay by? I was just in here feeding us to that line of being right. Well, I'm finding this hard to put together why he would need to hide food. Why could he just come back with a burger? It's not like you look at him and say, gee, I bet you never eat. He was saving it for later. In his shoe. Can't go warm in there. Oh, okay. I don't, maybe I just don't understand the food process. Okay, so he stashed a burger and issue. All right. We have lines over to date 751. You keep looking at that phone. You know, why you were gone? We actually had participatory. I'm just proud of. Now you're sounding like a Henry. Am I a fool? Are you lying about one? Do you have to sit on the side of the phone's diet? Yes. Yes. Yes. It's like they, they wait for you. They fall across the sides. Yeah, these are the Jeff. These are the full of. Huh? Oh, a fat boy's in the youth. Is he here? Yeah. And he won't come out. Jeff. Yeah. He's got a burger in his rectum. Jeff. Take off your shoes. I'm hungry. Yeah. He just wants to watch the door. Anyway, yes, I'm not kidding. What? That we had a, we had quite a full phone calls. All of them tell 10 o'clock. Yeah. I think they wait for you to just come in and unleash your wallet. Oh, it's not for the stories. What are you with? Excuse me. You're starting to sound like, fill Henry now. No. It's not. Adam is that a fact? I don't know. I wasn't here. Oh, that's right. I'm just making it up. I believe that. We have lines over in date, 751, WIOD, Broward 5249463. Here's a mobile. Hello. Hi, guys. Be a loser. How's it going in the 40? All perfect. Yeah. Can't you tell? Well, well, I have to move them for about an hour. Yeah. But I'm down here from Orlando's blood. Here you guys. I guess I'm not believing that from a couple of weeks ago with a gift change and all that crap was going on. We know it's happening. It's happening. It's happening. This is it, baby. Yeah. Because I heard Kilius, I thought he was going to be gone this month. It's also a little bit sad again. Phil Henry's last show is September 27th. Okay. We've announced this. It's been in the newspaper. Oh, we've been in the... And over again. And a problem is that we have a little bit of a credibility problem developing there. You know what I'm saying? I thought I was thinking yesterday. Like, down here yesterday. And I was listening. And I'm like, what the hell was going on? So. I've all three weeks from yesterday. Well, we'll be then. Well, line up. Now, answer me this. Are you exposed to Roderron where you are? Uh, yeah. They're on a J.R. I believe. Everybody listen to it. What do you listen to in the morning? In Orlando. Yeah. We listen to Howard Stern. Um, there. How do we know that? Well, that's going to give us talk radio up. If Neil was up there in the morning. You guys are in the morning up there. I'd listen to you. But you just said, Roderron, we're up there. They are. I don't like it. Listen to them too much. Well, what? Try and tie your trips for the afternoon. Then when you come down here, listen to them too much. It makes you gay. Oh, yeah. That's right. I really thought. Yeah. But I was going to have Neil a question. Well, they're going to be doing morning for us, sir. Oh, well, they're good. I mean, I just. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. That was good. That was very good. And the ice cream. It's good too. But you'd prefer something with a little more taste. Yeah. That was very good. That's good. I was going to have Neil. Did he see Boogew? Yes, they on CNN. He doesn't know who that is. You have to pronounce it right. Well, you know, I didn't see him. Booge, Booge, Booge, I said Booge, I didn't see him. Yeah, he was on Talkback Live and he, uh, him and a black guy. Oh, he's other. Yeah. The black guy being. Uh, some black guy in the suit and the audience started yelling at him. The Johnny Cochran wasn't in the ten times better lawyer than he'll ever be. You know, there was a thing on it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Yeah. We started yelling at who? Booge, and Booge, you see? The Johnny Cochran's a ten times better lawyer than he'll ever be. The Johnny Cochran's a clown and anybody who reads the book, although that. That's exactly what Booge is. Booge, I'm sure. That's exactly what he was saying. He was like, if you read the book, sir, if you read the book, sir, and the guy was like, well, first of all, what do you, yes, that show with Susan Schnuck, right? Yeah. That's the talk back. Watch that show. What's the one? I wonder what's the outrage. Oh, God. That's the worst show in history. You know, on the learning channel. The other night they're doing a thing at two hour deal on the O.J. The trial, this, what's it called, the memoirs of somebody who is like sitting right behind what's going on. What's going on? He's a little late in a kill. Yeah, who is that memoirs of who? I can't remember who's the guy sitting right behind the Goldman Girl. Right, exactly. Very insightful. And a lot of, a lot of things that he didn't hear before, like Johnny Cochran knew that he did it. And he said, well, he did it. Yeah. Absolutely. He did it. Oh, they meant that last night. And this was before. I think that's the right. I think that's the right. Yeah, that's the thing about his first lawyer that dropped the thing like a hot potato. Right, exactly. What the hell was his name Howard? And did anybody else tell was his name? I don't know. Howard, some Jews first lawyer, his personal lawyer. Yeah. And then he like thought up a little bit. I said, Shapiro can take it, but Cochran was a friend of it, so we told him don't take it. Right. I know them. I've been, I don't mean to interrupt. I've been out something interesting. Cochran had never won a murder trial or something and like 20 years or was it? Yeah. And a jury trial. And he'd never tried one. He'd never even tried one. Right. The black guy in the audience was going, I mean, I'm not a racist here. I mean, why not? How I'm white. I'm just saying. Very good. How do I spend that was his original attorney's name? Yeah. He was just like screaming out there. You're going to let Tardatia so sick and tear these professional coons man. I can't stand it. Remember when Cardatia read that letter after they busted O.J. on his wild ride with his friend, call it black people. They met him. They met him. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord that black people don't ever commit a crime. It's always a frame of it. Did you have a see the date on that letter? Jesus. God. How can there be so many stupid people reproducing so rapidly? The date on the letter was dated two days. I guess what? The rate no more welfare. Before the ride. God. I don't know if you record Neil. I'm thinner going. Well, if I just like to inject two shows for the price of the letter. You're injecting here. You're just a useless rule raise or blaze splice it up and you'll get both of them. I'm going to be wondering what was with the news. I'm not going to buy what the yellow note had. Wait a second. Now did you hear what I said about the letter? The letter that Cardatia read from O.J. Do you remember that? After that. I was just doing it right. Did you notice? Did. And it wasn't made mention of during the trial. The letter was written two days before the ride. Right. Yeah. Like he was already apologizing and he knew he'd done it. And they were getting closer and on him. And as you hear him talking about the light detector test and a score of like minus six or minus eight would be real bad news. Now if I were to minus 20 months from the phone from the from the Jeep from the Bronco about it was her fault and she she brought it on herself. He said that. O.J. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I didn't know. I saw in the book. I have book by the book. I have book by the book. I keep looking for a book by the book. I can't find it. I can't find it. I can't find it. I can't find it. Anyway, sir, what do you need to know? Well, they were saying on TV as name of the book. I don't know what is not his name. His name is Boyd Yo. I don't know. Why do we go back to that again? What difference does it make what his name make? Because they said on TV this man is proposed. Yeah. Well Susan Shnook. She would know she'd be the authority on it. Well she kept cutting them off. I kept on here. Did he get he perhaps? We can't. We can't. We got to break now by quick. Did he correct his name by any chance? He said. Well, how do you pronounce? He says it real quick. Who do you think? Well, that's because apparently the G.A.S. pilot me growing up a lot of sandals for 20 years. He'd been referred to as booklales. That's like it's just so. That again. What? How do you pronounce the name? Well, I believe this guy. He said he tried 30 something cases. No one wants one. Yeah. And he never lost any other. I don't know what. Is this a guy who said that if O.J. was innocent and running a coal we're still alive? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Got a run pal. All right. Here we go. Who's this? You know what this is. All done. Well. I did. I did. I knew. They were like, who? I came to the fed myself. No, that was not a hamburger in my shoe. Or the piece of flaming on. My wife attacked. Today at a nice leisurely lunch down by the poor. Was this before or after you? I find out that you were in the hot tub with some strange woman. I was not in the hot tub with some strange woman. Was it my mom? No. It's time to have a burger. Yeah. Well, hey, I'm going to say it for my mom's wife. Calls our room is 230 in the morning. I want to know if your wife always packs meat in your shoes for it. I put it in my shoe to pack it to that pack my own phone. He packs his own meat. I brought it. So you wrapped your meat and put it in your shoes. It was in his apartment. He had to pack his own clothes. It was just going to find it. What's right? What's it? What's it? I'll leave on that note. Yeah. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. So that you're calling to verify it was not a burger, but you actually did have meat in your shoes. I had to piece of flaming on in my shoe. I am very proud of the guy. And you smuggled in food and kind of hit it around the problem. No, I did not hit it around the property. I won't hit it. And I checked in. I put my shoe on the floor and they caused it. No one being the neat plate of sole on the other. There's less than one being the neat freak that he is. Goes ahead and rear reen from the closet because everything has to be in a certain order. Like I did before, if I were roaming with somebody, and I noticed there shoes were in a closet in meat was hanging out of him. I might make mention of it all. I'm also allowed his meat. out of him. I might make mentally know it also out his meat. All right. But anyway, here I am. I sleep. Saturday. I, uh, finding this dirty morning, two-third in the morning. Moans, white cars. Yeah. It goes ahead. I have to leave the room because they're having a, I've just got shinning an argument. Why do you have to leave the room where they have an argument? I have no idea. I didn't want to know. Why? Because normally does you actually got up at two thirty others. You probably went to get some food. No, no, no. I was, I didn't go to sit. So, since I've seen how it's front, I was out with, with, uh, I went to the lab to that's his problem. So what's his story about the broad and the hot tub? There was no broad and the hot tub. There was a bunch of much swimming in the pool. There's a net for any morning. We're getting a ruling from the judges. No, over home. No, I didn't even sorry. We heard there were two and a hot tub. One of them was you and the other one was, and it was you. Some of them were, some of some of them saw the two people hot tub. That was just me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. All right. Anyway, now, by this phone call, did you expect to clear things up? No. Good day. And somebody he'll tell me about this yesterday. I just thought I'd call up and say good morning. Oh, while you have a strange way of doing it. To me side, they have some new front to support you. It's like going to talk to them. Fine. Leave some meat and issues and put them outside the door and we'll talk to you later. It's 9. 49. Probably won't do this spot. Anyway, I can't like the fat-haint gover better. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. So this will be what? September 30th Monday. It's going to get pretty crowded back there. What? It's 9.53. 7 in front of 10 o'clock. It's not a nice day. September 30th. What? This show? No. Whenever we move into the new building is the day that I'm doing that show. I'm not doing it in this building. Which is not an accident. You know, I'm just, I, I, That's not an accident. I'm not doing it in my apartment. That's just an act of common. So absolutely, yes. However, it's just to be coming more ambiguous by the day, whether we're ever going to move into that building. And you notice how magnificently they are now timing it so that the entrance and the exit of certain people in the building, we never see them. Not that I'm complaining. They don't have to good thing. But it's fantastic. It's just amazing. Yeah. They're like in their little cubby hole up there. And there's almost like an invisible shield somewhere in the hallway. Well, they work for a different company. Yeah. And so they don't feel they should metal. Outside of the fact that occasionally dropped well placed barbearing air about how your life is going to be miserable and the future now that you're not with us anymore. But that's just like, you know, instead of saying, you're not on a hallway. Let's go to, what is this? Hollywood. 114, important. Good show, Greg. Yeah. You think, man. Say it all, I would, too. You're a liar. I am not. You are a liar. You can't call from Hollywood on the 800 line. Yes, you can. And then, can you? I guess, say, so what are you doing in Hollywood? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in Hollywood. Hey. Yeah. I got a spot report for Neil. Yesterday, Phil Henry had fat rich on there. It was really him. No. Well, listen. No, no way. Let me ask you this question. Seriously. You heard that, right? Right. And you believe that that was fat rich. Oh, for fat rich, call. At 2.25, fat rich call in Crackville, Henry. How do you know? I know fat rich. As worried she said, you're audience is stupid, blah, blah, blah, he talked on for a few minutes. Well, how do you know that was in fat rich? That was, no. That's 2.25? No. Neither the, the mumbling voice that Phil was doing. No, the old guy who's old enough to be fat rich is grandfather that called and neither one of them was fat rich. Yeah, that was fat rich, Cytoman. No, the one that caught was fat rich. No, it was not. Are you sure? I've known fat rich for like 10, 15 years. I'm telling you, it wasn't fat rich. I thought it was a fat rich. No, he's not talking about the mumbling. He's not talking about the old guy that called. No, it wasn't an old guy. It wasn't an old guy. He's not talking about the old guy that called. No, it wasn't an old guy. It wasn't an old guy. He's fat rich. Oh, okay. It was him. It was him. Yeah. Everybody called after they was fat rich. Yeah. It was a man who was on their about 20, 25. I was outside of fat margarine. Oh, damn margarine. He was bad. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Well, see, it's always easy when you're going to rip the crap out of somebody to do it in another voice and then argue with the other voice. I don't go along with that. That's not about that. No, I don't. It's always much easier to do with another voice. Always to come across. Oh, okay. It's moderate. It's a butt plug. Okay. Okay. So that's going to do it. It's 9.56. 4 foot attention. What's going to ask you about the rough mix? Not the red mix. Did you ever find out about that? No. Some guy read out of some of my friend. And that was the end of discussion. That they're from Ireland. Which I find very hard. They're the next you too. Yeah. Did they sound like you? No, they did not. You think I would listen to it exactly. That's what I'm thinking. Who wants the first you too? I can't believe that. Nobody knows anything about music here. At least not in a song. Oh, that's a fact. Even the Pet Shop Boys, which I thought were very popular a bunch of facts. Aren't they a big group here? Yeah. They used to be. They used to be. Have they done anything recently? Of course. They got a new eye. They're new video last night, which sucks. And then that that other one, which no we didn't have one call with the name of it. They play that video every five minutes on MTV. The old Pet Shop Boys. The old Pet Shop Boys. The old Pet Shop Boys. The old Pet Shop Boys. The Pet Shop Boys. What was the original Pet Boy, the shop boys hit? West End Girl. I was like, no, no, it was the best place in between. It's like one before whatever their new single is. This was the one before. It was a gigantic hit. And it's got like a Hispanic name to it. Say to something like that. And the video is got all these young people in the beach naked. And it's unbelievable. And we don't have one person in the Saudi instead. Know what it is. I have any idea. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. I don't have a clue either. I'll see that on Shaz. It's hard also because since we're watching here all day long with no sound. You don't know what's on it. What's on it? In fact, it was on here yesterday. I potted up the audio was on the MTV Latino. All we ever see is this. The mock the radio. Seriously. That's why nobody sees it. Because first of all, MTV Latino is only on like two cable systems in all of this town. Right. Yeah. And who? Well, I think there's one other besides gold coast. There's one other one in highly. Oh, well, a bunch of spicks are. And that's it. So nobody else sees it. And if you put on MTV, all they got is nonstop rap music, man. Is there anybody white that sings music anymore in America or not? And I even brought up the three T, which they're almost black. Yeah. And I'm lost. I'm thinking about the UPN network, but then we won't get into that. UPN. UPN. Why would you be thinking about that? Well, because you talk about rap music and all of that and every sitcom. Oh, I think it's a bit of a coincidence. Too many black sitcoms. It's their all black sitcoms. Well, it's just like the population and we should and we introduce real fast homeboys and outer space tonight. Yeah. I got to get homeboys. Black people can reproduce that fast. Why can't the sitcoms? Where do they don't they land on the planet, Carcisa? Carcassus. Carcassus. Yeah. Anyway, to all the people on Star Trek show up black. That'll be some. Yeah. There's a post to purple and green, which they are right now. Well, the one that they got a black boy thing this year. They could have the Hispanic version and tell them under they could have Mr. Spick. So, you know, it's 958 at WI and the other. Rock, gotta fight it. What a, what a, you're wunger. Wow. And the far west of quiet far west of Wabbit's weeps tonight. I sneak wide off. I get inside. I'll be neaf to pale. Moon, why? My gun is ready. My hand is steady. I've got him in my side. Don't want to kill him. Just want to dwell him. I hope he's nice and tight. As I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. My dipstick. Up on his whipstick and thank him for the dance. But he's no wavy. He's right net bitty. In the witherance. As I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. That's what I call supporting hairs. Hey. What's up, dad? What's up? My wife, my soul. Okay, 10 passed and how come they had a rune there with those rim shots? I hate people. I use rim shots on bits like that thing. If you do on ESPN radio all the time, that Tony Bruno, the one with that high in a laugh for that forced fake high in a laugh and all those rim shots like they're sitting around trying to convince themselves that they're doing something funny. Anyway, it's 10 after 10 at Wiod. Happy Tuesday to you. And as little as we knew yesterday was very gratifying to be driving home yesterday and here Margaret ripping me and I started out ripping Rick and so it's and me. But then it kind of degenerated into ripping me and then of course that fat rich on the phone. Mumbling in coherently, I guess the La Caja folds of fat were getting in the way of his addiction. And it just was impossible to understand what the hell was going on. Thank God at least it wasn't fill that was ripping us because then I would have felt bad about it. But at least if it's Margaret or some other one of those voices, then you know, Phil can always argue with it and deny that he was the one that said it. I just I was telling Rick a minute ago that I have the feeling that maybe Phil is on target with this thing after all. I think these last three weeks here before the sale goes through September 30th could be a major verbal blood bath. And quite frankly, that's okay with me. I mean, doesn't bother me in the least, but at least it's something to talk about because there ain't nothing going on. Packers are going to win a super bowl. They looked awesome last night. We got the World Cup to a final start in the night in Philadelphia. We got the Canada and the USA. But other than that, there's a lot of them. Then how come nobody called me yesterday to tell me since I've lived in plantation for a lifetime that the plantation town mall burned down while I was gone? Did you know that? Do you know which one that is? That's the one over there on the Broward Boulevard where CJ's pizza, where I guess is the most notorious story in there. There's also was a public center. I'm not really sure what to deal is. How much of it burned down or anything about it? Maybe somebody will call or maybe not as the case may be. But that's the audience. They're still too busy trying to figure out about the Pet Shop Boys and what the name of that song is. Did anybody call yet? How listen, seriously? How is that possible? That song was such a major hit and granted, not everybody's in the Fag music like the Pet Shop Boys or their videos. But it was like a major hit. I mean, when I'm starting to feel like I'm moving a step ahead of this audience in my taste and music, you know we're in big trouble. Big trouble. It was like a span. Like a spik name. Say to say three, say four, say a couple of Hail Mary, something like that. And nobody knows the name of that song? God Almighty, you get the feeling like you're like in the wilderness. Like you're speaking out there. Now look at the phones now. Everybody in their brother, what's the name of it? What's the name of it? Talk to one of them. It's not, it's only like three words. It's three words. It's like three Spanish words. It's a great song. Forget about the video and all the naked guys in there, which is really great. But what about the name of the song? Come on, Tutayama? No, no, get outta here. Come on, Tutayama, my ass. Peryk, come on this. Oh my God. I think Margaret had a point, you know what? 1013, a WIOM thing, Vita? Yeah, that's it. Now you're getting warm. Now you're getting close to it. Well, that's three. He's the closest. Something Vita. You think that they, well see the spik's doing it, but they don't want to call it in tell us because they don't know that they're closet cases. Okay, it's okay to come out. It's okay, but you all sound to say them anyway. What? They don't know? Unbelievable. Did I say 1013, a WIOM thing? Is your life devoid of spiritual nourishment? Do you feel yourself lonely, longal for a belief in a higher power? Well, then why don't you go to church? They're on every corner. Feel Henry, two to six to the M on news, talking entertainment radio, six to N, WIOM. So anyway, it'll fat rich remind me of my mother. 1017, a WIOM. I'm not going to proceed to we find out the name of that song. WIOM. Hello. WIOM. The name of song is RS2. Yeah, right. Oh my god. Airhead 2 is that what he said? Oh, it must have been looking in the mirror. 751, WIOM. WIOM. I'm not moving along until I find out the name of that song. It was on here yesterday. Don't tell me that that song wasn't, it's like a European thing now, that they got songs that aren't released here that I'm like dreaming. It was on MTV Latino yesterday and believe me, it was more that propaganda stuff. US videos that they're pumping out to those the spik's down there. So it'll probably be on it the same time today. But too late. Yeah, no seriously. You're right about that. They do show these damn same things over and over and over again. WIOM. It's PONONERO. Yeah, right. PONONERO. Okay. 751, WIOM. The winner of the person that's got the right title of the song, wins a date with himself. 751, 946, 3, 5, 2, 4, WIOM. 1-800-944, they were lighting up there, frantically, their moments ago and they thought, and there's something La Vita. Something about life as in GoFind One, Go Get One, get a search party. I'm telling you. WIOM. George. Yes. Is it old strategy? Is it old song or not? I told you. Is I have no idea? Yes, is it old strategy? Is it old? I can't read the game. You're reading a radio off-tracy? Jesus. What's the name of it? One, double this. It's a dumb and out damn name? No, it's not dumb and out dancing. I just got through saying it's got a Spanish name. It's like three words. They have a new brand new album that comes out today. Yeah. So it might be off of that album. I'll find out about it in the old George. Okay. Hey, plantation mall. Yeah. It was the public's design. Yeah. And it's my couple stores next to CJCJ's work, how to fire in their place. Jesus. So in other words, it was an extra cheese pizza that started it. Too much oil on the cheese. Too much grease. Okay. Thanks Tracy. Send those Guitos back where they came from. You know, I mentioned that yesterday there wasn't one. And I was I'm glad to see that too. I think that was a good sign that people do understand the difference between real Italians as in the people from Italy and the Guitos from New York who give a Italian Americans a bad name. Most of them. And then there's no similarity whatsoever. Just as there's no similarity with much of the so-called Italian food. What now? Everyone has a stick line. Everyone's calling with some stupid stupid. But what do you hear? He's back. Well, Tom to stick it in there. Correct. Come. W-Y-O-D. And you have a name of the song. Yeah, bet. On a narrow. Yeah. Panna narrow. Now, what does that mean? He already called and I hung up on him. No, no, but there was another one. I said the same thing. What does that mean? You're the one that knows Italian. Panna narrow is an Italian. This is not a bit. So in other words, you're telling me that the Pet Shop Boys are Italian now. Is that what you're telling me? No, what the Pet Shop Boys. Brother. All I can say is, it'll fit Richard, might be my mother. Okay, 751, W-Y-O-D and date, 5249. We can kill four hours with this because we're never going to come up with a name for it. We aren't. And it's everywhere. It's all over the place. Why don't you call up Gabe Baptiste over there? Call up somebody at MTV Latino. They play the video. It's a great song. It's fantastic. And I didn't even like them. Okay, I like their videos. But I don't like them. They can, I was going to say suck, but they already do probably a lot. But it happens to be a fantastic song. And as usual, this is a crowd, you know, and I can't blame you because when you listen to FM in this town anyway, what do you got? The same crap. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm sorry. The Italian, the C-O-V-D. The Pet Shop Boys. Hey. I think that's it. Thank you so much. You're welcome. All right. Yes. Yes. Now was that so hard? Was that so goddamn hard? C-O-V-D. A big your part. That's the way life is. C-O-V-D. That's a great song. And they keep repeating it over and over again. But it's a fantastic song. Is it an old song? Is it a new song? Has somebody got it? Whatever happened to all our music connections. Besides Tracy with that stale old stuff, she sends us all the time. Whatever happened to that. What happened to our friends over there at the peaches in her been specks and all these other people? Whatever happened when we used to be on the air. Anyway, thank you so much. That's the name of the song. And if I were you I'd go out and buy it right now. I'd go out and find it. And I'd also probably bring one over here. And I'll play it over and over again. And it's either that or Luis Miguel, one or the other. Or in Riquita, Grisius. Well, he is there's another good cut which I'm going to play today. By the way, don't let me forget the thing about something about religion. What is that call? Oh, it just goes on and on. It's called experience. Yeah, really Josa. And I don't think the lyrics have anything to do with that to be honest with you. Although it does start getting real gospel Bible thumped in there and it just goes nuts. It's great. Nice going and Riquita. 1022 at Wiod. News talking entertainment radio. News talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. It down on your hands and he's and lick my food. Loosen one. Listen, booze. His butt did the valda bitty in my Sunday. Not as old as dead but she sure is crazy. Oh, I'm telling you, he's quite a pity. Lift it on alone on social security. She got back to the Itza true setup. Walk him by the door and her brand new get up. She trips to the mall. She tries to call. I fall and I can't get up. I fall and I can't get up. You'll imagine us seeing with the one time. I'll let you and know. Yo, yo, yo, yo. Me and the crew used to polo that blew her. And now she's not allowed to this. The drove her away in an ambulance. Make it commercial. Make a bit of fun. I fall and I can't get up. So, wouldn't you know, it turns out. And this bears out exactly what I was saying before. It turns out to be not a Hispanic name. It's an Italian title. Say Avida A. And what does that mean? That's the way life is. That's the way life is. And the name of the album is by Lingual, which is the new album, which is coming out today. And Tracy said she's getting me a copy of it. Like immediately, if not soon, it probably tomorrow. So that's the name of the song by the Pet Shop Boys. And that's probably why I saw it on the TV over there in Rome is because it's Italian. It's the Pet Shop Boys in Italian. And the point I was making is you noticed that the American Guido's, they don't know from nothing Italian. All they know is a big bunch of sauce. Just take a whole bunch of sauce and lay it on a bunch of noodles and that's Italian. And the interesting part of it is when you go to Italy, which have been there like over 30 times now, the American tourists and there are far too many of them. But there are a lot of them. They're not Italians. They're like Irish and they're like Jews and they're a variety of other goyums. But there's almost no Italians. It's like that kid that 20-some-year-old kid that called Phil Wandaise, several months ago, said, well, I'm Italian, but I would never want to go to Italy. And I came on the next morning and I said, what kind of a moron would say something? What is he afraid he's going to see there? What is he afraid is he going to find out what being Italian is really all about? Like maybe he'd have to, you know, so is foreskin back on or something like that? Please George? They don't really mind to be honest with it. They don't care one way or the other. They're not like judgmental about stuff like that. They don't care. Whether you've got three-skin, four-skin, just kiss me on both cheeks and that's it. And mean it. That's all. Say, I've either A, say I've either A, it's a Canadian, it's an Italian, Canadian song, A. What's wrong with you people? What are you going to get to the 21st century already for Christ's Sakes? You're living in a past in the dark ages because you're listening to all this crap on a radio here on FM, all this slush music. How many times can you hear of the same garbage over and over again? Haven't we heard Credence Clearwater Revival and Up yet? Enough yet? Yeah, exactly. Jesus God, if I have to hear Roland, if I have to hear that one more time and I'm going to take that radio I'm going to just, I'm going to shove a fat boy right through it. I'm going to let it skin her. A sweet home Alabama. How many times do you read next? Half the year sweet home Alabama. We're just one more time. I could understand if you're over there in the Dunder Dome in Tampa. Oh, you ought to see those rednexco crazy when they play that over there. Yeah, here's your laugh and I'm serious. They just go ape shot. Oh yes, we'd home Alabama. Pick that thing, baby. We don't care if it never heals. Just pick it. Oh God. So anyway, 5, 2, 4, W, W, D is the Broward number. We're waiting to see a little action over there. We're not going to see any. I can see that already. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Oh, bad. Good connection. Oh, really? Real bad. Call me back. The worst. Well, at least you tried anyway. 751 W, W, D and day, the Broward lines are all open for F5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 5, 2, 4, W, W, W, W, D and the two green lines, 1, 800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 1, 8, 10, 4, 4, W, W, W, W, W, D. So I come in yesterday morning after being away for 10 days and I had had that legitimate call from the real fat Richard home of the afternoon before just an hour. It's just a scan hour after I walked in the door. He gave me his usual historical spy report and the end to job. And all I did was come in yesterday morning and ask Rick and Suds, what it was that was going on, especially on Phil's show because I heard about these bizarre things that were going on. All of a sudden that turns it like now the knives are coming out and we're stabbing each other in the back. So like I said, if it's going to be a blood bath for three weeks, I mean, I don't really see any reason why it should have to be that. But if that's what people want it to be, more power to. I have no problem with that at all. Here's coconut grove. Hello. Any old radius, how you doing? Haven't called you a long time. Hello. Yeah. What's going on? It's the old. It's the pressing. Yeah. My day was going great. Mine was too up till now. Come on, Neil. You're so chronic, man. Well, me chronic. I haven't called you in a long time. You know, the only reason why I called you today is because I'm off from work and your back from vacation, which takes for ponderous my God. Anyway, I was jogging down by money trainers this morning and guess who I saw, he was jogging past my just by me, Brian North Cross. I called him. I turned around and told him, my brain, you blow. He shook his head. He's kept on jogging. Yeah. What a moron. Neil, I was talking to a buddy of mine. He's a, he's a Muslim. And I've heard that a Muslim, you know, people that are Muslim to Muslims. The Muslims, you know, when they get married, all during their lifetime, you know, the man or the woman, they don't see each other naked. You know, that's why they, the woman carry so many, you know, stuff on them. Shmata's. Yeah, whatever you call them. Anyway, so I asked his guy, he's a Muslim. Is this Muslims are Mormons? No, Muslims. Because the Mormons, you know, have that glory hole in their underwear. Well, they're magic underwear. They have a little glory on it. Yeah. Right. So I, I, I, I, I, I, I said, let's do one for all glory. I couldn't believe it. But this guy told me was true. I asked this guy. He's a good friend of mine. Right. He said, yeah, we're not supposed to see our wives naked. Why not? Just a girlfriend, sir. Neil, how about their boyfriend's? No, nothing. Or the lady can't see the man either. Yeah. In other words, this people go through a whole lifetime, you know, 30 years of married whatever, 40 years. So in other words, if Richard Nixon would have been a Muslim pat would have been able to see dick, is that what you're saying? Exactly. Naked. You imagine, I mean, for a moment, like, let's say, you know, you've been living with a loashmiggo for a long time. Oh, Jesus. And you and you are not able to see him in the life. I shouldn't be wasting my time here. I'd, I'd see it. There you go. Unbelievable. Neil, I know my braille pal. I can feel my way around. Neil, enclosing. Yeah. Not solamente Neil Rogers. It's also being unparacled. See ya. Take care. OK. He redeemed himself with that little bird. We have an open line of dates. We have an open line in the blue line. Eight of them. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. That was something about sunset admitting that there's all I've can't crap under his bed this morning. He thinks it's just a smell of the bloney he had. People with cats, man. You need some serious ass assistance. I'll tell you that right now. And my aversion to pussy cats has been like, you know, it wasn't just a cat that I had in my arms that crept all over me when I was a little kid. It just every time. And you see cats that like rub themselves up against your legs. And you think, boy, aren't they being friendly? They're not friendly at all. They're just horny little bastards. And they're just selfish. And they're obnoxious and irri and the creepy cats and the pussy and the people who are, what's the name of that book? Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. That plantation, won't fire. It started in the Pizzeria, an oven blew up. Yeah. 40, 40, that woman was crazy. Well, it looks only got. What do you mean that woman was crazy? That was crazy. She said that. That was our good, close personal record friend, Tracy, that sent me the album by Lingul by the Pet Shop. Your business is 40 businesses burnt to the ground. Well, what does she know? 40. Yeah. Looks got a little smoke damage. That's it. 40 people there were on the news. They were crying they rise up. She's still thumped up for their entire lives with destroyed and in one hour. Unbelievable. It started in CJ's picture. Yeah. And you know, every business on a probably eight-terer one time. I would think so. Of course. Yeah. I've eaten there. It was OK. I'm believable. Huh? You were way at the time. Yeah, it was on Friday, right? Right. Well, how come all these things that happened? And nobody has told me about them. I'm finding out a days later in old stalaricles in the newspaper. And you live there. Right. I live a stone's throw from there. A ride live a good raw, strong rock's throw from there. And now you do. Yeah. And also. Let's be pressing. We said our condolences to all our good friends at CJ's. I think they used to be a sponsor one time many years ago. Yeah, they were. Long time ago. Right. Yeah. They were. I know. I've eaten in there a few times. OK. Yeah. No. Not anymore. I guess. Well, maybe the pizza loft will maybe he'll come up with a different location for his reopening. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news. OK. We sent our condolences to all our good friends at the Plantation Town Mall. It's a landmark in Plantation. Plantations are pretty, you know, it's OK as bedroom towns go. It's not really all that bad. It's certainly as sure as hell. It's got the crappy dot of sunrise. It's sure got the crappy dot of like Pembroke Pines. We don't have any cemetery village in Plantation or any acres with all to a policies to George. It's got the crappy dot of Hollywood. I mean, you look at the various bedroom towns which south floor is just a compilation of one after another after another. Just a whole bunch of disconnected bedroom towns is what this town is all about. There is no downtown Miami, at least not one recognizable one of the A, but he shops that are walks around in and without taking her life in her hands or something. There certainly is no downtown for Loderdale that has any significance. Would you say there's a downtown for Loderdale? That Losola. Well, the Losola is not downtown for Loderdale. Losola is a bunch of RC Fartsy shops and restaurants for overpriced very pretentious, very pretentious, very tasty, touristy exactly. But there is no one. I've told you that for 20 years and there's still a little bit of an ever will be. And there never will be any Miami arena either in Mickey Harrison is going to be crying to blues. And you can be sure by the way, and I neglected to mention this yesterday, you can be sure that the Miami hero is going to be behind our teal, hook line and stinker, okay? Because Alex Penelis was the one commissioner that had the balls to vote against the arena in Miami. And he's the one that's running against our teal for mayor for Metro Mayor. And so they're hereled with all of their connections with Mickey Harrison and with what's his name over there at Channel 6 that the Grave Robert Ike Siemens. But they're all going to be incoats together. They'll be back in our teal to the hill. You can bet your life on it, okay? You can bet your stinking life on it. Just like they back Joe Carrillo in a city of Miami because they got him hook line and stinker locked up too. But guess what? People like Joe Carrillo and the Miami hero, then Tony Ritter and all those go in over there. They're not getting their way anymore. How do you like that? Too bad. And let me make it very clear to you one more time. Just keep this in mind. When a man whose name, whose last name ends in a consonant, takes on a man whose last name ends in a vowel, no contest. 1037 at Wiod. Why don't you go back to New York? You're a whop bastard. I'm a crazy little girl. I was talking to a wise guy, fella. Instead of what the better two girls at Bella, bitchy, tell her. Trasado was your mother and your youngest sister, Stoma. Hey, bapha, gula. Driving down my highway in my ira, with my honey, while Sonsgooca, baster, whop, low, low, be money. So I blew his times with my husband, wasn't gani. Hey, bapha, gula. Bapha, gula, bapha, gula. Like I stood out for his, the only family for me. Bapha, gula, bapha, gula, bapha, gula. Like I pulled down Goli on the end, jogati. You will find a business very busy. Down in Vegas and as far as New York City, in the juziest, not hard to find us. And fact, they don't really see no mind us. Remember Jimmy Hopper, all the money that he's been. And the best I never paid us back, we didn't see his end. Now he's working for the Manalance Holding Up Some Man. Hey, bapha, gula. Oh, bapha, gula, bapha, gula. Bapha, gula, bapha, gula. Bapha, gula, bapha, gula. Hey, bapha, gula. But the 1043 at WD, we got a couple of lines open in date, 751. If you really rush, if you race at the phone. So now somebody says it's Portuguese. It's not Italian. It's say I've eaten a, which that don't sound like Italian in the Mani way to be honest with it. Somebody says it's Portuguese. So if there's anybody from Brazil out there that knows their Portuguese or if there's just somebody out there who can't speak straight into the Codathone and Graathius who speak through the speedste effect, call in and make a full lot of yourself. Here's Miami, Buenos dias. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. Great to have you back. Okay. Hey, let's see. Do you say so? Well, no, believe me. Great to be head. Yeah. Hey, listen, buddy of mine, we're going to be, uh, not being able to listen to you for a while. Why not? Well, we're both going to be starting to fire Academy. There's coming Thursday. You're going to be sliding up and down those poles together. We're going to slide. Huh? And I was wondering if, uh, in our parting, if you could do a paper and, uh, play that, um, that O.J. Uh, parody that you got where he sounds really funny and whatnot. Yeah. Oh, where? Now, let me ask you this. Ask me. What do you, uh, where is fire Academy? Is like here? Uh, yet it's, yeah, it's over, uh, by Miami-Dade North Campus. And you like live there? No, uh, yeah. Can you leave your bunk up with each other, is that it? No, we don't bunk up, uh, we, uh, bunker up in the bunker gear. You're hunker up in the bunker, yeah. Right. But, uh, we go there really early in the morning, seven o'clock in, uh, no, do they really grease that pole when you guys slide up and down to avoid, like, um, you know, grease, grrrr exactly. Right. Whiplash? Yeah, yeah, yeah, they, uh, they grease it up and it makes us, uh, really, uh, be able to slip and slide, uh, uh, and, uh, slipping and sliding. Wow. So, uh, you know, we just want to say goodbye and, uh, thanks to life for all the memory. Okay. What do you, what do you mean goodbye? Well, I mean, good bye. You're not coming back at the end of 16 weeks. Are you, what are you going to go off and seek your fortune to be a fireman and debukers somewhere? No, no, no. We, we just, uh, you know, goodbye for now anyway. And, uh, you know, hopefully, uh, hopefully by the time you come back, we'll be in our new building and get an out of this mess and we'll have like a life that's right. Hey, by the way, uh, that green baking was awesome. Oh, there, I'm telling you, Brett far of last night. He was in credit. He was throwing passes into a crowd. I mean, he was like pin pointing. He would, I have, it was a dream. I won't say I've never, but I've seldom seen a performance like that in my life. He was spectacular. He will look awesome. If anybody out there doubts that the Packers are the team to beat this year, they're a dreamin'. They, they did look really, really well. They, they, they, they, they don't say what? Listen, uh, you know, we might be starting out a new, but, uh, don't just count our doffins. Yeah, well, you know, Dave, Dave Hyde again stole my show from yesterday and writes a whole column in a paper today, repeating everything that I said yesterday about to get a handle on his stereo. Don't get too carried away. It's right. They're the original. You're the one and only. Okay, pal. You're the one and only. They like that. And I'm going to go program my VCR to, uh, tape my wish. Okay. All right. Two open lines in days, 751 9463 751 WIOD. We're playing it right after the thing. Okay. After we do our thing, he's got plenty of time. Just went and down, roll it out. So they're going to be sliding up and down the grease pull together. You think the fire department is kind of like pyrametics? You think that most firefighters are, um, I don't want to say flaming. That's a big. What? Huh? They look awful, but, well, that's because they got that big yellow hose they'd rag around. And they all have mustachees. No, they don't. A lot of them. Firemen have mustache or a medics and dolphin trainer. No, paramedics don't have mustachees. Most paramedics are like punky little kids like, uh, 20, 22, 24 year old young guys. Very pretty guys that were that green gown. Maybe it's just all the ones on top. Maybe that's song, Alice Green gown. Well, that's what they wear. Most paramedics are, uh, trust me what I tell you. Flaming. Oh, there he goes again. You know, those faggets, they think everybody else. Well, even if they're not. It's more, it's more disturbing to everybody else to think that they might be. 1047 a WIO D. Well, he is held 1053 a WIO D. We have all the deadlines open all of a sudden. We got some new deal going on there. There's always a new deal going on in this town. You know, it's 751, 9463, 751. So the important thing, let's see, can't nearly retired while I was on vacation. It's in the paper this morning. Mario decides to come back for at least one more season. Mario does end in I tell you that if he didn't play in a world cup that he would play the season for the penguins, any will. Canadian's jostle in TBO sign a three year contract and they also sign leftling or Martin Ruchinski to a two year contract who's out of a player and we got the World Cup starting tonight, the finals in Philadelphia, US in Canada, Canada and the USA. And that's it. And of course, we got the dolphins in the jets on Sunday. Sunday, by the way, is Fat Rich's birthday. Okay. So I guess he got his present from Phil yesterday. That's one thing. Let me say it again when you do it when you rip somebody and somebody else's voice man. It's always a good excuse. Here's a lady in Palm Beach garden, this hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Good to have you back. You had me in stitches yesterday about the dread stories. I was really funny. It's a very mediocre place. Oh my God. Marginal at best. Did you see the article or story? I don't know if they ran into the sun on the Palm Beach post about the Hulk that I guess went over the TV. I'll read it to you real quickly. Basically, they ran an ad about independence day. But they made it sound as if there were aliens coming into New York. Who's they? Uh, so here, tell us, think, go network. And they did it on Saturday and Sunday. Tell us, think, go network, yeah. Yeah. And basically, people were calling in like all day Saturday and Sunday. So the switch boards were going crazy because they thought it was real. Nice. So I thought, oh God. I'm sure horse and well says it would be very proud. Yeah, they would be a mention that they had a meal or two or three with them. Exactly. But yeah, it was pretty funny. I thought that you'd appreciate something like that. Uh-huh. Anyway, so, uh. Sounds like somebody running a tape of a hurricane coverage in the middle of while everybody's panicking about a hurricane coming. Right. Yeah. OK, Neil. OK, thanks. Yeah, thanks for the good news. It's been a very successful year responsible to me. A dayd lines wide open air. Look at that. Looking at here, seven five one. Is it possible? Or is it just, it must just be me? seven five one nine, four six three seven five one W 90. Maybe the residue of that stuff that Andy Calb was wearing yesterday is seeping through the speakers of radios all over Dave County. Didn't he smell like a French orhouse yesterday or what? Polo for men. Plus he was also it seemed to me very recounts at rent for the usually aboliot and flowing forth with crap and the cowb. It seemed to me that he was also part of this almost hostile, you know what I'm saying? He's become very disinterested as you might imagine. Well, you know, I'm glad that you mentioned that about being disinterested, okay? I wasn't going to bring this up until I decided to bring it up which was today. But it's, and I don't want to sound like holier than now because I'm going to be honest with you. I'm just, you know, I'm showing up here every day doing the best I can try to make something out of nothing. That for 20 years, very effectively, by the way. But, you know, you do the best you can. But when you have a little bit of pride and suffering, specced in what you do, you don't just kind of, and I'm not talking about Andy. I'm talking about people downstairs, for example. I'm not going to sing about any salespeople at any level of our sales department. I'm not going to sing about any people responsible for copy, for producing it, or typing it. Anyway, for 10 days and you come back, and people are paying very serious money on a radio station to advertise for us to do a job for them. And even as difficult as it was in the past before the station was a lame duck, as difficult as it was in the past to get certain people to do their job and give us some ammunition to work with and do an effective job for people under spending their harder and money. So we can do an effective job if you're following what I'm talking about. As difficult as that was in the past, now it's virtually impossible because nobody cares. I mean, if they didn't care before, you can imagine how much they care now. Because maybe they're not going to be here, or maybe they might be here, but they're not really sure, or maybe they're pissed off because nobody tells them, who knows? But if you think I'm exaggerating in terms of going and being in limbo here, baby, I mean, we're talking about some people that just show up and take a paycheck and that's it. Trust me what I tell you. So up, go through the motions, take long lunch breaks, run around a building, smooth around a lot, do a lot of yenta crap, back fight, just like that thing yesterday. Okay, that little episode that we had in here, which of course will not go on a year. And there are certain people amazed at the fact that I'm not more in tune with what the personal lives are of the people I work with. Let me just tell you this. I don't care about the personal lives of the people I work with. I wish them all the best. I wish them nothing but the best except for Johnny Dolan. And that's it. I don't get involved. I'm not running around doing a yenta routine to find out which one is sleeping with this one. I know certain alliances we got in the building because they practically shove them in your post. You know what I'm saying? I mean, when you show up to do an appearance and you've got this one sitting on somebody else's lap, you automatically assume that something might be going on there. Do you know what I'm talking about on that? But that's okay. I have no problem with that. But it's just that I'm not running around looking to find out who's sleeping with this one and who's doing it. I come here to do a job and get there a lot of here. I mean, get there a lot of here at 2 o'clock instantly immediately if not sooner. That's it. I don't come here to shmoose around. I don't come here to gossip around who's screwing this one and who's just quite frankly other than JC. The rain nobody in this building. I'm interested in touching anyway. Is there? Did I leave anybody out? And haven't seen him lately either, by the way. Hi Annette. Well, Lisa Smollin anyway, there wasn't a shot that was just a personal observation. It's all that there's no secret there. Oh, don't start again about how big it is. Now good it is. You know, Jesus, talk about stereotypes. Was her last husband Cuban or what? Puerto Rican. Puerto Puerto Rican. Well, that's not even a contest. Now she's going out with a black guy and the big deal is that the black guy is like four times the size of the Puerto Rican. Is that a surprise? Is that a shock? So that gets it up to four inches. So when it was I talking about before she started again with this black and white thing. Now this is back on I'd feel Henry thing again. Don't you sometimes wonder about that whole thing? Don't you ever wonder about that deal? We have an open line on the green line. What? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh boy, I'm telling you don't get me started. Don't get me started today because I'm ready. I am really ready to unleash. If you want a blood bath here, if you want a radio war, the likes of what you never heard, it will take very little to instigate this kid. OK, because I have never seen anything like the last four months, which is only seemed like about 150 years. And I have blood gushing out of my teeth. I have blood gushing out of every port. My body. I'm going through a cerebral hemorrhage as I speak now. You're window into the soul of stupidity. Puerto Rican. Why, O.D. You're my Emmy Forta Lodder Day. I'm going to entertain with radio 610 WIOD. So as we wake those bastards up, here's four louder, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? How you doing? Great. Hey, let me ask you something when Mickey Erson started this whole thing about his arena. Yeah. Wasn't he aware that there was still a majority of people down there who live in date, you know, as unfortunate as it may be, that thought to themselves, well, hey, I still got half a brain in my head. I don't want it arena in another. You don't understand that they never had the intention of having it on a ballot in the first place. Yeah. Dan Paul became the trigger in the wood pile when he came along and started gathering these signatures on a petitions and they want to get it on the ballot and now it's going to go down in flames beyond a shadow of a doubt in November. There is no question. And especially because it's a presidential election, you have a big turnout. You know, the biggest turnout is always in these presidential election years. Oh, so it's going to go down overwhelmingly. I mean, it's going to take up beating the likes of which nobody has ever seen and they never anticipated that. The Harold people and Erson thought they could slide this through with the help of assholes like Joe Carroyo and some of the, you know, politicians they have in their pockets and they never thought that the public would get to vote on it. Yeah. And I'm sure there's more than enough people down there that will still drive up this way when this arena is built. Yeah. You know. And that's about it. Okay. Remember, Hank hates you. Okay. All day, what's going on here in date? We had a couple of assholes. Is that it? And that was at 7519-463. They're non-communicative in date all of a sudden, huh? And we have an open line in Broward. 5249-463-524W-I-O-D. Here is the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. So you took a little vacation there. Yeah. Yeah. While welcome back, I just, uh, I'm a work. I just wanted to be able to listen. Yeah. And computers, life and life can't hear. Yeah. So that's a M radio, man. So that's another one of the great advantages of being on an M radio. People on the inside, most of them can't hear you. Plus, you get to know when and when and when, they're storming outside. Yeah. But yeah. But you do get that, uh, you get that skip sometimes at night. Yeah. That's right. You get WLS in Chicago. WBC in Boston. KDK in Pittsburgh. All the great stations. See, this is the thing about growing up up north is that people who were in a radio, they got to hear what real radio was all about back then. You got to hear all these great stations. These 50,000 mile powerhouses from all over the country. People that grew up down here when you turn the AM radio dial, all you get is a no-spicketing place. Yeah, back when they came. From all over the Caribbean. Back when they had clear channel. Right. And, uh, in fact, I could listen to 60, 770 and 80. Right. How and, uh, will you be Williams on, uh, 1130? W, do you want to do it? Yeah. Yes. OK, Neil. And her Bosch, Randerson. Oscar Anderson. On W ABC. Oh, I left New York after a while, W ABC was still a new, uh, music station. What did I just get to say? You think her Bosch, Randerson was a talk show host? I don't, I don't work. Her Bosch, Randerson was the anchor. He was the morning man. He was like older than Matthus, love it. He was on in the morning. He was like Carl the Sus was on WBC in Boston. He was there. He was 200 years old. You better get with it, Fad. You better do some research. Get on that computer. One of the thing, uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, do you ever hear a salty brine? Who? Salty brine and WPRO? No. OK. OK. Have a great life. Oh, God. Uh, we, uh, we, what's going on here all of a sudden? Man, we were just rolling longs and going to song. Don't count your chickens before they hatch. I thought we had to cap the audience pretty much today because it's another crappy day and paradise baby. I thought we had a pretty captive audience here today. Wrong. 751 Wiodd. Date County. OK. We're waiting on you. Wiod. 524 Wiodd and Broward. Two open lines there. It's 11 after 11 at Wiodd. He's talk at entertainment radio. 610 Wiod. My vagina really gets my panties and a lot. 211 in Nanomata Morley Street, in, and in the Sdgeon lands. Woo A kind of tuffer for those who are interested in the wild. Is that ano sebagai years ago? We're in just hands against You. For God will get in no way! You shall have lost my life forever! Hurry, baby! Give me your hand! Now, you are right! I'm not a man, I'm a man I'm not a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm a man I don't trust, honestorial I haven't felt this in so long is the moment I see if I want to feel this way Feel the movie I'm an ruber ed I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, you love me, I love none, you loved me, deceived? I'm not because of you, since you stood me out of the way for you to come to see my beautiful old love, you have a lot of rights and solidarity, I have a lot of rights, and so I am being didn't do these deals. baby I love you well young, Son of a girl, and yet, I love you no other man, but better than you was I'm not good now, and I'm not good, but better than I am not a man, but better than not struggle, but give nothing, but not good, or softly, but I never go, I am not better you, I get you, I don't listen, don't I'm not, am not, I'm Ricky baby, that's it. Name him and claim him. You can have him. He's okay, my book. I'm telling you that. Now let me ask you this. How come he says, like, cut our thorn and what's that other word that he said in there? There was some other one where he did this. But like that. And Louise don't say that. Mexicans don't do that? Because I think Enrique is a Spanish-bic. Isn't his dad? Yeah. He's a Julio. There were a lot of specs that think that that's cool that that gets them closer to the mother country if they live. Closer to their mother? If they speak, because they speak like that. They sound like a mother to me. I'll tell you that. Mexicans don't do that. They don't speak with the list. Only the Spanish. Yeah, I told you they think Gratius. All the people at the hotel, the guy at the new stand. I went out and bought USA today and tomorrow in the next day. It is Gratius. And they got some crappy currency there in Spain to the coins. You know, in Europe coins there are much more of a big deal than they are here because they have larger denominations. Like in the Netherlands. And the Spanish coins are like big and heavy. So most of the Spanish men walk around all day with their hands deep and their pockets feeling a change. Which probably is why they say Gratius. Here is plantation, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. At least we can still our change, but you cannot see a yours. Yeah. You said, yeah. Get off them, my way. Get off them. Get off them. Where you got a sock? You got a sock over there. Get over there. Where's that? You know, he waited for like over an hour to do that. That was pretty good. We have an open line in date. 7519463. If I ever got off the airwaves, man, you'd have no life. Who the hell are you kiddin' okay? Put it back in your pants and stop trying to lie to the public. Stop trying to pretend that you're not in the show. So deeply your life revolves around it. Okay. Every breath you take revolves around your show. You lie in little spick. 5249463. 524 now we got date fixed a little bit. Now Broward went in the crapper. How do you like that? We just can't get out. We can't balance it. We're trying to do a juggling act here today, man. We can't seem to balance our ass. 5249463. That's the best we can do is that jackass and Broward. That's the best we can do. It is 1121-Wild. The Ted Turner brings you for the first time anywhere. The off-colorized version of the film classic Gone With The Wind. Starring Vivian Lee, a Scarlet O'Hara. And Andrew Dice Clay as Red Butler. Don't be honey. The off-colorized version of Gone With The Wind on TNT. Red duly is in the middle of the night. I must have learned you were the least. I was just too much full. I didn't know it. Please, Ruby. You must hear. Listen, honey. Yai, bad enough for this. Sash, please. Ah, madahee. I never really loved this. No, Lion. Bitch. I guess when you had yet tongue in his mouth, you're a clean in his teeth. And Andrew Dice Clay. And Vivian Lee in the off-colorized version of Gone With The Wind. You go, I guess I go watch that too. Why don't you big, ah, hucka? Because frankly, your bitch, I don't give up. And coming on TNT next week, the off-colorization of Levi to beaver. Beaver, I have never been more disappointed in you than I was today when you walked in the principal's office wearing that horrible sweatshirt. Well, dad, I was a little more disappointed when I found out you named me after the first thing you saw when I was born. Catch all the action this week on TNT. Okay, sure we're let's 1126 to WIOD. We got 48 open lines and dates, 72 open lines and Broward and 178 lines on a green lines. I want to work on a state since got 50,000 phone lines, man. I want to be on all over the world. And I want to just sit there and pump the numbers for 15 hours every day over and over and over and over again. Never take a call. Just give the numbers over and over and over again. God would that be great. Here's Papeno, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I agree with the left, Paula. I think it should be great. Yeah, uh huh. Great. Another guy would do in your phone he dice for us. Just say, you're a good timing to right after we played that bit. Very good, very original two man. Open line on a green line. 1 8 head red 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. Here's Hollywood on a purple line, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't know what I would do without you, man. So people are crazy. I believe you show for a long time is my first time calling. Well, see people that have nothing to say. They figure if they call on a pretend that they're going to be, you know, ripping me and asked it, you know, it's very clever. Then they can put it in a little boyfriends. I'll do here. We call it Rogers today. And I really ripped that bag at last. And at the meantime, the next day, the right back there were 10 o'clock. What are head between your legs? Let's do the radio. I don't know what the time of our meal. We love you. Okay, pal. I wanted to make a scene, but she asked. Yes. I want to hear that song. I want to weed. I want to about the timid. Oh, no. You've got to be kidding me. Come here. You can't be yanking my femur, man. Why? You mean that piece of crap? Yeah, man. Okay. Okay. Thanks. See ya. See ya. Sorry. So sorry, Paul. I went down to Jorabbe Stadium just to watch the dolphin's play. Drinking beer since six this morning. Blendon drinking the beer all the time. Got my seat on the old song layer. Fifty miles from the uran hall. First quarter in the play is crucial. My kidneys are about to go on the hall. I got to weed. I got to weed. Challenge are totaling. My time is off floating. Next, excuse me, please. If I don't make it to the jam, every breath you'll all be floating on. Break out the life rest. Get me another draft. I got to weed. I get to dinner is back room. But the line is 20G. I've doubled over in pain here as the long line begins to creep. I forgot all about the dolphins. And now there's about two star. I stepped out of line to watch it. In line steps one team or another. I got to weed. I got to weed. dolphins are winning. My head is swimming. Excuse me, please. If I don't make it to the jam, I've been a very good fisherman. I got to run now. Boy is this fun now. I got to weed. I got to weed. I got to weed. Galleries are closing. My chances are floating. Excuse me, please. If I don't make it to the jam, every breath you'll all be floating on. Break out the life rest. Get me another draft. I got to weed. dolphins are winning. My head is swimming. I got to weed. If I don't make it to the jam, I'm going to be a very embedded man. I'm not on now. Boy is this fun now. I got to weed. I got to weed. Are you sure? 1129 at WIOD. Happy Tuesday to you. From all your friends, all your pizons, all your gun off from here at WIOD. Soon to be a division of packs. I noticed the clock up there on the thing. Not the clock would like the countdown number. They got to 20. The Bud Clock. Now what does that mean? 20 days? That's right. Today's the 10th of September. 20 days and 20 nights. And so it's going to rain. We're going to wash away our sins. It's going to be raining every night for hours and hours. For the next because it's an active god, man. It's an active god. Right. And then on the 30th of September, that's a Monday. Ron and Ronald be on an amoei. We haven't really heard enough a lot of response to that. That was the cart we're cueing just relax. Which, who's handwriting is that on there? By the way, it's not yours. You're lucky about that. It's that cart. Yeah, but wait a second. That one. So anyway, Ron and Ronald be on an amoei. They just to piss off that spit they've called before. And then in the afternoon, Rick and Suds are going back to the afternoon. How do you like that? I wet my pants. And then we don't know after that. Yesterday, I thought maybe Andy Calb would slip us a little insight and information there about default. And what the latest poop is on the sports talk show where the default is coming or going or staying or in or out or what. But he was recalcitoring once again. And eight to midnight will not be Dr. Laura. But we don't know what it is. But that's it. Can we be any clearer than that? Can we draw a diaphragm for you? And these people that are still calling up like they're one guy to correct this morning. Oh, after after a September came, I didn't under. We're always going on. I thought that you guys were playing game. The film was still on. Let me say it again. He'll be on till the 27th of August. We'll be the last Phil Henry show on his radio station. And then the 30th of September, which is a Monday, starts to new line up. And that's the name of that tune. Okay. That's the name of Can Koon. Here's Rob Pombie. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. You know, that Dr. Laura. Close. She is proof. She is. I have no, you know, sometimes I hear these shows. And people tell me, oh, she's really big in some markets. Yeah, maybe like in Windix. She's really big. You know, I can't imagine any other market. She could be big. And because she's pathetic, her answers are hostile. She is so amateur. I'm a daughter's mother. My mother's whatever it is. He wages psychological warfare in every corner. Right. Exactly. I know if I had a gun to my temple. If I was sitting in temple with a gun, I'd be chasing her ass. Okay. Because she's the most depressing bitch I've ever heard in my life. And she's so like, church mental. Right. Exactly. I mean, here are all these desperate desperate people with their serious problems. Who are so desperate. They're stupid enough to call our radio talk show, bitch on a phone somewhere. I love their problems. And all she does is bitch him out. Remember Fatso, the movie Fatso? Yeah. Okay. Remember when Tommy, the $40 with the Chinese food. Yeah. He was sitting in the room in the dark room, looking out the window. Get the honey, Junior. Yeah. Yeah. If he picked up the phone and called Dr. Laura. Oh, trust me. He would have jumped out that. He would have eaten the walls. And when Anthony and Crop came in and hit him with that umbrella. I'm Brella. I'm Brella. No, it was a... You're a Tionny. Yeah. She's the most incredible actor. She's great. How'd you like to be a fly in a wall in that house with her and Mel Brooks? That would be... Yeah. Any other movie such... She's in that, you know, that she's like really intense like that. And Bank Crop, she was in that Fag movie. What the hell was the name of that? I don't want to... Well, I mean, it was... I don't mean it was like... Well, it was a Fag movie. I don't know. What did she play the mother? What did she play at Harvey Firesteen's mother? What did that fruit fly movie? Turtseong trilogy. I think that was the movie. What was that? Turtseong trilogy. Tort. Yeah. Tort. Tort. Sigh. T Institute for television. Turgh in the Olympics. Tragh. And in the Greeks. TorpingThe soaked. Turgh. Turgh. Turgh. Turgh is a serving of corporations. Turgh is a serving ofieran .turgh. Turgh is here. Turgh is here. Turgh is here. my heart. Turgh is here. Take care of his son, no, you can handle it. Turgh is here in this triangle, huh? Turgh! Jahre Turgh be searchable. tsk. Boyfriend is used to watch TV preysmacks. Turgh is driving away. We have an open line in date 7519463751 ports alluchi cheese. Well boy that was your quick thank you so much God it's service with a smile and a plate. Thank you Ray Ray for coming. Yes. Oh yeah I don't know where yesterday's plate is maybe she'll still leave it. Yeah Phil got kind of hostile about that one day we had a plate that had been sitting there for about all of 45 minutes and he became a little bit psychotic about that. About the fact that the plates are long gone. Are they did you get yesterday's plate? I think somebody ate it. They took it downstairs or maybe it's downstairs or maybe like I said Phil is making a collection. Nothing like a couple of really good weeners to pop in your post. Just to piss off the pseudo psycho lecture as whatever they are. I can't speak with the onion of my thing. Here's a Miami's gun open line in date 7519463 lady curl springs hello. Yes ma'am. I want to thank you thank you for vindicating Italians for trying to educate the American public on what the difference between Italians from Italy and the Guido's from New York roll about. Yes ma'am. But I want to go a step further and educate them as to the reason why. People don't realize that until 1860 Italy wasn't even unified as unified country. Before unified Italy and Mussolini then brought the language to be a common language during the war. Up until then there wasn't even any association between the northern and the southern parts of Italy. Everybody in America thinks that Italians are dark skin, dark hair and citizen table leaving both of the getty. Top of the floor. Yeah. Feaster. Right. That's really not the way we are. I'm from near Milan and our main staple is rise. It isn't even pasta. You know something I hate to break the news because I know that Rosato is very popular in northern Italy but I just it's an acquired taste. I just don't like it. Well you don't have to like it but it just educates the people on what the differences are. Right. There is even a political party if you were recently there called a political party of the north. Right. Which is trying to separate the two regions. Exactly. Yeah. And I'm not trying to put down the southern Italians because they contributed a great deal to the United States. Yeah. A lot of good they did here but there's a very different difference. Look how they helped us when it was a mafia at the end of World War II there. The what? I say look how the mafia helped us out at the end of World War II. Well the mafia. Yeah. People don't know that civilians originally were blonde here at in blue eye. Corneo and AC. Until the Spanish and the Arabic and the Greek influences there. Yeah. My family is blue eyed and light-haired and we don't wear t-shirts to the dinner table. Right. We have matters where it's been. We're not. In fact the people in Italy are very I don't know about Naples because they're a bunch of slippers but at least in Roman Milan and Florence are very well dressed and they don't walk around like slabs and they don't in fact probably they're overdressed if anything like even in a summertime it's 90 degrees outside and they're still wearing like you won't see anybody walking around with her shirts off. We don't even understand the dialects of the southern part of Italy with right. But it may be and also people don't understand. It's a shame because America was was discovered by Italians not once but twice. Music are culture and literatures to a science science which people don't believe they think Germans are the only ones with a head for science. Yeah look at that macaroni guy right. The radio is invented by Markoney. Macaroni. But all of my life everybody always thought while I was reading raising a nice state that if I was Italian they would come to my house for a play to forget a top with sauce. Yeah. I just came back from living a year in Italy and I can tell you even from me that knows everything about it it was an enlightening experience and thank you for educating the American public and a river dirge. See you. How do you like that? Oh nice timing too. We have an open line of Broward 524. I'm waiting for some of those New York Italians to start calling any other real stereotypes with the big gut you know the big public. That's because you're reading a wrong food baby. That's because you're reading a wrong food you know what's had in food from your uh... rectum exactly. And this lady is right. It's a whole different world there okay and so we were good buddies with lucky Luciano at the end of the world okay and so we did help the allies take over Italy. And yeah and so the CIA did help them off you get back into power because they were all bent out of shape about the red brigade in the 70s because anybody that's common is the we get psychotic about. So we'd like them off you we didn't like the common isters huh how do you like that and I forgot to bring in that book. Don't let me forget tomorrow I got to bring in that book until everybody go out and buy which they won't because they probably can't find it here they'll find that the same place they'll find say Avita a with uh the uh pitch up coin. 1138 a W. I. O. D. We have an open line in Broward. So what was fat boy doing up there at the post-aloft by the way was he up there sucking around for a free meal or maybe trying to sell a spot. Don't sell too many spots on his show by the way until after the 30th of September we sure know want to do more than 10. When we say dolphins on radio we mean Sanford Maddo. He's in for a touch that just for a hundred dollars a ride. Turn down the and then crank up the dolphins. On the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play news talking entertainment radio 610 W. I. O. D. So it looks like Andy's going to Q AM I you know I asked him how things are going he said well I got you know I should know today about you know whatever he's got going and I said Q AM I think and he gave me like a real nervous laugh. That's the telltale sign man where they give you the nervous laugh that nervous smile like oh okay whatever you say they run out the door so Andy's going to be going over to Q AM to be a rumors producer run a midday show. Here's Tamarack hello. Yes sir. Yes hi I just wanted to know if you're going to be watching I assume you'll be watching the start of the finals tonight. Yes I will. Yes and I I tell you what it's just a highlight of what's to come I know it's going to be a great hockey season and I can't wait because it's really better than the baseball or anything else that's out in there Yeah well I was watching some baseball last night man the game is just drag on and drag on I was watching the Oreo tiger game which you know is an important the game for Baltimore because they picked up a half game on the Yankees and the game just drags on and drags on and finally you know 85 pitching changes in the same inning and you think oh Jesus and one good thing about that is you can turn over and watch another whole like a quarter of a football game and turn back and the pitcher's just ready to start pitching you know what I'm saying yeah well last football game wasn't there much to watch either yeah but they look pretty good oh well look out for the pack I'm telling you yeah they look pretty awesome to me well I just can't it's gonna be a look at all those ex-dolphins in it they got Keith Jackson and they got who dropped an easy pass by the way and they got Troy Vincent in there and they got the Irving fire who got banged up so what do you think about the three game what is it do I think how do I know I mean it looks like a good match up I mean this is I don't think so I think the U.S. is gonna blow them out in two straight oh you don't oh I thought Canada had a good shot too I didn't think well I'm not saying that they don't but they haven't been playing with any great intensity they they had to get by sweeten and double over time yeah and they beat Germany four to one and Germany was real weak and everything I read about that game indicated that they played with very little intensity so I don't know Canada's just off their feet a little bit well we'll see that'll piss off Don Sherry if the U.S. say beats the crap out of Canada then we'll really have him sing into blues yeah it was reading the paper that says that's bad the whole country would not like it to the United States beats Canada right that's why they were rooting in Ottawa for Russia to beat the U.S. yet tonight they were they were rooting for the for the Ruskese against the U.S. how do you like that I tell you they really show a lot of appreciation toward us I guess well they just don't like us you know I can understand why so it's a deepo it's gonna be going who's gonna I didn't when did I say that I said I was talking about any calb well I mean it's I mean what kind of program can you have I mean he's the only one out there that once I talk about boxing and I'll I'll make a confession I will never purchase any paper views anymore after last Saturday's flight it was the worst thing ever seen in my life but I don't understand what you just said you said he's the only one I want to talk about boxing and there is no more boxing well boxing is a farce yeah it's it that the fans were true when they were chanting fix because they were there was a piece of crap right right right and they're just and you guys are just starting to catch on now a little bit you're a little bit you like to a little old ladies out there they're watched the WWF and we'll argue right to their death until you take away their calostomy bag they will argue that it's for real and don't tell them that it's a it's a farce it's a show that you're right you're right it was it was it was it was when you guys gonna catch on at almost any goon off the street will go in there and take a couple of million bucks to take a fall yeah well and then the stupid thing I bought into that I didn't even realize that down King was both fighters promoters how do you like that which makes a lot of ten right as usual as usual uh gonna request Neil I don't know what I'm what the uh I African Americans are a bitch in a button this country for crying a lot white guys like you are subsidizing some of the dumbest people that were ever born and the whether it's the NBA whether it's boxing you name it whether it's Mike Tyson or Dom King you're making millionaires out of ignorant people what they'll like complaining about yeah that's true god uh can I could make a request yes sir uh Melodoma okay thank and have a great day okay that's uh number 17 dis number 17 cut 21 what do you what are you laughing about okay boys in girls let's see if the old man lost it in Europe okay let's see if he came back and he's got any memory left at all of course finding this number 17 it's easy to say that in New York what is it what nothing here's this number 17 I'm not even gonna look at the q-sheet I'm just gonna pop it in the thing and cue it up how do you like that for confidence uh for confidence because I know deep in the balls of my heart deep in the heart of Texas very swish your says that uh Troyacman never uh uh shower with a guy how do you like that huh when they tell me come me melanoma I tend until I'm almost an a coma how why am I and they never ever use any sunscreen sun with me 10 with me hope we don't mind I'm a little prickly I in the center we get melanoma we date like a bun you excel dear oh my god I like to roll on but there's nobody home hey no no my I spend all day at work planning that when I get off a go tending I get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and numerologists have to help me find the dermatologist we lie in the center we get melanoma we date like a bun you can spell the aroma we got lots of skin bigger than the Metro Nova hey melanoma we don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona we're like we don't have genital kind of love hey melanoma okay loving 57 good job Neil thank you you're welcome we have an open line of Broward 5249463524Wild here's Alamurata hello yes sir hey long time listener first time call great okay yeah saw that movie um spatzo yeah and that's where gets the honey junior comes from right yeah okay great um I think that you were fan tap I'm sucking around for what oh just the suck oh get the honey junior all right hey listen you don't have to have a reason to suck that's what man would says who would say that's what your man would says oh yeah says you just suck for the hell of it that's it and people want to get not that you have to suck pardon I said in closing yeah and closing people want to get hit by hurricanes because or people get hit by hurricanes because they want to right exactly right good point hey could they have a shameless request yes okay uh have us a bunny and handcuffs the bunny and handcuffs yeah the gig with um um um um our foot the bunny and handcuffs is that what you're talking about yeah the bunny and handcuffs hello hello I was calling about the wabbit you have for sale in the paper okay what kind of wabbit are they okay I have some uh lock yeah and I have some lock and the body locks and some sort of color lock oh wonderful and I have a straighteer door and I have two doors I would have a wall there's small rabbi oh okay uh we have a farm and we like to play with the wabbit on a farm you wouldn't have to have any like little wabbit handcuffs did he want little handcuffs for the wabbit yes no I never heard of them what uh well we we used them when we hunt them on the farm we like to hunt the wabbits and we take them and they owe them to a twee brother ears and it's getting them alive uh there was a wall and now what I think that's what you don't do at least rabbits for I couldn't say you're ready we have a little game we play called all wabbits must die no sir no sir no sir I wouldn't say you're rabbits are fur 50 dollars I like to hunt the wabbit all right okay you you go out in the wild and you aren't rabbits the these aren't for peel I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully now sir I'm sorry then say you're rabbits sometimes we even spear them due to head with a wasty water you make the call take some of this therapy for an hour of the year Rogers W I O D my amy for a lot of day he was talking in her team I'm ready O 16 W I O D what do you mean for on the year what does that mean did I just tell you I wasn't going to put him on here what do you want I want to get one plug in that other place what does that mean you want to know what I'm doing we shouldn't even be mentioning them what the pasta loft I hear it's great that's disgusting a net you know a net from downstairs yeah lovely a net she came up here last hour out of the blue and she said that he she and her boyfriend had gone there and it was great and she said that all guys that used to work for you when it was the pizza loft are working there now including the chef the cook not not that's what she said how about the waiters how about how about the waiters a couple of waiters that are still there because they didn't want to travel up here both they took the prep guys and did she said they got a nice plastic carpeting on the floor there and it's beautiful that's what she said I'm not making this up what you listening no so in other words you heard this second it this is like the whole thing I stood a telephone calls in the last five minutes saying what about here are the hearing you plugging them what do you mean plugging them are discussed I've never been there okay good let's keep that I'll be plugging them let's keep them in fat boy you're good friend Jeff high from downstairs fat boy he's over there right now trying to tell them a cellar's pots well time to be looking over his shoulder for what for a long year due that's right yeah anyway I just wanted to touch the so if you get your ass going to get your place open up there right here quick as we can I just finished with the bud wise your guy we're going to have a panther night here with glasses for the panthers and bud ice and Neil Rogers where you'll come out and we'll give away the glasses and everything it's going to be great we're tying everything together what does that mean what do you mean what does that mean just what I said what that all does that mean what I just said we're going to have a Neil Rogers panther night how do you know that how do you how you're counting your chickens before they hatched seems to me you're taking an awful lot for granted here Jeff Cohen no yes no you said to me you're ready to come out and we open yeah I've already come out that was 20 years ago it's too late to go back in you'll have to do it again yeah so what are you going to be open probably October 14 and why do you care well that's interesting October 14 because I think that's about four days after we're getting out of this building finally right but why why are you so concerned about the pasta loft why you concerned about that just because if I ripped off your just because the guy ripped off your name ripped off my name ripped off my logo ripped off my employees ripped off several recipes yeah okay after 20 years said see you later if you could make it I can make it yeah I mean you know that wouldn't bother you at all right I didn't say that I'm just asking I forget about me we're talking about yeah about in the food business okay all right well that's why in the way it was all done yeah you know so in other words if this guy wants to buy spots on a show we're not going to do them is that what you say well I would hope why not uh are the let me ask you this are the people from Flagler Street the people from the Nate from the hood are those people going to come up to a Loman's Plaza and Broward sure they are they're going to drive all the way up when they have their own name and they have their own logo and they're doing their own thing I have no problem with them advertising with you or anybody else yeah but as long as they're infringing on my trademarks yeah how's that lawsuit coming uh let's come in we're but you know they chose to open up under that name and they so what do you upset with me about you should be calling a netdown stairs and ripping her and ask what does she what is she doing eating in there in the first place with it would that Dan trouser truck boy friend of hers well when we come to feed your company when you move up close to here make sure you point out to these people are so I'm sure not to feed them she's not going to be there oh that's from the uh okay I don't think we're to how the Georgia's run away to Georgia's to vanish I was going to ask you if that's coming and he'd be the one to know about that right where the hell is he is he is she an head comb with us or not oh she doesn't know oh she doesn't know so I think there is some part of bring up brown lunch there is some there is some there is some leverage for you right there in other words she's in limbo she's on the line right so I'm just you know I'm not going to plant any ideas and he seeds in your brain but there you go whatever contacts you got you could like get even though that's it although we do like an eddle on well Neil you have a wonderful day after you do a complete fiance what do you what do you sound like you're a grousey yeah well you know what I know what hello yes some speech what is it I know nothing you've lost your sense of humor I think that's what it is well yeah you've got that right okay you got that what you up a little bit okay and happy a new year you too get out of here oh my god with uh hago and i watch with the winning arm. What a lovely, ever-a-rachment. Really not to be of my feet. Because he died at the wedding side back. It makes a look so sweet. What is love? It's kept co-in and is funny, Dad. Boy, girl. Because the cutest, only, Dad. That's way with the wiggle anymore. Ways with the wiggle with the wiggle when he walks. Ways with the wiggle when he walks. Oh! Okay, 12 minutes after knowing a WIOD. Dr. Laura has moved. He's set up playing at the house. We've brought her nails on the blackboard and pies to evening. A PM. A news-talk and entertainment radio. 610. WIOD. Please be quiet and let me finish. Please be quiet and let me finish. You jacked ass. Okay, 1215 in WIOD. We have an open line in date. We go by the Bronx. So what do you think about this pizza war that we got going on, huh? We got the radio war on the inside. Here we got the pizza war on the outside. We got Jeff Cohen with this ponytail. It thinks something about Italian food. We got this other grave robber up there. He was trying to rip off the name and reputation of the place. And evidently doing a pretty good job. Because on that said, the place was packed. She said it was jam-packed. And she said people were eating like hand over fist. They were shoveling down the food. And she said something about shoveling in there. Put something like that. Not that I want to get Jeff upset or anything. But it's just amazing how some people, you know, I mean, just relax. Okay, take a deep breath. Get your joint finished up there. We'll make another few million dollars. You'll buy another big house and life will go on. Just relax, okay. And sue their ass. Don't get me involved in the middle of it. Just sue their damn ass. That's all. Here's, uh, no, I can't, I can't no more. No more. Get a job, get a life. Okay. How you doing, Neil? See ya. Dave the cop. First it's Jeff Cohen. Then it's Dave the cop. Then we had radius. I want to talk to some different people here today. We had just about every line lit up on a board until ponytail calls in here. And decides to set the agenda on his show and screw up my life. We were smoking. Look at what we got now, man. We got squat. We got two open lines and dayd, we got two open lines and brow. We got 185 open lines on the green line. We actually had the makings of almost an hour here going on that phone. And this guy calls up and puts us into a coma because he's petulant since a net and a black boy friend. Eight up there at the, at the pasta of whatever that place is. And how come I missed eight episodes of guiding light? And it's not going to change. I just can't find a real guiding light person out there. That's the problem. I missed eight episodes. I come back and of course Vanessa, we know I didn't get killed in the car. But they let every Zack and Vanessa let everybody think that she got killed. That much I can finger out for myself, okay? And now Vanessa is going to this place out there with the Amish or the Amish or whatever those people are. Everybody who's either dying like it's like when Riva was an angel for a while there until she got traded to the royals. And they all wind up going out there and she comes knocking on the door. And they all think that she's dead and it's ready for the funeral. And it's very set and Billy comes back. They let Billy out with the bottle of booze. They let Billy out of the slam where he's got one of those things on his hand. What are they callers things? Where they let you out of prison for, oh yeah, the things. Like a monitor. Yeah, like it's like a monitor. And then his son little Billy comes in and he's like, Hey, dad, what's that on your wrist, dad? Oh Jesus. And Billy says, give me another drink. Let's have a drink. But in a meantime, nobody's filling me in on a eight episodes. I missed which again goes to show it's it's part of the course to just not friendly. Get on the elevator with my international after we finally found our way to the elevator there to the moving escalator. And here's the guy on there with two bright little kids about five years old. And a one kid says, what are you going to and John says a three and he looks at me. What's going to of course, I'm just huffing and puffing out of breath, and my big suitcase getting lost for 20 minutes and that got off of their port, not even knowing at this point that the parking garages have been renamed in your car isn't in the same spot with the same name as it used to be. And a kid says, stupid. And John looks at me and says, well, we're back in Miami. We're back in Miami and I thought, amen. Halle, Luria were back in Miami. Some guy with his bright little kid on the elevator. Still bad. I should have kicked a living, not out of that kid. I should have beaten them to a bloody pulp. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. All right. We just jam in the long here listening to you. You're showing we call in to say we thank you. You know, it's pretty hot. It's hot. It's so hot. You can't even touch it, man. It's so hot. It's an overright. That's right. I eat and show too. My bird first lives the first time calling me. All right. Where you been all my life? I don't know. You haven't been screwed around on FM have you? Yeah. Get off that FM man. It'll kill you. Get off that FM. Get off the AM and get on the AM. Or whatever. Get on the PM. My partner here. He loves that. I don't know what's wrong with him. I just told him to turn the AM to see what was happened. Tell him to get alive. Yeah. Get a life pal. Don't be a professional asshole all your life. That's right. Okay. Brother hanging there. Okay. So two guys driving hand in hand down the road. What's wrong with that? We have an open line in date. We have a 48 on the green line. So what is it? Pasta loft or pizza loft? Okay. Let's take a poll. Which one do you like best? Anybody else put up to the pasta loft? I hit the guts. I'm pretty good. Crap. Let me see it again. Okay. Because the timing couldn't be better. You notice how well it fits into what I was saying before. The difference between real Italians and real Italian food and real Italian ambiance. Even between the real Italian mafia. Like my or landscape. Okay. My or landscape wasted his time walking his dog up and down columns. Do you think that real Sicilians would waste their time walking their dog up and down columns. Avenue and slept in a round like a schlepper and hell and there. Of course not. Even Hyman Roth was laughing at that guy. Well, I'm telling you, I just farted in here. So bad. My eyes are tearing. When you fart so bad that even you don't enjoy it when you're all alone. Oh, God. Trust me. George has got the lighter out. Here we go. Channel four. They're showing her tents. Everybody's getting tense because here's the possible three day track of Hortense. And naturally they got part of that thing aimed at hearingers. It's not coming here. It's not coming here. There's no way Jose. It's coming here. But if you want to get nervous, go out there. Get all bent out of shape. Go buy some plywood. Go buy some candles. Go buy some batteries. Go out there and clean the store out of all the bottled water. Go into a panic again because that's the way we operate down here. Go into a sheer shrill panic because Brian Norr cross will be real happy to see you doing it. Little twerp. Anyway, it's 12.21. Did I say little fact? 12.21 a WIOD. New's talk. An entertainment radio. 16. WIOD. You better be fuffing me ready to play with the big boys. Alright. My family will have my grown my extra wee wee. You only have one wee. Done? Oh, mommy. I like a form. No, no. You're only supposed to have one. Is daddy the form? No. He has two wee wee. No son. He only has one. Believe me. Mommy knows. He has two. Two. Yeah. A little one. He peed with. And a great big one. He brushes the baby. Shoulder's teeth with. 12.25. WIOD. Happy Tuesday from your piezons. WIOD. I got two facks. Here, which is kind of interesting. How they like tie in together. And probably from the same person. Although I don't think so. But anyway, the first one says. Spire report on Daisy point days in Luis Miguel. She was interviewed on Spanish talk radio last night. Talk show on La Cristina. What a Christina that blinded it. Ben Bet. Where she said she is pregnant by Luis and is getting their getting married as soon as possible. I thought somebody told us they split up. Why am I just smoke one of those cigars? Even though I'm not supposed to be smoking any. She's all. Now that I'm nervous after reading that, she's also going to appear on the next playboy. She'll probably hear her belly showing. Too bad. So sad. Luis is a Miguel has taken no chance for Neil. Ta-ta for now. He's a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who isa man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man that wh I might be I just might be talking to play in Louise. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Welcome home. Thank you so much. Uh, tell that Julio with that fact. Yeah. That um, last night I happened to turn the channel and a same um, what he called, uh, the, uh, the plant is going to stay. Everything is the same bitch. Yeah. Yeah. That was going to say that, but why not? It was taped from the early summer. It was on like in June of July. There you go. They've broken up since then. Yes, smelly bitch. Yeah. Exactly. That's the tape thing. So in other words, it was taped from Julio. Yeah. You got there. It was like Julio. Right. Right. Julio and Julio and it was a Julio. Right. So Miguel, soon around. So let's see. June, July, August September. She'd already be popping that thing out of, uh, that was a true story. Right. She'd already be showing it. And she looks good still. Yeah. Not pregnant. And so to say, except for a little, a little Ponchi. You can go for him and I'll go for her. Okay. It's a deal. Another thing, Neil, why you're awake. I don't know if you've touched on it yesterday. But, um, do you hear about sports channels? What about it? Okay. Remember to pick things all these guys. Guys? Right. Call it up. Oh, no. It's going to be a year or so. Right. I'm the inside shot. But on Friday, there was a half page article, uh, ad really in the Sun Sentinel. That, uh, the first week in October. I think it's around October 3rd of fourth. Yeah. That, uh, all the continental and TCR and Broward and then date, I'm going to take on sports channel. Oh. What did I tell you? And, like, that's what I originally said. Then all these panicky people called it. Oh, no. We're going to call up this one. And you got to call up that one. And, you know, they talked me into it. They sucked me right away. But I, you know, I just had a feel that Wayne isn't going to sit still. I'm going to let the cable cover be screwed with him when his last name ends in a vowel. Yeah. Exactly. And then, and Saturday, then an article also. On sports page on, uh, page two. Yeah. That 170,000 customers of Broward County, you're not worried about it. The continental cable division and sports channel are signed in agreement. Oh. There you go. We're going to be able to see the dolphins, the mantons, and the boring marlin. And maybe we can lose the food channel. Yeah. Very well. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Well, another thing. Yes, sir. Do you have to contact us, find a one-year contract? Yeah. I'm kind of surprised at that. I see they signed Craig Billington. They want to play in Carolina. They want to put him down there in Carolina, which I guess is not a bad deal. He's not really very good, but at least he's got some experience just in case one of the other two guys goes down. That's, please. That's, please. Patrick wanted a million dollars a year, and if they gave it to him, I'm really surprised. But I know they signed him for one year. Yeah. I know that the other day was in the paper. They signed him for one year. Yeah. But it didn't say the amount. No, they didn't go into details or anything. Well, the bad news is campnilly retired. The good news is Maryos coming back for least another year. And the other good news for Ranger fans is the Ranger Slang Pat flatly. Okay. And the island is there. They need a lot more than Pat flatly. Yeah. You know that. And that guy Gretsky's not going to help us at all. Not in the least, but he's shooting his load now in a world cup. You know, he's putting out a big act. And he's just way too low season star. Wait till I hit him a couple of times. Good. He's going to be doing his pussy acting. But I was going to tell you the other day on the, when they got, when they, when they, when they, when they, when they, when they, when they, when they, when they, they, they, they came between us, we, and then, Canada. Right. You got nailed a couple of times, it's said, or I, or you, you ain't seen nothing yet. Because they, they caught onto him and to play off the leaf started nailing him a, a little bit too late, actually. And then, of course, after that Detroit started the stick in the tomb. And every time he'd get hit, he run to the bench, he didn't have a head aching to be holding that silly, helmet that he wears. Gretsky's had it, man. He's not. I don't know why to ring just signed him, but they, they want to weigh seven mean dollars, whatever. Go ahead. Well, at least I got ready. Yari Curry anyway. They won't have anybody over 70. I got a 20. McSauly off for the year. There you go. Good luck to us. All right. Let's go, Panthers. See you. All right. Yeah, well, be long now. It's already the 10th of September and another month or so. It's going to be hockey hockey hockey. That's right. Just to piss off Phil Henry. You won't be here anymore. Just to piss off Bob Green and Phil Henry. I'm going to be doing hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey. That's right. Every single day, four hours in a 20 hours a week. So if you got another one of those, you're what? I haven't spoke to cigar and you know how long in weeks. Because my doctor said no more stokees. He said before you put anything in your mouth. Make sure you would expect it carefully. And I, it's not flaming. Well, he didn't say that. And I took his advice all during my vacation. I inspected everything extraordinarily closely. Here's our good buddy George from Delicioso. How you doing, George? How you doing, Neil? Great. I was like, hey, fantastic. Which one of going? Oh, away. I ended up going to a spain. A drink of a drink which was a bad mistake. We got out of there after two days. And then five days in Roman three days in Amsterdam. Oh. We're sensational. One of the best vacations ever I would say. Well, that's great. Yep. I want to come by tomorrow and bring you some stuff, what would you like? Well, you know, just like the last time, some more that moose would be good. That's my favorite. Okay. How's things going? Thanks. Yeah. Things are really good. Yeah, they're great. We missed all your on vacation. Hey, I don't hear Neil getting any food. He's on vacation. Yeah. I was getting too much food on vacation. Tom, not to worry about it. Where you're early? Yeah. Way too much, especially in Italy. Hey, I'm working on making some croquettes here for the Atkins, a zero couple of high bits. So it's a big project for me now. Okay. So I'll bring you an appointment tomorrow. Excellent. So George, I'll bring him his pustillitos tomorrow. Okay. All right, Neil. Thanks, George. Thanks, Bob. See you. Okay. That was an official diner. George 150 first in sunset at Dellicia polarized up. Big Thousands come up with all that great stuff, and the. Incredee binu Acquins, including the, um, Mooses and the cheesecake s and now some of the countries. What hugura. He brought me that  journey. Wasn't that from there last time? It was pretty good stuff and it didn't really taste like. Using the paper. It wasn't a bunch of noodles with ladle with lots of sauce on it. That's the point I'm try to make. Okay? It wasn't just noodles with industrial strength sauce on it. That doesn't make something Italian. I hate to break the news a lot of you Americans who think you know what good Italian food is, okay? Well, you just have to have like gobs and gobs and gobs of sauce running over the edges of the plate over about a 20 pound plate of pasta and then you wonder why we're all getting fat as a pig. And while the real Italians over there are walking around, you don't see one person out of a thousand with a pupic. But that's okay, you know, if you wanna be dead early, it's your choice because people die early because they wanna die early. Thank you so much. Okay, I'm gonna let up a cigar and have a stroke right on the ear. We have an open line in date, 7519463751. But if that guy don't look like a black Frankenstein. What's that guy's name on the young and a horny? They got Malcolm next to that guy. That should be disallowed. Here's Lantana, hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great, welcome back. Thank you so much. Before you left on vacation, you were talking about never getting any hockey news in the newspapers. Yeah. I found an internet thing that delivers news as you pick it, in other words, you can choose. You get the news as you pick it, huh? Yeah, and I pick it, I'm gonna get to our player. Yeah. You can choose your hockey team and don't give you updates on the team every day and transactions. That's like that. If you want me to give you a dress to George, off the ear, I don't wanna waste your time on the ear with that kind of HTTP business. Right. But I thought if you might be interested, I'd let you know about that. They've been doing updates on the world cup and all kinds of other things. So I thought that many of you chose. Yeah, that would be great. Okay. Of course when you have two satellite dishes, you see all the games in the world cup, but it's always good to have those things on the internet because a lot of them now have the real time, like almost a play by play. We're even following everything that's going on there. During the course of the season, there are games that aren't televised today. You can't pick up. And when you're a died in the bull fan, like with the Leafs, you wanna know just how bad they're losing every night. Well, this thing also does other sports, so I'm getting, you know, baseball scores and box scores and games, and we're even tough. Right. And the morning shows up in your mail in the morning. So it's pretty good. Great. All right, all right, all right, all right, if you wanna, okay, appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Okay, take care of our friend at Line 8. Take care of whatever he's got. 1235 at WIOD. We made a WIOD. We have two open lines on the Green Line's 1-800-944-4-946-318944-4-WIOD. We're gonna play Luis Miguel in a minute, not, maybe we are. That's Swain Your Boyd, why love that? Oh, God. And so what do I care if Luis Miguel is doing Daisy for Antisabes, doing 55, the guys, and by the way, we just missed that song, Dammit. We just missed that Pet Shop boy song, and you noticed there's like something for everybody in that video, did I tell you? There's scantly clad in bikini, young ladies on there, like a teenage babes on the beach, and young guys with, there's something for everybody on that video, which is called, which is called, say, Avita A. I don't think that's it. I don't think that's what they were singing. Did you hear it? You didn't hear it. No, I didn't know. Dammit, well, we're gonna have that, we're gonna have the CD tomorrow or else Tracy. You know what I'm saying? And how come our friend, you know, we've slipped. Sound don't return your calls from the Soleil water. People were like, got no water. I'm dying, I'm marching over here. We're like, got down to our last few bottles of water. Not that I'm looking for freebies necessarily all the way in. And then the thing with the, well, we still got, we got our buddy George down there at Delicioso, we got that. And our friends at Wea Latina, we shouldn't we have like a whole bunch of these to give away the new Luis CD, which is called, what is it called, not a as a Gual? Not a as a Guana? And then our friend, what's your name over there? Surely, she should have sent us at least to those and wreakay things to give out. Wouldn't she think? Thank you so much, Andy. So is it QA Am or what? See, he's got that same speed eating grin on his face. Yeah, you'll get along good with Hank. So Andy Calbs got to go over to be the internet. Now talk about a turn code. He's going to go from being, uh, fuel Henry's producer to be in the Humsters producer. Wow, unbelievable. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Unbelievable. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. How about turning up a little bit so we can all hear it? Not loud enough. Purple line is open now. We had some jackass on here who lost his balls. Maybe didn't have any to start with. Mobile one cell, pound, IOD, AT&T, wireless, pound, IOD. We pay the call. We have an open line in Broward 524 and 2 on a green line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Lendon, sir, teacher. And back to your life. Yes. Two questions I get asked. Yeah. You ever go to Como, Italy? Did I ever see Perry Como and Italy? No. He's up in the woods with Bud Davis taking a walk in Boca. Oh, you have to go to Como. It's fantastic. For what? Oh, it's great. For what? It's just beautiful. Where is it? Where is it? That down there, Switzerland. Or would you say down near Switzerland? Switzerland. Yeah. Yeah. You've been in the in the Alps. Yeah. Nice. Two cold. Oh, second question. Yeah. I'm the Buddiac. I know you don't know you don't know. How about January? You ever been in January? No, never January. Oh, I'm a little lonely. Florence, Rome, Santa Fe, since the Nazca or something like that. Yeah. And Venice. OK. Well, forget about Venice. Oh, well, I'm not going there. They just had the film festival over there in Venice. Yeah. And they were up to their armpits and crab. My in-laws come from Italy. Yeah, figure out. All right. Second question. Yeah. OK. On the acen. The cholesterol. It helps that, huh? Yes. OK. Yeah. Have you been weeks, 20 pounds, doing great? Beautiful. Beautiful. Nice. Your doctor is he going along with us? Well, you're going to find out tomorrow. Right. But listen, let me know. I'll try you back. Let us know the results. I want to make a touche bag. OK. Robin, you're not the but a touche bag. OK. Good luck, pal. OK. Open line of day, 751, what a brand. Did we get a guiding light? I'm not going. I'm just asking just, you know, out of curiosity. Because I can't find a, I don't get it. That's sure right now is as good as it. Never has. And I've been watching it longer than any of you people out there. I don't care who it is. I've been watching that show for like 30 some years on and off. And it's better right now than it ever has been. It's just traumatic. We even got Billy back out of the slamer yesterday. And I missed the eight episodes and I figured, well, sure, you know, I'll come back yesterday or maybe today. And there'll be, I have like two, three, four people calling in to fill me and I want to help went on. Nothing. Zippity, Duda. Zippity, Duda. And the people responding to that is the ones who bought the pet shop boys that saw that they never heard of because there's not yet. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? How are you doing? Welcome back to your friendly police page. Yes. This is the one. I was your vacation. Great. All right. I'm going to write on my diarrhea. OK. Is it true what they say about Italy? What is that? They say that the south, the south, the south, the south, the north is the good. The words you have the good food and the civilized people. But what is the south sucks? I mean, there are all the pens that I've never been in the real south, like in Naples. The Naples is like my amy. There's nothing but crime and you can't walk the streets and a bunch of slippers. Yeah, have you noticed something? Every plate you're going the world, the south always talk? Why is that? That's a good question. I never thought about that. How about Canada, the south, the Canada, don't suck? Well, that's way up north. Yeah, that's true. The south of the north, the south of the south, the south, the south, you're right, really blows. Like, probably, like, way down in Argentina and Chile, probably, at that great either. Yeah. Right? On clothing, Neil. And how about South Africa? Oh, screw them, yeah. Neil and clothing? Yes. El canoma, no get off the mother. What do you say? What do you just say? Something about my mama, your mama? I don't know. I don't really, who knows? Something grotesque and Spanish, some big thing. We have an open line in date, 75 one. We have one in Broward, five, two, four, one on the green line. You can let say whatever you want about my mama. Just don't talk about me, OK? Here's a dear field, hello. Yes, the about the closest I've ever been to Italy, is like, for Down You New York. Uh-huh. Well, that's close. There's a lot of Italian. There's a lot of Italian. Oh, man. He's got a dilemma here. What is this? The meatball, Laura? I think when the restaurant gets opened up, will test each other's meatball and suit What do you mean we? What do you mean we? Who are you? Did general public? The general public? Right. Yeah. So in other words, you really expect me to believe that a lot of people are going to go down to Flagler Street and try out the pasta lock and then they're going to drive all the way up to Davy to check out the new pizza lock and they're going to compare the food. Is that it? That's the idea. I don't think so. How's the unplugged CD coming? Great. Awesome. Yes. In fact, the Georgia just only moments ago just showed me the list of the stuff on the, it's not called unplugged this time. It's called needles nuggets, which has some clips from the show and it's also got the bridge tender on here and it's got the Larry King stuff and it's got phenomenal stuff and some ex-rated stuff that we can't play on a year. And then we got the best of which is the best ever best of. Wow. Yeah. Good stuff. I've got one request. It's the bit to steer me to heaven buying a bread. It's a little bit. Yeah. Couple weeks ago also, Roby Young was on the, uh, deal with it like a child. I'm going to be on the nuggets. Oh, that's going to be on the thing too, by the way. The Roby Young thing when he went nuts. Well, okay. Yeah. The big corona. Okay, pal. Okay. Okay. Fine. Find a life. The people are certain. The damn bad did not only you'd have to be more apply that and it's taxing. But if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't. You don't have real people that's selling for, uh, for it. You don't have it on your regular number. I was asked to be a guest. I'm one of your talk shows, or I think a tray has a WROD. They won't even come back to tell me what the name of the show is. I was on your station in 1964. I was sort of prominent guy in Miami. That's my time. And I influenced people who buy time. And if you people take it together to be a better way to your station. And if you were at the final red station or an EBS station, I should take a damn frequency. Which my grandma and his friend Jesse J put on the year in nineteen twenty six. He had turned the damn thing off and get out of the business. You all are your gender yourselves. My name is Ruby Younger. And the telephone number is a motel in Miami. From 13, you people ought to be our hands. Shouldn't even be running that facility. And I used to be the boss of the damn thing in nineteen. I ran to damn thing and I ran to you. You are a terrible. You have no credibility in radio. Now, damn it all the best before I get on the phone to fetch. You get on the phone to meet. You get me to take this back. I'm a normal one. If the sale goes through, whatever will because you're too many. How little right to you. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life in the WOD. All right, it's unanimous baby twelve forty seven at WOD. It's talking entertainment radio six ten WIOD. I'm a time ladle. I'm just sticking my possession in the world. It's time to say the insound. She's another doctor who has needs to vibrate. That is unleavened. Oh. Oh, boy. Oh. Oh. I'm just buying that at seven. He's living. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The bed is the end of your wonder. Twelve fifty two at WOD. Open line and day seven five one two on a green lines in Palm Beach. By the way, when the Ascel goes through on a 30th of September, other than the fact that Ron and Ron will have their statewide eight hundred lines, and I'm not really sure how it's going to work. The people in Palm Beach like I told you. Here's the pop in Oh. Hello. I think new. How you doing? Pretty damn good pal. I was in a room in Amsterdam last June. Yes. And Amsterdam was the best. Yeah. The Bulldog Cafe. Ah-huh. Damn Street. Right. That was awesome. Damn rank. Yeah. Yeah. And I just want to say that Neil's been for Maine to Spain, Austin, the Boston, Noin, the room. He's dated 20,000 men on one acre land. He's got more here in his ass as the basket. He's broke. Oh. Okay. I'm letting you finger that out. We have an open line in date seven five one. We got one in Broward five two four. We got two on a green line. Like I said, you lost it man. I told you if you don't use it, you lose it. I told you that for months and months and years and years. And you thought it was just an idle threat. Well, guess what? Well, you don't care. Okay. Here's Miami sure is. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. Great. Listen. And the Godfather. Eightvigoda. Play South Tethio. Yeah. And Bonnie Miller. Especially fish. Yeah. And that salad double crossing the family. What does South say to Tom Hayden? Can you give me off the hook time for all time say it. And Tom Hayden says can't do it Sally. And then he says don't call me Sally. That's what I mean. Can you give me off the hook? That's pretty interesting. You're the only one beside the hook. I'm going to brought to you find that fish in his vest. You're the only one who figured that one out. I know I came on a thing. 1974 and the Godfather was 1972. Absolutely correct. Can you give me off the hook for all time. Say unbelievable. Pretty funny. To see it. Haven't I always told you that everything in life at all fits together. Exactly. Like a jigsaw puzzle. All right. Now that's it. Thanks for the good news. Okay. How do you like that? Can you get me off the hook? Tom. You're out. Tom. Poor Tom. Now there's probably the greatest actor of our time. Everybody argues. You know is it to zero? Is it to Pacino? Is it this one? Is it that one? The greatest actor of our time is clearly Robert Duval. No. You don't agree with me on that? I don't disagree. I mean is it even a debatable point? Is it something that's subjective or is it something that has a specific answer? I would suggest being very adamant and very old and, you know, stuck in my ways at a man's time. Remember that scene in that work? Where did he decide to decide to? They decided they had to kill Howard Beale. Because Mr. what's his name? Wanted him on the air. He wanted him left on the air. What was his name? Mr. and Ed Bady. What was his name? Quick. He likes to Howard Beale. Show any wants him left on the air. And there was Nelson who was the president of a bankrupt network. And Fade done away. And there was Tom Hagen. Whatever the hell his name was in that movie. But the hell Frank Hackett sitting around and deciding that the only they're going to have to kill a son of a bitch. That's exactly what they said. Because Mr. So and so likes to show what the hell was his name? What was his name and Ed movie for God's sake? Ed Bady. He also went to bed of an actor along his own thing. Here's for Lauderdale on the Purple Line. Hello. How you doing Neil? Pretty good. Hey, listen. I'm a fan from a long time. And I don't want to ask you to hear me a question that you probably already answered a million times. But I just got back in the town. I need to know this. Are you guys in your new building yet? Yeah, right. You're not in there yet? Why would we, how would we be in our new building? The sale doesn't go through until the 30th. You're really, I think this is a setup call. No, no. You're rubbing salt into my womb. Well, because the reason is because we were supposed to be moving into our new building the same day that the sale goes through which is the 30th of September, which is three weeks from yesterday. Okay. And I come back from vacation yesterday morning to find out from Rick Rally that no, it's not going to be the 30th of September. It's more like around the 10th of October, maybe. Yeah. What's the hole to find out that? The hole up is that they haven't got anything done with a new building yet. She because my question was because my wife is still, she was here and I was out of town. And she said that for a while they were playing like, so, still Henry best of. And then they went to Rick and Sutt one day and then they, one day they played some empty hammer stuff. But that wasn't, that wasn't, that wasn't filled with that. That was filled playing bizarre tapes. Oh. Okay. Well, I, I know. I know you're confused and so my, you know, I still can't. I'm like, I can't wait to hear Neil and listen to what's going on. I'm, you know, from really glad to hear that you guys are still a bit. I kind of did the point here that Ron and Ronald be on. Well, what can I tell you so far I haven't heard a ground swell of excitement about it, but we'll see. Yeah. Well, they were on data for a while and I listened to him and I wasn't impressed. They have to have like five stops and people as a cast of characters like our turn to get anybody to laugh at them. Yeah. Anyways, Neil, you do a great show and I'm glad to have you. We're still here, pal. All right. Thanks a lot. Arthur Jensen. Mr. Jensen likes the Howard Veal show and wants him kept on the air. He is intractable, adamant, and adamant time. That's what Frank Hackett said, aka Robert Duval, the greatest actor of our time. But I guess he doesn't get, he doesn't get all the credit users because he isn't like some Wop or something. He's just an Irish girl guy that they found on a street. That's right. Vito Corleo on Fatima Street and took him in and made him a conciliary. He said, I guess I'll show you the grease balls of thing or two, huh? You're out Tom. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. No, Sunny Phantom on the street and board him home. Exactly. Thank you so much. You want to talk hiding life? Yes. Okay. You want to hear a few leave off when you left Tom. I left off when I left Tom with Vanessa was in the car. She went into a trance and was blind and then there was that was standing. There was that was standing there. And then the next day, the last episode I saw was that who just seems to show up mysteriously everywhere. Always even at the funeral, you notice he's got his shirt to top button on button. Thank God. But anyway, so in fact, here's the promo on CBS right now. There's Roger and there's Dynastream and the Eleanor Roger and there's Hart having to Respray down and here's Roger. There's a guy in the Gayscape to Gayscape. He's got another disguise. He's got the glasses on. That's that's all over with the gay roguet. The latest thing is the gay roguet. I saw that yesterday. Okay. So Roger was out and he almost killed Gainer and he did see Vanessa in the airport. They they fake Vanessa's death because Vanessa didn't want the family to go through her. So she was in the airport. So she they dressed as Zachary range. They dressed her as a nun. Yeah. I saw my nose. She's going back to the same nunnery where Reva was. Right. Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah. That's where Reva came from. They all have to go pick me to the to a nunnery. That means who an exact right. And if anybody should have said that, Reva was the one. Yeah. She's on everybody in town and everybody else. Reva came Louis Louis Louis. Right. That's right. You heard that yesterday. So Louis Louis. Yeah. I don't know a lot of people know that she was married to H.B. She was married to both brothers. All in the family. All this exact. Right. Anyhow Zachary range to get her dressed as a nun and to go with the nuns to switch to a place where they would take care of her until she died. Yeah. And we're leaving the family to believe that she died in the car crash. Right. They found her wedding ring. Right. Roger was in the airport. He escaped from the loony bin. As usual. Yeah. Right. He was in the airport dressed as a captain and Zachary is suddenly there. And they capture Roger. But he does see Vanessa dressed as a nun. He's telling people Vanessa was in there. Of course they don't believe him because he's not. He's crazy as a bedbar. Exactly. Right. So they get Vanessa to switch to a motel that you saw yesterday. Yeah. And the whole thing has been with. Oh, heart and diner are in an app net. And you know that whole thing. The whole thing basically has been with Vanessa. Yeah. Well, just wait a year. She'll be back. Oh, I read it the paper. Yeah. Just taking you off and then she'll be back. Right. So, you know, once they go out of the room and we they all come back. Sometimes it's an angel first and they come back alive. It's hard to tell. Yeah, but it was good to see Billy because they had that other guy playing Billy and he's done. Yeah. Yeah. This is the real Billy. You could tell by that flash. Exactly. Okay. So we'd all thanks a lot. You're welcome. See you. And boy, I'll tell you Ryan. Good day. Good night. So low in the age of the lane of life. W-I-O-D. Miami Fort Lauderdad. You talk and entertain with radio. 610 W-I-O-D. Good afternoon. 101. I'm Jennifer Vett. What I would do is get around one of the law. Yeah. W-I-O-D. Brought to you by Largo Honda. What's up, Dad? What's up? My wife, my soul. Oh, not another rimshot. Oh, sorry. Bad choice of words. 107-W-I-O-D. Happy Tuesday. Two-E-E-We got no-Pen line in date. 751-W-I-O-D. We got one in Brower. Five, two, four. And the green lines they know they're finished. So speaking of hockey, hockey, hockey. Looks like Phil Henry's going to be a little hockey intensive today. We're going to be listening very carefully, monitoring every word. Here's a mobile in Royal Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Must you talk about the guiding light? Nobody really cares, do they? How long did that take? Three minutes? I don't know. It's pretty boring. No, it's not boring. I find it very interesting. And there are a lot of other people out there, but watching it for years. There is. Yeah. A lot of a four-hour show, three minutes, maybe once every other week, is going to be too much for it, then maybe a better fight a new watching pad. What did you have to contribute for, sir? I'm not too much, you said, though. I would just hold George. So in other words, you didn't have anything to tell me. You just wanted to complain to me, you don't want to hear about guiding light. I told George to talk about the young in the horny. I talk about that virtually every day, which is... What is this boring? Who cares about so much? Evidently, a lot of people do because there are millions of people watching him. All right. Yeah. I think it's kind of boring everybody. Well, and you must be like I said, you better find yourself a new landing spot. All right. Okay. Goodbye. Open line of days. See, I always love these people who are like, you know, kind of threaten you. Well, this is real boring. And if you don't, you know, do what I want to hear. Well, fine. Goodbye, see ya. We'll survive that one listener in the queue, I'm anchored to make any difference in my life. Okay, it's not going to make one eye, it's not going to change one number in my paycheck. It's not going to change anything in my life. It's not going to change one number in the arbitron. It's not going to change anything. So if you like this show, fine. If you don't like it, have a great life. We'll see ya. Go on and play part cheesy or something. Open line of dates. 751, 2 and Broward. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 5, 2, 4. It's like that old Jew that called before to complain about the make-belief Steve Nichol on the Phil Henry show. And I'm going to say it again. It'd be in Jewish myself and sometimes happy about it. And sometimes embarrassed, especially in this town. That by far and away the most thin skin of all are the Jews. The Black State take a lot of crap. The Spick State take a lot of crap. But the Jews man, all you got to do is whisper something right away. There's some old Jew online. I'm going to get to today. Brith after you. I'm going to get our teetle bomb on the phone. Yeah, big stinkin' deal, okay. Thin skin, man. Fags, you can say, Fag 8 billion times. We Fag gets don't give a crap about that. We're amused by it. We're amused by your shock at the whole situation. Because you're so juvenile in this country. We're just amused in a maze by it. Every other minor already group. But boy, you whisper, wanting about Jews man. Right away, they're hawk in a trunc. They're terrified about. They run the country. And how do you say that? They run the country. And how do you say that? They run the country. And Hollywood. Oh, Joe Carroyo's Jewish? Oh, not this country. And Mara Golante, she runs Hollywood. That grease ball. Here's a mobile in Orlando, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Great, sure. I love it. With all this hockey talk, would you be hockey to China? Yeah. Are you going to the game in Orlando next week? What game? The Panthers in the lightweight. In Orlando? Yeah, the exhibition is game. I didn't know they were playing next week. What's the date for that? I just got a pair. And the tickets to, huh? Yeah, I'm going to the game. I didn't even realize it was coming at sooner. They gave me either. It no, me either. And how you like to leave young and the rest was played. Pretty plan. I haven't, I just got it on here now. But you're right. Next look and pretty good, though. Is he and Ryan's got some funky hair. Rest of them though. Yeah, yeah. He's here's looking better. Yeah. That's because he's getting rid of that bitch Nina. That's why Rick Ryan's looking better. He's getting rid of his ditch in the bitch. Matt and Ryan together and you get a pair. Uh huh. You have a big pair. So are you going to the game? Are you going to check it out? No. Oh man. Oh, he up there. Huh? I want to look for it to game. Well, look all you want. I've got to be there. But it'll kill some good time and be between periods. That's it. Okay, put it in. Have a good time. Okay, I didn't even look at that thing. I got it in there somewhere. But it's getting close. It's already the 10th to September man. They're up in PEI. And they got the in big article here yesterday with Dave Hyde or Dave Joseph or The Jekyll and Hyde whoever that was. Here's the big article this morning. This comes sentlers the Beezer goal oriented goalie. And here's the picture from the Stanley Cup finals, which we don't want to see that. And here's all the other good stuff. For getting there, the dolphins are off to a good start. We don't want to get too carried away. But they're off to a nice start. Thank you. The Marlins. Uh oh, I have to laugh about this. I have to laugh about this. Talk about full of crap. The article about the, uh, our saw a little bit of the Marlins and Of course, pork Kevin Brown. Here's a guy that should have 25 wins already if he was on a real team. He's got 15, which is a major miracle. And yesterday he finally got hit hard in the seventh inning. And it says, met hit Brown, hard score, seventh inning. K Oty, beat the Marlins six to one. Before a sparse crowd of 14,100 at Chase Stadium. Okay. Now, if you've been watching the box scores, even when I was in vacation in USA today, I've got a lot of people who have been watching the box scores in the attendance. And the Marlins have been doing announced 19,4,000, 16,000. Even when they at one point did they won what? Nine and a row or seven and a row and nine out of ten and ten out of 12. They were hotter in the pistol. And they still can't draw flies at P.P. Park. But the meds have 14,100 for a crappy fifth place team that Nobody wants to see as boring is all get out. And right away, they, you know, put it in the paper, a sparse crowd of Chase Stadium. Like boy, don't we have great crowds at P.P. Park? Well, P.P. on you, you idiots who wrote this thing. David Albrighten, you stiff you jerk you clown you. 113 to W.I.O.D. Hello, is your car not getting the gas mileage used to? Do you hear knocks and things coming from underneath the hood? Well, then how is the bout fire new car? Keep boy! Phil Henry, 2 to 6.D.M. on news, talking entertainment radio, 16 W.I.O.D. I don't know if you can do much for everyone. Thank you. The f*** of my ass. I don't know if you want to do. You can c*** on my face. I don't know what to say. There's just go all over every year. Keep it out of my hair. I just watched it. Of course. That's that, I'm your host. You even know how to comment on that? I want to f*** now. Yes. It's a story. It needs you junk to f*** you. This is never happened. Why, you go back to your motel. I want to emphasize that this is never happened. I want to do it with your clothes. Okay, 117 to W.I.O.D. House-lic was Willie anyway. We have an open line in date. We've got 45 of them and Broward. 5249463524. Any other complaints? Anything else that we talk about that you find boring? Like to pet shop boys, like 3T, like a young in the horny, like a hockey, like Marys Ferray, like Joe Carrillo. What else is it that we talk about that you find boring? We sides everything, all right? Like Italy, like the real day goes, like to make believe, Gweedos in New York. Let's find out about everything it is. Let's get it all out here on a table and the Potsky around with it. By the way, speaking of getting stuff out on table, thank you profusely to somebody who affects me this thing from the assholes that run Miami International Airport. We're making big changes in parking. Yeah, thanks a lot. After the fact they come up with this, we're making big changes. September 4th and 5th. On the morning of September 5th, it'll be completed. And when you come back, if you've been out of town on these dates, you won't know where your car is. Because there's no more like parking garage 3 and 5 and 2. Now it's like Dolphin Grige and Flamingo Grige. That's it. And just look on the thing there on the science to see which airline you're in, whether it's Dolphin or Flamingo, and you're in the ballpark. And then it goes on and on and on and on and pages and pages and pages. I'm going to tell you something, you assholes in date County that put this thing together. You got to be the dumbest bastards in the history of the human race. Why didn't you put this information out to the people who were parking there in the days preceding this so that when we knew, you would know when we were coming back to the airport that our parking ticket didn't mean anything anymore. That there would be no more 2J or 2K or 2This or 2. Oh, sorry Rick. Oh, geez. But hey, that would have been 2V. You know, stop for a lot of consummation aggravation. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Long time no see for a sign collar. Green. Earlier we're talking about that hurricane, Horten's bitch. I don't know. I am truly convinced that the Channel 7 is obsessed with devastation and chaos and everything. That's what they live for. They totally, they're obsessed with it. Right. Like they want the hurricane to hit us. Right. Because they know it's going to be a big story. Right. And then these crazy people are going to go out and empty, and publics and everything else. All the water, all the batteries, all the candles. It's not a return every day. All the canned goods right then try to come back to the next day and say, We didn't want this in the first place. We want our money back. And then no more canned going to hit. Right. I mean, that bill come all he's like, It's not going to hit, but we still have to be careful. Don't pay any attention to her. She's a wild woman that bill come all. Forget about her. We'll nail him out of material. Okay. Don't get caught. Can I call him or do you back? Sure. Rick Sanchez, you are a dripping douche bag. Oh, okay. And Neil, Neil, you're going to check out some hot guys. Yeah. Like our General Hospital. Who's on it? That's good. There's Jason and Jack. They're hot. They're hot. They're hot. Do you ever watch Guiding Life? Yes. I watched it a few years back. No. I'm talking about now. No. You got to check out Jay and Hart and the Zach. Zach. If you check out Zach, you will never go back to General Hospital. Trust me. Check out General Hospital. Check out yours. Check out yours. Yeah. Okay. See ya. But we're talking about soap operas again. It's boring. Nobody watches soap operas. Right. Even if people are only watching soap operas. Because they want to see the new biog young bodies on there. There are lots of people millions of them that are sneaking a peak. Okay. Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. In. And then when I asked the guy, what do you want to talk about? Well, I don't really have too much material. No crap. No kidding. What a shock. You don't have anything you want to talk about. You're just another professional mal-content. You're another one of these guys that makes life in his town such a picnic such a stinking pleasure. And makes it so great to come in everyday and talk to such pleasant happy people. Here is the Virginia key. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. I know I would say welcome back. But I know it probably would be a lot better to have a farm on the hot knee to it once you got off the airport here on your head. Yeah. So how were the men, Nidalee this time? How were they? Yeah. You always grow about me saying that the men there are great. The men down here, they're just very superficial and it's like beach beer and weight. And that's about it. Are you left to drugs out? Yeah, and that you all, you know, are all same different, I guess. Yeah. But you won't see any drugs in Italy. I'll tell you that. At least not a role. You won't see anybody drunk. There's no drinking age. There's not a that crap. Well, we can't have things to be too free. Yeah. You know. I'm also, did you ever see the movie with the actress, Dennis Harper and Christopher Wacken where they're discussing the Sicilians? Are you asking any doctors? And he's got to if he's parked egg plants because he's the Sicilian? No. True romance. You ever seen Charoans? No. You'd like that. Yeah. Well, you've seen. But the great, that is a classic scene. Okay. Classic scene. Anyway. I asked for you the last car route. You know, Rick had said you are definitely deep, deep, big. Okay, pal. Have a good day. Don't believe it. It's not a nice thing. I'm going to stop. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good day. Okay. Yeah. I'm going up the floor. Okay. Okay. Hey. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. H1-23 a Wii--D. The comedians in beautiful entry. You can see them wearing it. Now let's see the drop dance dance. Just the Toronto. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. We'll be good team forever. At the time you hear Ned Bailey's cool young man. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. The bullet burns weekend. No, we can't. Come on. Come on. Stacey, make get your work. Come on. Come on. Come on. You, 95. What? 28 at W.I.O.D. Deliver us from temptation so we don't have to go to entry. We have 48 open lines on the line on the thing right now. Just wait till the passing people day go where we have 6,000 phone lines, man. There'll be no waiting. Here's a mobile in Bokka. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good, pal. That's your French Steve. I haven't called you a while, but you were screaming before. But they've the cop call and I figured I'd give you a call. What does that mean? How are you doing? Steve, your friend. You know who it is Steve the Italian guy. Not too much. You're mad at me. Your tile all popped up or something. I never said that. But now that you mentioned it. No, it's okay. It's just a little schmutzido, but it's okay. As well as the texture tile, so you've got to clean it. Hard to keep that thing clean, man. You made a lot of work for me. Well, I was yesterday. I heard you talking about that Italian chunky red sauce deck. Arbid, I'm finally glad you set the record straight to letting these people know. That's not really Italian food. Not in the least. That's something New York garbage. Anyway, you're going Italy. If you get pasta, they put just enough sauce on the pasta just to cover the noodles. And that said, you won't go anywhere where they have pasta just ladled, loaded with the spoonfuls and spoonfuls of sauce, they would laugh at you. They would puked. They're exactly in a sort at mozzarella cheese on it. You know, anything American, they just make it like twice a size and they throw cheese on it. And that's what they call Italian. It's just a garbage. You know, it's not only Italian, but it's kind of like adults. You know, I used to go to adults a lot years ago. And then I realized that even the seats had cheese on it. You know, the idea is if you melt some cheese on everything that right away it makes it a delicacy. Exactly. The cheese palace. So, Rick, it's removed that he afternoon, huh? Right? See, I prefer that. I like that. I want it back to the old ways. Leave or not. I didn't mind like Ren Reign, the morning, you and the afternoon, Rick and such. I mean, you know, you and you. Right. When you're seeing, during those days, that's when they broke the radio station. They said, everything going great. Ren Reign, whether you liked it or not, he had a good audience. He had a good following. He had a lot of business on that show. Everything was going fine. I was kicking ass. Rick and such had real good numbers in the afternoon. Everything was going long fine. Then they broke the station, which is the years ago now. And they never could figure out how to fix it. So now they blame it on us and they sell the employees. Yeah, that was boy. It was up. Area at the time. Yeah. I was a grandian. The night, too. I mean, it was perfect. And they should just left it alone. Yeah, they can't do it. They can't. They got a metal with success. They got a screw with it. And they're okay, you know, for like the first month or two. But then you just get you get hard listening to the same, you know, the same old crap every morning, body shots, you know, and that's that's guy. And you know, they're, they're all right. But they're, they're no neorodges. That's for damn sure. All right. And you'll see what kind of act they bring this time. You know, I don't know who knows. Keep up the good work man. So how you doing? You married yet or what? No, no, no. Now we're, you know, we're still together. We're living together. We're doing good. We're doing good. Yeah. We're hanging in there. Yeah, it's going out party now. I got to go out and buy, you know, couches and paint and all the other crap that I don't need or want really. But, you know, I guess I got to stop sometime. Hang in there Steve. All right, deal. Okay. See you. Well, I'm not sure what to say at that point. You know, it sounds like it's, it's that time of life, you know, when you're low longer free, when you're tied down, when you tie it on. We have two open lines and Broward. If you're interested, if not, that's okay. Two, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. See, one of the things, I keep thinking of that guy because he to me, you put a visors between him and that little punky kid that Milato kid on the, uh, on the elevator at the airport. What he's smiling about, I didn't say Milato before on the year. I was going to say it now because I think that there was some symbolism involved there. Some little smart ask it. Stop it. Which I should have just kicked us, not out of that kid. And his father was a little quizzling anyway, so I probably, you know, probably between the two of us, we're going to take care of him. But that's beside the point. What is the point? The point is that that guy just really sends me people like him. There's so many of them out there, just professionally unhappy. And the point that I was starting to make like two and a half minutes ago was that the amazing, the miracle of this show is that it's been a successful at it as it is when you consider the fact that most of the things that I care about, most of the things that I talk about, most of the people in this town don't care about. And they still listen. In fact, maybe that's why they do listen. Because they can hear all the other pedestrian crap anywhere. They can hear about bridge it with the big boobs. They can all the same stuff all over the place. They can hear that anywhere. But they won't hear anything that they hear on a show any place else. And so they're like infatuated with it. They're obsessed with it. I've been back in town for two days and you would think that the world came to an end. Everywhere I go, these last two days to the supermarket, I'm driving on a highway. I'm like high-fiving and waving and I mean like an outpouring of emotion. Like thank God you're back. People who ordinarily would shine me who would have ignored me before. Now all of a sudden after a 10-day divorce, separation, whatever it was. Wow. We didn't realize how boring it really was here until you took off again. Two open lines had brought where it's really boring. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 5, 2, 4, 0, L, D. Now what is that? Are you serious about that? Yeah, well he is. Larry? Yes. This isn't Larry Glick. Let me check, wait a minute. You said it isn't that? Well, let me check. How's the lemonade stand? Holy, macro. How do you remember that? You're not from Boston, I and the other. This is Larry Glick. That's right. WBZ. Right, you know what happened? I was listening to you in the way up in the old. And I was traveling someplace. And you mentioned WBZ and college sues. Right. It rang a bell. And then this afternoon I just arrived home. And Peter Casey, who's the program director, had WBZ invited me to a 75th anniversary of WBZ September 19th. So I had to call Neil Rogers and say hello. Are they going to bring Carl Disco's body in for it? Yeah. Wouldn't surprise me. Do you know what the last time I talked to you? No. This is, this you'll never remember this. I was, I was managing a station and I was also one year. WTPS and Kalamazoo Michigan. This is 1969. So that's 27 years ago. And I called you up on it. I don't even remember it. It had something to do with a lemonade stand. And I talked to you on the year that 1969, 27 years ago. I said, I'm memory. I have to give you a round of applause. Wait a minute. And he's still doing the same thing. I've been here to go. You know something, I got to tell you. Seriously, I'm not, I'm not just stroking you. But when you were on that station back in those days, that WBZ at that time during that era was one of the great stations in the history of our industry. Well, I enjoyed it. You had Jefferson K. What was his real name? Maris Schwartz. Morris Schwartz. Right. Good Jewish boy. You had Bruce Bradley. Right. Yeah, Dave Mayner, who is still there, isn't he? Still there. I asked, I just asked about him. Yes. He's 150 years old. He's still there. Like Carlis was in the morning and you were doing that overnight stick. And man, that show was more fun than a barrel of monkeys. He's like, yeah, that big signal at nighttime with Kateria and Michigan, here, you're all over the damn place. And I was great. And then of course you want to, like almost everybody else in business, getting screwed over. Oh, no, no. Everything was so I have no capacity. Well, what happened? You left here. I've done here in Volca, with Tony, I'm retired. But you left Beezine, you went to HDH, right? You son of a gun. You know what's happening. Hey, I lived in Boston for two years and early 60s. You were on here, then. Yes, I think. With Jerry Williams. Jerry Williams with whom I worked in 1970 and 1980, a WNWS down here. Jerry was down here for a year. That's right. And you were on here and then you went to HDH and then they decided they wanted to pay you off to sit on the beach for a year or something like that. What? What? You're on the ball. What year was that? Let me see, in 80, 80, I think. And so what happened after that? Well, they gave me a five year contract. It was very lucrative, so I took it. I was going to retire at that time. And they maybe you'd feel like couldn't refuse. So I took it in one year with no obligation. They paid me the full salary. Then they worked four years and unfortunately I was worth it. The first couple of years and then the bottom fell out and they were paying me this heavy bread. I wasn't earning my money. But I had guilt. I had Jewish guilt. I did. I had Jewish guilt. Taking that check every week. But then it was over. You know something, you're the only guy I could talk to who to remember the Prince spaghetti house in Boston. Oh, yeah. Remember that? Sure. And Briggum's? Yep. And Joe and Emo's? Is that? Of course. Is that funny when you said you talking about the big stations. You mentioned busy and colleges. One little quick story about Carl the Suze. He was on from six to nine. He had a record show and I was on from 12 to six. He was there for 40 years at that time. Right. And he would always keep in late. Six o'clock. I would finish off. I'd take a buy in seven or eight languages. Then we'd have five minutes of news. And then Carl the Suze shows six from six to nine. Right. And he'd always keep in late. A really irritating piece. So I said, hey, Carl. It's a 50,000-dollar station that they hear us all over. It's just not professional for you to come in five, ten, or fifty minutes late. Right. But me to be here. You know, it's anti-climatics. So I said, what I'm going to do is starting next Monday. I said, I'm at six o'clock. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Yeah. And everyone said the whole staff said, you can't do it. Because he came in one day. He said, I stepped in some carbon or one day. It says, they took a stop. Yeah. Every day. And he was always coming in from some bar. Yeah. So finally, Monday came. Now, let's see, get this. A six o'clock. I said, so long. I'm going to go out to the way. Go. Are you out to be this day? I leave it there. You'd be saying, if he's not touched, I'll have a left. I said, goodbye. And then they used with Gary Loppy here and Gil Santos. Yeah. They did the news. And I sat outside in the parking lot. Wait. He calls it show up. So Gil Santos ran in and he sat in and he did the show. He just happened two or three times. Kyle would keep in the next day and say, my dear boy, he says, hey, you crazy. What's wrong with you? I said, Kyle, I told you, I warned you. I said, I'm going to leave it. Six o'clock. I do a six hour talk show. And I'm actually. Yeah. It's a six hour talk show. Right. I'm not doing it. So about three or four weeks later, he kept doing it. And I kept staying up and by just as I was ironic that General Man was in a rubber at that time. He heard him. He found out what the story was. And he spoke to Kyle. And the very dignified choice. It's Kyle. If you find a difficult to get here six o'clock morning, maybe we could keep you in hole permanently. So it worked. Beautiful. Kyle the Susan. I guess he won't be showing up late anymore, huh? But he's really a gentleman. Well, as you can, well, travel and truly a gentleman. So I was down here listening. I listen to you. You know, the shows today. You're a show. It's really after the ballpark. Yeah, you can say that again. Yeah, your show is really after the ballpark. I'd be a smashing boss about telling you that. The archbishop be a matter of a way ahead with it. Even Cardinal Cushing might make a comeback to get me off the year. You know, the contrast, if we could show you some of the shows, I don't know what they're doing up there now. But, you know, there was just came. Yeah. And Kyle the Susan, I worked with Justin. I mean, stuff's come up. It's pretty, it's pretty, it's pretty terminal up there. You know, for a town that's got all the college kids and it's supposedly so liberal and sophisticated. Radio and Boston today is pretty at least A.M. radio is pretty backwards. It's pretty weak. Yeah, I agree with you. And I would listen to you, so that's a good sign. Well, listen, Larry, this is the, you made my day. Well, thank you. This was the highlight of my day to show you how exciting this town is. Well, for the, it was a pleasure and good luck. OK, thanks, Larry. Take care of yourself. Larry, click from WBC and Boston. I bet to there's somebody. And then that other guy is saying, oh, gee, that was pretty boring. Too bad I liked it. OK. Twenty-till-two at WIOD. Next person. OK, so let's put it back from this one. It's great. You're going to hand it. Why? Why? Huh? Updates as we get them. Those views talking to you. Yeah, we're getting it out there. Well, we know such a little bit. That would be a lot. I won't. One, four, at WIOD. Here's a mobile and pep-erke pine. Hello. Hey, Neil was up on it. How you doing, sir? Pretty good. Well, if you remember a movie that came out in 1977, it was called the car. James Rowland. No. Never remember. No. Look, everyone was up movie. It was pretty good. Maybe he's like that. I remember that. It was like that. I remember Christine because John Stockwell was in that movie. Which one was, oh yeah, he was the top. No, he played the goofy guy's friend. His best friend. The goofy guy with the glasses that was obsessed with the car that was his best friend. Yeah. Yeah. This was, it was basically the same movie. It was some prototype car. Came out. James Rowland was in it. Really good movie. I looked everywhere for it. I don't think it was ever even really some video. I can't even find anybody that's ever even heard of it. Yeah, that's probably because it was good. That's exactly. Yeah. Okay, thanks buddy. Okay, pal. See you. So does anybody remember Larry Glick, huh? Yeah. See, I don't have any old WBZ jingles. In fact, the only thing they used to play, I should have asked Larry if was the Carl the Sue steam song, or if it was just a jingle, I used to play that getting to know you, getting to something bright and breezy on WBZ. That was a jingle that they had on there. I'm not sure if it was Carl the Sue steam song, or if it was just one of the jingles that they played on the station. But I do like the old jingles, baby. It's not one of the ones I like. You bring it up. Yeah. Come on. Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah. Oh, that's nice. That's like an endless loop. It has no cues on it. Nice. Hi, this is Swing and Swating. This is Robin Seymour. And this is Jerry Goodwin. Hi, this is Jerry Steven. This is Bobby Green. This is Bill Full of S. Bobby Brown. I want one. I want one. I want one. I want one. I want one. I want one. Pop, Douglas. Double, you can't hear her. You're a beauty, oh. Double, you make me, please. Oh, you A, C, you come. See, once upon a time, A, M radio used to be great. Once upon a time, there were personalities. In fact, radio used to be fun. There were all these great personalities on here. There were a couple that were like fun to listen to. There were party your lives. You know, and now it's, you know what it is. It's a duke box. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. You're right when you say people are high five and then you're back. They are. Yeah, because that's all we got. A lot of us have no life out here. I'm taped, so tell you. I've tell you what, thing. You better hope I live a long, healthy life, man. I sure do. There's you here about the one, the lady from Pompanone with the four kids. And a hotel. No. Yeah, she was um. She stuck him into pizza oven. Well, she offered to perform a service on a cop because she needed the money. And she left the kids in the hotel. Yeah. And their age is one month through four years. And she, they took her in. They arrested her and she got let go by you know who. The judge. Oh, not, not let them go. Lebo. Yep. Oh, my god. Oh, Jesus. I figured you were away. It just happened last night. Not again. Yep. That crazy bitch. He let's out another one. We had to offer the perform on a cop for 20 bucks and who did the judge? No, well, yeah. The lady. Smelly bitch. And she was white. Her husband who was black showed up at the station. Claiming the cops that are often. Yeah, right. Of course. And a Lebo ordered them the letter go. And to undergo a some sort of an evaluation. Yeah, right. It was in the patient. I think I think that Lebo needs an evaluation. Maybe she was a herical in the family. Maybe that was it. They had a big crowd for that game last week. How many people to have there? They announced 35, but Sunnyhurst said it wasn't quite that. No, that bad idea. It's like a, like about 20, 22 people's yo up. Right. Okay. Okay. Judge Lebo, she may not be good, but at least she's consistent man. Smelly bitch. What my pay? Okay. Calm down. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You have no material. Yeah. You got no material. What do you got a life? Have you got a life that you're listening to? What's your real? That's like almost over with already? Right. Here's an old conjure in Miami Beach, according to George. Hello. Gone. You'll conjure. I guess he expired. That said. Nice going, pal. He croaked while he was on hold. Well, that's a good way to keep him out of trouble, huh? Just go scrape his ass up. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I want to give you some interesting element against somebody's Bible for an addict. I was in the research too. What Bible phonetics are you talking about? Well, I don't know. The one to call up and I said, I don't know. I say the Bible for many years of the research ministry. How do you press it? Well, you know, you'd be amazed at what's so many people are missing. And when I look at this Bible, and we found out some interesting things. Actually, there was four people crucified with Christ, not just Christ. One of those Paul with two. And four actually died with Christ, they say. And they also say that the last words they got to misconstrued a Christ on a cross. And he said that supposedly my God, my God, why has it offered sake of me? In the Eastern Yale area of May, right there, we sat part of the verse. It says something that has more to do with my God, my God, my God, for this purpose is right. There's, which is a lot different than what you, and there's a lot of things that they don't know about the Bible. Well, why would we waste our time talking about such juvenile crap as the Bible? I mean, people who believe that stuff need mental help, okay? I know, I know, if you two some people don't don't realize it. No, no, no, people most of the people who believe that are just pathetic brainwashed people, who will never, who just do to fool at a beat, it will never ask a question, who will never question authority, who will never think for themselves, and they're basically brain dead. They've had their brain taken away from them. It's so many times. I don't have any room in my life for people like that. They kind of make it look bad, and I was listening a one guy the other day on a television from Paul Richman. Not Dr. Kennedy, not the fascist pigdoctor Jim Kennedy out there, not that anti-Semitic homophobic, bigoted Dr. Kennedy. He was trying to do some information about ecology, evolution versus the operation. And he was being so smart now, again, and so stuck up about his information. He was actually wrong at a couple of points that are very important. Well, consider the source palin have a great then God bless you. 151 at Wiod. Use talking entertainment radio. 16WIOD. 154 WID. Better grab this fast before we lose this gentleman again. Hello. And we lost him again. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. I know you don't like to reminisce. I heard the first broadcast of the WOD. 1926. Yeah. No, it's a call. I can't even imagine. Wonderful. Wow. No kidding. How about that? Then you start off with WKAT. Yes, I did. 1976. You know what is call letters? The first letters represented. Yes. Katzentime. Yes. That's right. Frank Katzentime. Thank you so much sir. Okay. We should have saved that one for Phil. That would have been good. Let's go to, well, you could add a good time with him. He's gone. What the hell is going on here? We just had like 400 calls on here. Phil Henry walks into room and they're all gone. Yeah, that's like Rick Riley now. Blame in me and reverse. Well, I come back from vacation. All of a sudden he can't get any phone calls. What the hell is that all about? Everybody's like, you know, now they got the knife out. Everybody's blaming everybody else because you people are a bunch of deadheads. Even if we weren't here, you'd still be a bunch of deadheads. 751 WOD in date. All three deadlines is dead. Just a wonderful gentleman. We just had only moments ago. Two upper lines in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, WOD. Here's four Lauderdale. Hello. Any oil you done? Okay sir. Happy New Year. And back to him. Is that coming up pretty soon? I, who knows? I'm not involved in any of that stuff. Is that Russia's honor? Is that Yom Kippur? No, Yom Kippur is a day of atonement. That's a day when you make up for eating too much ribbon as today before. One of those is New Year, isn't it? Yeah, Russia's honor is New Year. Okay. So around here's some time. What day is Russia's honor, George? Well, when is it? It's Friday, the 13th. Friday. Friday. Oh, it's the Friday evening. Yeah, it's the Sunday. It's a shoppers sundown, right? All right. I'm Friday, the 13th, boy. There's an almond. Pretty good. I'm going to mention some, some, Robin C. More boy. Yeah. Are you from Detroit? Yeah. I remember Fred Wolf. He was a friend of mine. Actually, Fred of my dad. You don't Fred Wolf with the bowling show. Yeah, absolutely. Fred Wolf, of course, was a DJ and W. XYZ and Detroit, which was a great radio station. They had Joel Sebastian. They had the Don Z. They had, uh, who else was that? Lee Allen. Yeah. Fred Wolf used to bowl with my dad. And Fred Wolf was the morning guy and W XYZ for years. They had a championship bowling show that was on that nationwide network TV. He was great. Good guy. I heard you mentioned Dave Dickson too the other day. Right. You remember him on W A B X? Sure. That was pretty good up there. Right. What about the hockey game tonight? Is that what? In the TV guide. What is F-X? What? Don't you don't have F-X on your cable? Uh, is that that's not F-X? It's the Fox movie, uh, channel. They have their F-X, uh, you know what it is on Comcast by a champ? I haven't got any idea. Hmm. I don't even know if you got it. In other words, you're saying that F-X has got the games tonight? Yeah, I don't know. Because I know it's on CBC. So when I have to worry about that with my big dish, I don't want to sound like a hot shot, but I am. Yeah, all the other ones run sunshine. And this one's not even on. Well, wait a minute. Let me take a few of this, okay? Sunsetnall says, the Sunsetnall says, uh, today's the thing. Let's see, uh, hockey, F-X. And what's that? I have no idea. It's a Fox. It's one of the Fox, uh, things. It's a fun game. I guess I don't get it. What do you have to be hitting the barstone, I guess? I guess, or you place? It should be worth it. It should be pretty good. I have a- I- are you gonna root for anyway? You know something I'm so sorry you asked me that. I- I don't know. I mean, you know, I guess you're supposed to root for the USA, but, you know, when you're a hockey fan, you really got a root a little for team Canada. So I don't all see. I hope it's a good game. That's a main thing. It'll be good. Yeah. Um, a nine request for you. Okay. How many versions do you have as a macarena, um, set our bet? Is there just one or is there a couple of them? No, this is about four or five, I think. How am I here that? It reminds me of the song. It's just as bad as a song. Because it's like one of those songs. I'm not going to- The word you're looking for is annoying. Yes. One of those songs, you hear it and you keep like, humming it all day long, even though you can't stand it. Right. Right. Take it out of your mind because they won't leave you alone. Right. Because those, the parody sound just like a song. Right. It's quite revolting, actually. Exactly. And that's about it. Okay, pal. Yeah. Have a great day. Okay. So it's on FX. How do you like them apples? Well, FX on your cable. And I tried to tell you, get yourself a dish. If you can't get the big dish, at least get the little dish. FX is on the little dish. It's on the little one. Here's a mobile in Margade. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, Neil. Great. I was in- I was in Europe for about 26 days. I was in on a bus with about 38 other old parts. We were the only young ones there. Yeah. I'm about 34. And yeah, we were in Spain. We were in Madrid. It was pretty pitiful. They take advantage of us there in Europe. Those are all stink. But I went out when I went to Madrid. I went to, did you go to Toledo Spain? No, I did not. I saw Batman and Robin there. And Robin said to Batman, holy Toledo. Batman. We're not in Toledo. We're in Toledo Spain. Yeah. And I said, was that before after they shoved the Salami and Adam West tights? I probably have to. Well, listen, I'm glad you had it. I'm a chronic listener. Yeah. He's up to good work. I'm glad you had a great time. All right. Don't let them get to you. Okay. But they take advantage of us. Tell your listeners. Don't let them get to them. Give them the- Don't let them pour. They can get out of here already. Get out of here already. Get out of here. No, why do they hate it? They're over there. You know what I'm saying? So anyway, listen, the lyric, Glick was great to anybody know who he is. The first choice. I want you. He doesn't bother. People ain't on nothing. You're an Indian. Who's there is next? What do you know about radio? Little Pippquill who's going to kill me. I owe you.