Okay, Leviton 5 at WIDOM dispensing with the usual fall-drawled at the beginning since we just have this in from Paxon's communications corporation a biggie When you hear this I'll tell you what it'll do and I'll make it just like Mario It says Mr. Lowell Bud Paxon chairman of the board CEO of Paxon communications corporation one of the great slack monsters of our industry We'll be holding a press conference on Wednesday May 22nd. That's tomorrow at the biscuit bay Mary-out The press conference will commence at 11 am in the hi-buscus island room The purpose of this conference is to announce multiple acquisitions including Paxon's purchase of a major soft-floated media property Mr. Paxon will make a brief statement and take questions. Your attendance is respectfully requested Paxon communications corporation is Florida's largest broadcasting slack-mister To whom is this sent by the way how to how did we get these we got a whole bunch of these But our I guess we're supposed to be there too, okay, right the middle of the show Maybe we can carry in the final chaser and put it on here 11 o'clock tomorrow So the rumor is should I tell him what the rumor is or not? Should I tell him the rumors that we're going to I mean these rumors have been going on and on and on and on Odd in finitum for months and months and months and of course everybody who's livelihood is in a balance We're just a little p-ons. You know, we just hang it around waiting for the shoot a drop have I been telling that for months And so now the deal allegedly is that we're buying some FMs in the market and we're gonna put our format all of us are moving over to FM and What some of us and that Paxon is buying the frequency 610 AM and they're gonna put the light bulb on 610 WFTL which quite frankly this is still gonna have the same 400 old people listening But at least I'll be able to hear a little bit better. They won't have to turn up their miracle. You're quite so loud So that's the rumor as of this moment and the stay tuned to mark tomorrow is gonna be the big day Tomorrow's today all the shoes drop Here's a lady in dear field Beach, hello Yes, man, call you for the first time on Friday. Uh-huh. How was it? Your producer asked me the same thing. Well, we try to please I told him I Inchick for the first couple minutes Anyway about the panthers one last and everybody's dropping up to be in wax Yeah, you ought to see this phone right now And we will really depress us me is that everybody came back last night the team is back the coaches are back Everybody is back in town even the broadcasters are back and now I'm sitting here today and the yesterday was a field They all I had it with sit down and say where is everybody and they all appear in their all enthusiastic And it was sitting there songs and doing their poetry and we lose one game And now it's like a same old crap again. Yeah, well, we've been with town. Can not keep it up. I'll tell you that right now This town is important to cannot keep it up Well, we've been with the panthers for all three years. They've been here and we were waiting yesterday to hear you know somebody asked you where they're coming in at the airport Right and my husband called Jeff Moss yesterday to try and find out and Jeff wouldn't tell him did you ever find out? Now he wouldn't tell us either where he's we're not done his friendly list anymore now that now that you don't need us Because all the playoff tickets of course you can't buy for love or money now that they don't need us anymore We can't don't hear a word from Jeff Moss or any of our good friends over there at the Panther office Well, see we would have really enjoyed our real friends are now Yeah, I mean you know so they lost last night. It was still a good game. They had a good game. That's right They had a lot of good chances and and you stole my line about the five goals Right I said four to one. It was three to two. It still adds up to five That's right if you're playing over an under's baby I gave it to you right on the nose. Yeah. Well, I'm happy with the split I was a good to get greedy about it You were saying four one yesterday my husband was saying two nothing and I wasn't saying anything I thought well We got seven games that we might have to play here so we'll take them one at a time and You know that's it and I'm sorry that we have to watch on ESPN But we don't have a dish so we don't have the option of CBC well it goes to show you it's you know You got to have a dish. Well you want an idea of how bad ESPN is the first game They're talking about rep Warner. They got his name up on the screen and who have they got the name in front of Paul laws nice Yeah, seriously and they never came back and corrected it either They pretty tough to tell those to a part that Paul's got a real nice mustache What did you see the thing in the sense that no about him going to get a tire? No, at a tire store no and he gave the guy Oh, yeah, I didn't see that. Yeah, yeah Look big enough to be a hockey player Yeah, and then the guy has a ball to ask him for play off tickets Yeah, of course that's right all you got to do is tell somebody you know somebody you want It's ran into somebody in a supermarket that knew somebody with a panthers right away. Oh, you got some tickets Yeah, well, I'm glad we got tickets because I sure don't want to watch it game on Fox on Sunday Oh God forbid I haven't to see that purple people eat or thing on air for getting yeah Well, you know, you ought to do a survey of your listeners and get a you know get a pull of like everybody that hates it And they don't care that you know Fox are the most arrogant bastards They just made up their mind that they're going to inflict that on the audience They don't they know that everybody hates it, but Sandy Grossman and that crowd they don't care Well, they know we all hate my camera too, but they don't care. They're going to force him on us, too Well, isn't it also facts it wants to have the three periods changed to four quarters? Yeah, hold your breath guys Oh, hold my breath. I mean talk about screwing around with a perfect game talk about reinventing anything for their own Expediency, okay, they can stick it up their ass Seriously, well, you hang in there, Neil really enjoy talking to and I enjoy listening okay, okay See you everyone. Bye. We have an open line in Broward 524 tomorrow It's a good thing we got let's eat and I've we got the red wings in the Colorado of course tomorrow night is Wednesday That means Pompado Park. I'll be there, right? Just calm down. Just take a take a chill But tomorrow is going to be a gigantic day in the history of the radio industry and this market I'm not making this up. This is not the Phil Henry show. I'm not feeding your line. All right. I wouldn't yep It's the real thing. It's the Emma's tomorrow is going to be a gigantic humongous We're having stuff going on over here, which we don't know what it is We have a lot of rumors still going on and then Paxons have an express conference at eleven Which is convenient because that's after we're gonna find out whatever's going on over here And then we're gonna be on here spill in the beans all over the goddamn place and who knows? How fast is this gonna happen by the way if it's what we think it is? Do we know we're getting any rumors on that? Like maybe by Thursday What are you laughing about we want off a M? Okay? We want off this goddamn arcade being on a M is worse than being on sure wave at least your wave travels along distance I mean like over to hold goddamn continent But being on a M is like Jesus it's like we're in nickers And the fact that we get the numbers that we do being on a M or you have to go out and just poke just poke people in the brain And say hey guess what if you're under the age of a hundred there's something called a M radio and it's not just for all religion and Haitian music or whatever And of course isn't it always great when you're like especially on a day like today when it's raining when there's storms in the atmosphere That's always good on a M that makes for real good listening Like that we love being on a M right? Who's the guy when he went on Zeta one morning the first day? I told you a M was dead That was like nine years ago And there've been a couple of us on here resuscitating and pumping and breathing life into what over these last few years Just to try to keep it just to keep a pulse level going on there and pulse went out of business long before our Britroniver came along Yes, you don't even know what that is do you mr. Hotshot pulse used to be the radio rating service? How do you like that? pulse that was the name of it and then they said well, we don't want no pulse in Miami because they don't have one It's 11 13 at Wild on the big Wednesday show and how from home improvement all right He's gonna be here to tell us apparently there's new battery recycling program And I know what is gonna say just home and it can out, you know And we're making me doing topping for the ice cream for kids, you know go ahead do it There will let you know if you're right tomorrow Rick and said six to 10 a.m. on the use talking in agreement radio six times Wild Okay, I just figured out what's gonna happen tomorrow, but I can't tell you But I think it has to do with Tampa and with here and with buddy Bud Paxon is buying this frequency 610 Wild not this station not the on the era Stuff but the frequent the signal this play 610 and it's perfect for him He's used to have it like point 5's and all of his properties look at I&Z in the light bulb So we can turn this into a point 5 probably within two or three months in one book. He can do that Here's a mobile in Coco Hello, I'm reveal yes, sir If you go to have them we will not be able to hear you anymore. Oh, dammit and there's people up here in Brevard County, Florida Coco Beach, Cape Canaveral, Titus Bill, Bim, Melbourne all listen to you. Well What can I tell you Jackson did to the goat to WGTO up here. What do you do? Oh, the goat and all sports shoes. Yeah, and it's his for its worth and it was when it was oldy And that's that's buddy Bud This guy couldn't program his way out of a wet paper bag. He's got the minus touch in reverse Everything he touches turns to what Mary always doing last night Yeah, I would say so and I'm really really kind of concerned and six ten is one of the only really good signals out of Miami That's even your actual programming on it that you don't have to pin a flashlight Yeah, why do you know black and white TV used to be pretty good too, but things have to move on, you know Well, we're gonna miss you when you'll have to move a little bit, you know We're stuck to moved out of Palm Beach County. Oh, yeah, well, I guess to get it in the FM who will yeah All right good luck. Okay. Nice knowing your pal. See you He'll be they'll be glued to it and of course up in Orlando it'll be the same thing right all our piezons up there That sit under high tension wires just so they can hear the goddamn station and they're under a lot of high tension while they're listening just like we are Sitting under those power lines just shaking in their boots hanging on every word waiting for the word next asshole to come along Oh, can you imagine that if they don't hear the word asshole and they'll have to move into sunny foxes Not so they can either word just so they can see one hi. This is funny fox I listen to your Rogers because I could hear the word asshole. There you go get your FM cranked up again, sunny So I don't know. I you know, we're just guessing all we're doing is just to speculate and speculating We're painting many of the rumors, but I do think that I got my finger on a pulse of this thing That there's gonna be a major swap here involving one company in town plus cocks involving some of our stations over there in Tampa, which I'm sure we would love to dump out of that toilet and And this thing this turkey Kind of like a three-way deal here. You know what I'm saying? Like they're spinning off this and spinning off of that like a drill. It's kind of a drill deal This one is spinning around over here and we're spinning around over there and who the hell knows what's going on But tomorrow the shoes are gonna drop even a handsome and grettle never saw shoes like this even in Holland They never saw wooden shoes like this and wooden nickels Here's Boca. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. How's it going today? Great good. I have a question for you. Okay Last night's a game. I'm a steak and did I happen to see Yager in the spotlight when he was going towards the net. Yeah, you know Chris Cuthver made a cost to comment about that They put you know, they put the spotlight on after the penguins score a goal and put it on the player and Cuthver says you know, it's great to have the big players in the spotlight But you guys are gonna have to wait until after they score to do it. You know It's so cheesy. Yeah, like what is this? That was a pretty bush league. Yeah, and what about that hit by b's are? Yeah, go back to the ground. That was sweet. You know something he had every right to be going back in there Was that a little bit He was keeping him out of the goal. He's trying to get back in a crease which is his that's his domain I agree one then he winds up getting the guy damp penalty which is bullcrap I'm gonna end even hellemines the worst referee in a history of the sport and I believe and he makes me sick to my stomach But he's okay, he blows Hey, you might have to call someone to do this back, please Okay, okay, see ya. Okay. There's a guy that's very he's perspicacious He's on top of it and if any of the Panthers are listening including Jody Hills wife right now We love all you guys and your wives and your families and your boyfriends and whoever the hell it is Everybody from top to bottom. B's are was great again last night Billy Lindsay even garport off in a neat little past They're running Lindsay go and what can you say? But you know, so we lost the game and I'm not I'm not one of those people that just to get all sour and peoed and You know, starts turning like some of you bastards out there if you don't win every guy damn game It's cuz we got a lot of very synthetic support out there. We got a lot of front running phones And we'll scrape those bastards away in a real fans those who've really gotten it or this they'll they'll be right there They'll be right in it so to speak Here's for a lot of day along the purple line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going great? I have a statement a comment and a question. Okay? Let's hear the statement my statement I love Indicard and that's car and hockey and I'd rather pick up truck. Oh boy. Yeah, you got all the bases covered. I guess Yeah, my comment. Yeah, is the Panthers are awesome, man. Yeah, they are you turn me on to the hockey stuff and and I was sitting there last night Scorman in the couch like you wouldn't believe and they might underwars were I was ride Yeah, I would change in my underwear almost as many times as mario less You know I was talking to my cousin last night. There's nothing more exciting Then when the puck is like eight feet in front of a net and just sit in there. Yeah, and these guys are fighting for it You see they're in the first period when we get all those good chances and bracer was down and out in the puck is going through the crease That's just missing going in the corner and if we could just allow her is trying to get a hold of it and Shepherd's trying to get a stick on it They just couldn't bang it in there. We had so many good chances in that first period But hey, at least we went into deciding that was unbelievable. Yeah, and that second goal I'm up to familiar with all the guys names when we stand there and he deflected it in Lindsey. Yeah, unbelievable beauty That was unbelievable nice soft pass by garp and law Van Lindsey your stuck at right between the racers legs It was a beautiful thing My question is because I'm not too keen on the talk. Yeah, all the stuff and I'm not gonna ask you all these questions about it Good, but when they're doing the face off, right? What's going on? What's the referee telling these guys to move out or move in? I mean why because they have to be outside the face the circle they have to be You know and they have to stay still they can't like start moving in there to try to get the advantage and if and of course Some of the lines, but you know face off should be routine and they should just drop the damn fucking Get it over with but somebody's lines But they want to be the stars of the game. They want the limelight and so they want to make a big deal out of it And that pisses me off. It slows down the game. It gets everybody better shape and there's no need for it I'm sitting there and it's like okay drop the part right. You look so bad. I'm in the guy's case That's that's what I find myself what I'm screaming at a game that I find half of the screaming I do it the lines been drop it already you asshole That's just drop it and get it over. Let's get the game going and the thing about it is the three games that I went to this year Man when they start a game they start man. They don't do any crap and around in the beginning with all this other whoop-lust I mean the game is like going I said you're not paying attention man forget it and Neil your guide and go panthers all right see you see you Yeah, we're in good shape now. We're in good shape by Friday Gordon Murphy a lead ankle Began a little bit better. I noticed he had kind of a tough lie a time skating last night. He'll be alright Plus the ice was real bad in there 97 degrees in Pittsburgh yesterday and the puck was bouncing around like a basketball and at the M.I.S. in the Igloo I thought any in Igloo. It's supposed to be pretty guy damn cold. You know what I'm saying? 97 degrees in town pretty weak ice up there for a place that talks a big game Especially that big mouth stand savered on sports beat last night Stay and I want to tell you something you're okay, but you're gonna be sleeping with a fish You keep that crap up show us a little bit of goddamn respect when you place mr. hot shot and by the way how the pirates do it It's 1123 a W.I. O.D. lip 100 miles per hour in a carbon fiber tub in the cars rocket into US 500 this weekend in Michigan Then Freddy get unserved fit a quality ambassador the guys with fast cars and turned on home Santa back for more open wheels of open wheel action Sunday at 130 p.m. live the US 500 Only a news talk in entertainment radio 610 W.I. O.D. it's a party out there Folks I'd like to say a song about About me about About the way our American hearts beat way down a bottom of our chest About that special feeling we get in the tacos box In the golden tacos maybe in the subcopter area Maybe in the liver maybe in the jaz Maybe even in the golden beat on The I'm just too great you are joking with a regular job I'm your average whites Superb and I love I like football Cornel What's about me? I got an average house Where the night's hardwood for my wife and my job my kids and my car I'll feed on my safe and I can't do this ago But sometimes I'm just kidding up to keep a man like me just to Oh no no wait I know I've gotta go out and have fun It's someone else's experience Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I try really cool Give me all the best things Well people behind me are going to say I'm gonna do you You're gonna do you I'm gonna do you You're gonna do you I use public toilets and I Some of the seats I want around in the summer times I ain't all about this me I'm gonna do you You I'm gonna do you You're gonna do you Sometimes I'm in the And the gap is space Well and the gap people They can't be kept The places I'm gonna do You're gonna do you I'm gonna do I'm gonna do you Baby I should be singing this song Rancy and raping and caring Oh Baby they're right for they tell me I'm wrong Now I'm gonna sue you You Come on You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get myself a 1967 I'm gonna get a lot of freedom I think with a whale in the hot cast And all other cow in the area And think round baby seal I spread headlines gas I'm gonna climb around that baby I'm 150 miles per hour Just getting one mile per gallon It's like an out-quarter ton of She's burned us with down The old man's not buying a credible star I'm gonna get tanners I'm gonna suck it down those Re-spall burgers I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag And then I'm gonna toss this down I'm gonna get tanners right off the side And then right in the gas Damn thing anybody can do it But you know why? Because we got the bomb That's why Doers Nuclear And weapons of Hey Russia Germany's Romania They can have all the democracy they want Thinking of a big democracy Take one way through the middle of the universe In a bit square And it won't make a lick of difference Because we got the bomb So dad is John Wayne's Now stand to be proud And as soon as we find a cure for cancer We're gonna fire on the zoo And he's gonna be pretty pissed off You know why? The door is taking a cold shower But we'll multiply that by 15 million times That sounds pissed off The goose can't believe you I'm gonna get a zoo Skip the giant ketchup magazines And this neighborhood is next time That can come and arrange東西 And drive on at the next exit you know who will y'all ask That's it just John, uh yes Say it, yes, I fell Hello nigga, are you ready to live with your marg Grant? Aordea! um I'm gonna ask all of you to try out it. Okay. 1132 at WID. So we're getting calls from all around the state all around the globe, all over the world. We're getting calls from the other planets now. What's going on down here? Who's on first? Et cetera. All I can say is... We don't know. Here's Papeno. Hello. Papeno. Gone? They got terror waiting? Well who the hell can blame them? Okay. I'm sorry about that. And if you believe that. We have an open line at Broward 5249463 2 on a green line's of course in Palm Beach. And the good news is if we do go on FM which we're just speculating on Ed. Can you imagine there will be no excuse in Palm Beach County for anybody not listening to this radio station because they will be gone. We'll be booming in up there won't we? We'll be just booming in zooming. We might get two or three calls a week from up there. Besides from you know who. Here's Papeno. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Oh. I'm in a panther panther for two years. Yes. And I've been living up in Jacksonville for past year and I've been able to get the lighting game. Oh, forget them. Oh no doubt. They blow. So I'm back down here for some of the occasion. I was just wondering, would you have to know when the panther's got all practice up here in my house? What happened in a while? When the panther's got all practice. When they get off? Yeah. I don't know when that will. So I know when they get off. But you have to know the time. When they get done with practice I would say usually around 11.30.12 o'clock. Like right around this time. Okay. All right. Thanks. Well, I can't come through some people some doopath. Sure. I guess I mean today is one of those days. Whatever you like. All right. Chris. Ryan Reed and George. All of us doopath. Okay. Give a panther a big kiss for us. Oh, I will. Okay. The Broward 5249463. We have one on a green line. 1 8944-Wild. We have three on the upper lines and we have 72 on a magenta lines. We also are keeping open our yenteline in case there's anybody out there who knows anything. Anybody that works for Paxon. Let's see. We heard from who? Off the air. We don't want to say dime Cox. Did he say be sure not mention my name on here? Yeah. That's exactly what he said. Too late. And then we talked to a Roger Fisher over in Tampa at the St. Pete Times. So that's why I played the Escalca. It's a long song. Well, you know, is it more? Let's face it. Maybe I might get some information from some of these people who wants to wait until tomorrow to find out what they'll is going on over here. I'm getting choked up about it right now. Oh, I see. Oh, that's it. That's it. That's the end. See what I'm really hoping is that Bud Paxon's going to write him a check and just buy the station and blow us all out of here and pay everybody off that's under contract. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Are you a dream and you're an idiot man? See, I know. I had a very scary man. He signed him to a new deal here and then they decided to say goodbye to him like a couple of months after that. They paid him off. He said on his ass, played golf and drank for a year. And now he's got his own gig over there. He got a year of his life for free. Got that paycheck in the mail every week and went right out of the liquor store and say, hey, all right, who's a boogah? That's the way to do it, Mikey. And I'll guarantee you, Mikey and Roger and Henry, they're all listening right now on the edge of their seats and all the enthers, man. Ron Harrison, he's listening. Of course, they always are. But now even more attentively. They've turned up so loud. They're getting good vibrations in their goddamn colostomy bags right Henry. Exactly. And when that big announcement comes tomorrow, whatever it's going to be, you can be damn sure it's going to be some hells of poppin' over there. Oh, exactly. See what I'm saying? So finally, you know, better late than never. Finally, after all these weeks and months of being just strong along, you know, when is the shoe going to drop? When are you going to do something? Just do something. Like the guy says to the bird, just play something already. Just shut up and play something. And finally, we might get some goddamn idea of what the hell is going on here. Where are we going to be? Who's on first? Does our life really have any meaning anymore? Is it worth getting out of bed in the morning like on Thursday? That's what it's all about. Because there's that human element in here that radio operators, owners of radio stations resent bitterly, is that human element. If they could just automate everything, they'd be in goddamn radio heaven. It'd be in corporate heaven to eliminate the human element. All these pain in the ass talk show hosts and three by five card readers and program directors and all these other asses. If they could just automate something and spin it on there and keep the goddamn money machine roll and roll and roll and just like CCR roll and like a drill. Just keep grinding that money through like the goddamn guy with a monkey on the street quarter of that organ grinder. Just keep grinding it. Just grind your organ. That's what they do in Spain. It's so fried bull organ. It's 1130, they do outside the bullfight. Did you know that by the way? And they, yeah. Why do you think they smell like that? Oh, it's that cheese. 1137 at WOD. At 610, WIOD. We talk a lot about the dolphins, but this week they'll have to wait. Big burly guys, smacking each other and slapping a little puck around, get the spotlight in the quest for Lord Stanley's Cup. The most Panther coverage is right here. I'm using the new talk and entertainment video. 610 WIOD. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. The gay lifestyle is finding acceptance everywhere. That's why it's time to step out of the closet and into a whole new world of savings. That's who he'll welcome our shoppers. Game art. That's right, game art. Where you'll find savings up the Wahzoo. There's a flashing pink light special in our ladies department where you fellas can find all the clothes you love to wear. Woooo! Good! Hey, Mark, where we invite you to come out every day. Hey, out of the way. These are in checkout our automotive department where you'll find the world's largest supply of diesel equipment. The selection is fabulous, right Cindy? Right, oh. Game art is your warm stop same-sex marriage headquarters. Who has stated like a cum and fun? You'll recognize the savings even if the state doesn't recognize your marriage. Creep and if you get hungry. After a long day of shopping or whatever, don't forget to stop by the game art cafeteria. Where chef Bruce can do things with a hot dog you will only dreamed about. Game art. Where there's always plenty of free parties in the rear. 1142 at WIOD. Speaking of that Supreme Court repeals anti-gase civil rights law on Colorado. You saw that yesterday by a six to three vote. You see who the three go-and-more that voted on the descending thing? Antonins Scalia. Boy, if that isn't a day-go name if I ever heard one. And that fascist William Rennquist that Nazi. And you see who the other one is? Clarence Thomas. How do you like that? Not only does he hate women, he hates faggots too. So what I, you know, of course to sure, just because the guy's a minority member. Don't mean that he's like, uh, he's a piece of crap as what he is. So anyway, I guess Colorado have to go back to square one. Start over again and start picking on the people with orange hair. We have an open line in the green line. 1-800-944-4963. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. I just wish one to comment on that one caller who was talking about, uh, he's been a Panther fan for three years. Yeah. Well, I've been hockey fan for quite a number of years. But if you're a real, once you get the bug, the hockey bug, you get so excited about anything about it. Just the opionce and going to the arena. Yep. And, uh, this is funny. The first game of the series when they were playing the Bruins. It was Saturday and I was coming home. And I was in my driveway. I can't really open the gate. They started playing that, uh, the first home game, uh, in Miami. Right. They started playing that music and I was getting goosebumps. I was just sitting there listening to the music. Yeah. When they're getting ready to get on the ice. And also, I just wanted to tell you, I loved that thing that you play from hockey night Canada. Oh, man. That just gets me all wired up. Yep. When I'm driving, I get to the hair on the back of my neck stand straight up. Oh, man. I know the feel. I feel like I'm ready to move to Davy when I play that with my hair standing up on my neck. It's wonderful feeling. You know, you know, you, and you can't, you know, it's something that drugs will do for you. It's just a natural and enjoyable thing. No man. It's our thinking of the hits and the bucks they own in and the saves and the crowd. And, uh, got, uh, and just one other thing. Uh, I haven't, I tuned in late because I had it. Dr. Supplymanus one. Did you have any mic lining on this morning? I'd love to hear something. No, I couldn't get you any mic lining because he's doing the radio. You realize that there's no TV, the ESPN and Fox and CBC. You've got the last two rounds all wrapped up. So, Mike is doing radio in Pittsburgh. So, we got, uh, we got no way to get it. Even in all of once. You know, the ones you had on tape. I love them. I love the listen to them. He's the greatest. Well, you know, he'll be done here. I don't know which day they're coming down. But we're going to try to give him a studio either. There's deer fry. Oh, that would be super. I'd love to hear him out. Oh, yeah. When you have them on. He's the best. He is. I don't care what Remer says. Mike Lang's the best. Oh, question. Oh, God calls right after that. And I can give it the whole list. I don't want to give Remer up. Said nobody describes the game like he does. Right. I mean, it goes right through the TV. Right through the radio everything. I mean, it's really exciting. Amen. Okay, brother. Okay. Oh, panther. See ya. All right. Okay. Yeah. As a matter of fact, uh, we better find out. Of course, probably, Remer will be telling us when Mike Lang is going to come down. Here. Another free lunch while Mike Lang's doing a talking while you're delivering the newspapers. There's a dream that lives deep in every heart. People who need to come out with me throw them out in a minute. Those dark and many magic things they've done hard. And it's worth those sweats. And it's worth the fight. Because the chance may never come away. We're here to come and ask for the day you'll be shot. The flowers keep inside. It's better for the darkness. Yeah. For the day you'll be shot. It's just a bit strong. For the fingers rise. It's just a bit intense. It's just a bit of a pain. It's a bit of a pain. But the chance may never come again. For the day you'll be shot. It's just a bit of a pain. It's a bit of a pain. Never lose it. Go back to Zuba. Right side. Daniel shoots at the bucket. One. And one of your rounds. One. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. And one. The building. Peter and Ed Bad and the penguins. Time to series. In the greatest game. Maybe in the history of the penguins. With the exception of the Stanley Cup wins. Okay. Calm down. It's 1148 at W.O.D. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 W.I.O.D. Okay. Hello out there. We're on the air. It's hockey night tonight. Tencent goals for the full blows and the puck goes down the ice. It's only seconds remaining in the power fly. One nothing to rodo here in the first. Go by Doug Gilmore who has the puck below on the right wing to hit. In the disobey. Into the corner. It goes to Sunday. And front of the McRiffey. Back ahead. Stores. Very bird thing. His 1000 point. And the Leafs come on. The bench. And they take their two on the play. So flash the home team fails behind. But they grab the puck and go bursting up and they're down across the line. They storm the trees like fumble these. They travel like a burning flame. We see them flying the fucking side. It's the one one hockey game. We're not going to play. We're going to play the back. If you're set to race for really one man to pass. Do it. Really check the fight. Get them. Never keep the puck in. For a starter. We're going to scream this shot out of the play. We're going to scream this shot out of the play. We're going to scream this shot out of the play. We're going to scream this shot out of the play. I'm the ring. And the Stanley Cup is all filled up for the champs who went the ring. Now the finals like a la hockey stick. And a one-time getting screen. The puck is in. The home team wins the good ol' hockey game. You're as cold. But where are you going? Where are you going? We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. All right. Let's go. We've got to keep the spirit going here next couple of days. We've got this little drop between now and the Friday. I was starting to say we got tonight to try it and Colorado into try it. And then tomorrow we got a little bit of a respite there. And Thursday they play Game 3 and Friday of course is the first game here. What a great or a report. He hasn't sold our tickets yet. But he's going to be putting him up to the highest bidder during the show tomorrow. And we're going to see you can bid more Cox broadcasting buddy Bud Paxon, Woody Graber or some of you guys. Here's Pompo. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. As you were returning from your vacation, I was beginning mine. Where did you go? I went to Italy. I went to Rome and Milan. And wonderful as usual. Rome is great as always. Milan is as boring as watching vanilla up a pudding. Not even eating. It's just watching it. Well, I went through a lot of best places in going this country and your favorite and mine last Vegas. All right. We try to get a bunch of people together to go out to the Sports Book to watch the final game in the Panthers Flyers series. And basically had a bag, like the bartenders and the Mirage to turn it on because he was saying everybody was there to watch the bowls in the next and they were going to dominate the TV screen. Why don't you in the Sports Book? Yeah. Yeah, they had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. He had a lot of kids. And I thought I was pretty much an air Sono Wherehip! One day we were building a lot of students in May got to know they were fighting a dragon and they were used to fighting now back to the land. There was also aaging impact. So the children were an350 seven years later he went inside the park. So that they weren't getting only received during the 되게 low level. While watching Sunday. Twice, they were here, and I thought it was some of their Elam and I think, before so many kids they could watch even on the Mont Julios Inheads and start watching a better place. every time they find anything man, it's their hyperventilating. They have like extended newscast and everything. It was almost nonstop. So it happened on a Saturday and I was still in Europe at the time in Italy. And then we came back on Monday and by that time we were like in full force on this thing and it's like 15 out of the 24 hours now they're on top of it. But obviously it's a big story. But the big story is the safety aspect and the whole thing with value jet in the FAA. The story is not, you know, how many body parts are they going to find or all this other crap? We were in the, well, we were traveling when it happened basically. I'm saddened. We got a certain time generally that the crash is out of even about it. The next day is not watching a lot of TV and Vegas. But actually, in fact, the freaky part about it is in Europe, you know, they not only have CNN international, but they got the NBC Super Channel and the BBC. And all of them were taking live feeds from stations down here, including especially Channel 7, which, you know, here you go on vacation. You try to get as far away as possible and you still can't get away from McSanschance. World wide wrecked. Oh, terrible. If you got the Sun Sentinel there, I'll page 8A in editorial, bottom left hand corner, OJ sentence never to be free. Really? So, you know, some pseudo and electrical pinhead from Kansas City might be worse. Where's your reading? Are they serious or is it like sarcastic? No, it's like, you know, you're reading it and I'm, I get, I kind of got like a slam like a real sorry for OJ. Oh, geez. You know, has it, you know, Hodgey. There wasn't Richard Nixon, you know, become honored. Yeah, yeah. More like here, and didn't the junk bond dealer is, you know, I think this guy's got it backwards. I think the public has been sentenced never to be free from OJ. We can't get away from the Sun of a bitch. Every day his post is on a weekend now. Exactly. And he was still in a mountain out of the way as you can go next. You'll find some suckers somewhere. Hi, Neil. Maybe the Arabs will take him. Have a good one, go, Pam. Okay. So anyway, it's 1158 at WOD. We were all kind of breathless around here. Anything any updates since we last broke anybody running up and down in a hallway hyper ventilating. I'm quite for a good five minutes in a row. All right, we had five. That's the bulletin now. It's been quite for five minutes. We haven't found any body parts here in the building in the last five minutes. But there are definitely people who are like, you know, jumping off the top of Channel 7 or people climbing the IOD tower back here right now as we speak. And it's just amazing that tomorrow finally, finally, after all these weeks and months a pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. The minute we know that we need to find out what the hell is going on around this joint. And wouldn't it be kind of like a breath? Cause you know, I gotta be honest with it, there's a certain amount of stagnation that you go through in this business no matter how well you're doing or how long you've been somewhere. In fact, the longer you've been there, the more stagnant things become. Do you know what I'm saying? I mean, we're stagnating here all the way. We do have our facts machine back. If anybody wants to try it out, 758WOD. I thought we would just wait and to get the facts machine back until we change the whatever it had that would be another good excuse. We don't want to run no advertising, no promotion for you guys because there's something that works. We don't know what it is. We can't tell you, we're not really sure, but yeah, well, that'll be all over as of tomorrow. They'll have to a pony up with somebody and start doing something somewhere. But in that guy that facts me, you know, you're a cool one. I'll still if. I need to refax that because it didn't come out in the old machine. But they fixed it. You know, you're a Cuban asshole if. Yes. And what's that? What is that? The long way if you need a lot of plan that you know, you're a Republican. Democratic. Conorilla. Is that it? Yes. Stuff like that. I need to pass it out to my family. Make about 100 copies. And James Brown is not a muddy cool in, by the way. That's that is disgusting. What kind of a comment is that? But a little Richard is a little Richard is a muddy cool. So anyway, all the pens are which is salabla. You put the emphasis on. So like I said, the mob buddy, but Patzen's holding a press conference. We got stuff going on over here, which we can't talk about because it says not for broadcast on the memo. Or not going to read the memo, what we can just make. You know, we can just elude the fact that maybe tomorrow somebody's going to be. In fact, if I were one of you guys here, I would bring in several changes of underwear tomorrow, just like Mary, who didn't the game last night. And you know, when you come down to the Mario thing, the fact that he was taking a dump for those 10 minutes, that he had the stomach flu and he was like taking gigantic, he had the cramps without the M. Just stop and think about how many of these athletes to go out to any play a game for two and a half, three hours. Stop and ask yourself, you know, if some of them can't hold it every now and then. Do you know what I'm saying? Just stop and visualize that right here. If Neil calls you an asshole, you're in good company. No, I owe D, you might only afford a lot of day. And you've stalked in entertainment radio. 610 W.I.O.D. If I sell my hand, go break, you know, I need to put down my. Never street to Neil. The only thing in this town, that's Mary, oh. He thought all his stuff reminds me around just to hear that famous farting sound from the Atkins die. Take the fret off your sandwich and like taking fun of sister Mary, man, Dutch. Neil Rogers, you're the best. You really put my amy to the test. Neil Rogers, always gets no your day. Neil Rogers, you're fine, that's too big. Neil Rogers, the only thing I miss when I go. When a wave for a week and a side, it's out of load. But happy anniversary, Neil, always love your show. Krabs, what are you laughing about, Phil? He had the Krabs, okay? He had the Krabs without the M, he did. Yeah, well, we might give him the Krabs again on Friday, but for a different reason, okay? So, Mary, it'll be okay. It's just one of those things. It happens to the best of them. When you got to go, you got to go, okay? He just appears for ten minutes and what do they want him to do? Follow him into the guy named Torlitt and there in the dressing room with a guy, give him a little privacy in here, that's it. So, the fax machine is working, by the way, we had to immediately just like a line checker on a phone. We had a fax tester. It says, hey, Neil, is your sticking fax machine. Work, this is a test. The panthers are going to take a dump and the puck to on the Pittsburgh parade. It's right, hope stands out. It's right in the middle of that parade when we dump on it, okay? Because I didn't like his comments at all last night. I thought that he was fair. In fact, didn't we just get through seeing that a few days ago about how they're not, you know, real, a bunch of assholes like the Philadelphia media. Well, guess what they are. Maybe it just rubs off in the state of Pennsylvania and in mass attuctions, same kind of crap. Maybe that's what Maryow took last night, a mass attu. We have an open line and broward five to I think it was more than two. Five two four nine four six three and we have the green lines. Wait nine. You'll 1 8 hundred nine four four. Wild boy. They're all running around the building. They're buzzing with stories. Everybody's got a story. Everybody's got a rumor. Everybody's got this. Everybody's got a lot of a roll of shaman in their hand. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Wayne is top of this. Are you doing okay? Yeah, don't worry about last night. You know, we're bound to. You're not the least bewilder. But splitting one with these guys. Right. Like a miracle. I don't know if that but holding him to a three two game up there. We, you know, we made him sweat. Yeah, you know. Like we scared the out of them. Anyway, listen, I had a shame this request. Yeah. Uh, there's just two that you played a walk about Boko and meant this person from Boko and like. Yeah. Bill. So it's running if you could play that for me. See ya. See ya. Hey. Yeah. What is it? Why don't we do see? We don't know. We don't know. We don't know. We don't know. There's a moment. There's place. I know. Oh, well, they will see people go. It's where royalty, they follow. And that's what I like about Boko. A down where he goes on heaven's small. A down where they say, how tall. And every corner has a hole. And that's what I like about Boko. Oh, yeah. Ben, 10 grand on golf course fees. Spend the day in Jewish bakeries. You should take these delicacies. And that's what I like about Boko. The pleases skewers are added to the pizza. And our VMW is a we find pleasure in being rude. That's what I like about Boko. Gucci belt and Rolex watches. White shoes make us so obnoxious. If you're clean, let you touch us. And that's what I like about Boko. We really don't care what you think. Do you see how a do-do doesn't stink? There's no coffee. Only Moko. And that's what I like about Boko. That's a line. I ain't come out of Boko. Yeah, you're right, Andy. Who gives a flying crap about Boko? So we have two open lines on the green lines. One eight, or that other stuff. 1 849449463. It's 11 past noon at WI. What is this place? Whatever it is, George. Hello, everyone. This is Dr. Jim Sadler. Have you ever wished that you could change the weather by simply using your mind? Well, we do it. Other Jim Sadler show. We change entire weather systems simply by using our mind. Afternoon. Phil Henry, 2 to 6 PM on news, talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Neil? God? Neil, God. Like a lady. Like a lady. What? Like a lady. Like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. Oh, there's a difference between the lines. Oh, yes, there is a difference between the lines. Oh. You shall not meet with his says. I thought you were my queen. But I know it's something funny. I saw the bulging your jeans. She looked like a lady. Like a lady. What? Like a lady. Like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the lines. Oh, yes, there is a difference between the lines. Hmm. You were my perfect lover. But I was surprised. Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised. She looked like a lady. What? Like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the lines. Oh, yes, there is. Oh, between the lines. 12, 16, a Wild, whatever the hell this is. Or is it really? Is it, oh, I took the card out. Damn it. Don't take the card out. Whether it's AMPM or maybe it's two open lines in dates, 7, 5, 19, 4, 6, 3, 7, 5, 1, Wild, D into on a green line. You better call from Palm Beach right now and get used to it. Because we're going to be booming up there pretty soon, whether you like it or not. Maybe or maybe not. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, here. Yes, sir. Could it be 103.5 Wild FM? No. No. Definitely not that one, not definitely, but my, could be. Hey, I knew. Yeah. Did you see in the heroin? I think more likely, 106.7. That's a more. Are you want 05.9? What about Howard? What about him? I don't know. Hey, did you see in the heroin today 3D? Volkhamber to WQAM? No, I did not. Kimber is going to QAM to replace Rock Omen Dover. Kimber is going to QAM? Mm-hmm. Kimber. Kimber, Bokember. Oh, Kimber, Bokember. Kimber, Bojangles? Get out of here. Yeah. Is that what he says? Well, how come we, nobody in here is talking about that? Are you in can my chain or what? 3D here. Wait a minute. Okay, hang on a second. Where is the Harold Sports section? We got it? I try not to touch it. And the Harold too. Okay, here's the Sun Sentinel. Here's the USA today. See, we always put away at the bottom. To make sure we don't get polluted by it. Okay, here's the Sports section of the Harold. I hope you're not the tell-and-tales pal. 3D where is the Warren a page? Left bottom, left middle, left. Oh, but it's got a question mark. Oh, wouldn't that be something? Oh, God, we can only pray for that. W-I-D's Kimber Boke in jangles has emerged as a candidate for a job at WQAM. Although no offer has been made. Boke, Boke, Canber might feel a role on QAM above a bar. They declined comment. For the moment, QAM will stick with Steve Shapiro and Joe Rose. Chris Moore might audition after the panther. See, that's it. Nothing, so it's like just guess work. How about Craig Werdinung on 6th and F-L gets moved? Yeah, well, of course he'd be here. I'll put something to listen to finally. There you go. And Aaron's contract is up in September. What are you guys going to do? Who's going to be on a night in? You're asking me like, I know something like that. Who said her contract's up in September? She did. I don't think so. I think her contract was up like in February. Oh. And she's still hanging around. Hey, about the time. Actually, she don't work here anymore. Just somebody forgot to tell her that. About the panther's now. Kind of like Chris Baker. Yes? I think that's Grulin is the key with the face off and the forechecking. It'll be killing. We didn't do too good on the face off last night. Nope, but a game one we did and I think that's the key. And we also didn't do too good on a penalty killing. Two of their three goals were power play goals. That's right. And we were over five, so we have to improve in that. And Scroodler got early penalty, which I didn't like by the way. Yeah. All right. Yes, Grulin's been when he's good. He's great. And when he's, you know what I'm saying about him? I still have the verdict is out on him. When he's great, when he's on his game, he gets all fired up. He's dying to my point. But when he's off his feet, for there was a thing last night. I don't know if you noticed that he had a great, he had a great opportunity to shoot and he tried to pass in the study at a wide open shot. And then there was another situation. I think in the second period, he had a completely open shot. He was about 12 feet out and he shot five feet wide. You know? He's a little blown at K2. He just a little on the pond beside. But he'll help you. Okay. All right. We'll fire him up on Friday. Go, Panthers. Okay. We have two open line. What? More rumors. Oh, here's another rumor. Hello, rumor line. Hi. Hi. I know what's happening. I just trying to get through all morning. Okay, please. Um, Kim Bo-Kampers, not there in the eye. It's Kim Bejun, happy from Florida, for Sam Magazine. And he's going to be the number one man for... Wait a minute, you mean with QAM, you know what's going on? Yeah. Who cares about that? That's small potatoes. That's stations a joke. Well, I thought you would want to hear. We do want to hear. But when you said, I know what's going on. I thought you met with IOD and with all the other good with Paxon. No. But I have any duty stuff. Who wants QAM? Who owns it, Beesley? Oh, that's right. Um, they just bought it. I know. And it's still sucks. I know John, he'll be going to be the number one guy. Uh, who the hell is that? From Florida, for Span Magazine. Yeah. And Joe Rose is going to be the number two guy. They're going to push and Joe out. They're pushing them out? I know. Maybe because he refused to get his teeth fixed. I remember what he looks like. Yeah. But you ever saw my channel six news? Oh, man, he's got a GAMP between his teeth. You'd like the Grand Canyon. Maybe he's going to go to work for the GAMP. So one is that going to happen? Friday. So, uh, so both... You can even hear the commercial sound of radio about it. So both campers not go to QAM? Uh, don't think so. Damn it. Okay, thanks. We'd art. See ya. Okay, there you go. Uh, all the day lines are wide open. Now, 751, the end to a 751, what room are you got? And if you don't have one, just make one up. It might be true. You never know. And we have an open line on a purple line. That's mobile one. Celli, TNT, wireless pound IoT. I guarantee that there's plenty of people over there. Uh, packs in right now that know exactly what's going on. But they're all sitting back worried that somebody's going to recognize their voice. Do one of those scrambled things. Okay, scrambled your voice, scrambled your eggs, scrambled your brains. And let's get some good rumors going on here between now and tomorrow morning. Okay? Get everybody nervous. Get everybody doing the mario. It's 1220, which is kind of like the Green Apple Quift step. 1221 at WIOD if you want. A lot of guys talk sports, but not like default room and high. Sports writers on the radio. There's no show, white, like it. And uh, the boys do their show live on location. Every Thursday night at David Buster's. There's no place, white, like it. Talk, Panthers. Talk, dolphins. Talk, baseball, with default room and high. Play pool. Play shuffleboard. Play unbelievable video games. Sports writers on the radio. Thursday night at 6pm. Live at David Buster. On views, talk and entertain the radio. 610. WIOD. WIOD. That's bad. When you were young and you looked in your sister's drawer, you probably tried the dresses on. And now you figure it's okay since you saw Braveheart. And such groups are a guy. But you killed us too high. If you killed us too high, it puts them on the weird run. Will you miss the war in the home? 1227, a WOD. That's our poll question is, uh, to the scots, really climb up the old poll. Do they wear anything out of those kills? Does anybody really give a damn because God are those boring people? Here's the lady in marathon. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I just got back to town and what, like, what's happening? What's going on? I mean, if I turn in the sixth 10 tomorrow, I'm not going to get you guys. Oh yeah, we'll still be here tomorrow. Maybe. When's the move going to be? You're asking me like I know? Oh. Tomorrow is our big, uh, uh, we're supposed to find out. But drop in the back. Oh, I'm sure. If you move to FM, FM signals as strong as AM signals. Well, they're not as strong, but they come in a lot clearer. I mean, where you can get them, but they don't go as far. You don't think you would go to marathon. Um, pretty unlikely. Oh, I got what I'm going to do. Move. What am I going to do? Move to someplace good like Narendra. Like what? Like color ridge. Like homes that just move here. From where? From Pennsylvania. Oh, from Pennsylvania. Oh, from Pennsylvania. Well, at least you're locked close to that. Well, you got a penguins fan, are you? Well, I am now. Thanks to you. A penguins fan? No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, panters fan. Oh, thank God. Oh, my God. Well, I'd be a flyer if I weren't. Well, you're from Philly. Uh, well, we took care of them. We took care of them. We took care of them. We said that back up the old Hershey highway. Yeah. Yeah. Can't bother me. Well, I really don't, you know, we don't know. We're just guessing it this time. There's so many rumors flying around and circulating. It's been like, like, I'm not house here for about six months now. And evidently, finally tomorrow is D-Day. For what, you know? For, yeah, for whatever's going to happen. Oh, my God. Exactly. Exactly. I couldn't have put a better myself. That's what everybody in the building is said. Oh, my God. Yep. Well, uh, well, it's still because of your IOT. Oh, my God. Well, it might be called. We might sell the frequency, which is 610, but they're not going to sell the property. Do you understand what I'm saying? In other words, all the programming that's on W-Y-O-D? We would just, if this is what's going to happen, we would just move it all onto what FM. Which anybody in their right mind would rather be on FM. With all due respect to our friends in marathon. And Coco Beach. You know what they have for us? They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. They have for us. But you know what they have for us, Station here. It is so right, Wayne. I thought I was supposed to fill Henry one day to talk about George Bush used to have kids coming in now, the White House all the time, and so did Gerald Ford. Oh, hey. Great. And crazy, but I mean, you know, really. Next, I'll be talking about the Pope. Oh, I think he does. But anyway, why do you like to alter boys? But I don't know what to tell you, but tomorrow's the day you have to tell everybody to be sure and tune in because tomorrow will be able to tell you what's going on. Well, listen, could I? Is there during the show? No, we're going to find out where I could get some kind of radio that would. I'll tell you right now, get a GE super radio, but that only doesn't. I don't know. That won't help you. That won't help you. I don't think. Well, I said, yeah, right. Huh? Yeah, well, I used to live in Alan. Get a really, really nice area. Yeah, that's right. If you get a new York, if you get a tall antenna for no in your lens, it's true because FM is line of sight. It's like TV and it's like line of sight. Well, is that the best you can get is like super radio GE super radio. For AM. But I don't think that it will have any impact on FM. I could be wrong, but somebody can call and tell me, I don't think that has any impact on FM. We'll find out for it. Isn't that, yeah, see if there's some radio like for real radio buffs that, you know, something more than just a GE super radio. Okay. Great. We'll work on it. Oh, my God. We'll be sure to talk about it too. You just don't panic yet. Okay. Tomorrow I can start panicking. Okay. Okay. Just they come. I'll be there. I'll be there. Okay. Okay. Bye. There are an appendix down there in Marathon. They're panicking up in Orlando. They're panicking Coco Beach and in Stored and in Melbourne and in Viro and in Fort Pierce. They're like hyper ventilating up there because they want to know if they're not going to be able to hear us any more for out. I don't know. Okay. That's the answer. Whatever your question is as of this moment as of 1231 on this particular day, all I could say, oh, hi. Hi. There's our here, God Lady. Can you believe that Miriam is here? All I wanted to tell you was, I don't know. And why is George locked in a goddamn love grip in there with Miriam right now? I don't know. Yeah. She's cold. What was that? Even her insides are going to be pretty warm in a second if you don't cut the crap from head to toe. Look at that. They're involved in a love lock in there. But anyway, maybe they're just having a party in each other's pants because of this big announcement that's coming around. We all know what it's about, don't we? I don't know. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi. I'm a big Santa fewers in Hawke. Great. Wanted to ask the favor. Okay. That's on that you have. Are you played a little while ago? It's like going for the dream or whatever. The of the dream, uh, we've been to the chance to meet never come again. Right. Right. Could you let me know when you're going to play it again? So I can record it. How about if I play it as five after one when we come back after the news? How about that being? That would be great. I think that would be excellent timing. Everybody can turn it up real loud and open windows in their house and roll down the windows in their car. We can all like dance and jump up and down and you'll. We're going to take the puck. Right. What I want to ask you. They never played that as a game. No, that's from the CBC. It's a Canadian thing. And let me let me tell you what I want to hold audience to know that I've offered this. Not that I own the rights to it right. I think we're that I discovered it. I guess I discovered it down here because I watched all the CBC. But I suggested to Rimmer last week. I says how about if they got from the CBC the video. And they showed it at the arena before the game. Because the video is much better than just hearing the audio. I mean the video that goes with it is great. You know, it's got clips of all the teams that are still in the playoffs. Like the Panthers and the Red Rites along. You know, and I suggested that they played before the Panther game on Friday. And remember said he would tell it to the appropriate people with the Panthers. And they all love the idea. But whether they're going to do it or not, that's another story. And I suggest very strongly that they do it because I think it would get the crowd just smoking and Small ring and everybody would go nuts if they played it about 720 before they had the starting lineups come out. It would be dynamite. Well, that's what I've always thought. Plus you have another song that's much more upbeat. Yeah, the hockey night tonight, right. Yes. Right. Yes. Well, that's all CBC stuff. Well, because they we didn't know how to do it right. That's right. Well, thank you very, very much. I want for you. I want for you. Thank you. Okay. I hope you got the Star gray certificates. So we got the organizer that would have been helpful to do here at the festival. I miss CoU on December Dept. They said the ГSA virus video, led us network to some national They wouldn't know where I am from there. As? Who was that just now, by the way? Was that another rumor? Who was that? What? On the bat line. Oh, that was, yeah, I'll give you an update. Here's the break. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, let's do it right now. Come on, Miriam, let's go. I gotta have my celebratory haircut for tomorrow. I gotta get looking real young and pretty right here. Real slim. Just like Brad Pitt. Only two bad. I gave way to magazine. You can't see Brad Pitt's penis. She's soaking wet. Have you seen Brad Pitt's penis? Yep. Well, you know, I'm missing much. Real skinny. And his body too. So anyway, now he, you know, Brad Pitt, I'm sorry. His best days are behind him. They're in his past. Like the other side of the tracks, there was a movie he could really act great in, because he was in it with Ricky Schroeder. Now compared to Ricky Schroeder, he's a fantastic actor. He's like a Marlon Brando. But when he tries to be Marlon Brando in seven, his acting is just absolutely on a scale of zero minus infinity. It is so bad, okay? And these people that are calling him to suck around with Rick Rally, saying, oh, yeah, I agree. I'd like to too. And then when you like nail her as to the wall, they agree that the acting sucked. How can you go see a movie? And the acting is pathetic. And the script is horrible. The dialogue is embarrassing. And you still say it's great. And I guess that's cause you like a lot of blood and guts, okay? Well, if you like a lot of blood and guts, you ought to come around this place tomorrow. Right? More than you'll ever see in seven. Call 35 at WIO D-Wing. It comes to news. There is no second place. Your either's up best or you're out of there. I'm a partner. Or believe by many cultures that you've been to this purpose, it's none of which have been been praised. But because of these people, they've been bringing you to the end of this money. And a lot of these parts of one more than they're waiting for. Well, that's news. Target entertainment radio. 610 WIO D- I don't know what it is, but it's moving. The key only was seven when she argued in. On through two more coverage for CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to avoid. Her white trash-footch mother said she'd tie-in with joy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'll pile it. You're too young to fly. You're never, ever. Gonna see that. 1242, the very sick and the mentally deficient Volca Brian here. Anyway, 1242, 18 to one, a WIOT. We have an open line on the, uh, no we don't. Where are we going, Miriam? On what line? On four? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. When is to you? Listen, I was wondering if you went to the party yesterday down in Miami. For what? For, uh, Mickey Eris and the chamber commerce through him a party. Oh yeah, I heard about that. Yeah, but he's a great guy. Yeah, they can blow it out there as in his too. You'll, nobody will ever live long enough to see any arena down there. Listen, I was, I listened to the, uh, the game on radio last night because I was driving up to towards Orlando. Yeah. And, uh, what do you have in my condolences? At the end of the game, old, your buddy there, Denise Potman there. He was, uh, describing how Mr. Baraso, uh, was, uh, waving his arms in the air. You know, was skating around the arena like he was, you know, the big hero. Yeah. Mr. Potman there said, uh, making a reference to how the, uh, pants are going to have a tough time now because we're really dealing with a hot goal. And we could be in trouble. And then what are the penguins doing with? Thank you. Like the business, not a hot goal. I know. I know. Yeah, Baraso played great last night. There's no question about it. But like I've said before, he's very inconsistent. That's the problem with Baraso. And it always has been to play one great game. And he can turn around the next game and stick to join out. Yeah, well, old, Denise there was just a praise in them. You know, you know, how, well, how come all of a sudden every, every report I hear about Denise is that since the playoffs start, he's become a turncoat and all he does now is, you know, praise the other team. How about our guy? That's not the bezer plates sensational again. I know that's what I thought he was the announcer for the other team. No way he started talking about, you know, uh, Baraso and he's got his arms in the air. And now we're going, he's hot goal. Yeah, what do you expect from a frog like that anyway, you know? And, uh, he's two home games. We got to win them and really put the pressure on him. It would be nice, but I still say just like Philadelphia, if we split the next two, one up to a piece and then we go up there, we sneak in. You do understand if you've been watching the, uh, the results of the games that Pittsburgh has had a really tough time in a playoffs this year at home. They've had a very crappy home record. Yeah. And, uh, you could beat him up there. Yeah. Well, I think if we put it up pressure on him when needs two games in the Mario old, we don't back to having the bow movement again. You know, I see that we bring Mario in here and give him a free meal and let you have co-uncaded. And I guarantee you'll, uh, Mario will be tied up for months. Oh, and I'll come to you. I can mention one more thing, uh, uh, I understand that the Stanley Cup's going to be at the Broward more tomorrow at Penny. I'm glad you're right. I'm glad you're reminded me of that. It's going to be a pennies between two and seven at the Broward Maltamar and in the haven't sure a mall two and seven on Thursday. Yeah. Are you going to check it out tomorrow? No. No. Okay, but I just wanted to mention that. I, I still look. I saw right at the hockey hall of fam in Toronto. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, Neil. Okay, pal. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to say a little bit about the $5. What are you doing? I'm quite a year out of the house. I know, but you're doing it like in like one habit of time. That's okay, Maryam, because I got tough eyebrows, man. Just like Andy Rooney, not as big, not like Joseph Gackie. But they're just, uh, they're cock-eyed. You know, I don't know what that's all about. It's called getting old. Thanks a lot, Maryam. By the way, you got my change from that, uh, okay, let's go to a mobile in-for-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, a couple things, uh, first of all, they gave me, I think, uh, I thought the Panthers would try a little bit too hard last night. That's why they were missing some of those, uh, shots and we were taking the puff down the ice. Yeah. Another thing I was, uh, listen, you know, like somebody said before, sometimes you get a lucky Bounce or two like we did in the first game. And other times, uh, the puck bounces the wrong way like you do a couple of times last night. You know, it's, uh, the way it goes. You can't get all the breaks all the time. Yeah. Uh, another thing I was, went to borders to try to get, uh, some of your tapes. Yeah. And they said they sent them back to the station. Well, we don't, we finished that on the, uh, 31st of January. That's the end of it. Oh, I thought they were cheering on like- No, no, we don't know if everybody's sent her in January. Uh, okay. Cause my brother was down on the urges show and we was trying to get him to take this in the, in the Ohio. Right. So anyway. What do you have to make the tapes? You know, you have to, uh, go on, let him send you a check for two or three hundred by a few cassettes. Keep the change and uh, mail him some cassettes, you know. Okay. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Open line and date. Uh, oh, man. There's nothing worse than getting a damn hairballed on your throat. All depending on where you got it, of course. Thanks, Miriam. You're all done? Oh, boy. Takes her about three seconds now. I feel like Wayne getting a haircut. Oh, no, but he's a better tipper. Open line and Broward five two four nine four. I feel like Phil Henry getting a haircut almost. Aren't you going to get Phil and her cutting air? He is fine. He could pay him. He could pay you by the hair by the strand. So anyway, Phil's in here, of course, in breathless anticipation of tomorrow's, uh, psychotic activities. You ready for this tomorrow? No, or what? Yeah, I don't know what it is. He doesn't know what it is, but, uh, Well, you, I don't be. Well, pre and baby, we're all pre and of course, except for Rick that's getting all paranoid in psychotic about this deal. He's very nervous about that. What's he got to be nervous about, okay? He can probably carry Howard's lunch, pay or something like that. It's just a joke, Rick. I don't know what you're going to be doing. You'll be okay. You're in. They would never screw you over here, right? 1247 a WIOD. News talk at entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. I have no cavity, I have no teeth. Recently, sightings of an enormous object have been popping up everywhere. It's so big. So huge. It's not natural. I've never seen anything so big. Something so big. So gargantuan. You won't believe your eyes. I thought I knew big, but this is big. It's John Holmes Pizza. The biggest pizza you've ever seen. A full 18 inches of delicious pizza. How could you possibly fit all that in your mouth? I could handle it. John Holmes Pizza. It's bigger than pizza pizza. It's pizza pizza. Pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza. I don't think I could handle all that, but I'd be willing to try. John Holmes Pizza. Coming soon on a table near you. 1252 a WIOD. So anyway, the rumors are just flying around the building. And we got our big stuff going on tomorrow. And what's the purpose? Why don't we just shut the whole damn thing off until tomorrow? We got to get this box in. Okay. Why don't we run them just all back to back and then get out of here? Here's another guy that's getting to be so chronic now that I'm ready to puke my brains out. I'm ready to start up chucking orange puke all over the counter. So Rick's paranoid, huh? Who? Rick. Who's that? Who? And I want my pants. I got a call from somebody who knows somebody. Oh, here we go. Are you going to be a yenton now, is that it? It's not bad enough. You were that bogus diet of yours with that damn mosa. Twilight Zone diet. Stan Major. Yeah, Stan Major's just coming back right. Yeah, so is Jesus. Did Lamue really have the squirts? Yes. How did you find that? I don't know if it was the squirts. He had, uh, yes. Hey, look, constipated the whole thing. I know he did not. He looked sick. He looked very pale and sickly like he had the stomach flue like everybody else did. Only his expressed itself in a more explosive way of it. Well, he's only going to get worse. Good. And you know something you won't make any difference. He's just too damn good. That's a problem. Listen, you've been right all along. Wayne is not going to stop him. Yeah. I think his wife will kick the little crap out. His wife and maybe one of his sons. She's obsessed with it. Yeah. Well, as far as that piece, he's got the hotstour Billy Lindsay. Who does his wife? I don't know. I just made that up. Did you hear about the story about Larry the other day? No. At the, uh, book a place, the book a bagel place. No, I did not. You know how shy he is. You know, in the interview. No, I really don't. Because I don't know him. I don't know any of the players. Other than I met the Beezer at Papadopark one night the first year and other than that. I don't know what you know. You've seen him interviewed, right? Yeah, I wouldn't say he shy, but he's not, you know, a real like a regular, kind of guy, right? Well, anyway, he walks into the bagel joint with his wife the day after a game. Everybody stands up and starts clapping. Great. But anyway. Were you there? No, I walked in right after it happened. Oh, I just missed it. But anyway, listen to me. What are you doing in a bagel joint? What were you eating there? I was getting some arches for my wife. Nah. Mm-hmm. I'm still on the diet, by the way. On the, twilight zone diet. Great. I'm happy for you. Yeah. Yeah. He wasn't his fault. The director screwed that movie up. Because everybody in that movie acted like crap. Mm-hmm. Did you see him in seven monkeys? No, I did not. I'm talking about. No, I did not. What NBA team was at a bank? He's too sure. Good. He's much too sure to be an NBA player. Anyway, see seven monkeys. Well, no, I'm not going to see seven monkeys. What is it about? Because it's a murder kind of thing. It's a serial murder thing with the Kyle Sosa guy. I don't know his name. San Jose? Kyle Sosa. Yeah. What the hell is that actor's name? I haven't got any idea. Anyway, go rent that movie. Okay. Somebody will call you about it. Well, he really stuck in this movie. I'll tell you. I agree, but he wasn't. And his effort to be Marlon Brando Junior. I mean, it's so obvious. Every, every, every mannerism, every facial expression, every thought that he did, it's smell just like Marlon's man. It was just pathetic. By the way, you, you may want to put out a call for Johnny Depp. Oh, he's back in town. He's, he's, he's forgotten about all of us. And for all those from way back in the past from the agora and the button south, he's put in the bay and back together. Well, that's great. So he's around. His river of penis going to be in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm likely. Anyway, as far as breakfast, I don't give a crap. What does penis look like? Are you cares? A lot of people. I, women don't give a crap about that. Well, you're wrong about that. Trust me when I tell you. I'm a fags care about it. Well, I, I would tend to agree that a flasad penis is not a particularly, uh, you know what I'm saying. It's not something to hear really all I've excited about. Unless you haven't seen one in a long time. Neither is the tors. Kind of like Al Goldstein. On that note, have a good day. Stay stood. We know it would. Hmm. Flavor, quality, and more. Plus, it's cholesterol free. It's the new package meat that everyone in your family can agree on. I love my mister, Monke. Well, we're a favor. That's a fact. You're me, Monkeys. How about that? Mr. Monkey, package meats have a variety to satisfy every appetite. Monkeys, Monkeys sausage, Monkey lunch and meat. Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Mon Monkeys, Monkeys,Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Monkeys, Mon I don't know his name. Oh, we don't know his name. It's Sikmin. Get rid of Maw. And then there's always Stephen J. Gay. Oh, yeah, that's a good one. He's another winner. He's he's worse on the traffic than he is on Saturday. I'll tell you if we can just write up a bunch of these kids that we got on there to send over to QAM. They fit in like a glove. They can replace Rocky bent over. As far as Stephen J. Gray bring back Chris Baker. I know you hate him. The god. I don't think so. He's not coming back anytime soon. All the way does have about the 20 or 30 calls in the Steve Nicholbe, but to don't hold your breath. Have a great day. There's okay. Open line in dates. 7.51946375. Why don't we go one in Broward 5249463. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, let me get some new. Yes, sir. All right. I have to be a funny story. I want to tell you about. I got a buddy of mine who a couple weeks ago. He got pretty soft at some party and he ended up going to some. So anyway, we have an open line in a day. 7509463751. That was really brilliant. Palo was outstanding. And of course, I hope you had a good experience doing it. Open line in the green line. 1.89449463. Ah, whatever. What kind of a cigar was this to you gave me today? Is this like the last genuine have any in month? Is this a Jack Kavorky in cigar? Which I wish I would have seen that with Andy Rooney that I saw it a little bit of it on 60 minutes when they were pruning it. That was very good. But Dr. Jack told it like it is. This is all these people with their hoax pokas religion. He was not gonna add what did Andy Rooney do? He'd like raises eyebrows. You know what? Exactly. You don't feel strongly about this, do you? And by the way, the first one, speaking of Andy Rooney, maybe Dr. Jack ought to work on him next time. Say it like this. 16. W-I. Oh. D-My infortuality. News taught in entertainment radio. 16. W-I-O-D. Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. There's a dream that lives. Keep in every heart. News taught in the name. But you sleep there, Mark. And it's worth the words. And it's worth the time. Because it's just never come again. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. And it's worth the time. But the same thing that I gave, Oh Lord, the same thing that I gave, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh. So Derek, I have a light up here. That says on the air, the one that's all lit up there, when a microphone is open. I mean, somebody's got the mic open. And here you have, radus speak, but hey, how are you doing, Sir? So anyway, 107, W-I-O-D. And you'll be very distrought to know that the panters were very enthused and excited about playing at at the game, or at all a base to the playoff games. John Shannon up at the CBC told Rimmer, it's not a good idea. This is the same John Shannon, who refuses to cut loose with those bill. He would tape that he'd been promising me for last year and a half now and will never come through with because he's a butt plug basically. So a screw him, okay. We'll stick with Chirri and Ron McLean and all the good guys on CBC. And John McLean, a John, or whatever your name is, Shannon, up yours. Probably kind of Tommy Shannon. Here's Boca, hello. Yes sir. Hey, what's up man? I don't know. Can't for only hockey network. Mm-hmm. Hey, I'm so surprised no one's called you yet on this. I know you're watching the game. Yeah. When Lemue got dragged on. When he got what? He was on a break away in the third period and he gets dragged out. Oh, smelly, yeah. And when he's following, he's fouling with one hand on this. And he still made a great shot and the B's are going to make a sensational save, yeah. He's been incredible. Yeah. But I don't know. I'm coming to on the stand, Sam, and sing. Yeah. You got to understand those guys, your homers. And you know. No wait a minute. There's nothing wrong with being a homer, but he was so unfair. And you know, and I've watched them for a long time or at least for a couple years. So you can't hold this well, this. But to come up with these comments about how we're going to fall hard and fast as if to say we really stick to join out and we're peeing in our pants and we're scared to death of them. I don't believe that for a second. Now the first two minutes of the game last night, it was very obvious to me that they came out with the idea of scoring real quick and getting the jump on us. And they just were like, had us bottled up the first two minutes and it was scary. But after that, the rest of the first period, we all played them and outchanced them by a way. We had all the good chances in the first period. Yeah. And I mean, if they went to capitalize on it, might have been a different outcome. Right. But like, how many games do you have to win in a playoff to be, so for somebody, start giving you some credit for it? Yeah, you're right. I mean, it's like the whole nation's against a fan that there's also. Yeah. Well, I don't think that that's true. I think some of the broadcasts do that, but I think there are a lot of people like the other dog. Yeah. A lot of other dog people out there. But listen to you all day, since the Panthers are on this rule and whatnot, you know, the colors calling in there. You know, they don't, a lot of them are uneducated and what they say about like the penguins and whatnot and the flyers and, you know, well, I'll give you an example. Everybody talking about what a dirty player Eric Lindrosis, I don't agree with that. Lindrosis capable of doing a lot of stick work. Lindrosis is a great player. And, you know, the guys in this town who are a jumping on the bandwagon about what an asshole he is, I don't agree with that at all. We would take him on our team in a heartbeat in a half a second. He's one of the, you know, top 10 players in a league. But you're right. There are a lot of assholes, especially in the media who know nothing about it. Now they're jumping on the bandwagon. So they're opening up a big mouth and they don't know what they're talking about. Everyone's everyone's hockey and collagen. I don't know how anybody can knock the penguins other than the fact that their defenses suspect, but other than that, how can you knock this team? Yeah, that's right. I mean, I'm obviously a penguin fan. So I mean, I'm respect and I'm trying to get frustrated by the, you know, the lack of, you know, a lot of people don't watch them all year and they really don't know any of these things. Well, you see, Mario come out of the toilet there. And he comes on the ice and they got the power play and he makes that pass to Yager. There is nobody else who makes that pass. I don't care how sticky he was. He still makes that incredible pass right across to the other side of the net. And there's Yager on the doorstep. And that's the key to their success and a power play is the incredible passing they do. They pass to puck around like, you know, only other teams can only dream of doing that. And then Mario, when you expect at the least, you know, he sick as a dog, and he makes the perfect pass right on the tape and it's in the net. And then, of course, he gets to winning gold and it insults injury. Right. There's nobody. I don't care what anybody tells you. There is nobody even close to Mario Lamue and at league. No, no. There is one of the demostic writing players that's ever come down to pike. Yep. So, well, now, I'll see you, uh, Friday at the mouthhouse. Okay. Later, buddy. See ya. Yeah, I mean, it's one thing, you know, to be partisan in the course of Ruten like crazy on every, every play, every second for the Panthers. I mean, I'm on the edge of my seat, but Jesus, at least be a little bit objective. I know that's something in most fans in most towns never heard of, but at least try it. You might have a better understanding of what the hell is going on. We have an open line in date, 751. We got one in Broward, five to four. We got two on the green lines. And I'm sick and tired of all the facts. There's not a phone calls about ESPN. Okay. They suck very Melrose sucks ESPN. They're covered sucks. I don't want to hear about it anymore. Okay. It sucked before. It's going to continue to suck. Go to a sports bar. That's why we spent all day yesterday. Go to a good sports bar where they got a satellite. They've got enough brains to put on the CBC. Where you see a good telecast to see Don Cherry there with a coaches corner get a few laughs in her too. And, uh, you know, enjoy the game. Instead of sitting around there, we'll be in a prisoner guard damage SPN. Here's Carl Springs on a purple line. Hello. Hi, 11th to Garth Smoking, Toppo, no vet and still injury, listen and redneck statement with you, prefer gay boy or G-boy. Ah, ha ha ha. We have an open line on the purple line. Pound IOD mobile one cell, AT&T wireless and we go on the green line. There's another real redneck for it. Ha ha ha. Okay. Pick a good one, pal. And to its low and get all the flavor. 12 after one, a WIO, D. Big nail, it's big and a multiple. You watch her every day. She's the American icon. And now, can't be lead-givered rocks, your world. Here I am. Here I am. Run you like a hurricane. Can't be lead. Here I am. Can't be lead-givered, you can't be fun. Where do I start? That's the same as us. Here we are now. And a say-na. You get Kathy Lee singing hits from their baller. Scorpius, Matata, E.C. D.C. Songs like they're going to have a slow ride. Feel like they're good love. And the sword. Yeah, yeah, do look like a lady. Yeah, yeah, do look like a lady. Kathy Lee rocks. But your collection wall until she's gone. Kathy Lee rocks. And she's the hero of Bill, who only had radio chat. Gladys, I am. She's something I can't say it on here. What she is, 1116 at WIO Day. We got an open line at Broward 5249463, 524WWWD. In case you missed it tomorrow's the big day. What does that mean? We haven't got any idea, but tomorrow is the big day. Major Earthshaking developments in a radio industry, including this radio station and others in this market tomorrow and the stay tune. What does that mean? I don't know. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. You know we lost or still a good game. It was okay. I was just happy to see that they were down in the beginning and they didn't fold and they kept fighting the captain. We made it interesting. Yeah, they made it interesting. They made a competitive and it's just, you know, in the last 10 minutes of the first period, in the first 10 minutes of the second period, when the immune was out, that was our opportunity. What all the mischievous chances in the game? I think the entire first period after the first two minutes, I mean, we just took a two on the whole first period. Definitely. It came out like, you know, a house on fire and then they kind of fizzle out. Yeah, you can't. You got to jump on top of those guys when you can't. When you have the opportunity. They're going to score. Those guys, it's with any team. Every game you'll ever see. If you see a team that is lots of good chances early and they don't capitalize, they usually lose the game. Yeah, but more so with them, they just have so much scoring power. If you're never too far away from them, they can always come back and get you. And it's just, I was just like I said, I was happy to see them, give it competitive and I just can't wait for these next two games at home. I think we play real well at home and hopefully we'll continue that. And I'm just excited about Friday. I can't wait. I think it's going to be great. And, you know, I just, a lot of these fans out here, they just can't get into it. You know, one loss and they get all depressed about it. And it's seven games. Oh, yeah, I can call the difference today when I came in today. From yesterday, I mean, yesterday, we would have thought we just want to guide the game Stanley cup. And I come in this morning and you know, start out here and it's like a little smattering of, they're all very unique today. Right. I mean, well, do you have to win every game to keep your assignment level going or what? No, 20 games left. But you got to understand when you deal with a lot of people who aren't real fans or just a bad-wagon juppers, you know, they're very easily deterred. And even even so if they, let's just say, got a bit, they got swept in the next couple games and they lost a series. They still have a lot of things. And nothing left to prove. We had not seen it. We had to the final four, man. We got to the semi finals. We got, you know, we had 92 points during the regular year. We had a great year. We finished ahead of almost everybody. And, you know, we're still in there. We're not playing the, uh, uh, flyers aren't playing. A lot of pretty damn good teams aren't playing anymore. We still are. Yep. And closing. Rich. You're a bell south working, Mike Lange, loving Pittsburgh, pain went to root. Do spank. Okay, see you. Two open lines on a green lines, 1-800-944-494-63. We got one on a purple line there. Mobile one, celli, t-t wireless. Pond IOD, let's do a Margates gone. Pond lines gone. Let's do Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Come on. Panthers are going to win four, you know, to be four three when it's over and done with. Anyway, you know, trying to get geared up for the game. You flick over and try to listen to defoe, a mad dog. Exactly. Have you ever had this pleasure of listening to him give his hockey commentary? Yeah, it's a joke. Oh, my God. So in desperation, I mean, I do this maybe once every, uh, lunar eclipse. Yeah. I flick over to fat man. Yeah. And he's got, that's a bigger joke. No, I didn't know. Oh, my God, he's got Chris Morin there, right? This is why I have to call you. And they're talking about the bad mouth and river and how he sucks up to the show. And I just couldn't take him. Anyway, I get home. I finally get home and David get on the phone call up. And, you know, I don't know who to hold their board up is or the producer is. What do you want to talk about? I just want to tell Chris Morin, you know, that he's not just he was ripping river, left and right. And you know, you want to get geared up for the game. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. That happened. That maybe Hank was doing it. Why would Chris Morby ripen river? They were both joking back and forth. And then I don't know who the heck it was. Did a Godfather impression. Yeah. And they were just. Let me ask you something. Well, I see a lot of you people pull the same stuff. You know, you want to give me a spy report. No, no, no, listen to me. Okay. And tell me about I don't really care. See, and I have tried to tell Rimmer why he gets concerned about people like that. On a year, why would anybody care what they say? I don't care what they say. I know. Hank is just a sour bitter old man. That's all he is. Who gives a crap about what he says. Well, Phil Henry's got more talent. He's a little finger than Hank lever. I was so flotty. And then everybody knows that. I know. To tame it, listening to Phil trying to run, tander with something. In addition to which with all the other stuff that's going on, is that the best that they have to talk about again is, remember that's what I'm saying. You know, I'm not going to sit through DFO and the mad dog trying to start her through. And I want to at least hear some. Well, you're not. You're not going to hear it. I know. You're the only place you're here at is right here. You're the man here. Okay, pal. Thank you. Yeah. I mean, I get so old and so stale and about the QAM. This one, Hank said this. And the Chris Moore said that nobody cares what they said. That's why they got the numbers that they've got. That's why they're like the bottom of any of the, the bottom of the barrel. They've been trying and trying and trying for how long have they been in that format. And they still can't crack a decent number over there. And they've been auditioning people on here for that morning show like somebody's going to get excited about that. And all Robbie need to mark and we get you a lead. Can we get you a day? Get out of here with that crap. Okay. When we put a show together over here, we talked to Don. Here we talk to the coach. We talked to General Manager. We talked to Bill Thorey. We find out what the story with Wayne is. We talk about what's going on. Who the hell gives a crap about sitting and repeating the obvious about how Chris Moore thinks it about how Hank is a fat pompous as, who the hell cares about that? Even if it happens to be true. But this market man is so goddamn neurotic with the same crap over and over and over and over again. And all these cry babies up. Oh, yes, P.N. Don't want to give us crap. Who cares about that? And all that is is a cover up for people who are bandwagon, jumpers, who don't know nothing about the game, who can't discuss what they just got through seeing for two and a half, three hours last night. But who can tell you that Barry Melrose is an asshole. We already know that. I knew that a long time ago. I knew that three years ago when he was coaching against the Leafs of the goddamn playoffs, I knew Barry Melrose was an asshole. 123 at WIOD. Okay, we got a moment. It's a case you just happened. What a great or finally waddled in here and he's got tickets for the hockey games. Okay, he's got all these great tickets here. They look really good. Here they are. They're even legitimate. Yeah, they're even for real. Okay, these aren't the bogus. These aren't counterfeit. And it says use the game, J ticket for the game on 24th this Friday and for Sunday, get K and in game six of the series if it's a necessary L, which it will be. So there you go. They look great. Thanks for what he's got. What he's name on about him because he wants to act like a big shot. Okay, we have an open line on a green line, 100, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3 and of course if Bob Green doesn't show up but you can probably, you know. Exactly, get some serious bucks for those. Okay, let's go to some debate, Paxton. Let's go to Davy. If I had a hammer on hammer at the board. Oh my god, if you play, hey, go over to game. I'm going to f**k it for a while. Here's Miami. Hello. I do. Okay. I saw the Kivorkin interview. Yeah. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. These freaking churches sending missionaries are worth. It's philosophical warfare. Yeah. They're not dropping bombs. They're just dropping diseases all over the world. They're turning the speedies. Not the race. Do you hear me out there? The speedies. It's business. Yeah, I prefer like that. They make red money, don't they? Anyway, I had my buddies over here screaming go, Panthers. I had the car in. You want to know it's in the box? It's a goldberg stomach. Okay. And hey, can I come for some Panther tickets? I didn't even know you're going to give them away with you. Just said, Panther tickets. We have an open line in day, 7509463, what on a blue line in Broward 5249463, what on a green line in Pobby? It looks like three of them to me. I mean, we should have a pretty captive audience out there. Today, just for more, see you on a goddamn weather channel right now. Which I wasn't paying too much attention. The goddamn world is coming to an end out there. How do you like that? And I'm sitting here and everybody acts like, it's just another normal goddamn day. Hey, guys, Pauline. So anyway, I have my Panther tickets like I said, okay? Not for you guys. I have my goddamn Florida Panther playoff tickets right here, and you're not getting them, okay? And this guy who just called only moments ago, I hope very seriously he's only joking. I hope. Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. I'm not a hockey game. I'm not a hockey game, but it was very exciting. And I hear you talking about how on Fox, I have this thing to help you watch the puck. Yeah. I've never watched hockey almost never watched it before my life, but there's no problem. There is no problem seeing the puck. Even rate trials can see it just as well as anybody else. There's no problem following the puck. If the camera work is good, which on CBC, it's great. The others, you know. But if the camera work is good, there's no problem following the puck. That's the number one thing, number two is when they were playing the tapes when you were on vacation. There were worse. Well, worse. Yeah. Why are we playing tapes from three and four years ago, by the way, you married one useful thing in it? Yeah. There were the tapes of the guy who had a new one. Because we were not a new one. Well, we got hit a cost of you at a service station. And it said, you were great doing topics. And you said, you know, quite rightly. No, it was not an old guy. OK. No, it was at a shell station over there on Oakland Park Boulevard. And he was like, was yesterday. And this guy says, oh, yeah, you used to be really good. I like Al Rantel. You ought to listen to him more often. And I just went ballistic. Well, that brings me to what I'm going to do. What an asshole. OK. He said, this guy said, well, you were great on merit. Stir-hime. You really exposed him. Now, merit. Stir-hime is trying to make a comeback. And I would love to know what the dope was on him. Oh, I don't care about merit. Stir-hime or Joe Carroy or any of these guys. It's not even worth talking about. This town is no politics in his town. It's just bull crap. Well, he's making a move. It ain't bad. I hope he makes a big move. I just like Mario. I hope he makes a big gigantic dent in the porcelain bus. OK? I'm not interested in any of that crap. It's a wasted time in his town. It's the same bunch of Yahoo Rednex and Julios that have been running this town for last 30 years. It's not going to change. Anyway, any place you could send me to find some information? Look over and it looked in the here-old, OK? How long ago? Steer-hime? Yeah. I haven't got any idea. All right. Thanks. Good luck to you, pal. Oh, Jesus, God and Mary. Oh, Jesus. That's like that guy that called a couple of days ago is high that old fart. Oh, yeah. When you used to do topics, talk about not being politically correct. Come on. Talk about the light bulb. You folks will be delighted. Like this last guy. He'll be ecstatic when the light bulb winds up on his frequency on this so they can hear it. And you can listen to Rick Siderman and Alice Rantel and Steve Kane, Mr. Eagle. You can listen to all that same crap hour after hour. And hear the voices of these old dying people taking their last breath. You can hear the red, the death rattle in the background. Like you can hear it. The day that I go back to that crap will be the day just before I go out there with a guy to him, tin cup and a sign on a street corner. You can bet your bottom dollar on it. No chance. No way Jose. Married queer hide. Forget about it. Okay. Give it a rest. All these local politicians here. It's not even worth. I wouldn't fart in their face. That's the amount of energy I would ask for these guys. It's a joke. That's why this town is still a goddamn horse and buggy town in the Stone Age. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I've got a couple questions. One on the hockey. I'm watching TV the other day. What is this thing where they always do a close-up of a player after the fate is taking place? And meanwhile, please going on. I hate that. Hey, thanks, Woody. I hate that. It drives me nuts. I want to see the game. Okay. And I'm going to tell you something that was really embarrassing last night. And John Shannon at the CBC. I hope somebody who knows you is listening right now because at the beginning of the second period or the beginning of the third period, we're down two to nothing. We score 30 seconds in. Right, Jovenowski takes the shot and shepherds at the Epsidine. They saw the picture, but the audio, they got Ron McClain taped an interview with Dave Roche of the penguins in between the second and third period. And they're showing that tape. And now, of course, is when a game starts, we still hear the audio of him talking to Dave Roche while the game is going on. Chris Cuthbert doesn't get any chance to call a goal. And this goes on for like 20 or 30 seconds after the goal has been scored. It drives me nuts the other day. Absolutely unacceptable. Okay. Joshua, there's plenty of time in between periods. There's plenty of time in between action. Don't do it while the game is going on. It's absolutely unacceptable. It's it's it's grotesque. And the other thing is when the player, mid-handles the puck and they refer to it as they usually stand or with or miss him on the puck, isn't that correct? Yeah. But did you know it Joseph Dackie called it? He said they stumbled the puck. Probably. Yeah. It's like when they fan on the football. Right. Right. That's what he knows. Joseph's crap man. In fact, he was right in there with Mario last night. I have a great day, pal. Yeah. Joe said, I can relate to the game now because I know my crap. And Mario said, hey, here's some more for you, Joe. Mr. Rye Brouss. That's what's really a joke is all these people who don't absolutely nothing about it in the local media, which is most of them. Now trying to be pozers now and pretending to know something about it. Oh, here's Joe out there in Pittsburgh. Yeah, yeah. And what? And what? Give us some meat. Give us some information. Give us something. Anything. Pretend you know something, pal, because you don't. The same guy that was on their ramping and raving. Don't put any hockey calls on here. It's boring. Nobody cares about it. Right. You smuck. You puts with ears and eyebrows. He's just a walk and puts with big eyebrows. That's all he is. Oh, you look lovely in that. You got a little trim there too from Mario. Oh, Miriam's making around here inside the building. She's, uh, she's doing everybody today. And here cuts too. It's the trim lady. So anyway, it's 135 at WIOD. Alright, ladies, gather real demands is ready. On the count of three, one, two, three. From the grassy courts at WIOD, we're going to the bars where we all play. We are angry dice, who the battle, who are our anti-gay. Sure, hear her, when we're outstack asses, we shall run out of rubber. We declare to all all tell you all this that we will get in our legs. Our houses are all humming. Our back-to-reads are full. We make our choices fairly as to who will push for. And we say to you, we come against some shirts with too much stars. Oh, people gather soon. They want us to come from the million clouds. Excuse me, soldier. Are you from Rotor, or just happy to say me? 141, a WIOD, is that a banana in your pants? Or are you happy to see me, Pat? So anyway, Georgia's sitting on Miriam's lap in there. And the chair is revolving around just like something on the talk radio. So it's, you know, and I got to sit here and watch this craft. This is unacceptable. Get JC in here. Okay, here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. I wonder if anybody else got in the fight with their girlfriend over the hockey game we got thrown out of the house. Really? Yeah, Melrose plays two hours special. Take Melrose plays in Todd and shove it in her hands. And I'm from Boston. I wanted to watch the hockey game. Yeah, I'll get all my life. Right? I'm going to be out by the end of the month now. We got a big fight last night. Why do you luck out, man? Yeah. You ought to kiss the ground. Yep. But I just want to say about Mariel. Yeah, play. He got taken down. He still got the shot off. Yeah, incredible. Unbelievable. Only he and Iager are strong enough to do that. All right, buddy. Okay, pal. Okay, didstab itch. Bye. Here's a lucky guy here with a some smelly bitch that the one in rocks at Melrose plays give me a break. Well, you get a life with that crap already. Same old-tired crap over and over again. Jesus. Here's a West Kendall. Hello? Yes, sir. Don't talk about that. Dr. Kavorky and interview on something. Yeah. You know, he requested Andy Runing. I know that. The only way he do that interview. But that's like miles. That's why I'm picking quirky over Murphy Brown. Yeah. Do something important. Uh, 20 years from now. This guy's going to be a hero. He ought to be easy here all now. He's not doing anything. New. Dr. Seven doing this privately. Right. And so. He's the only one that has the balls to come out and say. I mean, we're going to have this to government have a business tell you that if you want to die, you don't have the right to die. What kind of crap is that? All these religious assholes man that tell you they're going to decide when you can, you know, it's a bunch of bullcraft. You have a right to die. But the insurance companies have an IV hooked up your bank account when it goes below $200, a signal is sent to the hospital and then you're disposable. Right. Not until every bit of money and property and your family and whoever else is related to you that they can You can go by by, you know, see you later. When they can't suck you anymore, that's when you're dispensable. No. And then in the interview Andy really making a remarkable segue says, so Jack, what do you do for fun? And then he says, where to get that soup? It's got a nice shine on it. So we went from people dying mercifully and the fellow subject to what he does for fun and where do you get his sports check? I like it. So Mike Wallace is not. Hey listen, I love it. I don't know. Like I said, 20 years from now this man will be written up in books. He's the pioneer. He's the first one to come out and say, this is the, you mean way to do this. Amen. Doctors all over the place privately agree with him. Yeah. But they don't have the balls to come out and say it. You got it. Thanks Neil. Okay, pal. That's right. He's the only one. It stands up for, you know, it's so ridiculous. These assholes, you know, of course it's part of this whole fanatical religion. It's standing away just like you haven't ever had. We was talking about. They're going to tell you about the fetus. They're going to tell you about when you can grow. And they're going to tell you every goddamn thing you can do. And who you can have sex with and which part you can touch and which part you can't touch and which hand you should use and where to stick it and all this other crap. Mind you wrong. God damn business. That's the bottom line for all these fanatical nuts out there. Stop being a yent. Okay. Go feed some starving people and stop worrying about being an yentah. Here's a lady in Palm Beach, hello. Hello, how are you? I'm great. You know, I love this panther talk. Yeah. Great. I love it. Love in the game. I only wish we had some more intelligent discussion about it. But unfortunately, you know, most of the people who are Japanese or they don't know what they're talking about. Well, I just don't. We just don't have knowledgeable people here. I mean, it's great that at least at least we're getting enough enthusiasm. Now that some people might come to some more games and learn what it's all about. But most of the people are just basically periting the same thing that everybody else is saying about how ESPN is very biased and they're unfair to us and their coverage stands. You know, after you hear that the first 200 times, it's not very interesting anymore. Mr. Mr. I just wanted to mention real quick about coach of the year. Yeah. I don't think. Hey, if Doug McLean don't get coach of the year, I'm declaring war on Canada. I'll tell you that right now. I have a feeling he's not going to get it. Right. The guy from Colorado. No way. No, he's not even one of the three nominees. Are you sure? I'm positive. No, there's now your wrong Scotty Bowman Terry, Chris, and Doug McLean are the three finalists. Oh, good. Because I was starting to get worried there. No chance. Okay. Well, as long as you say it, then it must be true. By me, I know he's got no chance because they have three nominees in every category and Mark Crawford's not one of them. Okay. And when do they decide that anyway? They did after the playoffs, then they'll announce all the things. Okay. Great. Listen to you. Keep it up. And manage and know Roast the crap you're at. All right. We have an open line on the Green Line 1-800-944. It's 146 at WIOD. Use talking entertainment radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. This is your merry-cast for ease. I just can't wait until Robert Stone goes and says, Oh, when no one nation chooses, he's got a ride on that and he's just, he's done well then, but we're doing it. Got no watches, Robert Stone loses. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. I've got no interest in politics. But Robert Stone just kind of makes me say. The beginning of a review, the melody. You'd better listen to someone else to pick. Could see reminds me of tricky days. That's why I'm betting that's why, but don't lose. I'm no nation chooses. Oh, my God. A lot of people say he's ruthless. He's campaigned, rhetoric groups. He's gonna watch his robber don't lose. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. I know that Clinton isn't as home. And for that matter, so is Ross Perot. But I just cannot vote for Robert Stone. Everybody says he's too old. That's why I'm telling you, Robert Stone loses. When no nation chooses, he's done ever gonna do it. Don't play him in your works, stupid. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. Mostly sunny, high in the mid 70s in Rome today, just thought I would mention that since it's not one of our better days. 152 at Wild here's Western. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? I just wanted to say how nice it was to hear from Judy Hall's wife last night. Yesterday, I mean. That was because that's courage. I mean, usually I heard from any other wives call up or even players. Right. And she's so quiet when she leaves the bill. We always think that she just kind of stand opposite as one talking to anybody. But she got nice sense of humor. And I hope she comes by to say hello to us. We all wait your favorite person to blame on her girl. And everybody may be a serious DB. I'm blown up. I'll scare her away. Yeah. She don't want to. She don't want her follow when you're after the game. So she gets to close to Jodi. Well, I know that my wife, the rules after her have been. But I, but I, I do. Yeah, Jodi is a pretty good looking guy. I think they look. Don't touch. Just look. But don't touch. There you go. Well, he looks good with that. Go T. Yeah. What's your feeling since you, I, you probably seem brass to play a lot more. I'm going to spend three years now. Yeah. What, how do you think they should attack him? I don't know what he looked sloppy. I don't know what you mean. He was out of the net a lot. Well, he, he handles the puck more than record. And that's, in fact, on the pregame show in Pittsburgh on its sports show, they were talking about the fact that I think was Mike Lang mentioning the fact that Baraso handles the puck much better than any other goalie and league, including hexstall, at least that's my opinion. And, you know, I would agree with him that he handles it very well. He does tend to come out and then you'll notice he shoots it up along the boards. He's, every chance he gets. But at the same time, Baraso is very erratic. I mean, uh, reggae, whatever you can say about him. He might throw in a bad game, but he'll get hot and he'll go along or there's a streak of several games and be consistent. Whereas Baraso is unpredictable. He can play one great game and turn around the very next day and then stick to joint out. See, figure if they just keep pounding, pounding him, then. Well, we just have to keep shooting it at the net. I think we saw that in the first game. If he just keeps throwing it toward the net, good things are going to happen. The thing that disturb me about the team early in the season is they still didn't want to shoot the puck. We got guys like Niedermire and of course he played, I thought he played well last night. But, yeah, and Scrooedland also, Scrooedland had some real good chances last night. He insists on trying to pass instead of shoot it. And then when he does shoot it, he misses by 10 feet. You got to shoot it, you know, close to the net and good things are going to happen for. I like to win it off Zubov's skate and the one where Barons got it in the gold mouth and reggae it knocked it into his own net. You got to get it in that gold crees area or you're not going to score any goals. I still feel very good about this. I didn't do it. I don't want to score Barons. Barons is not unbeatable. In fact, his playoff record last doesn't game just so he's played has been horrendous. So he's beatable. We just got to be able to keep bang it away and get some lucky shots in there. It's a shame that you haven't got a chance to know the players there. This is an incredibly great bunch of people. I agree with you. The wise and everybody. Yeah. And even I know that you had. Let me ask you a question. How would I get to know the player? Well, you're like, you run out to the valley but they park right behind where the valley is. Yeah, but I'm not the way. I'm not the kind of guy. First of all, by the time I get home to plantation, it's another 40 minutes afterward. You know, I get up and I know when you come to work. I'm not a juxtap, if I'm not the kind of guy like the Blade Runner girl that's going to hang around for an hour after the game, just for the great honor of Buggins, some of those guys. Those guys play hard. They have a tough three hours out there. They got to go and you know, have a life. I'm not going to stand around here in Buggins after the game. I just say they're great. Even I know that you had some differences with just screwing it. I know it just play you're talking about. But not personally. Personally, I, you're from everybody. Tells me is a great guy. But I'm not, I'm not going to sit here and lie when I see guys that think that you're going out. I'm going to tell you that. And I think that screwed on this year was highly overrated. I think in a playoff for the most parties come on very, very strong. And if he was very serious, he was dynamite. He was sensational. Last night, I thought he was weak. I thought he lost a lot of faceoffs. I thought he got another stupid penalty early. And again, there was on called for and the offensive zone. And he just does a lot of things that aggravate me. I think his, his slowness is a, is a, is a very, a negative thing for us. Well, now they've gotten a good look at the raster hopefully. You notice, and you notice with Dvorak got a line up last night, we really missed his speed. He'll be back in for Friday and Boa said that line that Doug McCleain put together with Needemire Dvorak and Strocam and I don't think anybody in league keep up with those three kids. I do that. Exactly. Well, thanks a lot. Okay, Paul. Have a great day. We have an open line of day, 751 WD, we got one in broad. In fact, you know, the Panthers had a thing in pop at O park the first season. Meet the Panthers. And I got the honor of going out there and introducing all the players and the coaches to the crowd there. And they had a thing in the dining room or in the buffet room before the races started. And I went in there and it got a chance to meet Roger Nielsen, which was like talking to a brick wall. I mean, it's guy. What can I say to guys got no personalities, got nothing to say. He's got no personalities. Just like a dead man. And then I met the Beezer and I thought the Beezer was a great guy. And I still believe that. And then, of course, as the time goes on, you always get somebody, you know, remember the woman that called in the day and he didn't sign an autograph or something. There's always going to be somebody unhappy. Okay. And they're always going to be fans. We're going to bug people at the wrong time. But generally speaking, everything that I read is about all of these guys. They give their time. People bug them after practice. They take their time. They give autographs to their kids. They, you know, they shoes. They shake their hands. They've been very appreciative of the way the community is reacted to them. And I think that's generally, you know, speaks for all of them. So anybody wants to tell me that the Beezer isn't a good guy. I think you're full of crap. I think he's a great guy. I think that when he was thinking to join out there for a while, I was talking about that too. And he would be the first one to admit it to you. I just can't stand these guys who are nothing but chills who think that if you dare to criticize anybody on your home team, that you're a bad guy, what kind of sports fan is that? What kind of reporting is that? And yet there's something in mind, it's just like with the dolphins. You know, I've never seen a town where if you criticize anybody on a home team, I mean, if JB Brown sticks to join out and gets burned two, three times in a game, and you say something right away, you're a bad guy. I don't get that. I don't understand it except for the fact you're dealing with a lot of people, many of whom aren't knowledgeable at all. Okay. In other words, they're stupid. What a surprise, Phil. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're an aunt. Yeah, okay. Here's a candle. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. A question on the rule. Yeah. That almost go pitch-proof. All right. Pucks got to go all the way over the line. Completely over. Exactly. That's what I thought. And I noticed the nice job the bees are did too by the way, getting his glove on, before you could really see and pulling it back out of there. At a boy, John. He's stuck it out and pulled it out. He pulled it out. He ain't got out. I'm happy to tell you. I can't believe these people are destroyed. Went there. We lost three, two, and we played a little better than that. Right. We lost by one goal against the highest scoring team in league against the powerhouse. We were down to nothing. We came back nicely. We made it a real interest to game up to the last few seconds. What the hell do these people want besides the win every guy damn game? It means it's just played the heart out and we can't grasp them. I'm ecstatic. I'm ecstatic. Get us split up there. Come back here. We're pretty much healthy. I say, let's keep moving on. Have they told me to do it? It's necessary game six because they don't take it for us. Sure. Okay. I'm going to start telling you. Please. Well, maybe not. I don't know. I'm saying, sure. I think so. Maybe not. Thank you. Better call over there and find out. Okay. So like I said, sure. I don't know. Let's see. Let's see. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here.