UIOD playing tapes of new rotters because GARES didn't make it Hi, I'm Aaron Summers, and you know what you got me talking on the passion phone I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone I got you down The lines are jammed up, yeah, there isn't a doubt Call up and film me with all of the bad I got you down, yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone, I got you down I got you down I got you down I got you down I got you down Here on the show there's a new topic each night Who'd you have sex with with a blacker through the white? I got you down Yeah, yeah, holy cow I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone I got you down Here's Miami on one, hello Yes sir, and I'm calling about that other guy who I was talking about something you read in a paper And I'm surprised that you know nobody's called the Persian Persian birth abortion I do know what do you mean you're surprised I don't know about it Don't you think I've read the paper and watch the news? I saw the big thing on it I just meant that you never can't believe what you hear and all this stuff I mean you'd I thought you would have said yes sure I heard about it that's what it is Yeah, so what about it? I'm just on it's part of the liberal agenda to keep it quiet Part of the liberal agenda here we go another Russian liberal agenda Not at all for Russian liberal, what's the liberal agenda you want to tell me what that is? I'm just 50, 50, I'm just going to put me in your 50 50 half-man and half-woman What are you? Her half-redite? I think I'll go after yourself, okay? He ought to be able to do it he's 50 50 he said he's got one of these and one of those and one of them and one of these is half and half right Another one of these right to life go save somebody that's out there getting murdered right now Stop with a fetus crap already, will ya? My god, these people that get all hung up because they're the good brainwashed and brainwashed You see how this works? Everybody who's for the abortion was at one time themselves at the feet Yeah, I rest my case and by the way all those guys in Arizona they arrested this morning all those people that were going to blow up all those federal buildings Seems to me that those were part of the liberal agenda where they there were a bunch of skin head right wing lunatics, okay? Those are the people that you got to look out for those crazy right wingers the liberals everybody basically impotent and have it a good time Here's the Hollywood hello Yes sir I doubt it but I'll give it a shot. I'll make it up Anti-apporties call themselves pro-life Now those same quote pro-lifeers are typically anti-gun control right now But you're missing you're missing the point they only care about nebulous life that is doesn't exist yet They only care about the fetus. Why don't they once you're out of the world man you're on your own They don't care about the two kids or killed the pizza. Yes, they I do no, they don't care about the little girl I got shot by daddy's gun while he was dealing with it in the bathroom Now they'd rather sit there and pull up portion Right there you go Hey, because the Lord told unto there another bunch of sick religious fanatic nuts Well, they're everywhere brainwash man Did you say the order call? I travel all over the world. I got news for it. There's very there are no civilized countries I mean we got these stone age countries, but there are no civilized countries where the religion is to take it over and are as in much and control as what goes on is They are here. This is one of the most intolerant countries anywhere in the world I think religion is the damn pilgrims are rolling in their graves from what's going on here Look at how liberal labor Did a lot of themselves the letter to the editor from the you on father's letter about the plate case? No, basically that that's not so judge people that's the right thing under the law Oh, yeah, it's better but ultimately prime place will have to be judged in the court of God's father Oh, here we go. That's right. Let's wait for God to do it. So let's all let all the people out there the murderers and the manslaughter Guys let's let them all just out there to play football and make millions of dollars because God eventually will take care of that That's great. Yeah, so if we could only bring Hitler back to life we could let him wander around out there to and wait to meet his maker There you go. We're gonna go to Monticello and meet Marvin maker. Okay. Bye bye. Have a great life. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Hey, I was calling on on the topic of religion You have listening for figures and I called a call of several times because two years and graduated from a Catholic high school And I was reading this a spin article by a writer who would talk from freelance work for the times and just Been staff writer and it deals essentially with the solid bit priests and the blooms of you on it Fire or two I was what to say I had quite a few of follow-throughs at my school Although they never came on and actually assaulted you. I mean just from you know the list and the touch on the shoulders And these are actually teachers. Yes, but I wanted to the first time I ever listened to you with that uh with an high school I had actual normal teachers and uh and pretty Yeah, normal as a normal who are in priest who were you know into little boys if you were that You know fortune to the age of 18 and an Astronomical teachers and out the first time I listened to and just to get you a few quotes She actually she spoke she went to the Vatican spoke to a several leading scholars and a monoceneers about About fellow priests and priests and black up it and just to be the couple quotes They said 2% of Catholic priests went to perpetual fellowship to achieve it and anywhere from 30 to 60% our day Now very very conservative Yes, no, I say 60 to 90% Yeah, it's not like you know an exact science. This is based upon their opinion. Yeah I mean and she says more than a thousand resigned every year to get married and on the topic of Italy since it's like your adopted home One of them on seniors, but she is called several people in the acolymosis one of them when senior says that The Italian I have this has a fund to support priests illiterate them to children How do you like that? Yeah, yeah quite interesting quite interesting Fantastic. Goes to show your man at the church that the Catholic church they really got their head on straight They got their venian straight definitely got the head on Yeah, somebody said yeah And in closing I'd like to say James Ricardo your a douchebag. Okay, well, okay. Oscar K. You're me this In the 50s Robert young made people laugh and father knows best now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best Step into the confession or Billy I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this way Oh Billy I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private see for all the fun just enter the rectory from the rear All right, Billy boy each time for your flute lesson, but father your flute has only one home And it doesn't make it annoying. Oh, it will Billy it will Father knows best Once you've seen this news sit calm you'll wonder why you've never heard about it living in Fredo Shattas Saint Peter Father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please It's Father in Sunday here at the ballpark So please let's have a round of applause for the fathers of what their young boys to the game Father Dominic father O'Chul Father Sebastian father Matthias Lot of masturbation went off here's a lady in the cable. Hello hi Neil. Yes, man This is well I can't say my name because I don't want to football players coming in most of them. I don't know I don't meet me Okay, as you can care and yes, I go to you. I'm raw all all And I can agree with you because all I have to say is you can recruit the athlete from To inner city but you can't take the energy out the athlete that's pretty much it is that is that's it How come we can't get to math lead to have a brain, you know? It's too hard to balance. Oh, the muscle in the brain That's it one. Yeah, they're working on the wrong muscle Yeah, that's it. That's about I think Michael Irvin's problem was he was working too much on the wrong muscle. Oh, yeah, could be Yeah, okay good luck sweetheart. I thank you. Thanks. I but like I said the American public is numb They have been de-sensitized to anything no matter what it is. I mean a story is you see on the news If we saw these stories 15 20 years ago, we would have said boy, that's just unbelievable now It's just business is usual. You know guy kills the kid with the air They grandma 41 year old grandma. Strangles the kid puts her in a freezer Guys going in with his little piece in the bathroom. He's playing with his new play toy is gun and it goes off and but I think I didn't know the gun was loaded his 10 year old kid It's dead and on and on and on and on and on and just the never stop. That's America for you baby and the public says hey We can handle anything. We don't care. We're indifferent. We're actively apathetic It's not just a floor to think it's an American thing Welcome to the radio frequency weaponry W. I OD my Emmy for another day. News talking to the team that radio 610 W I O D It's big deal. It's big and abotable So there's cats on the ground and I'm singing to her and then I have to do cold Wilkinson who's about to sing Danny boy Now be quiet. I'm gonna sing Danny boy Oh Problem big big problem you got too much There's stopping going stopping going Okay, and how about this thing with the pizza hot shooting do you see that not only did the second worker die after a two day fight for life It says in a headline, but one of the murderers one of these scumbags that did the shooting was live in at their house Cause he had no news you didn't see that his good friend had lived with jep pressed him What does this guy's name Clyde Kane pressed the new shot him? He had lived with jacks that his mother when he had no other place to go So as a reward he comes back and he and his pal partner in crime They hold up the place they shoot and kill of this guy and the other guy you talk about scumb You talk about the trash of the earth man. This is just but hey nobody cares about him like I said what I should I Nobody gives a crap because human life in America like Stefan on a step on a roach after somebody else smoked it So I can you tell you just more scum out there all over the place and that you know I would say to Rick on the way out Which they ran out of here like I can't blame him but that thing about people's aromas and people body odor Now if this was any place but here but a perocule hick town like Miami every line in a board would we have a 40 hour conversation on it because it's true It's not something I made up. It's the truth but because most of you a big outing like if you live in South Miami a big outing is maybe up to you know The datebrower line or if you live in like coral geobles a big outing is a trip to the saw grass And that's it. That's the extent of like where most of these people are been and especially at this time of the year because most of the people that do get around and go somewhere Guess what there wherever to hell they go and more power to them and I wish I was there wherever to hell it is by the way to best smelling people are columbians Oh man what is that mean I have never smoked a whole I'll tell you one thing though You don't necessarily want to get too close Well man especially in Medellin but boy they sure smell good They got that smooth silky tan that with that olive complexion You know we get a facts here finally we got somebody out there her name is Nirvana alleged Libes probably dances up the street. It says the main reason people smell strange to each other is because it was nature's way to preserve the purity of the races It starts in the old factory part of the nose. It starts in the old factory working imagine what they smell like in the old factory white people smell like wet dogs to black people black people smell like death to white It's just the way it is baby is what she say that's the reason I would never date a black man says Nirvana the smell is overwhelming to me. She says And she also goes on to say I love my Colombian boyfriend. How do you like that? You are so right to say that they smell and taste as sweet as honey and I eat every morsel of his white silky heart flesh She says really feels exactly willy what kind of a yeah is that went willy feels exactly like I do about the smell of oh Is she saying grajo is that what you say? Yeah, she says hi willy. I love you and I'm hungry baby, and that's what she says and I'm thinking the same thing. Thanks for letting me release my true What's that around? Okay, Nirvana sweetheart the good stuff is starting to come in on the facts now baby. Here's one we got two up pieces of crap here's one It says no substantial worth to moron on the year from some asshole at Panasonic Facts systems by the way with no phone number under thing. They probably can't afford one Do you ever think before you speak? I enjoyed your panthers commentary which is when I was first introduced to you However since I found you to be a moronic but head you ridicule people before they speak are you afraid of a real challenge? Jerk off. You know my son watches this cartoon piggy in the brain Picking in the brain in one episode the brain is a comedian who's using salts obviously that your show is a comedy And that's yeah it ends like him. It sends because they couldn't afford enough paper or whatever Unsigned of course Unsigned at Panasonic Facts systems where but how they are Since the other one of those jackasses, thanks for going to city retalk hockey every day or talk a kaka Good get lost. We don't want your type. Okay. We don't watch your kind with those sense of humor And yes, the answer is I don't ever think before I speak. I don't get paid to think I get paid to city room be a jackass And do a great job of it. Okay, and by the way I just put a big big fat check it in my wallet. Okay. How you doing here's one from some mal-contented caroline mountain water in the Palm Beach County, no less Or we don't get calls of course most of the time from them But this idiots belly-yakin and again signed someone with something to say who couldn't get through But don't have the ball to put a name on here. Even if I made one up Sorry, I've been too busy to call for my perspective your ratings numbers were down for only one reason You've always believed the chronic colors were the kissada for a talk show and you're right However, there were days I couldn't listen well. Wasn't the chronic to the hockey talk? It was to give away beggars Day after day of tickets medallions hats rats shirts posters and on and on and on and on and on Hello, New York. Your show is great. Can I have panther tickets? Hey Neil. I'm a woman or listen. Give me the tickets. Oh, I ve it says here Oh, I think I'd rather listen to the dentist bill cards for four hours or the dentist bill card Yeah, we got that then the fake colors from that couple of months Please I beg you leave the giveaways to Rick and Suds and then it says Sign someone somebody. Yeah. Okay. It's couldn't get through my ass man You can get through on this station right about these days in a half a second We have an open line right now in date County. Look at that if you cared enough to send you very best You just don't have the balls to do it. That's all you got something important to say. Let's hear it I agree with you about those snores out there Nobody hates that worse than I do but hey when you got a budget huh except George because then he's got to write down all the names of numbers and Shoes eyes and breast and penis sizes and address all the envelopes and put a bunch of crap at it It's a time-consuming budget. I'm glad and 99% of the people never even have the decency to call back and say hey I got your crap in a mail. Thank you so much, but the 10% who do are very nice then the 10% who do we do appreciate But the other 90% To you two, okay. There's a good intellectual comment for you who wants substance. Okay. If you want substance turn on Mr. Eagle He'll give you another one of his diet tribes about how everybody who's liberal everybody knows that the left of a total of the hunt should be shot immediately Not sooner because Rick's retirement converted him into an immediate self-hating Nazi or whatever the story is over there Turn on that direct for about five minutes and then you'll come you'll come racing back here Like your life to pen it on it. That's how fast you'll be back I love these people who dislike whatever it is that we're doing But instead of just finding something else to listen to something to watch some other occupation some hobby Russian roulette far cheesy whatever it is yanking themselves Whatever it might be instead of doing that they got to give us a big song today It's take time out of their very very busy life to let us know how upset they are as if we we'd be care we don't care And right now the way things are in this joy. We especially don't care Daydelines all open it must be busy and daydboys set now firecrackers no stores and maybe they're just shooting gun That's another thing the red next love to do and fourth of July is they go out there and they shoot their guns They shoot them bullets up in the air and of course That well, what did I take about 75 shows on Rick and Suds about what happens to the bullet when you shoot it straight up And the ear and how long does it take to come down and you know what I'm saying here's a Hollywood hello Hey Neo yes sir Before it back to you how are you great did you have any idea the gym manage with a go-nab looking queer And you notice he says it real quick any hangs up like we don't know that already I mean what do you get so nervous about everybody knows that it's the best of the orodgers Well, right sports clubs the rumors are still rampant at WIOD as to who will do watch Yeah, we're really not at liberty to say but if you people are very perceptive you'll pick up a little clues now Here's our announcement tell you more Rick and Sons To the 6pm on news talking entertainment radio in 610 WIOD 610 WIOD it's the Neo Roger show on tape with all the stage removed Well, we were out on our first date after eating at a Mexican cafe Now we were driving in my car Let one goal that almost blew us both away I have heard you cut the cheese Let you turn around to look at these at the girl Girls don't party, get the money that girls don't What are I doing The order to be In my hands It's the way old the windows down the aisle get somewhere It's public something's died in there Girls don't party Girls don't party, get the money that girls don't party But I do I heard another deadly sport Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt I turned around to get her back With just a matter of time before another attack Girls don't have to keep us okay That you look at me That all you have to say was girls don't party Girls don't party, get the money that girls don't Girls don't party, get the money that girls don't But I do But I do But I do How far are you talking? So I don't know nobody named Kirby Brooks I'm supposed to know that hello Hi, New York Yeah I'm W Ryan I'm the baby I'm around my amy town From the bay when Brady Yo, wait I'm the Kirby Brooks I'm W Ryan I'm the baby I'm the single one What are you? Nobody in the hurry Nobody in the hurry I'm the air in 1958 Did you work with Yuri Wichner? I did Yuri Wichner was created in a studio So what's the story Kirby? What are you trying to do? I'm the only other boy On the radio today No, you're not a live and personality I think both were stretching it in your case Kirby The K-O-W What are you doing? What station are you allegedly on? The K-F-H-O-R-O-D-Greshet What station are you allegedly on? Is it? God, another one of those Detroit rejects Scratch-it-nade-and-a-half Myl-road, right? Haha Oh man, that was a good start Like I told you, George, we're a couple of real suckers I know that opens up a lot of avenues there That's our first call of the day That should give you real good idea what we have left in this town Okay, real desparados I don't never heard of no, I heard a dirtwood Kirby I've heard of Kirby Pucket I heard of Mel Brooks and Garth Brooks And Babbling Brooks, I think that's what we just had Babbling Brooks Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello Yes, hi, guys Is this the lady? It's the bear in Fort Lauderdale, I just have a little more time It's a what? It's the bear, the A-E-R, so you have to like me Check? Bear what? Bear, by right Bear anise, yeah Now we just have to bend over My only thing is, can we just get independent say God bless America, let's get over, please Is over? I am over Well don't drop the so-so here I just heard you, Dr. Boynton Said if somebody bent over, they get more hammered I was on the hole the hole For the last hour and a half Yeah, how's grandma Bundle and by the way? Grandma Bundle Yeah, I, you know what I don't have a clue, and I know exactly what you're talking about Yeah Yeah So what are you drinking this morning? What's that? Tell me, not even love it a cock in a morning What is it? Kevin Coffee Capuccino Kevin Coffee With what in it? I was coffee, with what in it Yeah I'll give the Irish Yeah, okay, what do you want? Screw the Irish, what do you want? Let's tell you around with the dude German Yeah, what do we want? Yeah, what did you call for? What was the purpose of your incoherent call? Question Yeah What are you talking about? Reva She's in a hospital And she's in a hospital again? Oh, in other words, you watch guiding light? She's in a hospital again Did you see the show yesterday? No I mean, I heard, I didn't see You heard what? My radio doesn't know I'm not talking about this, you're talking about guiding light Guiding light No, I'm an 8, oh my kids The only one I watched Somebody asked me about Reva For She's coming back for another concert And in the Sussanbo's Reva Reva She's a man in Tire, what do you think of a nose picker? Ha ha ha ha ha Is Reva gonna crap out again? I don't know why do we give a flying crap about Reva Macintire Why? Why do you probably want to those drugs that goes to the dark half Converse too Drunk the drug you Yeah, you're acting like you You advertise it Advertising what? We know she's gonna cancel We're not advertising anything We don't got a response for no No, it's picking constantly on the morning It's on the one? Pick them up and pick a master Yeah, I think you're gonna pick it up by the evening Please, Reva Okay Well, let's take a look Go have another drink Wait, yeah I haven't had one yet Come on, body's up Can I have one? Can I have one? What? Can you wait? Can I buy you one? No thanks Stand up and fool Yeah, okay Montibusco Okay, up your nose Not even 11 in the morning She's already smashed out of her freaking mind How do you like that? She wants to know if Reva's coming back Thank God she don't watch the guy The lighter right now it's going off the ear One thing we've discovered again today Especially is we got more dead heads out there Pro Square inch Here's okay, show me Hello Yeah, yeah Yeah, we're in there No, the show is there Yeah People out there We're very offended about what you say What Well, you know, I put down a lot of the people For four peers Yeah Why can't they handle the truth? Is that it? They're bunch of yahu's that can't deal with it? Well, they're, I mean, it didn't matter A lot of people up there from, you know, up in the south Up in the south This is all around in the south This is our stopping ground Yeah This is our territory This is where we have for ourselves Yeah Okay, well good Stay there He's from Aintree, hint from Mowerbury Set You've friends and I can't come from the UK Jumping in pleasant and in a white-friendly way I sense a humor to make someone a chuckle I saw a blue day cause women's needs a buckle You was caught by cop in Hollywood They said that he was up to no good Fins on that private cause of the big mob When you got a hooker and got a British job Get a hooker and get a British job In the back of the key went down on his feet I got broke it up, they saw her head far When you got a hooker and got a British job English don't have sex, they drink to my skin Unless you're part of the royal family What if you read it's not like that He's no regal snob, so he got a hooker He got a British job Get a hooker and get a British job In the back of the key went down on his feet I got broke it up, they saw her head far When you got a hooker and got a British job He got a British job Yes you got a British job You're a hooker, he's a hooker I'm just so I was in great with you It's the best of New Rogers At all, 16WIOD It's the best of New Rogers Edited for broadcast to Puritans and fools Oh, much Brian, no, Cran More women than ever are joining today's U.S. Army And they're doing it for all kinds of reasons This is for Coach Far, who kept me in the big game And who kept me in the showroom after all the other girls went home And they're all the kids' school of one of me Most likely a poor concrete My family who used to say there wasn't anything a man could do That I couldn't do better That's fair when a P, the most falls for myself Who's for all of the ideas living in a bear Some 50 other women just like me If you can't be a man being an expert thing Be a woman today's U.S. Army Let me ask you this question If you ever wondered why most dikes are so obvious Could be the haircut could it? You think that's the tip-off is the haircut The real, real, short, the extra short butcher cut Does anybody out there read this book By Vincent Briocia? I think it just came out in a book story just a few days ago And I'm like about halfway through it Outrage If you read one book in your lifetime If you have somebody else read it to you It probably will be necessary in most of your cases This should be the one You should be racing to your books there right now Because you know the power that I got Even though we can't get anybody to call They're out there make no mistake about that They're hanging on every turn in every word They're going to be out there cleaning the shelves of the book Stories from this book Because trust me when I tell you no matter how sick and tear You may have been in the O.J. business This has got all the stuff in it That the jury probably should have heard Although it shouldn't have been that jury And also by the way the change of venue Moving the trout to downtown Biggest mistake in history Number one And then number two marsh you're firing the consulting For them that they hired See both sides, hurricane saltons But she fired a consulting firm just before they picked the jury And they had done all this study and all the Played a famous black man they admired So guess what we wind up with mostly on the jury black women Nice going marshall All right, now of course we go through all of the stuff all the evidence that wasn't introduced Including the passport in the 8700 dollars in cash That caught out of alcohol in pockets And the disguise and the scheme asking all the other stuff Which wasn't just rumor it was all in there The only problem is nobody ever heard it because the prosecution And then so what is the prosecution get after they blow this thing And they let a murderer walk free They get all kinds of TV and book contracts And they wind up being big celebrities Hey congratulations on being total incompetence Chris Dart and Marsher Clark nice going Oh, there's American justice for your baby Vincent bulliosy you can pronounce it however you want for your better name well by the book Yeah, it's Bella Legosi by the way You and Rick were both wrong. What are you talking about? That was silly this thing this morning about what the conversation about how to pronounce his name His name is bulliosy like he says it Right exactly like familiar that's an Italian word You don't say familiar it was like to tell you which is really how you would pronounce you wouldn't say to taglia Although it a couple of times during the movie because there are a bunch of non-attalion guys trying to pretend to be Attacking because it's a movie. Okay, it's friction. I mean it is so clear cut And then of course for the handful of idiots out there that keep for either ethic And then it's stuff about firm and it's pretty interesting too Did you know he dated a Hispanic girl and then he had a black partner in the cop car for period of time That he got along with great and also a Hispanic female that was his partner for like by his request And to got along with him all great the only the only ethnic minorities he despised were scumbags What is surprised that is find in the cop that can't stand scumbags out there in the streets whether they're black or Hispanic or white or whatever They are crap heads, but I'm not saying that he's a saint, but he sure is what they picture that they painted for you out there But hey that again is because of the great job that they did there in a prosecution They were the best that money couldn't buy they stuck the joy out and Gilgarh said he throw his ass right in here too Because when he let him put the thing in that there the downtown LA where the jury pull was bound to be overwhelmingly released very high percentage of black That was the end of it. We were just basically done right there. Here's Fort Pierce gone here is out on six hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a lot to say about the old beef Yes, one thing first of all. Let me say this about this book that we've been expanding all morning. Yes, have you read it? No, I have no intention to read it. Why not? Because for that I'm concerned it's just a bunch of sensationalized stuff trash. How do you know that? Based on what I've heard this guy say I've heard him debate about the 20 on a rather one night which attorney was that? Tersewitz. They had a... Alan Dershowitz, yes. Yes. And I thought I said it just the one to suit the trash. How do you know that if you have a rather book? Well, when I think of a book, I think of something that takes a lot of deep thought from time and research. You just won't read a book overnight. Not only would I read, would not read his book. I would not read any other of anybody who was involved. Just fine. I called that his book. Have you read the book? Have you read the book? Heltor's skeleton, would you? He wrote about the his prosecuted Charles Manson? No, I have no intention. Why is that? Are you also a Charles Manson defender too? No, no. Probably not because he was white. Is now what it's all about? Well, let me say this to you. I'm by the fascinating that a black man from Fort Pierce makes the effort to call all the way down here because you want to attract you guy that would have both of you didn't read because it implies in a face of the fact. Okay, well, let me let me let me know other old black O.J. Apologies. Well, let me say this. Like most Jews are like most white people. You can't even think of a decent guilty. Well, like most Jews. How do you know if you've done a survey of the Jews? And like most black guy to think the man is in? How do you know that most Jews think he's guilty if you take in a survey? Also the one that I have to be speaking of, confronted his trial. Well, let me ask you something. Didn't you just quote to me Alan Dershowitz? Uh-huh. Is he Jewish? Yes. How about Robert Shapiro? Oh, you don't know what he thinks. You know, you never he waffles back and forth. You know, he defend the man. Oh, so another is he was he was he was he helped to get him off, but he's not the good you. Okay, in other words, Dershowitz is the good you. Well, guess what? There's a lot of people that think that Dershowitz also believes that he was guilty as hell. Okay. Well, let me move on to my point. So I guess maybe you're right. Most of us Jews think he was guilty. And most white people. Yeah. Let me move on to my point. Had I been a juror, there's no way page one of where this trial was presented. That'll be something that I could have found him. You know what I think? Yeah. Well, it's not interesting because that's what Vincent Voliosi says here that the for the prosecution wasn't competent. Yeah, but let me move on. But you don't want to hear that right. Let me move on. You don't want to be confused with the facts. That's the problem. Okay. You haven't read the book. You're not going to read the book. Because you don't want to be confused with the facts, which he lays out very eloquently and very clearly. That's your opinion. So it's not my opinion. It's in the book. I got the book right in my hand right now in the book too. And you have good reading to you. Yeah. Let me let me say it. But riddles to what? I think good reading to you. Oh, I see. I was saying first called the prosecution never convinced me yet of a motive. No, no, the fact that he threatened to kill her. That means we don't know how many times plus the fact that he beats the crap out of her over and over again. That's not a motive of course not. It is not a motive. No. And in fact, he would homeraly jealous and stalk her. That's not a motive of course not. It's not a motive. Right. People do that all the time and then that on that people beat the crap out of their wife at all the time. That's right. And never and that doesn't necessarily mean that they killed her. Yeah. Are you also an apologies for that? The fact that he was a wife beaters that was that okay, too? I based on what I know and whatever he only beat them. Maybe one. No wrong. And if he beat him. No, I'm not a pilot. And I don't want to. And what if he did only beat her one? Did you? I certainly do. You watch any of the trials. If you see the pictures that were black and blue. If you think that those pictures were staged, I think they were airbrushed. I watched very little of the trial. Yeah. So in other words, you didn't read the book. You didn't watch the trial. But you know he was black and therefore he didn't do it. Okay. Thank you so much. And you wonder why there's so much racism. They call it racism. I think it's just realism is what it is. If I had a dollar for every really ignorant, dumb black person in America, I wouldn't have to be sitting in your waste of my time talking to assholes like him every day. How about buying a book? How about getting smart? How about learning something instead of just acting based on gut reaction? Okay. Based on ethnic need and they start out with a bit about the Jews in the white. So there was nothing in there. Was there? Huh? The Jews most of the Jews and the whites. Most of you people in high-meatown, you think he was guilty. You know, all you people are gave all that money to the NAACP. Right. Well, the sticks think he did it too. Oh, the Spaniard like that. Those damn sticks they think he's guilty too. It's the best of Neorodgers. Simon, where is he? He's been here. He's been here since 2016. W-I-O-D. Playing tapes of Neorodgers because there's a hot-y game on satellite and the old busy. Oh, man. There's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Have you ever considered the fact that he's innocent and also that because of the... What does that mean? What kind of a question is that? Well, because he's supposed to be proven guilty. And you're supposed to be innocent until proven guilty. So let's say he was innocent and being a black man in America, you know that you're not going to get justice in this country. So, how do we... Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Black people never get justice. Why not never. I can't believe it. How about black people like our 10 million dollars to spend on their defense? Well, let me make my point. First of all, the reason he was in that Bronco, the guy was more than like he scared to death that he wasn't going to get justice. So he figured the best thing to do was to skip town and to try and deal with it from another country. Let me ask you this. If you were innocent, if you were innocent, why would you be scared to death? Well, you have to understand that being a black man in this country is just why it's every time you get pulled over. You're... Well, let me ask you this question. Is every black that's accused of a violent crime, innocent? Of course not. Don't know what kind of crap are you talking, man? I'm talking the same kind of crap where you said you're talking. If you would just listen for a second. All I'm saying to you is the explanation is very valid why he was in that van. It's very simple. How about the explanation of how his blood was at the crime scene, huh? How about an explanation of the crap? Mark Ferman, sit up. Come on. Mark Ferman, sit up. Mark Ferman, sit up. How did he do that? How did he do that? He did it very simply. Yeah, very simply. When he can't be the magic wand. No, when he got the blood. How did he get the blood inside O.J.'s house? Very simply. When they went into a house and jumped the fence, they had access to his home house. Yeah. That was very easy. So all he had to do, Ferman knew that in his mind, he knew O.J. was guilty. So what he figured was this, I'm going to make sure this guy gets nail for this. Yeah, he thought it to do. He was going to go ahead. There's a very interesting story in this book which I'm sure you won't read. I've got a black. I've read the book. I've got a black defendant that Ferman made sure given that he knew was not guilty. And he made sure that the evidence was introduced to get him off because he knew he hadn't committed the crime. So what was it that Mark Ferman only was selectively racist? He only didn't like O.J. is that what you tell me? What other black guys he helped them to get off when they weren't guilty? Whoever was available to help them nail that black guy. Yeah. What he was another black guy or whatever. What is that mean? What did you just say? What are those words that you just uttered me? What does that mean? Well, you can play this very simple but you're talking Kaka. You're talking double-blood. I'm a Ferman needed to help them when they black or not. Yes. Yes, he used another black guy. Tell them what? What do you get in that? Yeah, let me ask you the name of the books. What's the name of the book? I don't read the book. You just got your saying you read the book. I like you for the book. Yeah, you're full of crap. You're just another militant coolant is what you are man. I'm so sick and tired of guys like you. Let me say it again. There's black people who are thinking people. And then there's dumb coons. Okay. Just like in every other ethnic group. I'm sick and tired of walking his fine line. I'm telling them exactly the way I feel about it. I'm sick and tired of that element of the so-called black community who are nothing but I want you a bunch of professional walking ethnic. Okay. Get the chip off your shoulder and use your brain. Use your brain if you can find one. And he tells me he read the book. He wouldn't know how to read the book. He wouldn't know where to go to find it or the book. Man, am I sick of this crap? The coolizing of America. Maybe that's what we got on the pool. They're writing front of our face. Writing front of our eyes is this taken dumb dumb uneducated people and trying to have to bring ourselves down to that level. Okay. And you see it in sports. You see it in every aspect of American life. And I'm fed up right to my ears with it. Okay. I've had it. If I get my point across or what? And the thing that really gets me because the only time we ever get many black colors on here is once you start with something like this oj crap and you get the, you know, get all bent out of shape because it's an ethnic thing to them as opposed to like, you know, common sense as opposed to justice. And the thing that really makes it bizarre is when you read like pages 140, 2 through 145, it year about Jim Brown, a former football player who is very much involved in black causes. He would be the first one to tell you that oj has never been at any time in his life involved in black causes or helping the black community. And Johnny Cochring gets up there when his summation goes on about how, oh yeah, he even gave a bunch of money to the angel city links. $5,000 a year to the angel city links. The inner city black organization. And of course, Vincent Voliosia to turn like heads, he had to go crazy to try to find out what the angel city links was. Well, guess what? It's a sorority. That is daughter was involved in. It had nothing to do with helping people in the inner city. It had nothing to do with black causes. And when when Voliosia, Jim Brown, when he goto oj and asked him for help for any of these black causes, he said, I would, I never waste my time going to people and I know what the response is going to be. And yet somehow you think that he was this great hero, this great black activist, this great, the, uh, something I don't know what. He was an uncle Tom and yet, uh, because of the fact that his skin color was black right away, even with his $10 million, he could never get a fair shake. He got more than a fair shake. He got away with double murders, what he got away with plain and simple man. Oh, man. Yeah, there's this whole thing with blacks in America. And that is that when people become very successful, whether it's Albert Bell or Oj Simpson or Gary Schaffield or Robert is making millions and millions of dollars, there's still this attitude problem. Like, what the hell, more do you want? Somebody gave you an opportunity. Somebody gave you a chance with very limited just based on athletics, heels and very little between years to become a very wealthy person. Now, what the hell more do you want? What's with the attitude? What's with this incest? All black people just can't make it. They can't get a fair shake. How about facts? How about Jews? How about the, uh, spicks? How about everybody else? Is everybody else crying all the time that they can't get a fair shake? I think people are sick and tired of all abilityic and an a crying and want to start seeing people apply themselves with a brain like read a book, get smart, get some intelligence and then go out and that's why all this affirmative action crap is going down the toilet exactly. If you want to compete for a job, bring something like qualification to it. Don't tell me how you've been oppressed all this time and how you've been put upon because I'm sick and tired of hearing about that crap. Give me somebody that's got some talent that I might give them a job. Maybe if they look good. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing? When is this? You know, you just nail it and it's incredible. I guess you have the power to do it on your radio show and nobody else has the balls and the sound to come out and nail it like it is. Nobody has the guts to say because they're afraid they're going to sound like a big it. I'm not. I just like decent people. There's something wrong. I like decent people. People that are scum bags they can kiss my ass. I agree with you. You know, it's just if you come out and you say what's honestly the true that maybe that the black community has some problems. They got to be real real serious problem. Or it's still up to my sights and you know, all these. I hope you have met Mark Duper. I just go out and I'm we're talking about people that have been given an opportunity to make millions of dollars. An opportunity that most black and white and yellow and any other people never have in their lifetime. And these people have had things handed to them and they've still blown it. Well, the thing that surprised me, crazy is, you know, you look at Danny Rowling's Ted Bundy. We're not out there saying those guys were innocent. Right. And I'm not screaming at John Wayne Gacy was framed because he was a flag. Okay. Right. I've said this for I for years. I don't understand this. Well, just because our how about David Berkowitz. So my sitting here is a Jew. Yellowman screaming that he was discriminated against because he was a Jew. What kind of cock I thinking is this? Well, I say it was a white Jew judge. You let Brian Blades off. So I just hope you black college remember that. Yeah, that's it. So he never had a fair chance. That's a good point. How come all of a sudden he's out there jumping high and running fast? Well, even, you know, what about just amazing to me. If you come out of it, even if you listen to the media, and you'll listen to the radio radio shows, if it's a white guy that gets beat up by a black guy, it's buried. If for some reason a white who cop goes after some black guys, it's from page news. Oh, we could go we had this. Oh, we could go we had this. Oh, we could go we had this. We could go we had this road test series. Now I'm not saying it blacks are the only one to commit violent crimes. The way this growth series of crimes that were committed over the past weekend. And 99% of we're all committed by black people. And putting the guy to shot his daughter. He was playing with his piece in the bathroom and they gun went off. And then he tried to say that his 10 year old girl shot herself. And then he admitted that he was the one that did it. And the two kids that got murdered at Pizza Hut, including the one kids. The family took him in when he had no place to go. They took him in off the streets. What about the black guy who walked into the trailer over there. Broward and shot all the white guys. And it was a racist thing. But it got buried in the paper. You're only so one article on that old event. And that trailer where there's guys got blown away. Yeah. By a black guy to wipe it. Well, I think you're being a racist now. You know, some if he's going to say that because you know, if you say the truth, until you take the one. I suppose to say the truth. This is America. You're supposed to sugarcoat everything so you don't offend anybody. That's what America is all about. Until they take the covers off their eyes and realize we all bleed red. We're all the same. You've had enough time to sort of come up to society and read. Meet us there. I think you nailed it right after the trial. You said they don't want to sit in the back of us or front. They just want us to down their own side. There you go. Yeah. Have a great day, pal. And with as soon as that guy from Fort Pierce started with, yeah, all you Jews and whites think he's guilty. All you Jews. There we go. I wonder where he heard that crap, huh? Couldn't be from Jesse Jackson and Louis Ferrican. And we had a million idiots out there following a guy. That's like the guy that gives me that crap about that that Tony there from Kendall about how I'm a big it. I can't think of any religion more big than the Muslims man. Look at the way that they treat women for example. There's a great job. Let's keep them in the Stone Age in the Stone Age. One of the most the end of the whole religions of all, but because I don't think he ought to be sitting on his ass during the national anthem. When he's getting paid millions of dollars a year to shove a basketball in a hoop. Then I'm a big it I'm a bad guy. I think America has had it with this crap. I think that the majority of people are sick and tired of everybody. Running around with the ethic chip under God damn shoulder and I say that for myself and screw you guys. I get my point across or what? Oh, it's the best of New Rogers. Simian Plot. 610 WIOD for the best of New Rogers on tape, which is better than Larry King when he was alive. I killed Nicole. Wait till he now, he this is right from the book page 135 from the Vincent Voliosy book, which the people of course who got their minds closed would never read because it might rattle their cage and live. They don't want anything introduced to their brain if they can find one that might challenge the preconceived notions that they got. It said, what has to rank is one of the most startling utterances to come from the prosecutors in the Simpson case. Was William Hodgman the senior member of the prosecution team telling the Los Angeles Times after the verdict that he and his co prosecutors had information about how Mark Furman as an detective was a very professional detective. That in the number of instances he worked to clear suspects who happened to be African American when new evidence exonerating them came out. But Bill, if you had evidence like this, don't you think it would have been a good idea to share it with the jury, Voliosy asks. He says, I was able to confirm one of these instances. On October 6, 1994 in West Los Angeles, Sean Stewart, a white male was shot to death on the street in a drug deal gun sower. Witnesses identified Eric Harris, a 30 year old black male with a criminal history as the killer and firm in the lead detective on the case secured a criminal complaint against Harris for murder. Before the preliminary hearing, Furman got information that somebody else was the killer after going out and investigating further he formed the opinion that Harris was innocent. His partner, Ron Phillips told me that Furman worked extremely hard on the case to establish that Harris was not involved. I remember Mark telling me Ron, we've got to prove this guy didn't do it before the prelimory is going to sit in jail for a murder he didn't commit. He even got the D.A. to request a continuous of the prelim, so we could have more time to work on the case. Furman proved Harris's innocence. This is the black guy. He proved his innocence and the district attorney's office had the case dismissed before the preliminary hearing. Phillips said he furnished the prosecutors in a Simpson case with all of the information but guess what they didn't introduce it. With the revelations about Furman on the firm and tapes being perceived by everyone is devastated the prosecution's case. It's almost criminal that the prosecution never introduced evidence like this to the jury. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Oh, Neil? Yes. Listen, the statements you made before about a firm with a vacuum was right on the money. Yeah. I agree with you on that. But I don't agree on the O.J. trial. You know what I agree with what? Well, a lot of things. You know, I happened to have been the free that time. I was watching the whole trial. I'm white and I'm 60 years old. So maybe I'm one of the rarest people in the world. And the guy was right. A lot of my Jewish friends, male friends, two believe that he was guilty. Yeah. So what does that mean? It means a lot. Two of his attorneys were Jewish. You know the only, you know the only reason he made the comment about Jews? Well, I mean, he's a attorney to being paid. You know, let me say it again. The only reason that the caller you're the friend stop breathing so heavy to the phone please. The only reason that he made that comment is because he's an anti-Semi. And yet he's crazy. He's crying about bigotry. Mr. Highwatch trial. I watched the trial 90% at a time. Yeah. You know, and I came to a lot of conclusions on my own. Did you watch when the criminalists from Connecticut, the Chinese guy, talked about the blood. Yeah. And about terminal velocity. Mm-hmm. What about? Well, that wasn't dramatic. What about it? First of all, there's tons of blood at the murder scene. And there's only microscopic drops of blood around the other places. Yeah. Well, because most of the blood around the murder scene is from the victims. Do I have to spell that out for you? Yeah. But the blood found in O.J. is driveway. Was drops of blood identical to the test drops he made in court. Terminal velocity. If a drop of blood was dropped from four inches or six inches from the ground, it would make a small drop. Let me ask you this question. Oh, so in other words, you're going to give me this story about conspiracy again. How he was framed? How well? Where was the blood? Even the guys who checked the truck the next day. They said, we're just a blood. Let me ask you. Let me ask you. What is heavy? Have you read this book? I'm very well read. I'm not interested in how articulate, how brilliant, how suitable and luxury you are. Have you read this book in which Mr. Boyosy goes down. Point five point. Everyone of the witnesses and which he goes down and addresses each of these issues. Have you read the book? That's my opinion to me. I'm asking you a question, sir, that requires I don't give a flying crap right now. You're already told us you're a opinion. I'm asking you a question. Have you read the book? I read some snippets of this book, but I didn't read this book. I don't read everybody's book. I mean, Boyosy is out to make money like everybody else. Yeah. I mean, what's up? Is your hero in like Johnny Cotton, right? So the reference to Guy made before about Boyosy and Ferman, who was trying to get this black person off because he felt he was innocent. Yeah. So what's the big deal? You haven't had an velocity show. So the big deal is that if he was such a racist, if he was the Hitler, which is what Johnny Cotton called him in an awesome summation. If he was that much of a racist, that much of a white supremacist. Why would he do that? He's not a racist to that to that, to that nth degree. How do you know that? What are you saying? What is he telling? He's like everybody else who has that little racism in them. Don't why would he go? Why would he go to such great likes to set up Boyosy? I want to see Boyosy. Let me ask you again. If he wasn't a racist, why would he set up Boyosy? Did he lose a bit on a football game? He was the man as a racist, but he, he can't stand black, rich black men with white women. I know that. Yeah. From what I read. He also, he was one of the cops who was. Let me ask you this question. OJ claimed that he was a cut-and-cum soft and Chicago, right? Who knows about that cut? He just got through and told me that you watched almost the entire trial and I asked you One question and you can't and you give me who knows about it. Isn't that what he said? He cut himself and you got what they did. They did. They did. Verified that the glass was broken. And let me ask you this. Let me ask you this. If that's the case, how come any statement to the police, which he made without the President of his attorney, in the statement which is, by the way, in its entirety in the Back of the book, his statement to the police, which was never introduced in evidence, he says he caught himself, patterning around the house, rushing around to pack to go to Chicago the night before. Now, which is the truth and which is the lie, sir? There is some, there is some hole. There I agree. Yeah. You know, some hole. There are some holes. There are a lot of holes. Like the big one in the middle of your forehead. Don't confuse me. He's very well read. He's very well educated, but he hasn't read it, so don't confuse him with the fact because it's going to fly in the face of the conclusions and the conclusions that he's already come to. Okay. guilty as hell. Two brutal unacceptable acts. Two vicious murders of two people in the prime of their lives, whether you like them or you dislike them. And of course, one of them was Jewish, so what's the big deal, right? Man, you talk about ignorance out there and I rest my case, which police he doesn't agree with me. This business of the jury system of people taking a bunch of dummies off the street and letting them make life in this, that decisions over innocent, many times innocent people. And unacceptable. How do you like to have a jury composed of the last dozen people we've talked to under the guy from Boston, the guy from Fort Pierce, this jackfall right now, who's got some holes in his head and the holes in a story like this, a piece of Swiss cheese, but don't confuse him with a fact. You know, God, you told you a good company. W-I-O-D, Miami Fort Lutter-D, who's talking entertainment radio, 610-W-I-O-D. Good afternoon, I'd want to clock on Jennifer Ram with 610, W-I-O-D-New. I'm Jennifer Ram, news talk in entertainment radio 610-W-I-O-D. Good. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good. Your attention, please. We can't be responsible for what you're about to hear. Because we haven't heard it yet either. Neals on vacation. So here's the best of new Rogers on news, talk in entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D. Yeah, so they're George. We're both eating okay, so no father-in-law. We're not. We're not. We're not. Yeah, well, blow it out to your ass, too, okay. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. 8-0. I want. I watched most of the trial. I too think he didn't have enough evidence to affect them. The other thing is, isn't it? They didn't have enough evidence or they didn't reduce enough evidence. I think they produced a lot. Some of it. No, they did not. No, they did not. Let me say it again. No, they did not, which while reading this book in the first place. The book space on the pre-winter day, that the prosecution ran a crime. A crime? A rotten case. That's right. You can't blame that on a jury. Who's blaming the jury? Well, you do, you said a bunch of idiots, ten minutes ago. I got to do a saying that most Americans are idiots. I'm saying who would you entrust? Why don't you want to trust the judge like a phone? How do you want this system to work? I wanted to run like they do an England where they have professional jurors, not a bunch of jackasses off the street. Like a phone? Like a mobile? I said professional jurors, not some jackasses. Where are we? Let's come up with those. What do you mean where we go? How about if we educate some people? Okay, we sure got enough lawyers running around? Yeah, too many. Well, there you go. Let me ask you, let me ask something else. What about when they, you know, you're civil rights. That would be when they jumped over. What do you mean I'm a civil rights guy? What does that mean? You believe it. For people in this country. Yeah, so when they jumped over a fence without a search warrant. Where are you on that one? What do you mean where am I on that one? They hit their head and he hit him. He righted you up over to fence. They can just enter somebody's house and search it. If they thought that perhaps his life was in jeopardy, which is what they said they damn right they had to write the jiblin. Somebody's life was in jeopardy. My goodness. You're really disappointing. Well, did you watch the, you just got through Tommy, you watched the trial? Yes. I know you know that. They just killed his wife. But they killed him. Somebody just killed his wife. Somebody killed his wife. They said nobody's home. Yeah. Jump over and they do a complete search without a warrant. And they're supposed his body is late. Then they're supposed his lot body is lying there in the backyard. Then he's bleeding to death. They caught the police officers lying about about what they told the judge in order to jump the fence. Yeah. What about that? What about it? Well, so another way, let's let him off on a fly. Let him off on a take the county. Let's start worried about civil rights. How about how about the civil rights of the two people that cut put your dog. How about there's a right? Just a technicality of the jury's jury said they were he was innocent. And you're second guessing now and then thinking about it. I'm second guessing that the jury that we had one of the jurist that up and give the black horse to Lou Too, J. When they ran out of the verdict. Well, so what do you want to judge? Oh, I said, what do you want? What do you want? I want a bunch of people to sit down and put in the black woman. You didn't want to trial? Sure I did. How could you watch with your little show going? We were watching another way. They didn't recap at every night. They didn't show hours in hours. Recap didn't show. So another way is to know anything. I would have said here. I had to watch the whole trial before we lay down in a prison. We didn't do it by reading all those books. No. Had to watch the whole trial. Well, you had to watch the part that you bet. Yeah, how much? Two thirds. One of the evidence. How did you have that?