music Moles and hockey night in Canada on CBC brought to you by Moles and experts next to all by board of Canada where quality is job one it's working by imperial oil and social proud to be one of the leading sponsors of you hockey in Canada and by the country. I can see. Got a habit. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh and grumpy. But try to understand. And I have a problem. But I can use my hand. I only have one hand. I only have one hand. I like to take my pen and stick it inside. Despite high content, grip it's something. I can hide. I can hide. So please. About for me. I cranky bitter old man. And if you, you'll make fun of me. I'll slap you like a man. Oh. But only with my good hand. I only have one hand. I only have one hand. So when we got these essential oils in here and here all I can say now is. 12.07 and W. It's going to be great. Because you go through this whole, what are we going through? Exactly. Okay. We have two open lines on the green lines. For the guy that called me for about the hockey news. You don't have to wait for. Here's the toll free number. And you order right now with your subscription. You get a free one. Cap? A starter cap. Whatever that means. A starter cap. I have no idea what to do with it. So now you get some crap for free. Oh, a starter crap is what they probably said. So anyway, the toll free number is 1 800 268 and the 779 3. 1 800 26877 93. That's the number for the hockey news. If you really want to become a fan, if you want to find out about the other 25 teams in league. Plus what the panthers are doing. Plus what's the and fishlor things. Plus what my good friend Mike Brophy thinks at the, who's the senior editor and whatever else. This is right, Brophy. Senior writer with the hockey news. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. Then you got to read the hockey news. So he want to become a real knowledgeable fan instead of just talking about Ron McLean or Danny Denny. We have an open line in date 751 Wiod 2 on the green lines. Like I said, Palm Beach, which is totally, they're gone. They're history. They're audio. We never got no rumor reports about FT. Also, they must be keeping that real tight lift. Huh? And what I really love about Melissa's column here, except the 95% that's about a big radio and Howard, which is a real surprise is where she says WFT, and she's the producer Nick Lawrence is remaining mom on the topics, but tune in at noon Friday for some answers. Is if he knows, but the rest of the people over there don't. Isn't that a joke? Isn't that ridiculous? If you know Nick and you stop it, you think about that. It's enough to make you pee your pants. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how are you? I'm doing good. Great. I am just like everybody else calling. I'm not at 90 different, but I want to tell you. I mean, start listening to you last summer. And kind of like it and kept listening a little bit. And it up going out to Las Vegas and pay attention to some of the stuff you're talking about. Yeah. The grill and whatnot. And start to see, or I should check out this hockey stuff. I grew up in Michigan. How can you grow up in Michigan and not be a hockey fan? I just can't you know, I never cared for the red wings. Red wings, you got Michigan and Michigan State. You got great college hockey there. Well, I'm a graduate of Michigan State. Never went to a game. Oh, my God. Can you believe that? Holy Toledo. And that's about the only sport that we play well up there is hockey. Oh, you got there. We stinkin' everything else. Well, once it'll work, great while we'll talk. Hockey and drinking at the two sports we excel at at MSU. That's true. Once a great while, there will be you of Ahmed football. Just a piss him off. Yeah, you never know what I'm saying. Doesn't mean we're having a good season. When you're least expected, we come up in the stick it to him. That's exactly true. But same thing with football, I mean, with hockey too. I mean, I knew some of the hockey players. Never did him get nowhere to game. I always wanted to. I knew there was a lot of follow-in there. But anyway, I guess it was about February. I said, well, I better check it out and head on down to one of these games. And I really had a good time. And it's all, you know, because of you. And I just kept going down there, you know, getting those panther packs and sitting in the lower bowls for ten bucks. Yeah. And it was awesome. I stayed up and watched the game the other night. My girlfriend started getting into the game as well. I think she's as big a fan as I am. My body was short. She's going to be happy forever. Great for me forever. And, you know, it's bad. And, you know, just some of the other stuff that you bring out from time to time on here that, you know, I'm a sales hole on the road as well. And the gray head that get in the left lane. You know. Oh, man. I live, you know, here and not too far from Hollandville. We all know how painful that can be. Yep. I'm out of material and I just want to say thank you very much. Okay, pal. Well, one of the questions. Yes, sir. When were you in your own two in the Mason area for a while? Mason? Yeah. Marshall. Marshall and Albion. What year? Uh, 65 and six. Oh, my God. Well, I was the Marco Polo of all, um, a surges Michigan. You know, where surges his down by the Indiana border. Yeah, right across country against surges. There you go. Yeah, I would grow from Jackson. I had all the low spots. And of course Jackson, harness, raceway man. Now you're talking. There you go. He's always did well there. The horses that could stand up those are the ones to bet on. Okay, pal. Have a great life. See ya. Okay, speaking of standing up, here's our standup guy. We hate you, man. Did you? Oh, yes, we do. You jacked out. Your footfall point of view is really screwed. Your heart is shower with a rummew. Sister, man. Which we hate you. Yeah. You have that work in the sand. They really start. They throw crap on the ice. Those stupid smart. I am just ugly. Could I hit a goal? You screwed it out. You wagging your purse really, son. You love you, Horton. Oh, yes, we do. Oh, hey. But even though you're tattered, you'll do. It will keep some big holes now. Where do you? But you smell kind of funky. Who? Love you, women. They'll get alive. The season's over now. So take a ride. You put it up a sleeve. That's nice. Yes. Hey, whoever take a ride. What's that? Oh. I'll 13 in WOD. Just when you expect the least, you get the best. Tell you like that. We have an open line. We got one in Broward. Whatever you want, we got it. We'll even give some crap away. We don't have any. How about some tickets for games that we're going to be playing this week at the arena? Yeah, we're going to be playing the Los Angeles, uh, uh, Kings, minor league team. Yeah, LA. Once upon a time, they had an NHL team. Now they have only minor league hockey out there. Just ask Kelly Rudy. Full card, cymbal kit. Just ask a very Melrose. That's really weird, but the smell. It's really cool. It's a real, like, a Roddy's turn on. No, no, no. What kind of a smell are you looking for? First feet, some come out of some high heel ponds or what? Yeah, high heel ponds. Pleader shoes. As you phone, say DM till midnight on you. We're talking entertainment radio. 16 WOD. This is your ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Coming next year, the King of Potts. For your hometown, touring to benefit the cargo classy school. For wavered boys. It's Michael. Jack. The majority isn't picky. I've got a very epic science. Michael Jackson. Ben-a-pitch. Because I found all any time. Any time you don't matter if he's back all right. My school. Okay. Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson Five. They're in the ABC's. I'm getting down on my knees. Remove the number of babies. ABC's out of me. Baby, you and me. That's right. From the time this tunes of the Jackson Five to the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefits your aims to please. The people around my soul with Audrey and Neil. Some call me big brother, some are better. I know what you do to fire. I just sit for a while and beat it beat it beat it beat it. I beat it beat it. Michael Jackson. Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around. So can't wait and for a call from my call. You call again. When I'm home alone, sitting naked by the phone. I beat it beat it beat it. And beat one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's pressing room. Michael Jackson's benefits. Hey, yeah, I'm Michael. Yes, Bobby. Is that your real skin color? It's inside with counts. But I know it came that we can play to find out as unciptured flight. You know it's time to free willy. Say, say, say, what you want, but you know who I give a picture of me. Don't know how to read, but then don't boys give me a picture. And here are the rousing finale. As Michael sings the song he wrote for the show, another world. With the Vienna Boys choir, backing him up. I don't like girls. Oh, I like real children. They are the ones who turn me on in the air. I hope they win. It's such awesome making. I like school of their lives, but it's true. They make the greatest lane when they just fly. Here are the great Michael Jackson classics. Like Billy's jeans. Do you know how to tell time? And of course, smooth criminal. Just with Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the cargo classie's school for a wayward boys. Get your tickets now. Boys and her tenet bit in free when a copy by no one. They're white. They're really really tight. They're black. They're white. They're really really tight. Oh, yeah. They're like, it's the only way to be happy Thursday too. Everybody's walking around here with a big smile on our post. Now what was that that the, uh, these guys that we're just in here. Eight off and here. Eight off and here. What was it that they just said about the event system we have an air vent to let a fresh air vent and it's blocked off in the building. For a Rudolph has to be proud of this place. So they just kind of checked that out for us and even Tim downstairs and engineering can't quite finger that out. It's to why the fresh air duct that's supposed to let some fresh in here so we can breathe. That's kind of blocked off. Maybe they don't want the aroma from channel 7. That's lofting over. Did they find where they dropped the tablets? Probably inside the general manager's. But anyway, here's the Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't. Okay. Listen, I got a question about the future hockey. I recently started role-blading and combination of that and listening to your show. I started getting interested in hockey too. And I wanted to know, like, do you know if any of the panthers like are into role-blading or role-highkey and, uh, do you see in the future? I bet you they are. I don't, I really don't know, but I bet you they would be. I know, look, Robotie of the Rangers has got a role-highkey team. Uh-huh. One of those, you know, make believe me. I mean, minor league teams. I got everything. role-blading hockey is like being pushed to become a Olympic sport. Yeah. It might, it might be. So that could, that's he kids all over the country, all over North America out there on their role or blades doing it playing hockey. It's good for the future. I hockey for sure. I agree. The other thing is all connected. I got a concern. Uh, like, uh, I saw you on the, uh, the Channel 4 News last week. Yeah. And, uh, like, uh, I know, I mean, obviously you're getting a lot of, uh, uh, no variety about you. How much you push the hockey team and stuff. And, uh, I was just hoping it like you're not going to like, when you get real famous and, uh, get on TV and stuff. You're not going to like sort of clean up your act and like, like, Larry King or any point that. Yeah. That's why I held up the Colorado sucks T-shirt when I was on the Channel 4. I missed it. I'm cleaning up my eye. Why do you had to look fast because they believed it after about, two seconds about one second they had it on there. Do you promise you not going to get like Larry King? Don't worry about that. Okay, Neil. Lomi $50. See you. We have an open line in dates. If I say, loan me some money. I guarantee you'll be a lot more than $50. Okay. Larry King can take that $50. Stick it inside his rectum. But hey, 12.22 a WL. Listen, it's sitting there. I'm just going to use it and the thing too. Did I say 12.22 a WL day I started to and then I got caught on my head. I don't think it's going to be this big. But I don't think I'm going to. They said it couldn't be done. Oh, you're really good. With a late, great gentleman in the television event of the day. The story of the fab four. The details and thoughts. He's ringing two feet on saw and you saw it all on one television number. A, beetles, sea, all the ratings were so good. We're going to do it again. They said it shouldn't be done. Very wrong. Maurice, reunited with a late, great Andy and yet another television event of the day. A story of the brothers here. The BG's anthology. Only on A, BG's. See, featuring no new songs. Or which we can all be very thankful. Watch for the BG's anthology coming soon on A, BG's C. And stay tuned for future television events of the day. On A, Bobby Sherman C. A, box car really C and A, but whole surface C. And how's it going, A? See? 1227, a Wiod on a really amazing Thursday. Boy, the air in here. It's starting to clear out a little bit. You can see those big gigantic critters falling right off the ceiling and off the wall. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to ask you a couple of hockey questions. Why are we doing hockey trivia now? Is this some kind of an exam? Some kind of a test? No, some kind of a, what? I was a red wing fan. I'm from Detroit. Yeah. The old Olympia. Yep. When did I have no idea? The rocket reshared and Gordie Howle. When did, what year did the rocket hit the Howle? What's your asking me? I was a child then. I was a child then. How the hell do I know that? Why would anybody care about that? Well, I made a bet with a guy. I live. I haven't got any idea. I live in Custer. You're talking about the year that the rocket reshared got suspended for the playoffs? Yeah. I thought it was 46. No. 46. 1955. How do you like that? I know that. The reason I know it is that we're talking about that. Ron McClain was talking about on CBC. Oh. 1955. I guarantee a man you lost. I come up your twice a year. Yeah. I leave the airport. My rented car. I know I'm in Miami when I hear your voice. Well, thank God for that. Stay. Keep doing what you're doing. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks. Say how to Dick Burton. Thank you very much. Okay. He says, who say how to early hardwell. Some day he'll be long gone, but not yet. Ernie, you know something. Ernie Hardwell still sounds the same. He does the Tiger TV games on fast and boy, you got to really feel for Ernie. You know, they tried to be terror a couple of years ago. And I bet you know, he wishes he would have stayed retired. Tigers are going to lose like 110 games this year. They're going to break the all-time record. They're pathetic. And the bees are of course being from Detroit admitted to the other day. He's a dieted and a little tigers fan. Sorry about it, John. Sorry about that. They blow the tigers. But anyway, I was starting to say before I interrupted myself. Ernie Hardwell is just as good today and sounds exactly the same as he did 40 years ago. There's a guy seeing the great sportscasters for the most part are like not the ex-jocks. But are the guys who are like the old timers. Harry Carrey, give me Fred Cusik if he could still breathe. You know what I'm talking about? These are the guys. The guys with personality. The guys with flare. The guys who can paint a verbal picture for you. As opposed to guys that just sit there and mumble a lot. Then start screaming in the only for a couple of seconds. Or then or the guys who just want to be like somebody else. Here's Coconut Creek. Hello. How are you doing? Yes sir. I just wanted to call on that from my rating red. She sure. I wear it with pride. Great. I can't wait for this to use an open next year. Really the only one I think that commented on those. Oh, I love it. Beautiful. I get comments. I walked out of the day. I got a, I gave it to me at Thursday. They melted me. I got a Friday. I was out with it Friday night. And everybody made a comment. Oh, bet. It was a great shirt. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. I got a line on a purple line. Pound I would be mobile one. Cell AT and T wireless. They said, oh, there's that flag on this guy's T shirt. Uh huh. That's what they said. It's raining. What? Here's a lady in crawl springs. Hello. Hello. The lady in crawl springs is gone. Wouldn't you just like to bitch lie per one time? How could she be gone, huh? What find out about this? I don't put up with this kind of number. We don't care about the number. We want this bit with this lady back on her phone. The woman who've been really other than Esther, we haven't had her like, like one or two women all day today. And I saw a hell of a lot of women free loading at that party last night. A lot of them. What happened to this broad, huh? That she's playing fast and loose. Maybe she's on the other line. Hello. Hello. Yes, I'm here. Did you lose us? Yeah, for a second, I got scared. What do you mean by that? Well, I've been holding for about a half hour. Well, I came on here and I said, hello. And there was nobody there, except a dull thud. Well, I can't help but somebody called on the other phone. And you know, it's hard to get rid of people. They say, I'm on the phone. Yeah. I want to say it was on Neil's show because they'd never let me go. Was it Ed McMan? No. Well, in that case, who the hell cares? Well, if he came knocking on the door, you'd excuse me. Then you're excuse me if I get half right. Really? Just a few times. Just a few times. Just a few times. Just a few times. Just a few times. Just a few times. That's right. Right. First of all, we missed you there last night. That would tell us the way it really is. You know, they're talking about these loyal fans. Yeah, uh huh? They should have been 100% people out there last night if they were loyal fans. Well, you know, you got a good point. I didn't go down there because I thought, you know, there might be 50 or 100,000 people going over there. But, you know, I mean, it was a great turnout, but even so you got a good point, yeah. Okay. And the press has been behind them since day one. Oh, no, who said that? Who said that? Oh, I don't know who it was, but somebody said, you know, these wonderful sportscasters and the wonderful sports writers of the F. Oh, cram. Cram. The only one that was halfway loyal, I think is day pod. Yeah, that's right. That's where it began and that's where it ended. I would agree with that. Okay. I have a complaint. I have a complaint about something at the arena. Here we go. Okay. I happened to be partially handicapped. Normally when I go into the arena with a ticket, I do not go to the handicapped entrance. I just have to go with there is they can get me to an elevator and I don't know stairs to walk. Yeah. Last night was a different story. I did not have a ticket as did anyone else. They had a floor line up nice and neatly near the door. Allow the people in with the wheel chairs and put them downstairs right on the floor. Yeah, they've ordered downstairs right. They rolled those people down the door. Okay. Then they opened up the door and told us to go up a elevator. Yeah. Send us up to the second floor by the time the elevator stopped. Yes, what? They opened the door to everybody else. So now you have people who are on crutches or are using came or whatever. Having 15,000 people running at them for seats. Oh. Yeah. You understand me. Yeah. At least give us five minutes time to get in the hall. Yeah, give us a three second. I had started and then let it, they can use you for target practice. I mean, I mean, there were people, it happens. I'm not old. But there were some older people there. And they stood near the wall, letting everybody go. I'd have to have these people got in. And, you know, they're just as low. Oh. Yeah. I mean, there were people that had the thing that really got me. It was a man outside giving away rats. I mean, gave them away. Yeah. My son came home when I think seven rats last night. Including the plus one that we have tried on the, Lugatrak on the top of my car. Yeah. I didn't want my pants as legs to get wet. So we tried on rats and stay. I hope nobody had found invested a lot of money in rats. So I'll tell you that. It's, you know, the market is the market's looking pretty grim on rats right now. Then we come inside and they're selling them for three bucks. Yeah. And don't tell me people were buying them. You got it, friends. They were buying them for what? I don't know. Maybe they thought they get the opportunity to throw them. I don't know. Did they? Did they have any rats run? They had no rats throwing. Hmm. They did have your friend, Rima there. I would wish I would have had a tape recorder because I had problems sleeping at night. He would have helped. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Wow. Is he getting a roasting here today? I must have been a pretty, I didn't see most of what he had to say because the TV and that he was always, all went to commercial as soon as he came on. As soon as they saw his post they cut the commercial. Well, the thing that really bothered me is that, you know, they didn't give you the honor that you should have. You know, you should have gotten a little, you know, give you a little mouth. Yeah, right. But they didn't give you that. But the thing is, your friend Rima gets up there and he could have said, you know, I wish Neil was here. It's all thanks to Neil. He didn't have to say, I wish Neil was here. I could have said, Neil can't be with, you know, something can't be with us tonight. But we want to, especially recognize a guy that's really supported us right from day one. And done more than promote hockey here than anybody. And that's my good friend Neil Rogers on W.Y.O.D. And a place would have rocked and gone nuts. And they don't have that they don't have the hoods but to do it. That's the problem. But I don't know what they're afraid of. That's what they think you would do to them way. You want to know what they're afraid of? Well, you want me to tell you? Yeah. Like in two words, I can answer your question. Yeah. Do you want to know what it is? Yeah. I'm like, yeah. There's your answer. I understand. Okay. I'll take an idea. Do you have any idea how much the least expensive season tickets are? The least expensive? Yeah. But I would, I would hate to give you a number. I just be making it up. I haven't got any idea. I got to cool down there and see how much I can get tickets for. Because I, the upper bowl tickets, I don't even know what they're saying. Why would I go upper bowl? I want to go like, write it at the top of the lower bowl. Like you're going to be able to pick and choose? I can't work stairs. Oh. But you got to talk to Jeff Moss about that. Call him up and explain it to him. Okay. He'll find out for you. Thank you, Mark. And maybe he'll even pay half, but I doubt it. Oh, that would be wonderful. Okay. And maybe he'll give my ex to pay half. That would be even better. That's even better. Have a great life. Thank you, Jason. Well, hey, let's go pants. Okay. Bye, bye. Open line in Broward 5249463. We got one in the green line. 1-800-944. It's 1237 at WIOD. The sports riders on the radio, T-Fo, Ruman and Hyde, and the mix, Dave and Buster. Talk sports, play games. Thursday nights from 6 to 8 p.m. The sports riders on the radio, Live from Dave and Buster's On News, Talk and Entertainment Radio. 610-W-I-O-D. Your marriage takes us order two after each game. There's something fresh, making it important, doesn't it? How much for a case? How much for a case? Good again and for a nickel could again and for a quarter. It costs more money than I'll miss. How much for a hug? How much for a hug? Good again and for a nickel could again and for a quarter. Okay. Got more money than I've got. How much for a quick feel? How much for a quick feel? No. Good again and for a nickel could again and for a quarter. And would I get a good deal? Okay. Can I touch your I need? Can I touch your I need? Could I touch it for a nickel? Could I touch it for a quarter? You wouldn't have to remind me. I'm wired. Uh-huh. I've got no money to spend. Whoa. Hold. You be my friend. Uh-huh. A dime. Could take a spar. If you'll please get in my car. And I'll say to you. How much for a hug? How much for a hug? Could I get a for a nickel could again and for a quarter? Can I afford a hug? A hug? We're not talking about women. 1242 a Wild. Let's go to Haya. Leah? Hello. Uncle Neil? Yes sir. Hi there. Are you done? Okay. A couple of things. I just called and they reserved a lovely season ticket for Anthras. Oh. Great. Yes sir. They required like a deposit like a 250. And my size. Do they want your shoe size? Yeah. Okay. Now the thing is the only thief they got left. Did the guy. And I talked to you. Like his upper me. My question to you was. I want your opinion as to if either got a corner. Seat. Okay. By the goal we're going to be scoring at or mid ice. Which way you think would be a better seat? How far up in mid ice? Well I asked for center ice. And he said okay. I can put you in the third row. Center ice in the Mezzanine. Oh fantastic. Really? Better than like a corner. Oh sure. Okay. That's it. So in closing other than thanking you for being the god of hockey that you are. And appreciate you turning me on to it. No end. I can't thank you enough. It's the most exciting game and experience I've had. This is the end of this year in hockey. I'll go along with that. Especially this down. Yeah. So you know. I don't know. Anyway. So I hope you have a great day. And thanks a lot. And back to you. Okay. Enjoy. Open line of day. 7.519-463-751-WD. I think one of the highlights of the entire year. Here we are in the first home game of the Stanley Cup finals against the Colorado Evelynch, which we're sitting there pinching ourselves. The real fans wonder we can this really be going on. I'm distracted. He's just in there. One of the next. Look a lot. He's got it to the corner. He's got five shepherds. And it's cleared back down the ice. Colorado changing. The penalty killers. Strike ahead of me. A fast move to pick it up. He did. Got it in over the line. So we're at the back. Scott. Scott. Scott. Scott. Oh. Who's comes baby? CBC Bob Cole. It won't come any better than Bob Cole. I'll tell you that right now. And there we are all over North America. All over the universe. And the rats come pouring out. And of course it was at that point. I realized the rat thing was getting out of control anyway. And on. At that point we realized there was something in the wood pile. Or rat in the wood pile. A black rat in the wood pile. And then of course. And that. See. And now you're throwing a negative in here. I wasn't going to do that. And then of course we had a few assholes in there. And if you just have like a you know how many go to the airport. You're going to a lot of public buildings. You have to walk through those middle screening detectors. If we could have an asshole detector at the arena. We could keep the assholes out. Here's Western on the purple line. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing today? Okay. Not too nice out here on the spot. That's pouring rain. Again. Again. Again. Again. Getting a little old. You know it. Get on a little on the old side. You know it's just one to talk about River last night. He doesn't have a pair. That's not have a pair. Let's really let him have it today for credit. I love it. Let's really let him have it. I never even thought about it. But here's the guy that had one chance of a lifetime to get up there. He gave me a little bit of credit. And he just didn't couldn't do it. He just couldn't bring himself to do it. Nope. Has no pair whatsoever. Yeah. And the other thing. You're talking about. He's a guy. Not a person. The way is. Huh? It was the best last night. He was a little comerci. He said they didn't show it. They showed our child seven. Which one? The one where lost that rose the red. Valets are blue. Philadelphia sucks. Yeah. You know, but I mean during the season though, they didn't show it. Oh, no. But they showed it last night. Oh, he was dynamite. And of course, why didn't they show it? Because they got no balls. Exactly. It's a great spot. You know, you have a good one to take care. And back to your pal. Yeah, that was dynamite. Nice going. Paul. I love that spot. Yeah, you know, I hold up that t-shirt and they have it on for a half a second. What is wrong with the word sucks, okay? Channel four. I hold up the Colorado sucks t-shirt during one of those free things that I did for them. Which I was still waiting for the thank you, by the way. Did we ever get George? Did we ever get a note from them or anything or a card saying, thanks very much for doing that. From her channel four. No. As in W. F. O. R. Is it what's it for? Never got a card, huh? And I hold it up for half a second. I'm sorry, I'm a station where you deduct your Steve Greenberg and Brian Burr, an orcross both working air-fraid of the word sucks. Tell us wrong with those guys anyway. We have an open line today. It's 751 W. O. D. It's 1247. I think I just said that, but hey, it kills a lot of good time. He's talking entertainment radio. He was talking entertainment radio. 16 W. I. O. D. Hey, Brian, are you happy? I hate W. O. D. Again. I'm so much dick. I'll burn him happy. Remember the 70s? Disco. Leisure suits. The party's family. But you know the best part about the 70s was the hair. That's right. People had great hair. And black people had the best hair of all. Afros. Right. That's right. Like Clio Williams the third on the mod squad. Sherman Helmsley on the Jefferson. And pretty much anyone on Sanford and so on. Yeah, Lamont. He had great hair. Well, nowadays 70s are back in style, including those great-looking Afros. Like Samuel Al Jackson's in pop fiction? Now, you can have hair just like his. Thanks to a revolutionary new product from the makers of Roca. Introducing all new fro game. But I'm white. That's okay. fro game is specially formulated to get any. Want a great-looking Afro. Even white guys like me. Even white guys like you. Dying on white. fro game. For bald, mid-late, white guys who wish they were young, hip and black. 1252 a W. O. D. I guess that leaves me way out. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Winners deez. Yeah, I mean, um, um, there was someone I wanted to talk to you about. Yesterday I went to the panties party. And, um, I hadn't been able to go to any game three or four. And I was really pissed off. I mean, I had gone the day before and I had slept at Tick and Mash and everything. And they do like some kind of lottery. Yeah, sucks. Yeah, terribly. And then, um, when I was there, you know, I decided to buy some souvenirs, you know. Even though I know they're going to make it again next year. But I went to buy some souvenirs and asked a guy to buy me some sticks with the panties. And he had me some hockey sticks that say go-call or auto. Nice. I mean, the guy was trying to rip me off. I guess they ran out of panties tickets and they tried to, they tried to cheat me and they tried to cheat me. Yeah. I'd love them having. Yeah, another thing, uh, Wayne H. Zingy yesterday was talking about loyalty to the panties. I mean, just a couple weeks ago, we were talking about selling the team. There you go. I mean, come on. Goes to show you. Yeah. Well, all right. So, that's all the way next year. Okay, me, go. All right. I'll read the dirt. Tell that Patrick frog by the way, we're going to stick that stick. We have an open line in date, 7519463, 751, WOD. Again, thanks to our friends from Aroma Therapy Associates who came in here and spritz the bunch of stuff around. So, did they eventually go down and put into the vents, too? Oh, yeah. Oh, they did. Also, everybody in the building can thank us. Me and George, okay? Because we're the ones that, uh, first of all, bit loudly enough. And second of all, got these people to come in here from Malistan. And invited them to come in free of charge, of course. And, uh, clean out this building again. Which it's only been what about three or four years. It's very calm was in here and we had to take 4,000 tons of mountainous crap out of here that we were sitting here inhaling. But see, it's just not cost effective, especially after the sale of the station for us to worry about the health of the people of the building. So, I don't bother us with that and just dump me up already. Will ya? Because it, uh, is bad. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Any other questions? Okay. Listen, I hate to, uh, I hate to give any echo. These children, what's happened? But they did a pillow of a child last night. Yes, they did. Uh, even Sanchez was parenting us up, and you said the past. We're just going to sit back and let the fans enjoy the telecast. And I'll flip it back between four or six. Well, four was an abortion. They kept interrupting. They had to get you doing your exhibit interviews. And the good stuff that you wanted to see, uh, the interview got to see. Yeah, I mean, all we saw was the newscasters sitting up in the booth and they were telling us what was going on. Oh, right. They're showing some of that. They were telling you, but they wouldn't let you watch it. And, of course, seven also did that really nice touch when the player introductions were doing. Were they showed you the number in the name and were there from in their shoe size? Yeah, and it'll hold you. That was great. Listen, uh, I wanted to let you know something. I don't know if you're aware of it today is one year exactly in the first day that you came in on a Monday. And said you over books a million. You found this little book that you've heard about 20 years ago. Today's the, uh, hackkins anniversary. Oh, boy. Boy. Couldn't come at a worse time because boy, the last three weeks I've been back sliding big time. I've gained back 10 pounds. Well, you know, uh, you know something. So you're going to go, I weighed 30 pounds more than then I do now. I took a lot more medication. Then I took diabetes medication, which I haven't taken in a year now. So I'm way ahead of the game. Well, same here. I've dropped off 40 in the left, left, left, left, left, left, left, a couple months. I've come with it. Go off a little easier. Yeah. You know what's nice is that anytime I want, I can just look at a label. I say, hey, this I can have today and I haven't gained any back. I've just kind of reached a plateau and, uh, given myself a break. I go back on it, whatever I want. I probably saved 100,000 lives in his town. Last year, thanks to Dr. Mackins and I'm still waiting for a medal for that, too, you know. Well, listen, uh, you come here and... Okay, here's mine. Keep it up. Okay, Mike. Thanks. That's right. You see, like I said, if you're going to do things, then sit around a wait for recognition. Forget it. Cause it's not going to happen. It's only the butt suckers that get recognized. I know. But when it comes down to, you know, doing stuff because you believe in it, and you want to do something that you're excited about and it works and it is great and what I mean. Then you spread the word, maybe, and everybody gets into it. They get involved in it. This is really great. And I'm going to say it again. You won't read one word from Dave Hyde or Michael Mayo or Little Rachel Alexander, aka Tim Mahorton Jr. Or any of these other people that Neil Rogers has been leading the parade for three years now. And he's the one that originally got everybody worked up and really got this thing rolling. Before it became fashionable because the team got hotter and hell and started really going way far all the way to the finals and a playoffs. You won't read about that. I guarantee if my good friend, the late Bill Cosford at the Herald was still alive, which he's not. I guarantee there already would have been a gigantic article in the Sunday Herald in which he would have paid great tribute to yours truly. Cause there was a guy, okay. There was a guy who didn't care about the upper level last holes at the Herald, who had the balls to write the good stuff. Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, I am. Yes, sir. I guess now the love of fear between the fans, I hockey team and I sang them when that starts to taper off. I'm going to be the salary base for this. Why is this much going to be way? What's going to be the salary base? What is that mean? That's up here. What is that mean? Well, I'm reading an article with Peter Forrestberg who made 400,000 less gear as asking for $6 million. Yes. And. And he's got about $4. What are you wearing? Do we have Peter Forrestberg on our team? No. So what is that guy doing? What's the one? I sang there in the rest of the guy's going to warrant. What is the one? What is this guy saying? What do you mean? What's he saying? That's the wrong guy. Oh, how about schooling? Beezer. Beezer's already got a new to your contract. He's already making his million whatever it is. He's about $0.8. How about six mil? No, he ain't making no six mil. Well, forrestberg is in words. Of course, Brigadier, how do you know that? How about why? Of course, Brigadier might be one of the best five six players in a whole league. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Well, I want you to get lost. We have an open line today. Boba the voice like that. And I hit him on that long. I must really begin to sick from this stuff in here. Now, actually this stuff is going to be great. But it's really potent this stuff in here and here. Oh, don't do that. Don't inhale real real deep because it goes up into your signices and it clears your brain out. Watch out. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. This is Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's hard to recover. How's your like that last guy? He did. He was dead. He's good. Yeah. He wasn't too good. I hope he looks with Patrick Frog. Why not? Maybe they'll make Frog children. Okay. Where am I today? Oh, Admiral Stockdale. Oh, I'm talking to you. This must be the guy that they keep talking to us today and said how much how great Phil was and he just got back from semester at school and filled you the greatest and can you play that card you play who am I all the time? Yeah, and I've got all been out of shape and I noticed that the cards missing two by the way. Yes, sir. I just got some smoke and little dude. Okay. Okay. Let's see. I'm in the working with a lawyer this morning. Yeah. H-Westley Johnson. Phone numbers five two. No, I don't want no numbers on you. Sorry, that's right. I forgot. Okay. Well, I could tell George later. About what? About my working with West Beach Johnson. He's a traffic jockey. Yeah. That's nice. We have an open line in Brower. Five two four nine four six three five two four. W-I-D. And this guy's ripping into the last guy, huh? This guy must be his kiss and cousin. This must be his a girlfriend this one. Oh, my God. So just tell your lawyer to forget about the case or just to drop it all over you. You probably got a lot of experience doing that yourself from the sons of it. And the soap too. So anyway, we only got one hour to go. We're just really getting started here today. I'd like to see some of these women come out of the closet. They're so enchanted and so enamored. And we're standing there for hours and hours last night to go in there and get a sniff and a whiff. I sure haven't heard from too many of those except our good close personal friend. Esther. You're window into the soul of stupidity. W-I-D. W-I-D. W-I-D. You're talking in her team with radio. Six ten W-I-O-D. The water's a two hour. We are the night. What's there up fight? On the fourth of July. Because now his cousins get up all in the head. What happened? We don't know. Something fishy smells. But he won't tell. So well as Brian. What did you do? Brian. What did you do? He's not so long. He was standing on his folks' lawn. And he was Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. It's hard to run. And it stands. But he didn't. Wasn't as good as that. With two shots flyin'. I don't know why. Your agent crew. Claims the cops report some truth. I want to know some more. So tell me what's the score. Brian. What did you do? Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. And can you call me Brian? Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Are you sure? No. What a way to WWE. No, who we most proud of in South Florida. Bryan Blade, Sammy Smith, Michael Irvin, that we got a long list there. Let's see. But anyway, we'd want to dwell on that. Let's dwell on the good things that are happening. That's what Harvey Ruben says. Like Xavier Swarris is running for me again. All right. For the 8 millionth time. Did you hear that? He's on the list. Oh, God. We have an open line in date, 7519463751WOD. So we got not one peep even boy. They must be keeping really tight lids on it. Lightbulb stuff, huh? Not even a hint of what they're going to announce tomorrow over there at Paxon Communications Inc. About the future of the lightbulb and about all of us indicated shows that we understand They're going to be going on there. But that's just a rumor that I just started. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I have a compliment for you. I believe you and John, and these for a cast something greatly in common. You're both asshole. Yeah, okay. You got a new voice. Now, that's good. We have an open line on the Green Line, 1-800-944-4463. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Who is that more on it? Just a couple of random calls every day in this as asshole. You know, that's, that's his thing. Oh, okay. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. Really? Well, listen. We're sorry. Mr. Last night. I have a little bit of a complaint the way that whole thing was handled last night. This was already jammed. And we were on the east side of the arena. And we got up towards the doors. And we were all spread out across the top landing there by the doors. And they finally decided to open up the doors a little early. Right. I mean, the place is just 10. 10 after 6. Right. And what do you think the more on it? They open up three doors. And a massive amount of humanity pushing for the three doors. See, I don't understand it when you don't have to take any tickets. You don't have to have the turnstiles. Why didn't they just open up all the doors? Both sides on all doors and just open them up wide and let everybody have. Right. We stood there for 10 minutes, pounding on the doors. Yeah. And they opened the doors. And they would, and they would guard standing right there. They would not open the doors. What about do they say? They just walked at us. Finally, they opened up the doors. And it was like, again, mass humanity. But it just sort of ruined the whole feeling. I mean, I was, I'm not that I'm a wimp or claustrophobic, but I was getting kind of nervous because I think, you know, eventually all these people are just kind of stopped pushing. Yeah. And it was really unfortunate. Really ruined or started off what turned out to be a fabulous hour. You really missed it. It was a great, great third. I didn't miss it. I saw it. It was a lot of fun to really beat Aaron to really cheer those guys on. And yeah, I'm a diehard, or was, let me refer to it. A diehard range of fans of 35 years. Yeah. And this was the greatest game of the night that I have ever experienced. I've gotten my Stanley Cup with the Rangers, the hell with them. Let's go, Panthers. Nothing. Nothing in sports could have equal that game that we all witnessed the other night. Yep. I think you'll agree. It was just unbelievable. We're going to lose those guys. Gave the best that they could possibly give. And I'm just thrilled with the whole thing. Great. That's all I got to say, Neil. Okay. You survived it. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. Great. Great. Great. Great. We celebrate the real deal of the real died into Will fans from the affones. You know what I'm saying? We separate the fans that are always pulling for one team. We're saying, Golden, it's closed. I want their saying on the cart. Open line and date. We want your on there right now. Especially you ladies out there. I don't know why I'm always asking for ladies to call. Cuz by. right now especially you ladies out there I don't know why I'm always asking for ladies to call cuz quite frankly who needs them. Open line in dummy 7509463751Wild. It's that time is what it is. It's that time. If you want something a little bit different add to your home like something unique that's designed just for you enter the age of aquarium. Age of aquarium is a state of the art store that has soft lotus largest selection of marine and freshwater fish. If it wiggles, if it slithers, if it moves, if it crawls, if it slides, age of aquariums got it for you. And age of aquariums got everything for the beginner and the extreme hobbyists too. They will custom design your tank. They'll deliver it right to your door and set it up for you just the way you want. They'll check the compatibility of the fish you buy to be sure they're safe and healthy and a smile at each other. Your questions can be answered anytime with their 24 hour hotline. There's an incredible selection of coral and other stuff for your tank and age of aquarium does all of this with the safe sex in space. When they're in summers, www.w-i-o-d dot com. Worldwide, baby. From news, talk and entertainment radio. 610-w-i-o-d. Blue without his rectum. Rectum. Hell. It damn their kilnum. It hurt. It could only be a fantasy. Oh my god. It's Fabio. I don't believe it's not the butter. What? Butter. I don't believe it's not butter's spray. I can't understand you. Well, they're spray. Butter's spray. Excuse me and my fantasy the guys speak English. It's English. I don't believe it. But I'm not a black. I don't believe it's not butter spray. Let's see if that's what I'm trying to get. What? I'm just shut up and spray me down. With the I don't believe it's not butter spray. Spray me down. Then get naked. Good. It's my fantasy. Okay. I don't believe it's not butter spray. Fresh butter taste without the fat. For a sexual lubricant with half the calories of butter. 116 at WOD is everybody happy out there. How we've had a tremendous run here. It's been a great spring. We've had some stuff to keep us excited on the edge of our seats. And now everybody's getting ready to go on vacation and blow this joint. And here we are. It's already June 13. Isn't this dynamite? No, seriously. This is because generally by this time we're dying over here. We are just deadly on death's door. So thank you, Panthers, for least keeping us alive over here too for a couple extra months. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I just want to make a comment on our so-called Superfan Mr. Heizeng. Supposedly he had a done deal on the sale of the team during the Boston Bruins quarterfinals. And then when the Panthers were deep in the place, you can still see an A.B. And he backed away. Yeah. Because what he's going to do now is that he pays $50 million for the franchise. Supposedly the team is now worth between $75.80 million. It's a public offering. Yeah. So half the team. 49% of the team. To make it for $40 million. He owned that and he owned that and he owned that as a course down. And he owned all of that basically. To hold his money in three years on the team. Oh, would you be a fan? Would you be a fan? Can you could do that? Sure. But once he should do. He loves a ship. Rip up the claims 200,000 dollar contract. And pay him the money now. He deserves it. They could pay top Maori free million. Minimum 2 million here for Doug McLeod. Absolutely. Okay. Excellent point. You're what I said Doug he had a Tim Horton donut franchise in the summer side. Besides, okay. 1.5 million and 14 Tim Horton donut franchises from Yellowknife to Blue's Draw to Medicine Head all the way up to Prince Edward to PEI. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Right. Sure. I'm leaving home. You're leaving one? I'm leaving my lunch. Yeah. What is it? Listen. I think good. I just want to thank you for the for the rat. I got the rat in the mail yesterday. Great. And it's hanging in the car. And the rat too. Are you talking about the hanging rat? The hanging rat. Beauty. Hey, those are kind of nice. It's better than the plastic Jesus or a peridice. Here are dices bad, you know. Yeah, well. I like the rat the rats cool. Listen, yesterday I didn't go to the the rally. But I was watching a little bit of it on TV before it started. And a channel 7 news was showing the people when they opened up the doors. It was like a Chinese fire drill. Those people jump in there running over the sea to punch a kid. Yeah. I mean, if you want to listen, if anybody, if anybody thinks I have regrets that I didn't go down to that thing last night, they're dreaming. I don't like chaotic things like that. I don't mind crowds as long as it's orderly. But when it's just chaos, I don't have much of a stomach for that. I mean, I think when there's no game, I mean, if there was going to be a game, okay, I'll contend with it, but forget it. No, that was terrible. I mean, they show it when they first opened the doors and everybody's running in. And these kids are jumping over the sea, running all around the place. I'm like, oh my god. Yeah. I mean, I mean, and then they didn't let like 10,000 people in. That's what I said when I first got to the track and I had the TV on there. There was like 50 million people standing on a front steps and I said, oh my god. I did. I said, I made the right choice. And then several races later as I was losing my answer, I said, you know, might have been cheaper to go down to Miami. Yeah. Yeah, but I mean, it was from when I saw, because I was at work, I was watching a little on TV. And I was listening to it and then they had a Radic Devore Act singing, oh, I want for Chris, it's my two front teeth. Right. And I said, I can't listen to this. I mean, come on, man. Yeah. Well, it was a great run and it's over now and let's get arrested. I don't remember. He's no, he's no comedian. Right. Right. Any stretch of the emergency. Guys is lame. Yeah, he told me off the air that he was sensational. Yeah, well, that baked a different. He took a poll of one. He looked at the mirror and said, damn you were great. Yeah, well, I mean, in his own mind, maybe legendary. Okay, pal. Well, what were things? Yes, sir, and closing. Jeff Rimmer, you're an asshole. Okay. But oh, he's going to be upset about that. You know, you can't have thin skin if you're going to be in his business remor. We have an open line in date, 7519463, 751 WOD. And he probably wouldn't be except for the fact that that sounded like Dean. It was just on the collar. Plenty after one at WOD at Kendall Toyota, your old car is worth at least three grand toward the purchase of every new Toyota in stock by any new to sell, Camry, Corolla, Passeo, or Land Cruiser to come a truck, T-100, Avalan or Camry Wagon, and Kendall Toyota will pay at least $3,000 for your old car. Just drive the old, jeloppy down to Kendall Toyota. Even if it's worth like 50 cents, even if you can barely get it there. It's still worth at least three grand toward the purchase of any great new Toyota. And you've got over 800 brand new ones that have been clearly marked with a one lowest selling price right there on the windshield. That's your best price, not just a candle, but anywhere in the universe. No haggling, no handsling, one price selling, and your old cars worth at least three grand on your trade. $3,000 trade offer, I knew 96 Toyota is based on MSRP, offer non-conjection with any other offer, one trade for Dean Lana Proofcredit. Vehicle must be in purchase and name percent title upon delivery, Mark Jacobson's a douchebag. Use talk and entertainment radio, 16WIOD. Hey, look for me, sunny Hirsch on WIONZ, Zagans. Some days everything takes more time than you expect. Fortunately, dinner doesn't have to be that way, because in 30 minutes or less you can put together a beef dinner your family will think to a guy who's to prepare. That's why at our leans house, the kids are starting to feel a little crazy after wolfing down that chili man. And across town, the Bradford's are gathered round the toilet bowl, bumping up the last of their beefy and gelatinous. And even now, Ben and Carole Baker are thinking about that funny tasting meatloat they have put in there while they're being rushed in an ambulance to the emergency room with a worse stomach cramps in their lives. You see, in 30 minutes or less, you may be able to put together a beef dinner. But given all the prep time involved, you won't have time to actually cook it. Well, a beef and a coal-eye. It's what's we're doing. Oh no, I don't have it, sir. Good not here. 125 in WIOD, we have an open line. Unless you're a Bruins fan, get out of here, stop putting on an act for us, okay? Oh my god. 7519463751 WIOD, it seems to me we swept the rea Bruins, so I'll write off our back in five games. My god probably could have been a four, but we felt sorry for him and wanted to wrap it up at home. I was like playing a girl's team. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hello, I'm the first time caller. Great. I think. Finally got the nerve to call you up. I grew up here, right? I, um, we sit in the same section as you for the Panthers games. We're up, up, down in front. And I've never had the nerve to even come by and say hi to you at the game. Why not? I don't know. One time when I had a beer, I came by and said, hey, I like your show and then ran off. Yeah. But, um, man. Last night we went to, we did not go to the rally either. My husband said this is going to be ridiculous. I, and I don't feel so, you know, alone, like I was the only one that didn't go. I don't want to feel left out. Well, and when I was reading the paper, there were people there who had gotten there at four, but they still didn't get in because they were standing at the wrong entrance. Uh huh. So, uh, nicely. They were not just opening up the whole place. And so then it's like, well, do we want to watch it on channel six or channel seven? It's like, well, do you want to watch Rick Sanchez or Tony Segretto? What a choice. So, um, I was also listening to you talking about the jerks throwing the rats on the ice. And I thought that that was a wonderful thing until it, I just think the fans carried it too far. Sure, they've brought you to well, they told the rats all they wanted to do was go there and throw rats. They weren't in all the drunken throw rats. Right. And there was one time when a, it looked like the Panthers had score because the puck had landed on the back of the net. Right, Ray Sheppard hit the outside of the net. Exactly. And everybody I even thought they scored. We were all cheering and it was no good, but all these rats came down and broke them, and meant them up the game. And they had to take it out to center eyes. Yeah. The first play again. So I thought that was terrible. Terrible isn't the word for it. In fact, if we had knowledgeable people, we'd had to hell of a lot more people calling in screaming bloody murder about that because that was one of the most disgraceful things I've ever seen in my life at any sporting event anywhere. And it's just, it's just a mind boggling. Yeah, I agree. And then he was going on and the guys are skating around out there in a sea of rats. And they still, even after they cleaned them up, there were still people throwing a rat. Oh, yeah, right. And it's the crowd took up this channel of asshole. Yeah, right. That was great. And to me, well, what can I tell you? Well, that's all. I finally got through and I talked to you and I just wanted to say to you that I've always loved your show. I think you're hilarious. And that's it. And have a great day. Okay, Neil. Thanks. Bye. Opalina date 7519-463-751-WildD that rat throwing business with a minute left in the third period. Or I think it was exactly 44 seconds. It was one of the most grotesque and darkest and nastiest episodes in the history of the human race. And we'll never, ever be accepted again. I got news for you. Even during the season, now we didn't have the rampant kind of crap. But every now and then we'd have some drunken idiots in there and they would start throwing sodas out there or beers. You know, they'd start throwing crap. And of course, that stuff hits the ice and it freezes right away. And they got to come out and scrape the crap up and it stops, slows down a game, brings everything to a halt. And if we got any momentum going at the moment, just to bring it to a screeching halt. But they don't, you know, confuse those guys because they figure if they pay their way in, they're, they fake their way in or they bribe their way in or whatever it is. They got to write to be as much of an asshole as they want, which you're wrong. It's only when you got a radio show that you have that right. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi. I'm a first-time caller. Do another one. Another one. Hi. I got a minor to call it. How do you like that? I know. And my birthday is the same day as yours too. Oh my God. Yep. Did you read the paper this morning? Yeah. Okay. The article looks uh by um, what's your same Dan, liver tar? Why don't we to hear a dadla basterd? I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Well, he's writing a nice article about how the community is coming together. And at the very end, he just put one line in there about did you note he said something like did you notice that nobody in the crowd was, well, everybody in the crowd was white. Like he's trying to, I don't know. I got the feeling he was trying to start something. You know, everything is, her is nice. And then he goes like, hey, Goldberg thing, you know what I'm saying? Well, didn't bring the town together because the black people didn't come in there. Well, the fact is there were, you know, not a tremendous number, but there were several black people in the crowd there with the games and also with the rally, I saw plenty of them. But the bottom line is it's not a black sport for us to all number one. And number two, if you go to any of the other professional sporting events, you don't see black people in the crowd very few because they can't afford to be there. We don't have hardly any middle or upper class black people in this town. Unfortunately, most of the black people here are not that well off. Yeah. Well, I just, I mean, I didn't even think of it because who cares? Who goes to games or what color they are? Right. You know, why would you, I think you just trying to get, I'm just saying, you're just a scientist, Derber. Yeah, just to do it, just to get something started. Well, let's give him two years off like March shot. Yeah, I, I think he needs it. Okay. Sounds good to know you. All right. Me, oh, God. Have a great life. You too. Okay. Dan LeBastard. See, that's what you get when you read the hero. Do you get oddity? You get part burn. Open line in a day that I just say that over and over and over again. I keep saying these numbers and my dreams and my sleep and my nightmares. Did I tell you a head nightmare? Is about this place. Oh, I'm so glad I talked about that openly on here about people who lied to you right to your posts. I told you that. Yep. They really give you the song in a day. It's well, they got tired of all the bullcrap. You know, they got tired of, uh, they got tired of being tired. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I've been waiting forever. How are you doing? Okay. You said you want to hear from women? I've got a dream in a row now. Dream in a row. And I'm not a first time quality. A triple bagger, a trifecta turkey. There you go. Hey, listen, I got another comment to make about your friend, Rimmer. Yeah. I went down last night. It wasn't too bad. I was expecting to see riots and fights and all kind of craziness. But wasn't too bad getting an except for, uh, you know, three doors that they had opened for a couple thousand people. Yeah, for 15,000 people, right? But, Rimmer. I mean, all the wrong it's you and you've been saying how great TVC is. They know when to dummy up and let the crowd take over when something good is going on. Mm-hmm. Last night, Beezer gets up. You get to standing over. And I think so very well. These are everyone's. Our channel. Remember that? Let me explain to you again. I'd say this is not to defend Rimmer because he's indefensible. But they was, uh, the whole thing was choreographed for television. It was going to be over by eight of clock. I'm hell our high water. And so they had a timing problem, which, which to me, that's really sad because I know that way, even when the Beezer came out from the, uh, from the big panther there when they made the initial introductions that the Ovation would have gone on, could have gone on for 20 minutes and it should have, you know. But, uh, unfortunately, everything had to be cut short for TV. Yeah, that's pretty sad because, um, you know, everyone was just going wild with Beezer and he deserved it. And we're had a pipe in and say everyone calm down. We have to move things along. That's TV. They control everything. Got a lot of it. Got a hate it. Yeah, got a hate it. But, um, it was nice anyhow. We enjoyed. Good. Hey, listen, um, the guy who called the Nerelea, I was going to about Doug McQueen. Uh, uh, I don't know what he was talking about, but he played for Philly. No, Chad. He's, um, the only Tony Plady played in college at the, um, University of Prince Edward Island. Oh, my God. Yeah, I got the Florida Panthers media guide here and I looked it up. Jesus. But, um, no wonder they like him so much to Tim Orton. He probably grew up there. There you go. Prince Edward Island. They said, uh, doesn't say a long, he played. I guess not too long. But he knows how to coach a team. Yes, he does. He's a hell of a good guy. And, uh, these are, uh, these are definitely the only guy in the million dollar club on our team. He makes 2.18 million. Sounds right to me. Yeah. Sounds like low after this playoff. You're, you're, uh, good friend needle nose is at the top of the, uh, list with 6.5. Okay. Maybe they'll spear out during the World Cup. We won't have to worry about him anymore. There you go. And number two, I think it's probably your second favorite behind, you know, is Mark Messier at 6 million. Okay. Got a lot of it. I already ate. Thanks for the good news. All right. Yeah. Bye. Hoping on and date 751 Wio D. We got one in Broward. They're waiting for you. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3 for all your people that took your little two year old kids and all the infants and all little bratty punks over there to the arena last night and sat around. I hear that give beverages out for free. That's what the rumor was that the drinks were for free. What, little ones? Oh, beverages you mean. So, uh, yeah, I don't know if that's true or not. I just have a difficult time in envisioning that because I asked about, in fact, yesterday on the air, we asked about several different things, but of course, they weren't given us any information because we're small potatoes and, uh, we know count. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I was at the arena last night. The reason they were giving them soda soda is because they were serving beer. Yeah. There was no beer. But, uh, just want to thank God for that. Yeah, I know. I'm a place who didn't pay for it. Well, they were given all the soda soda for free. Yeah. For 15,000 people. Yeah, there were medium sized sodas. But was it chaotic? It was pretty chaotic. As, well, uh, debating on waiting and lying to get my seat back down on the arena there. But I was just wondering if anyone else saw the, uh, the rat fly from, uh, center-rise upper deck and slap-high thing or right in the forehead. Miss dad, damn it. Oh, he was the highlight of my day. You mean last night? Yeah. All right. Yeah. It was something else, Neil. I knew there was a use form. I just wanted to mention that to you. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great life, eh? Can I? We have an open line in date, 751. We got an open line in Broward, 524. So, Phil Henry's on here today to announce he is going to Atlanta. He's going to be broadcasting all of the Olympics, including Olympic pinockel, bad mitten, nose, bar, pickin, etc. Curling. That's the rumor that Melissa Regiery started in her big column this morning about WBGG and then of course she adds a few gratuitous lines in it and it may seem like she's writing about something. I'll spoil the scam in the sham continues. And by the way, how's Tim Horton doing Rachel? Are they done yet? Not yet. There's something fresh, making it important, though. It's kind of a smell-stale email, I'll tell you. 135 in WIOD, full card, cymel casting is back at Popano Park, get that winning feeling at Popano Park. While you enjoy Florida's finest nighttime parametrial action. The summer schedule is this. Every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, three nights a week, we got live on track racing with the post-time at 730 and full card cymel casting from the metal lands. And of course, as I told you before starting July 1st, we're going to have cymel casting from on Tuesday and Thursday on Dark Nights from Hazel Park and Detroit and the metal lands. You'll be able to punch your brains out on Kevin Wallace said to try to Hazel Park. That's going to be on Tuesdays and Thursdays and we'll still have of course Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, live local racing and the metal land cymel cast full card. And when you're at Popano Park, be sure to check out the great international buffet on the fourth floor in the dining room. It is fantastic, 1495 for all you can eat every night between 6 and 10 p.m. So plunge your brains out. Stuff you got have a great time at Popano Park. Take I-95 of the turn five to the Atlantic Polar Vartix in Popano Beach. Popano Park is just to block south of Atlantic on race track and powerline road. Good times, good food and great racing. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, post-time, 730. Don't let the absence of dolphins talk fool you. It's still 610 WIOD. It's still the home of the dolphins. And when the ice melts, we'll bring you up to speed on all of JJ's doing. Soon, dolphins on radio, news talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. As you go get drunk. Introducing Face Down Barbie. She's a beer-guzzling vodka-triken gal who knows what she wants. Give me a double scotch to the beer-triken. She might have opened. Face Down Barbie. She's got an open tap and an open mind. Brought to you how would you like to take me home to the ice. Sorry, I'm married. Yeah, well, so am I. You want to leave my husband here at Zach's Daniels? I think you need to ride home but not with me. Hey, can't get Barbie right home. For she passes out. Two late, loater in the car. Face Down Barbie designated driver miniature liquor bottles and bartender sold separately. 140 a WIOD. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Okay, let's go to a tamarack. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Okay. I'd like to say real quick, I respect your knowledge for the game of hockey. I'm a Neil Granger fan and I really don't believe that these people down here, these Johnny come late these and some of the fans really know what they have going on here. It takes a lot of cities, it takes a lot of years to get where the panthers have got to today. I just don't see the game of hockey is growing very rapidly. Not as fast as some people would like it to. But I'll tell you, it's just, it's a, it's a, it's a, these people that talked about the the panthers this year about not being, about being a boring team. I'll tell you, they're, they're jackasses. They don't have no idea. I don't know which game they're watching. Because I tell you, two days and third days and Saturday, I'm kind of lost and I'm a Ranger fan and I used, you know, used to come home and watch in the games and I tell you, I don't think that people realize what they have here. No, I don't think most of them have the appreciation of what it means. I mean, it's one thing to be enthusiastic, which is great. But it's another thing when you really have some idea of the history of the game and understand who the players are on all of the teams and what it's all about. But, you know, what can I tell you? Yeah. This is one of those very backwards towns where most of the people, even once they came here from somewhere else, seem to have majored in hibernating, it's a lifestyle. I don't know what their deal was and now they're discovering life. Yeah, and last night I was watching the news and you got these kids and people on TV saying, talking about the rats and X-hears throwing them on, they don't care what, you know, it's like, there's... Wait a minute, people were saying that last night? Yeah, on channel 7, they were talking, they were outside. The people that were locked out, you know, and they were talking about the rats. And there was a guy running around selling rats and they were like, well, the rats were they said, so... I got a real surprise for them, they're going to be nobody throwing anything. We're going to rats or anything else next year, their ass is going to be out of there. They're going to come and write down. Forget about it, throw their ass right out. Right. But thanks to the health thanks for everything this year and I like to call some of your doorspeck. Yeah. Jimmy Johnson and Miami Dolphins, your doorspeck. Okay, pal. Bye. We have an open line in Brian. Where is it? Broward 5249463. What times that Jimmy Johnson show start by the way on the IOD? Here's the lady in Miami Beach, hello. Hey there. Yes, man. Look how many women are calling you. Four. Wow. Wow. Two, boy. I wanted to give you special thanks for the t-shirt and the rat. Uh-huh. I adore them, as a matter of fact, I mounted the rat in my office with a little sign that reads Go Panther. You mounted it, huh? Mm-hmm. And in gratitude, I decided to send you one of my son's three-minute demo videos. We were going to send one to Richard gear, but we were afraid he was going to do the same thing. You were going to send me one of his, uh, oh yeah. Yeah, I've heard the Calvin Klein model that you freaked over his body. Where is it? Oh, it's in the mail. Oh, great. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm nailed at this morning. All right. All right. So I'm sure you'll get a kick out of that. It's only three minutes long. It won't bore you. So be on the lookout. Okay. All right. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Open line in Dave County 7519463 751 WOD. Here's Margate. Hello. You're any of how you doing? Okay. Uh, with our spy report, uh, was we got to the light bulb? Yes, sir. Sounds like a light bulb. We'll list her. Yes. Oh, please. Give me more credits. And that, um, Steve Kane was saying that they're going to have a, we won't know. We're not a light bulb. Listen, or how would you know that? Uh, because I do listen once. Oh, wow. Oh, okay. The audience, they'll give me a break. Yeah, because I, you know, sometimes when I get a call. Okay. Okay. Okay. Go ahead. Um, real quick. Um, so what we got to having a remote or the having a party in FTL night at Pompano next Wednesday. Yeah. And of course, Steve Kane mentioned, uh, maybe Uncle Neil will sit with us. No, Uncle Neil has his own inbox and will not be sitting with us. Uh, again, no doubt. And what we got to Rick Simon, well, what does that have to do with? We don't care. I see when I said I wanted to find out about the light bulb. I'm talking about the changes that are going on in his meeting. They're having a more. I'm not interested in all this internet scene, horsecraft that goes on over there. We don't care about it. Okay. What's we got to the line up? You mean? Yeah. Yeah. You yard to whatever is going on, right? Yeah. Okay. So what's got to that, uh, there will be, there will be moved to different timeslots. Meaning what? They're going to shuffle them all around. They're going to shuffle them all around. Yeah. They're going to shuffle them all around. Yeah. They're going to shuffle them all around. Yeah. They're going to shuffle them all around. Oh, my gosh. Shades of the old W. News when Dennis Collins used to shake the deck up and keep moving to same people around over and over and over and over and exact. And they look how good that worked. We got their tombstone right out in front here. Controversial radio is in with WFTL and like, uh, Simon will be hooked up with Norm Kent and Steve came. We'll be hooked up with, uh, oh, how. Woo, woo, woo, woo. I don't think I can handle this pressure. Okay. Let me take a couple of value. But I'll talk to you. Neil. Yes. Go Panthers. Okay. Two open lines. That's an FTL guy. Real geek. Two open lines in date. 751 Wiod. 751 9463. And we got one on the green line. And the reason I know that is because Steve, of course, is on during the period when this show was on. He's not like what nine to do. So naturally, in the middle of my show, he might be turning over. Let's do it. Maybe it was between where it can sense wrong. But I'm wondering that hour. So I was still in here. So what does that tell you about his loyalty? And where his brain is at, huh? The light bulb. Oh, my God. They're going to shuffle them all around. Well, hey, guess what? That ain't going to do squat. And what's the purpose of that anyway? See, I know I don't want to start opening up a big mouth. But in this business, people like continuity. They like like Reniri being on in the morning, 17 years in a row. Okay. Like whoever it is, like I've been doing mid days now for many, many, several years, like for a few years, like for a couple of minutes. Like people expect, you know, what I'm talking about? Are you ready to experts out there? Now let's shuffle that I keep shuffling them all around. Take the same old worn out stuff and just keep shuffling and shuffling and shuffling and shuffling and shuffling and shuffling. Well, shuffling is one, 46. That's pretty astonishing news. The W. I. O. D. When you're hungry for great casual seafood, the place to go is shells, especially with shells new, crawfish, Jubilee menu. You can try their sweet, biocrofished. It's already shells. So what's easy to eat? Try it instead of shrimp for a great new taste in the shells tradition. Other New Orleans, this is you're going to love to like Jack Daniels for a buffalo fried crawfish. It's hand-bredded crawfish covered in buffalo sauce and fried golden brown and it's only 495. The Burman Street Post is sweet crawfish sauteed and served overling guini for just 895. Or try the big easy. My he my he fresh off the grill topwood sauteed crawfish or if you're from like Southeer call it the big easy. Try shells new crawfish Jubilee menu with two shells locations in Kendall and the TJ Maxx Pleasure that's right at the corner of sunset in 117th Street and in sunrise on's university drive just north of sunrise Boulevard. George. Use talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Hey, the key's talk a little bit about playing a game that essentially amounts to a playoff game already is a final act of the regular scene. Where's the first thing? I had a picnic day one day she flew away to Teo on a weather moon is blue. Double is blue. But with our right wing censorship there are words that must have slid to it tell you how I feel for a game. As you see K.L.M.T.T.U.R.A. I'll see you with Teo on a two. Now as you see K.L.R.A.S.R.E. Stay and the FCC won't let me sing this song. I wrote you day now at the C.K. Take your hand. Tell me say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days. So anyway speaking of all these changes in the light bulb and all these rumors that most of our years starting because you don't have any information so she got nothing else to write about except big. But other than that I'm wondering Eran how long can somebody stay on here in limbo? I mean basically Paxons already said that bitch is out and the Cox people longer goes said I just can't stand that so much. So where does that leave her between a rock and a hard? So anyway 151 at WOD here's a mobile in western. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hi Pohack. Can for you. You know you'd be unreasonable to expect a answer to duplicate this year next year but I expect him to have extremely competitive. The last few years. Stenos A. Minnesota and who else had a cup run. Vancouver and then they fall off the face of the earth. We think what what do the pinchers have to do to stay up there and stay competitive. Get a little luck. They have to get better and they have to get lucky. You know I'm gonna be your laughing but I'm telling you that's what a requires stay healthy. You got to get a couple of more offensive players one more solid defenseman. Some of the young kids have got a mature little bit more and then they got to have some luck and they got to stay healthy and you know you're talking about an 82 game season. We're not talking about football about 16 games each game is spread a week apart. We're talking about 82 long-gruling games like every other night sometimes three or four and one week. You know one of the things that I noticed I thought the panters could use is a booming shot from the poor. Nobody just blast the buck. Yeah. I mean just serving as a guy. Well what does that have to do with what you just asked man? Well what does that mean? I mean if it has to do with the power plan proving dramatically that that's definitely part of it too. Right. But that's also part of you know creating more offense. Right I mean you will it's a lot of the things you have guys on that have talked about you know what else are gonna do get a couple more snipers and I was just saying one of the things I think we need is a guy would a guy. I know one guy do that one of the best shots in the history of the game. Tim Horton. He's on a way pal. I'll take a dozen blades. Okay. Fox you. He's laughing man. Tim Horton he could shoot it. I'll tell you that right now he could really bang it. Two open lines in day 7519463 we have one on the course not like Jim Dory. He could really bang it. I'll bet and a Jim McKinney. But now I'm talking about guys that you never heard of before and if they walked into your house right now and beat you with the two by four you'd say who the hell are you? Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello Neil. I'm a black professional here in our four lot of your professional black. Yeah exactly professional black man. Okay. All right now just wanted to spill that room that you said earlier about them not being enough. They're plenty of black professionals down here. They're just that they're not too many venues that you see a lot of black professionals out at publicly. Number one. Well are you on hiding or something or why? Well it's not a matter of hiding is that number one hockey doesn't interest most black people. Yeah. They need a truth and they're more important issues going on right now in the black community for instance another church gap burned this morning and I haven't heard you say anything about that. Another church got burned where? In Oklahoma. What does that have to do with here? Well it's one of the issues though. So in other words you're saying that all professional blacks as you call them everybody who's not in a ghetto is an activist is that what you're saying there's nothing else in life to be concerned about. Yeah there's a lot to be concerned about but you know we all supported the panters up. I have some black friends that had the uh had the flags on their cards. So they're one point. My point is that there is it's over when it's time to move on. Talk about some different issues. I'm not interested in talking first of all in other words you're you're going to orchestrate what we talk about on this show. This is not a topical show. I don't talk about people burning churches down or anything else down. Well that's why that's why tune in the fill Henry. And I used that for comic relief. I just tuned in early today. Also in other words you don't listen to the show. You just had a radio accident. Pretty much. But even though you don't listen to the show you still feel compelled to call in here and tell me what to talk about. Well you know you made that you made the room. If people were to hear that you know they did not black professionals down here the way you the way you made it. I'll stand by I will stand by my statement. We have a relatively small compared to cities like Chicago and Philadelphia and Atlanta and many of you in Atlanta is a good example and Detroit. We have a very very small population of we have an in this proportionate percentage of the black population here that's living in either in the ghettos or very close to it. What do you go to the heat game? No I do not. I need to and need to do hardly any black people either. Oh I there's about 16 or 16 or 20 of us to go. Oh well there you go. So what is so what does have there? I guarantee I'll find at least 10 15 black people at every Panther game. Here we I've never been to one I might go to one next next year next season. Well better than that he crap I'll tell you that. Have a good one. Okay pal thanks for running our show. Yeah he just was a radio accident and he tuned in to fill Henry for comic relief. He didn't expect fill Henry to talk about the church is being burned down. He don't listen to the show God forbid and somehow he knows though that I don't go to the heat games. He seems to know an awful lot about what I say. Even though he pretends he don't listen to the show. As if who the hell are you kidding brother? Mother. One 50 see they're always talking about I don't know what it is with black people. They're always talking about relatives you know it's I guess it's a family thing. You know it's either brother or mother or sister as opposed to hey girl friend. Oh if I have to hear that one more time I'm serious I'm not a violent guy but if I hear one more bitch say her to oh God. Hey girl friend how you doing girlfriend and that's not a black thing that's just a bitch thing I don't know what that is. Although I think Oprah had something to do with starting it. Oprah open wide bitch boy can't stand her it's not because she's black it's because she's disgusting she's a pig. I'll see there you go again Jesse will be down here in no time it's got to be a racial thing She could be white as the fallen snow and she still makes me sick. Here's a lady in dear field hello. Hi Neil how you doing okay? I'm surprised when you're colors have I mentioned a stupid comment that put very millrose made during game four. I was dumb so I think it was down to the first over time and the these are had blocked two shots off the avalanche and he makes the comment oh geez I was so shot 10 and blocked because I could be the cleave wonder right now. Yeah I heard somebody I think was on a QAM something he was talking about that is if we really care what Barry Melrose says see those of us would satellite dishes and with common sense and good taste we didn't watch Barry Melrose. Unfortunately we can watch better hours. So he's in about life. Yep I wanted to thank you for turning us all into hockey and we hit live in dear field so we get chances to steal all the pants or players round and go cancers we love you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah we just don't care about Barry Melrose. I hate to break the news to you. In fact I like I said the other day if this was a town with any class they would have beaten the living snout out of him when he was sitting on a platform there a game four. He was right there out of the open for the taking and they would have just gone down there would have only taken 10 or 12 big guys. Actually would have taken one big guy and just beaten the crap out of him and given a hair cut and say hey cut the crap and get out of our town and that would have shown that we had some real class in his place but obviously we don't. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to thank you for the fact that you've turned hockey on the star software on the hockey and you call it like it is. Whether it's brighter weather's wrong you just said how good the Mu and Yager worried didn't put them down. The pants was had a great series but the thing I wanted to tell you is that you read the paper Saturday your Sunday that all these people that fought the high price ticket the $3 and $400 shot tickets they were selling them back. Half price. Half less than half price. Right. Now that's the typical Miami fan. No. We're going to say that's the typical thing which is going to take a broad brush and knock everybody down but there's an awful lot of those people around here probably more than in most communities that have real sports fans. This isn't a sports town. It's never going to be a sports town. You're right. This is a very, very fickle bunch of people who whatever happens to be hot at the moment they're all excited about her for 10 to be and you look at you at football. You look at the dolphins. You look at the look at hurricane baseball for crying out loud. They just missed by one pitch winning the college world series which I grant you. It's only college sports but nevertheless it was a major story. There weren't five people talking about that in this town. I agree. All the sports mavens on a year. I mean I think the question is what do you think is going to happen next year? Are they going to be selling this to rent out? What do you think these fans are going to be doing? I think we'll have make enough of a new fan base that will sell out most of the games. Yes I do. I hope so. But you better remember all we need is another couple of thousand people to sell out every home game. I mean even the worst attendance we had. We had maybe 3,000 empty seats. I think we'll come close to sell out all the games because we made many thousands of new fans and also many many thousands of more of phony fans. That's right. I mean these guys deserve it in the utmost. I mean I don't understand in the last 10 years as much as I don't want to admit it. I'm not a cane fan but we've had the best program for the last 10 years. More yet. More than 10. And they cannot sell it. Why is it only maybe when? One day I don't ask you of M. Baseball from 70 to 80 to five seasons and it went to the college world series every year five years in half a year. And they want it. 82. And I always say why does university of Michigan sell out 115 or 10,000? Oh, you're talking about football now. Well, who else cares about that? Well I know that everybody says there's nothing to do up there. Because they don't care about it. Don't you get the message pal. They don't care. They don't give a flying crap. Well, feel your great. You know you should be the one I know it's okay. I think the stuff I already have a great take it out of here. Guys making me just want to get on my hands and he's in puke or is it that aroma in the air? No, it's not the aroma in the air is great. Can't you like what? When you don't understand you expect a miracle. I mean it's still very repugged. I mean very much in the air. Like loud. Tomorrow beat not quite so loud. It'll be all the mold and disease will be killed and probably everything that comes in here in between.