Why do you bestings? I thought this was a smile around just to hear that famous farting sound Around the acenciate, take the brown off your sandwich And like, take the funnest to marry and manage Me, and Rogers, you're the best Oh, you really put my amy to the test Me, Rogers, always gets no your day here Me, Rogers, you're the best in the world Me, Rogers, the only thing I'll miss when I go But when a wave for a week and excited sound fart of love But happy anniversary me, and always love yourself Yeah, well, there she is, high-sweet heart Happy anniversary Thanks, Randy That's amazing Just Randy Rhodes, you're Ellie Brecker, come on Come in the real story She loved you Tell me what the two of you've got going Well, you know, I thought it was time She should do this story She loved you, what can I tell you? I know that, but she loves my mom's mom's Model bread better And the student And she was big into Millie, she really was Yeah, I think she's going to write a book about her No Millie's going to write a book about her She's writing already, wow Why did she write this? And I didn't say that, she made me sound like an old kevich And I said, yeah Oh, come on, I thought that was a nice little touch Yeah, a little touch So how are you doing up there, boy, Gary, by the way, called me yesterday And he said, tell Randy, don't worry about making that video Because she won't be here anyway Isn't my life a living house? Boy, boy, what comes around goes around Is he really coming back? There? Talk to you, Dally, he's got nothing to lose Let me put it that way No, seriously, is he really That's what I got to tell you Okay And I'm saying Yeah, okay, whatever you say So talk to you, Dally, I'll tell you everything Well, I'm sure glad they put that ravishing picture of you And my article there that was lovely Did you get that? Did I get what? What I said to you About what? About people were calling me going, I can't tell if you like him or not And I said, I love him Yeah, but what was that about the ticket ticket ticket You were never land, what the hell was that? Am I some kind of a child molester now or what? What does that mean? It meant that I know how you feel about religion I said you had a lucrative career as a child evangelist, right? Because you love religion And that, and also know how you feel about little Mikey there Also, I thought that you would get it Whenever you say, okay, we're still trying to finger it out Well, whatever So when are you going to go to Vegas, take a little more green there with you? Yeah Give them all on the sides You know, he ain't going with you And I'll come back and give you some night numbers He's not going with us Huh? He's not going He's not going around staying here, I'll tell you that And put some eyeglasses on him, said, what a bullseye Uh-huh Uh-huh Well, congratulations for getting out of here We're here from all the lucky people We're here from Reniri and a whole crew over there at Waxi And our Randy Rhodes from WJNO And we're here from all the lucky people I got there a lot of here Well, we just want to tell you something And if you thought boy, Yuri was fun Which I'm sure he'll be again You ought to meet Steve Nichol Yeah, well, I did meet Steve Nichol That's why I love Well, see she's smarter than all the rest of us He even had him is noting on that one That's right Oh my god, you can't even begin to believe it Oh yeah, I can't That's why I love Just listen to those traffic reports That'll tell you everything you need to know Yeah, well, kills me, I get chills When you worship somebody else's butt You know Well, listen Randy, have a great life Well, listen now I just want people to know that You know, I was just going to be a lot of people calling you today And I'm going to be paying their respects But if it wasn't for you, I just don't think that I would have Ever gotten started Well, I don't know what I don't know whether that's plus or minus But you know Yeah, I think about it too Okay, hang in there I love you You'll see you There you go Randy Rhodes No, in the 3WJNO 1230 on your AM dial Let's promote everybody else's show That's one thing I've always done for years I'm not paranoid like those little butt suckers over there It's a QA, and who dump everybody else's name Because they're a bunch of paranoid little torps What are they worried about? They've been sold anyway So what are they worried about? What do they got to lose? In fact, if they would start mentioning our names They might get an audience over there But I doubt it Look at this, this is beautiful There's a picture of a hippopotamus and it says No solumenta Hank Goldberg, Tom B. and S. and the hippopotamal You see that? That's cute and that's funny, oh no less By the way, if you go and buy the airport, oh I'm sorry Look at all these cute facts There's one from my dentist, thanks Gary And it was one here from Mark Tadino Now there's a guy If we can't get JC and hear how about Mark Tadino, let's see what he's got I love you Mark Man, do I? Ever Well, more so years ago All kinds of good stuff And here, thanks to a Sarah inside the building They got balloons, they got a big thing on here The only problem is, you know, Norberto Who just came off the banana boat 20 or 30 years ago They haven't always put up the marquee signs in front And I drive up to work this morning It says, Neil thanks for 20 years of And it's supposed to say, oh, and he put a J in front of the Oh, how do you like that? Because the Cubans, the Hispanics, they don't pronounce the J It's always silent Isn't that what it was supposed to say? Thanks for 20 years of Oh, hey So that's cute. Thanks to everybody Thanks, Sarah Did you just say, blow it out your ass? Probably Something like that Not cute. We got balloons. We got the helium ones Which I might take another hit of that Little Bob Green is in there all tanned up Which means it's probably playing celebrity golf again Out there And here we are 20 years later You'll never make it six months in his town man You'll never make it six months in his town man Six months Let me say it again. That man is dead dead dead It gives me so much joy to know that that collar That particular one along with many others By the way from the KAT days But that one in particular you know he's dead There's not even a little tiny bit of flesh left on those bones Even the worms are ignoring him now How do you like that? Even the worst maggots in fact It's ignoring his little bony ass Because there's nothing left Not even a strip of flesh He's dead And I'm still here 20 years later How do you like that? Unbelievable So this is really a very emotional day And if you believe that I told you if you just pumped this if you started about six months ahead Kind of like our Vegas trip We've started many many months ahead And you're really just pump it and pump it and push it and plug it And look at those brow lines going out there And I was we speak that's okay That lucky pitomizes what I was saying yesterday That's like part of it And by the way how about that game last night? That was pretty weak Pretty bad officiating Pretty weak effort all the way around It was ponderous If that game could have gotten any longer I would just be coming in from the game right now That was the slowest The most monotonous In addition to a just deadhead crowd With about 2550 seats It was one of those things We'll take the point though Thank you That's all right 1013 at WIOD That's real is gone If you have a new listening To defose new Saturday morning show You miss BBK You miss Jessica Eurey You missed a morning after With Jeff De Forest 6 to 90 I'm Saturdays On news talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD This traffic update They service So be on list Bugs are very good It's a parking lot now And above that I express But you know we got the usual delays It's a rush hour We got a few pollutions One at 27.7 Another one at 47.7 Could be northbound I don't know Might be southbound I don't know that either Could be eastbound We don't know We can see nothing from this room It don't have no windows It's backed up A major problem All the way around They've been curved And I'm not talking about my ass That's your highest spot Don't shoot me out of this guy It's traffic From your traffic She can't I'll say yes WIOD OK He was right I stuck Do you think I could have a job? 1017 shut up already Sweetheart So anyway, here's a fact that with a spy report Or here's fat riches in here To look at that Being escorted in And the special dress Oh my God, I cannot believe it I am truly speechless And this is your wife Life Oh wait let me turn that on first I'm just Yeah, milk bones for me Yeah, we knew you were coming Well, I know that you won't show off unless we feed you Yeah And fat riches here today Now did you guys come in together or what? Yes Yes What? We bumped into each other in the parking lot Oh, there was so much We didn't run around And a lot of those car repairs So we were so much Love coming from this building I hope I'll stay away I mean, it's just Oh my God You know, and I just heard You just been saying Wonderful things about me I haven't heard them myself Oh thank God for that But Yeah But Oh my God Uh oh It's like when you know how Any have a bird call And then all of a sudden the bird shows up It flies out in a way It's just like in the land of your arm on your sleeve And then drops a little number on you How you been, Glenn? I feel pretty good Yeah, you look pretty good You look pretty good Like all the rest of us, but generally the same I got too much sun I went swimming the other day But it was wonderful It's so amazing to be down here And South Florida Well, I must tell you I was just a little bit more I was just a little bit more I must tell you I was a little bit scared Driving down I had some business to do in Fort Latter Day So I'm driving down to Miami And I'm on the 70th night street Cause we had was hot Yes, you do traffic It was hot Yeah, yeah And so I was thirsty And I just I just flew into Florida To get something to drink Yeah, I just flew into Florida And I went with this Yesterday afternoon You came in yesterday Uh-huh And I walked up to the guy standing And walked up to the guy And behind the counter And he looks at me and he says You're a planner You? I said, wow He says, I heard your cackle Today on the old show I don't know if that was the one Or not I left your spot Just like every other bird He leaves his trademark behind Like I said, I'm your sleeve Do you know what the significance of yesterday The view showing up in town Yesterday sunny's market Reopened yesterday after a long time Thought about it, it's not even closed Sunny has real I have to be honest about this I want you to answer my questions I have about this town What happened to the television stations? I turned on the cable last night I don't understand NBC is on six Yeah, we were the weatherman It's on four Prime or cross The weather fair is the news fair Now is he? Yeah What on? Well, is he is my painter How come we were the weatherman And Bob Mair on six You know What did that happen? And how come Kelly Craig blew up like a bullfrog? What's going on? Have you seen her lately? Kelly Craig, my good, close, you remember Kelly? Oh, you're good, close personal friend Kelly Lysme? Kelly Lysme? Why does she hate you? I always knew I liked her for some reason No, seriously, it looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump Upup harass him, blew her up about 30 pounds Come on, Kelly, get on an egg and sweetheart We'll end the station We have a weekend Now swim my hand Yes, you are Not slim but compared Relatively? Relatively The fat old slab that you were Well, that's cause I stop eating all those meals Everyday we used to eat Oh I didn't come to eat lunch It's not a lunch Yeah, well, that's not the reason Anyway, I saw the sun sitting on Or the Colbson Boca yesterday Yeah, saw the sun sitting on Or the Colbson Very nice, I read the book for what I had to see some people in Boca Yeah And I picked up the paper and I was looking at the art of A boy Yuri No, and I saw that story Glenn's going to be doing J&O That's what it is And I saw it And I saw my name in the paper I thought that was very nice I come to town and I put my name in the paper And I love I wonder who carded that up I think it was a nice and tight head Is it? Neil Comitz on his colleagues And then this colleague's coming on Neil And this great quote From Larry King I must say that quote was wonderful What did he say? Neil is the worst No, he said Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come Any better than Neil Rogers Yeah, I remember Yeah, why in the right at the end he said Don't be frustrated Oh, Jesus Did you hear that? In stereo Larry King was on Letterman a couple of weeks ago This is the most shocking moment of my life And they showed a picture They took out a picture of Larry King Takenhead W. I.O.D. In 1963 Yeah I must say Frightening It was And then they'll do it that Haha No So We're stalkerady of her in my life In the end of the out The worst stalkerady of her in my life in the end of the out Yeah Come on Larry, give us a call I will I give it to you Okay I just he's going to call in You mark my words He will be calling in I'd say Oh, here's Brett with a whole bunch of stuff I wonder if he's got JC locked up inside of that thing Yeah Yeah Oh my god Tom Shica Look how fat he got How are you doing He's not on the Atkins Pull up a seat down here Sit down for a second We'll see if we can get another lawsuit going Yeah So look at this They're all showing up today I wouldn't be surprised if Madeline Murio here shows up Which will have to order double lunch Well, we'll pray that she comes This is quite an Alright Who do we pray to? Can you believe that? No I was surprised coming in Let's say I'm surprised to see you Well There, I guess this is a day of surprises This one is a surprise Day of total shock Almost a shocking is the fact Melissa said nice things about me and your newspaper I'm nice and nice and nice She actually loves me She does She's a nice person And she's good to win And that goddamn super day of man at Guy Do you know that she's a pop and I will must every night I know that And by the way, I see that horse that they gave us last week Thank God I left early I wanted to run I said don't give Neil a horse If you'll do it Yeah You're getting into the running Walley is still whipping it He's still running Fill my name wrong Tom But I still can't put it in the pit No, I come to town my names in your paper You know That's pretty neat Not everybody could do that He hasn't lost it folks He still hasn't lost it All right, let's do a break He will come back to the Glen Hill Polka show I have that in there by the way I do have the Glen Hill Polka Which I'm sure you haven't heard in many years But it's been a year Ten, twenty, three, a WIOD Use talking entertainment radio It's a six-hand WIOD He'll run his car Look at that I don't even know what I'm doing anymore I'm just telling you If you miss the Nielder Show yesterday on 16 WIOD You missed this Has this the bird? Yeah Bird, how you doing? Okay This is do me a favor play anything Because I can't stand listening to you You serve like a douchebag Do it Do me a favor play anything Well, can I ask you a question before you go Oh, god You sound so stupid I hate to talk to you Yeah, go ahead Why did you call me? I didn't call you You're not just to tell you not to say anything Just play something Oh, god, can't stand it Well then why are you listening? Ah, play something already Why won't you answer my... Oh god, can't stand it You won't see he won't talk to me Oh, we got a car here Hello Ha ha ha ha Well, that's your brain's back Some great memories Don't it? Sure does How can you say to the bird? Let's do that to you all over again Let's recreate that I wonder if Joey's going to show up here today Yeah, my nose up kneels ass Wouldn't that be something for my 2010 anniversary The only thing that would be a big surprise If that guy showed up Brian Brian was a stupid over the wall We had a stand-up straight again Brian was a little stupid But that's weird cause Joey is doing an overnight Isn't that frightening? Yeah, from the way he saw you, right Nobody carries it down here do they? No, got to the WR Yeah, he saw it That's not a competition Now the police out at WLR Yeah, that was from maybe see No, so are Oh, no wonder It's like once he on after before our lean Francis He's on like one to five But the morning end is Stand-do he's show out of his house? No, that's like out of an orifice Oh Literally, yes, I'm one Carl Springs I think, yeah Yeah, he's got some other Alter right wing Nazi I know doing the some other show out of that same studio Oh yeah So listen, but just stand Now I know it I'm a head of you guys Stand's coming in today with a two grand All right I know it I know he was just waiting for the A perfect day A perfect day As we speak in, by the way, if people who are like Down and out of their luck You know our good friend Captain Dave Yeah, where is he? He hasn't called you Can you believe it? I already was able to I know your number You heard what they's in town? California California And he called about two weeks ago on A year one day And just out of the blue And talking about his Stuggling non-corrier As an actor in seeking As Fortune And all this other And I just had a premonition because he was calling on here that I might just get a call at home. And sure enough, I got home and it was a desperate call on my machine. What do you think he wanted? Money? You know, I send money. Well, I see you say that. It sounds so insensitive. He said, Don't be fristed out. Yeah. And it was, we have another gas. And I said, I've had so many bad experiences. All I can say is, No. Henry Barrow is here with a little, something with the battle of boomers. You notice how he keeps the decayed with him at all times? Oh, my God. Henry, how you doing? That was a quick, were you really over there? My, uh, Renery was on a phone. Was that just to tell you? Thanks forever to get that taste and smell. How do you system? Unbelievable. The great Henry Barrow who has an age more than 20 or 30 years since he got out of here is back. That's right. How or not? I'm great. So you're doing the dolphin games this year again, huh? Really? Back on the sideline. Yeah. That's the room with that I hear. I hear they're going to waxy. I just want to run here. That's a very good thing. That's a very good thing. Because they hate us like poison. Wake us up once in a while. Yeah. So now let's see. Are you and Mikey both wrinking out of that same flask? Is that just a personal? No, we have wine in nine every day. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. And Ryan don't participate in that either, doesn't he? Yeah. We have a separate bottle for you. Yeah, good. That's great. He's probably going to call you again. He's driving and listening right now. Yeah. We're going to get out of the keys. My two are Harrison. One of those guys. One of those guy. Well, that'd be great. Yeah. He's here. Yeah. I heard that coming in. Shotker Rippie. Yeah. Shotker Rippie. Yeah. Who's bringing up your hair by the way, George? His florist coming by with a buck. We have a four different people bringing food today. Oh, great. I'm not touching any of it by the way. I'll sit here and watch everybody eat. You, you know what, the same thing. Ten years ago. Oh, thanks. Henry just gave me one of those, Mike Greenery's deposits. That was a beautiful thing. Thank you. Hand roll thing. They did over. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, come here. Yeah, we don't want to take away Tom's thunder here. Tom is looking for an audience. Yeah. Are you liking semi-retirement now or what? What are you talking about? Well, no, I'm in three stars in a paper today. I understand that, but it's just like you're like keeping a low profile. Used to be all over the place. No, I'm doing that show tonight. Like I said, you're keeping a low profile. Yeah. What are you doing? Oh, you're filling in for a canflon. Yeah. Don't you wish you were on a station. No, where somebody could hear you at night? Well, if you're east of 95, it's fine. Yeah. I like the way that the tax and that's to have two stations. But you'll wear this, by the way. Then the tax and his gut like the heat were complaining. They wanted to drop, but they wanted to get off the station because they wouldn't put them on the lightbulb. So now he's on FTO, the cover, Brower. And the INZ to cover days. Is Pete Bolger on FTO? Peopleager is the PD of FTO. Yeah. He's gone from Zeta to INZ. Yeah. The lightbulb. And he's the program. And I understand that they have an opening at Piper High Next Week. It can't be X. I think it's a little too upscale for Pete. The older. Right. It's the program director of FTO. Correct. Well, it's owned now by the tax and owns. Tax and owns. But he owns everything. He owns like 500 radio stations. Oh, yeah. Up there too. Just bought two from a rust in the oasis. Rust keeps selling him stations. Got to buy the patents. No, he's not. Wayne will be the owner. In fact, you should write that in the paper on Monday. You should be the first one. Wayne will be the owner. Take it to the bank. What about that million-flaught? He's losing a month. I think Gary Batman is going to make him an offering. Can't refuse. I think the league makes no. I'm going to subsidize a little bit. Are you saying, see, I'm out of town. I don't know what you people are talking about. I don't know what you people are talking about. What do you mean from out of town? Well, I don't. We were discussing just yesterday on this show. The house they used to live in in the bird sanctuary. Yeah, I'm in candle. Yeah, sunset. Still standing. And by every day. Do you? Yeah. Do you? I heard you. Well, kind of. How do I put it? How do I put it when we're on the air? You got your dump button ready? Do you go by and you know, think along the side? Matter of fact, my mother was looking for an apartment in the years. Oh, gosh, she was thinking of moving down and we stopped out. You know, you still live here and she said, who? I said, the bird. She's the old school somewhere else. Ah! I just noticed something. Yeah. I've been gone. Three years. Is it three? And I would have thought you would have gotten rid of Randy's chair here. The one with all the same. Oh, that was the Randy's memorial chair. It's still here. And you'd be amazed at what other people have done on that since. Are you saying the dolphins are there? The dolphins are leaving IoT. Is that way? We have one more year. One more season. And they can bet your life that they're leaving. You can go to the bank on it. And you think they'll go to the, where do you think they'll go? I don't know, because you're okay. You see, easily just bought you out of the market. Be easily just bought QAM and the kiss. And they don't want QAM. They want to sell it. I would be surprised if Wayne buys QAM and puts all the sports on there. Are you hearing that? Yeah. I'm hearing that. It's all sports anyway, isn't it? Well, alleged besides Lord Islander, bought all the E-Finds, sports Bay and all the runs. That quickly? I mean, it was just bought by bees. Are you going to move it again that quickly? Oh, sure. Don't try to know the word is now. So you have to see it's like playing cards. It's like a deck of cards. This is getting like what's this name show. The guy from Sanford. Now let's go to the chair. And look what happened to him. Look what did for him. Oh, you weren't, you were already out of here when I was better. I came in. You see, we did your real favor. I met him. Did you? Oh, yeah. How did you meet him? I was just going to say, well, he came in. He tried out for that. And he came in and did your show for a week while you were on vacation. And I played sidekick. Did you? Yeah. To Alex Bennett? I swear to God, do you think I'll ever forget it? Is he you didn't hear it because you were out of town? Then he got the afternoon show. And I may have still been here then. Live from beautiful North Bay Village. Yes. Musted by the police department for being a total loser. It's a salute to Alex Bennett. The man who constantly exercises neck by looking over his shoulder. The man from California who didn't have a tan. The man who founded great funds to rip his fellow workers. But when ripped himself turned into a smithling, crying, complaining can the ass. The man who finally showed some similar privileges. What he passed his flags and got the hell of a town. One of the few men who could actually go back to an old job in an old town. Telling old jokes and doing even older bits. We salute you, Alex Bennett. So far, there's never seen a bigger paranoid. A bigger mass-dagger, a bigger cry baby. Alex Bennett, your complete asshole. Oh, I think that might have put him over here. That's him. That's him. That's how it's been. That's the one. Well, look at that. A bunch of cards. Thank you, Brett. Where's Jake C. By the way, he's probably hiding in a closet somewhere now. Anyway, Henry, it's nice to see about it. I thought it was one of the most tasteless things ever seen. When you came into the news booth this morning and said to Merribe, I have just tasted juice now. I thought that was the most gross test tasteless thing. So to speak, I was trying to think when was the first time I ever met you personally. Yeah. And I remembered it was at a Rod McEwan news conference I was sent to cover. Right. When would you stole the show? I did. Yeah. By doing what? He held a news conference before Rod McEwan. Oh, and chatted with everyone. I don't remember when I was at the time. Rod McEwan came out was during the... A need to Brian. Oh, I see. It was a fishboard. Yeah. There are biscuits. That's where it was. Oh, it is. It's a fish market. And we had rented that for the meetings of the date county fans. Look at one. That person standing there. You know that person? I hadn't seen him in a long time. Yeah. It was just neat to see him. Yeah. That person. There is that person. Adam and George and Tom and Dick and Harry. There you go. Oh, Tom and Dick are there. Yeah. He's the one who's been here for a while. So, anyway, 1037. Let me do a little bit of... We got a lot of spots here. Okay. So don't just dummy up, Clint. 23 to 11 at WOD. What do you... All over South Florida. Baseball players are getting ready for the new season. And so are we. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. March 5th, 6th and 7th. Talked Marlins baseball with DFO and the Marlins live from Spring Training. On use, talk of entertainment, radio. 6th, 10. W-I-O-D. Yeah, you're right. It was said we missed the open at their two barns. Come down. Still a stick at the open at. We should have won that game last night. But hey, it's one of those things. We had like two or three hundred people left by the end of the game. You talk about people even early. Oh, man. Did they bail out of their last night? I was about a three and a half out game. Huh? Yeah. And it was the longest man. The officiating was the worst. And they couldn't get their act together. And the lines have been wanted to be the stars. Not just the referee. But the lines have been wouldn't drop the guy damn puck. They would just stand there and like taunt the players. And then the players would get over anxious. And they would go crazy. But they could, and they would do again again. And again and again. And it's just never stopped. Well, if they build out in sunrise, you'll be able to go home between periods and walk the dogs. Right. Exactly. So anyway, I don't want to talk, I beg your pardon. I have no idea who that is. Aw, where's the food? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't recognize me either. Come on. I wouldn't have recognized you for an已經. Oh, no, I had no clue. Is that incredible? I can imagine that. Too bad you're not wanted by 17 stations. But it's a bad guy. So you should have started with that thing about the game because you know him. I didn't say anything. I know. But I was wondering, that's a good thing. There's no room for your head on the table. You see, it's to put his head down on the table and give very upset. First of all, the fact that you know there's four lunches coming. I probably makes you feel a little bit better. Can I take like one or two of these calls? I don't want to see him rude. But Miami, hello. Yeah, I'm a nail. Yes, sir. Calling on behalf of the spirit restaurant to congratulate you on your 20 years of heart trip and torture. Thank you so much. Well, restaurant is that. The spirit restaurant. A spirit. We would like to donate four tickets to the Grand Prix and for some lucky listener. Yeah. For today's race and tomorrow's race. And how do they get them? I think they can come by the restaurant, the spirit, and pick it up. And what do they do have to like how many meals do they have to buy? 20 or 30? Not at all. Okay. And I'll bet she gets to give the address now too. Of course. Well, there's nothing like exploiting my anniversary to plug your restaurant. What's wrong with that? That's the epitome of this town. It's what it's all about. I like it. Wow. I'm a first-time caller and I've enjoyed your show for years and years. Well, thank you so much. Where is this joint? I mean, where is this greatest status of New Year's? Come on. It's on 836 and the North-Life 70 Second Avenue. Yeah. Very well. That's what that rich knows all about it. Also, if that rich puts you up to this, huh? No, he didn't. Sure he did. You know, he's our computer expert. Oh, that's what this is all about. Okay. That's why we're losing. Okay. Great, exactly. Well, I'll give you some pointers on that later on. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. All right, thanks. Okay. By the way, also anybody wants to drive by the airport and see any of our friends over there? Well, I said all about that. What is what a bit. Drive by the airport. I'm sorry. They call themselves the Cuban youth, not to be confused with the big can and youth. Oh, boy. But the Cuban youth, and they decided that a good way to bring attention to the fact that we had this unfortunate episode last weekend will be to drive very slowly all through the airport. It might be international. Yeah. Just drive around very slowly. At least it's not laying down in the streets like we had the last time. So this is a big improvement. We're starting to move in the right direction. I can't believe there's public relations. Yeah. Yeah. How do we get friends? How do we know the community? I understand how to win the rest of the community over to any cause by getting in everybody's way and getting a pistol off and worked up. It's only going to be 86 in the shade today. People are going to be sweating and cursing. It's the weekend. They're trying to get out of the pond. Trying to catch their plane. And of course, that's what. Now, did you drive down here? Did you fly in? I drove down. Dropped down. Yeah. I had some other stuff to do up in Palm Beach County. Yeah. Oh, you're so you are going to JNL. Good luck to you. Nothing to do with radio. I thought I would do the radio. You're not going to JNL. I thought that would have been the great cool thing. That boy Gary would have had is to bring you on here. Boy Gary there. He's starting Monday morning. He's going to be the PD and do the morning show. What? Yeah. And the great thing is he going to do in the morning. Sock. And Gregory Benjamin. What now is moving over to the country? What is it? Country Club. Country. Are you? Of course, you know, that's the reason that nobody knows who you are any more scholars because you're always off my anyway. Yeah. Well, I was just trying to, you know, shout through Tom Jick as head. Well, he's trying to do the Dave Capri to style. That's right. And it's trying to floor. And it gets here and try it. Yeah. That's where you'll want to try on the floor with it. And then about two weeks will get a call for you asking for money. Oh, wait a minute. Gregory Benjamin is going to play. Country, is that what you're saying? Yes, what you're saying? This is mine. And the most important part of it is he finally found a niche dairy. He had like an eight share or something in the morning on JNL. Yeah. Only by default, I guess. But he was doing well. And now he's going over to the country because Gary Bruce is coming in. Yeah. And now he can't stand the other assholes who are in management there. With whom Gary Bruce will be hearing you or what? I'm speaking right into a damn microphone. Yeah. Well, it's not turned on. Maybe that's why you're not on the or any more. Man, your voice just doesn't carry. Oh, he's got the microphone all the way down his throat. And he still can't hear him. Just want to say the Gary Bruce will fit in perfectly with the other day. You know, this assholes at WJNO. Thank you. And I know. You know what we have to play now. What the hell was that name with that thing that you did? Oh, the thing. Well, there were two. Could you be more vague? No, 20, 20 years. The one gone on on on on on on on. I'm not talking about that. First there was. Maybe I see a looks like that. Oh, yeah. And I'll him burn. Oh. What? Nobody's going to talk this up. I don't think so. Jesus, I'm offended. I'm going. That's on it. Wow. It's hard to breathe in here. I'm telling. He's still got a good one. Oh, but the, I can't give it away. That's the problem. No, but wait a minute. The one that here it is. This is the one that was the award winner. So anyway. Yeah. Where'd you expect to kill saltman to call any second now? I'm in the food this year. We want to thank Boone again for a few sleep. There's an up food here to feed the Chinese army. Come on. Why? Why? One open line in date and one of blowing. More delicious, quite. Why? Why did you laugh again? Nothing. Everything's fine. I'm just sitting here and you're over there. Can I? I mean, call it was right about you. Just relax. What, bird? Here, give me your finger. Now stick your finger in this piece of pita bread, okay? Okay. I guess some of the food is arrived anyway. Thank you, sir. Well, thank you, sir. Man, don't stay away from your mouth. I just bit your finger off and you're still laughing. Hmm. I'm gonna hang on. What? It's not bad. You got nine more of these, right? Yes. I'm put a little melt of mozzarella on this and you really got something. And it's okay, and he can't do this. What do you understand? That may have been the best thing Skyler ever did. I think so. I think right there. But there was always your meal. Yeah, well, that's kind of in a different genre. They play the CDs if they want to hear that one. Oh, look at that. There's my check from the sisters for 3 million. This is from David K. From David Katen. That's beautiful. Oh, I love it. Okay. It sounds like it's ticking too. Thanks a lot, David. And, you know, the American Flickers Association. Okay, look at this stuff. It's coming in here, boy. This makes me feel like I've almost accomplished something here for 20 years. Like learning how to be a free loader. That's really what I've learned. That's what I should have said. Both of those articles. The only thing I've really learned in 20 years is how to be a good snorr. What is it? Six stations? I was trying to figure it out. Melissa was asking me and I said, how many stations I've been on? How come I can't? Is that Mike really like working or what? I haven't opened, but it just can't be doing that. Jacob keeps moving it. He has to dump the pot. He's going this. How many stations have I been on? KAT. In WS, INZ. Zeta. And here, that's only five last time I checked it. I leave anybody out. Then we think. Did somebody get one, no, didn't you? What do you mean by that? Didn't you? Where was it? Was it INZ? You left and came back? Mm-hmm. No. No, well, in WS, I left for a month and went to Nashville. Oh, that was right. Yeah, but the famous, like, the famous Nashville. Yeah, true. WLAC. That was a lot of fun. They tend to be a little clenish of their intimacy. You're a K or however you want to spell it. Yeah, that was like a little bit of vacation. These people are definitely not going to wait. Here's Dr. Vats. Dr. Watt. Neil, I just called to give you congratulations for your 20 years of a loyal community service. Thanks, Doc. And I hear you did a great show last Sunday. I too, by the way. I, I, I, I had a good time. But I got a lot of callers. I also set up. I got news for it. If I could set up all my calls like you did. I have a full board every day. Well, I didn't tell them what to say when they called. And I just let a lot of people know that I was going to be on. You've always told me that only about 1% of listeners ever call in. So I figured if I let 150 people know I was going to be on. Then 1.5 people would call in. Yeah, that doesn't matter. Uh-huh. Anyway, you were in that candy cane jacket today. No, I'm not. I burned that. Yeah. You sound like you're absolutely glowing. I buried it with you. Kola, Kets and Tyne of the Cat. Oh, yeah. I buried it right now. Yeah, it's way over your head. Exactly. So I'm quite the compliment you on your communication skills, your cooperation. And I think you're a great example of how people can take care of themselves and get themselves help you as they show we same matured. And you also called to thank me for reminding you of the icons that and all the way you've lost probably. Oh, to wait. You've been as good for me. I hope I've been as good for you as you've been for me. Now since you did that audition there on Sunday on that Neil won't like it, show it. Steve Nichol called you back. No, he never did. I just go get drunk. Well, listen, just sit there by the phone. Let your patient's cooler. He'll sit there by the phone. That calls coming any second. The funny part is that he makes a show called Neil won't like it. But if you'd heard it, you probably would like it. So he can't even make a show that you won't like it. There you go. Oh, you want a bet? Tuning the rest of the weekend, Mark. We'll see you. Bye. Bye. Now I said the doctor's calling. Speaking of weekend shows that I'll do. Was that what you're doing here? Believe me. We could use you now. No, no. Trust me. I've heard rumors that one Irene Richard is going to be doing a weekend talk show. What? That with you, IOD. Is this true? Well, I didn't want to let it out of the bag. The rumor has it that we have a travel show starting on the weekend. And the host is going to be. It really is Irene Richard. How do you like that? So it is true. Can you believe that I still have that cart. Cart is. She on right after Meg Green. No, Meg's a history. She's too big for us now. She's on channel 4. She's a big star in our six or whichever one it is. Six. Right? She's all over the place. Nobody that bogus information. How do you find programs in this market? These TV stations are all weird. You don't move to like. And you keep track of it. That's the best way to do it. And by the way, speaking of the weather theory, I noticed it was that your column today. I forget who wrote it. I tried to avoid looking at that. But anyway, I think Tom had to call him about the ratings. Still suck at 10. And he's going to be the first day when Brian came on. They were the first day. They had a big interest in the beginning. You know what? They first the first day when Brian came on. They had to plus day had like the saturated us and every station in the market with spots to promote the fact that Brian or across the weather theory was going to be the news theory. And so the first day in the overnight said, Look like, Oh my god, a channel for ratings to go through the roof. Do you know they fired Barbara Sloan? Do you know Barbara? Yes. One of the nicest work of the best. I mean, everybody there loved her. She was a real pro. She was great. She was one of the sweetest people I've ever met in my life. And they can't harass because they wanted to bring in some young bimbed. And then they wanted to bring Brian over there for whatever. What are they thinking about this guy? Well, I thought it was guy. I got a lot of this just my opinion. But I think you're going to see that as everyone's contract runs out, every one of the old people there will be like, Really? That's my opinion. Not Dave GAME. They did take him off. He well, they cut the food. But a lot of all together. And the old Canterfore Colleters WTVJ is now Channel 6. Again, this is the G-L. And what a concept. And you wonder why I'm confused. And Channel 4 is, yeah, see. Yeah. Like Tom said, you know, move to Lakeland. You'll find out a lot of what's there. It's not really that tough, you know. Okay. Because you look on here. Or you're going to see Tony Segretto without the suspenders. You know, you're on a TV. Okay. And you see Dave GAME covering the screen blanketing your school. You know where you're on. They took him off the air. Yeah. They did it. Yeah. Because they wanted to just see the new Ben Bat News anchor. He was kind of blocking the. He that I must get a satellite dish. Yeah. And I did. Yes. I did. Great. I've had it for about almost two and a half years. You know, that Tom had a dish before I did even. Yeah. Almost talked you into it. Right. Yeah. And I really enjoyed it. It's very good. I just wanted to make that. In fact, Rich was the one that got me my first dish. illegally, of course, with some Arab from Israel. And then so that means Tom and you and I and Rich as four people. I want to go to a room. Scott, of course, can't afford a dish. I haven't got cable. Yeah. If he could afford. He can't even afford a set. Let's play for a few. Yeah. Now, I know you're kidding. I mean, you do do do you. Well, I'm sure the reading opening. So they be see liquor's plenty. So they don't have to keep sure the reason they've got the dishes. You don't want to sell that sports. Right. They do sports on the dishes. In fact, probably the first channel you got was GN. So you can see all the cup games. Because I know you were a big fan. I would you want to dish if you don't want to. I split. Oh, I didn't know they had it on there. You don't know channel for a couple of things. I mean, he's watching the Sundance channel. But didn't I see this hockey game a few weeks ago. And the puck was like glowing blue. Yeah. And they hit it and it goes, boom. And you could see it exactly how was it going to go. Hey, hit that was exactly how it went. Yeah. There's something you might be thinking about doing do the audio. The sound effects for the fox track. Yeah. That's exactly how it went. They just don't understand that they think that people don't watch the game. You know, this whole thing about not following the puck. They're on that many hockey fans. They have to develop hockey fans. They don't need blue lights around the game. Yeah. But everything that fox appeals to is like a prepubescent mentality. That's their whole idea. All of their program is presented at that level. So they figure even if it's a hockey game. They have to appeal to little kids. And the little kids loved it. Anybody over the age of 10 hated it because, you know, it just interfered with your enjoyment of the game. And it's like it was while they're watching a video game. I've never heard a hockey fan say they had a problem. No, the guy from John Shannon who produces hockey night in Canada said they've been doing their show for 50 years. They've never had one call from anybody saying, I can't see the puck. Why don't you do something? I can't follow the puck. But hey, that's fox for you. That's for more. Some problems. The whole in the book. Well, there you go. Speaking of fox. So anyway, it's 10. 54. He'll be out next year. 10. 54. W.Y.D. for almost 50 years. Mike's the Garza Bay Harbor. I'll look at that. He took the flash with him and he's on the floor. And well, I told you could be the next day of Capriita. The opinions expressed by the host, Gastric Hollers on W.Y.D. are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. Although U.I.O.D. programs are comfy right 1996 by W.I.O.D. Incorporated. No, say, recording for transgress. Maybe created or distributed without prior written consent. W.I.O.D. Incorporated. I have yours. Me, those cars. Okay. There's a little sample of our traffic that's coming up at the top of the R. Actually, that's our new criteria that you have to first of all, not speak for a good English, and you have to have a great ass. Or in the case of the morning traffic, I'd be a great ass. So, how do you like them? How is she going to report them driving slowly at the F-book? Very slowly and very carefully. And probably in heavily Spanish, so we don't understand it. We have a new traffic service that's, you know, it would met something new and different. It's called incoherent uninteligible traffic. But I never see. We never know if they're accurate or not, because you can understand what they're saying. And you can understand the un-the-disch. So, very interesting programming out of Mexico. Right. If you see some of that, you know. The only one, it watches Morella's Teller Wondo. Teller Wondo, but you know, you teller Wondo, what? Well, that's one of the channels. But that's not on, teller Wondo is the network. Well, yeah. But I mean, that's see, the, teller, it's gone. Unfortunately, that's the only channel I used to like with a music from Mexico. Teller. That's why discovered the Weasemagal. Of course. Right. That's where you see the music videos. music videos in this country are little you know why oh yeah way do you see the Spanish music videos uh oh yeah what oh my god what is that is that what are those on there I'm afraid to ask at this point. Mody Bell is bringing me something and putting it in my lap. Oh my god it's a it's a muddy bell cake look at the size of that thing. I hate those who need those goto. Oh my god look at the size of those cheeks. Is that what those even old girls they never saw an ass like that. Thanks thanks we'd heart in any language you're okay in our book. Wait and stay the way from Adam because he is just a small ring. What the day little Joey how you doing Joey? How's it going Neil? Great you got 30 seconds. Congratulations. Thanks. That's your 20 and I've been listening to you for 10 years. How about that? And you said when you're getting married by the way four months from yesterday. Oh I'll tell you how to see have you ever met the little Joey's fiance not as fiance. Oh brother what what does she's a knockout? Oh I'm telling you right now. Better than Mott about. Well I'm not going to say better she's equally outstanding and got almost as great of an ass almost. Yeah. She's very very very concerned about that every day she's asking me if it's getting bigger or if it's for and I hate you know you should be asking her that. No. But anyway. Have a great life and I'll see you up at the pizza loft where I have a big celebration tonight. Yeah we have a burning desire at the loft. Exactly I'll make sure I bring a lighter. Okay see you Joey thanks. See you Henry. Hey listen don't bottom up. Huh. See you Neil at the bottles almost empty so I get a good other. Okay. I'm sure Mikey's got some reserves for you. Yeah. Mike and Ron would love to have dropped by but they had a previous bottle. Yeah. In the prone position. Okay thanks Henry. And Tom. So I'm chicken. Where are you when we need you? WioD Miami Fort Lauderdale. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Friday you bastards. Neil wakes me up in the morning. Neil wakes me up with a smile. Drink my coffee. Bunchin' down my donut. We feel for the night. Get ready to go to school with Neil We're set up for the child I'm just working by Wolfe with a darling Neil We're set up for our body dial Oh, whether So that was just a second, so many of what we heard are here That great travel show was just a special for an Irene Rachel Yes, I'm just a... I won't be in town to hear the... Oh look at that, you know something I can actually eat that now Wonderful show You know it just dawned on me You're not all about this, that can's diet, do you? Well you don't need it But anyway, the bottom line is I can eat all this stuff Now as long as I don't eat the bun, you know it's great It's on the atkins, it's okay Well you never were into buns To have eating That's true Yes, Adam on the other hand That's right It's heavily into buns, especially if they're attached to muddy bell Look at that, he's just drooling all over himself Get him a spittle cup or something, will you? Incredible Oh my god, and now look at this, we... I knew he'd muscle in here somewhere This is a man who has made my life almost... Almost useless Almost, I don't even have time to seriously Have you ever had a situation where you go home and you even have time to slip a far out I mean when you walk in the door And the phone is ringing this man If there's anybody who needs to get a life This is the guy right here, Rimmer Nice call on the game last night too By the way, look at this signed by Luke Robotie Look at that, my good-closed personal friend So where's Luke? This is a good start Where the hell is Luke? Look at the size of that thing It's a hockey stick sign autographed Personally the Neil happy 20th anniversary Your friend Luke Robotie, I always knew he was my type He told me to get a hobby, right? I got a hobby And what's your name? There you go, great Where's my bill? I want you to stand up for this one Too bad we're not on television Yeah? What is it? Oh that's beautiful That's a panther's jersey with my name on the back And what's the number on it? 20, Luke Robotie number on the back That's a beautiful thing, I can see that was bad I should have said with Brian Scrootlems number on the back Yeah, he's going to be with us I've got a kid in Brian, it was just a joke They're going to retire the number now Because you're going to wear it I would think so, especially you Put it on, especially if you're not here You're going to get a shot The worst I've ever seen in my life And the lines have been the most up-knocked What do you mean put it on? Are you or put it on? Yeah, if this on, stick it up your ass Put the jersey on We want to get a picture with the jersey on I think this was one more time Your name on it Actually, actually, it was really jersey It was worn by Denise Actually, Dennis's store Makes all the jerseys for the panther And they got to put it on Denise Potfan, his store made this for me Well, courtesy the Florida Panthers Oh, the Florida Panthers Panthers, right From who knows who's responsible for this Great Boris and the Panther hockey club What is it? Oh my god, look who we got here It's old sour grapes himself Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to all of that you birthday Is that a grocery, grape pie you doing? I can't believe it I can't believe it I can't believe it I can't believe it I can't believe it Do you hear I like that? Remember just brought me an autographed look Robotized to cut it like that Oh, it's got a mask on it And I told him where to stick it Yes, got one of those big heavy max max on it Now listen, I want to tell you something Okay, can I tell you something cherry? Sure Will you stop with all this baloney alibi? I'm watching I'm in tears Every day of the week that leaves I haven't won a game since before Faster you it was a baby And every week you come on there on that damn show yours And you're saying wow there are little bit tight There's squeezing something to it But I don't think it's the sticks You know what I'm saying down What are there squeezing something real tight? Okay What are they squeezing? I don't know I can't say it on the air But you can use your own imagination Hey there's sticking the joint I'll talk about a choke on What the hell is this? Frank, remember have you ever seen a team get tough breaks like those guys? Frank, I'm telling you I'm a leafman too A closet Yeah right I think it's the first and foremost But I'm really not going to Bring up these clothes and hide in the closet Wow hey That's actually Neil But I got these potman You know the way they seem to lose I mean they're winning in the third period And they're giving up bad goals I'd watch in hockey a lot Time I have never seen a team Up two not the three was Yep For about two months now Yeah They get stupid penalties At the wrong time I mean it's incredible They never got it You know what's the wild you might get an easy goal right? Yeah Never No lucky bun They're like a lot of guys I know Grape City just keep blowing it Don't worry about it Did I say it? Same thing is squeezing it right? Right, it's very close Very similar So now we got this big trade They finally got rid of some of the dead weight They're yesterday they got rid of that big Goon Sergio Molesso and Poor Billy Burgwebs And the same since Peter says All in Mark Osborne left And I don't understand the mess So I hear you just lift the tout It's making close to a million bucks Yeah It's the same as if he didn't care I'm projecting that he goes to New York and he turns it on I mean he I don't understand the guy He just looked like he didn't care Big deal That's right He didn't care They grapes the leaflucks going to change Because you know the Toronto Maple Leafs are sending Neil First 20th anniversary A Jersey autographed by the whole team with a number 20 on it All right Bob Pulfers old number Oh yeah And after only three years of begging He's finally getting me a tape for Would Bill Hugh would on here from the 67 Stanley Cup You don't even set him up When I was doing we won the Memorial Cup Dolly Hugh and we did his first broadcast Back in 51 52 Really Yes back and he was the broadcaster So I just thought it's true that it's He said you saw to your hero When you better keep working on it Hall of Fame thing for me grapes Because you know if you don't get it I already got the swivel mouth working on it Up there in Montreal now you know Dick Irvin Oh yeah I got a whole dick Irvin working on it We hit him on here and he agreed with me He said he's sitting on the he's on the committee And he's going to put the name on the table And he says I'm absolutely right It's a grotesque oversight and he says Don't count on that charity to get it done He'll never get it done Me with the Hall of Fame They don't let me near it I'll tell you that You know where grapes is calling Or where we got him We got him in L.A. He and Rose wrote in Los Angeles The do hockey night in Canada Saturday night And talked to Timmy yesterday at home Don Yes He told me where you're staying There aren't Beverly Hills you'd really treat Rose well this way It's not why not You only go through this way once I was with my McLean last night right Yeah He orders caviar 120 bucks to match And that I played a whole week But I was in the American League for a lot And that wasn't rhyme McLean This was Doug McLean I knew there was a reason we pulled it up And that came last night We didn't have no coach on the bench He was out there with Sherry How about what do you not going to ask me about Well, that's what I was going to get to What's going on I don't want even waste now You go ahead and say what you want I would even waste my time with that guy I'm so sick and tired There's some real good articles that they were Quentin from my last night It's about time somebody ripped him and asked I'm tired of his greed I'm tired of this bull crappier He scored a goal last night Big stick in deal Wayne Gretsky is a shadow of what he used to be He's divisive He sits around He tells the general manager in a coach Who could be on the team and who can't be on the team I hope my keen and get all of them Or grief from him Just like they got in L.A. And by the way, look how great L.A. was with him The last however many years Look how they stumped the joint out the last couple of years What did I say? In addition to which if you remember three years ago Which I know you remember when he When he cheap shot at your buddy Dougie Gilmore They were in a playoffs in at six game And she had a five minute major And wound up staying in the game And scoring a winning goal in overtime That's your buddy Wayne Gretsky I'm stunned So as a leafspan he can blow it out His ass, how do you like that? I'm stunned I can't say a word I cannot stop that one Remember because you know it's all true That's why So listen, get, get, get, get Now also I don't want any more bad news On my anniversary here And look at the food port in here I wish you could be here to see this You just pass out Let me ask you something You guys are in L.A. Which pisses me off You should be in Dallas now K. should always be wherever the leafs are playing Forget about those frogs Okay, we don't have you Hey, listen to this one Now don't tell me that Collean Harry Niel are with you guys in L.A. And are doing that second game Don't they're not? Oh thank you Are down in doubt Oh thank God for that I don't know what I'm doing out here But it rolls one of the vacation So I'm out here Oh that explains it There you go And it sounds not shining Yeah, well listen Tell my tell Pat Burns that they better win When it's said I'm surprised he's still there You know because you know he's going to blind to be in the guy that's going to take the fall I don't think so No No, I think that I love Pat Burns Yeah, he's going to be there Honestly, I'm not making excuses for the But I have never seen that I never thought I got news for it I got news for it Grapes Calgary is on a verge of catching I'm going to peg his got three games in hand They're going to catch him You know they're not going to make the playoffs If they don't win one sometime this year You know they're going to make the playoffs And they're going to make some noise If not you fall me up and break me like you did Just did great thing Okay, I'll make noise like you never heard of them Don't make it this year Well listen, happy anniversary And many more of them and keep going Keep squeezing those things We're squeezing them Grapes All right, okay, thanks Good room There goes Don Cherry I like we always say Toodleoo that pushes up his image Those Canadians go nuts when he says that Look at look at the food And here if you look at the size of that cake I have never seen anything that big since J.C. walked out Look at the size of that It's been great we've just been eating up a storm While I was not with Don Cherry Yeah, it's like all times all the way It's really fucking sports and you're eating Oh, we've the food is unbelievable See there you go And now you're done Oh, I'm done with what? No, but I'm doing a spot so just keep eating Okay, 11 16 and Wiod. Deep The 610 Wiod He's loaded with Miami Grand Pre-Tickets And today from noon to 1 PM We'll hand him out free at Hooters Town and Country Center in Kendall Free tickets to see the any cars Noon today at Hooters in Kendall From news talking in her payment radio 610 WIOD Thanks, Sam Maria What is it? Hopefully it's worth a lot of money And I can get on here Oh look at that So whoo Is that from Orphiato's by any chance Actually I made it myself I happened to be listening to you Look at that Yeah It didn't take too much On the bottom it's like a caricature of me Made out of what would you call it? What is it? It's clay Like I said, it's made out of a clay thing And it's on a stain I'm sitting on what is it that I'm sitting on It's a cup I'm sitting on a cup Once worn by Luke Robotie Right? And I got the mic in my hand And on the bottom it says 20 Oh Look at that Isn't that a beautiful thanks to Maria that's for a sweet Thank you Thanks so much So that's a beautiful thing Now what have we got on here We got a celebrity collar Anybody could do a Neil Rogers kind of show And say dirty words That kind of broadcasting Has appealed to a certain element That I do not desire to appeal to And who could blame me? Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello I can barely hear you I'm out of good luck I'm out of good luck I have to learn what you want for the DJ Happy to learn I have to learn anything you want What do you want? What do I want? I'm out of an airplane Yeah? My life It's Larry It is Larry Larry Can I ask you one thing? Well Blommie says to you But it's blowing you What is it? It's blowing you Larry Blommie says to you Where the hell are you on your way to? Alright Now, hey, what are you going to do out there? Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey If you can hear how this sounds on here, Larry Listen to this Larry It's Larry and a blender Larry King and it's Larry Seriously, this is a voice connection I've heard by life Listen Larry Can you hear me? I hear you Can you hear me clearly? Because you sound like you're at a goddamn wrongful pill of a vigimatic Oh, Larry Played, played, played, played, played, played Alright Hi guys Hi guys Listen, are you, are you, is this the plan of dropping Pappy Canon or in over the Grand Canyon? Alright, let me check Alright Make sure you do a good job, Larry We got there Patrick Johnson, do you want that? Do you? We're doing great 20 years Isn't that something? 20 years of all this Filth and perversion not a radio And you love every second of a good job Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait Don't you love a Larry? No Larry, say you love it No, no Come on Come on, Larry I wanted a apology for what Huh? See, every time I try to put him on his spot All of a sudden, continually, you can't hear it anymore I do like that Larry Larry, can you hear me? Larry I demanded a apology for what you said about green Oh, I can do that Larry? I will, I'll give it to you What is it? Who is one? Who's the bad one? Who's one? See, there we go again Thanks a lot, Larry You're the best, baby Bring us back all that body's sweetheart Okay, there's Larry King That was really him That was really Larry King Can you believe that? Is this all? No, no, no Oh, yeah, Larry King does the worst Congressionalatory phone call He's a radio Yes That's absolutely correct Come on, Larry, give me an apology I will not give it to you Come on, what a sororous That was Larry King, can you believe that? Well, you know something See, if we could have had a conversation If he could have heard me, I'd have said Hey, you're good friend, rumors here Waiting here about that good job, you got him Yeah, well, that's another one He can tell you about jobs from Larry King But never materialized The Grandhouse is going for you Hey, how are you doing? Grandhouse, yeah And what is that? How many meals can I eat? Oh, lobster, tails and scallops Well, that's beautiful, okay Thank you so much, my amigo Thank you Look at that, I got lobster tail We got scallops, we got the weenies And from new age design, graphic New age design, graphics We got a bunch of buttons Who's back? Larry Oh, can I hear him now? Larry I hear Oh, there you go, I can almost hear you now I'm going to move around the plane Yeah, well don't move too much I don't know, can I ask you not Good doctor, no more And I can't pull from the plane Yeah, sounds like the plane landed Anyone in the neighborhood still looking at over the wanking? You're still in the air? I'm in the air How about the plane? Good question, man Now you didn't really say The worst talk radio I've heard in my life was on WOD You didn't really say that, did you? I did, I can't believe that station Except for you, Neil I didn't know what I was doing I didn't know it I didn't know what I was doing This is the one I'm in Miami Where the gentleman is, here is Bob Green, if I Bobby, you know something Bob is still Wiping the tears from his eyes from the last conversation We said we got Larry King on the phone He's in the other room right now weeping like a woman Seriously, he is I'm going to his office, but Are you? In about four or five years he's not old enough yet How about going to his brist that would be even better? What the guy asked to know in those 1000 horses, right? Yeah, Phil Henry He's a shame to his own Huh? He's a shame to his own Yeah, he's a shame to his own voice That's right Right How do I feel? I feel like my thuslan a bad day That's how I feel I feel like I just sat down with you Katt's and Tine at WKAT And started my first day and I went to the first national bank on Alt & Road And she said, you feel rich now, Neil For 215 bucks a week, that's how I feel Incredible What was your first break? Listen to this little thing I went to work and knocked on doors and got a job of a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida I did everything I was a idea, I did the board, I did rock, I did sports, I did news, I did everything Cleaned up, cleaned up, I did everything Is that true? Yeah, when you play those tapes Yeah, obviously, 30 years thick and you have it repeated Yeah Why did you do that over and over? For emphasis, we want to make sure they don't write what you do something new Our audience is a little bit slow, we want to make sure they catch it to 40 or 50 a time 15 years old Exactly Why the cops are 10 years old Okay, top 10, that's good, they'll start ripping off David Letterman That would be good, that's a reason Hey listen, there's a guy here that wants to talk to you You're going to pee in your pants right there under plane when you hear this voice How are you Larry? Larry? Larry? Well, I said Larry, how are you? Who is that? How should they forget? Oh, you're hot, you're hot, you're hot You're hot? You're hot? You're hot? Right, it's the groom, mama Where am I? Where are you doing it to you? I came to see my good friend Neil Rogers Where did I go, he like? And not all I have much in our Larry, don't get carried away I knew he likes him, when he liked you Hey, can't beat it, join it We scored the last minute, sorry to you I know I thought you'd beat here last night Oh, now he's in capital span Now he's in capital span, we all of a sudden we they got lucky And got a point now it's we, nice going Larry I'm honored to recaptured another cap, we're a little bit Yeah, he's on a very cap Yeah, you're in that Craig Baruba, you make a good pair I'm going to come down and do weeks with spring training And I'm coming to the Rogers studio Alright, I'll pick you up and bring that to deal I'm inviting you right now, any time you're at town you come here I'm coming you, make yourself coming up here, I'll feed it We'll feed you, we'll get the from the Villa Deli on the Walden Road On a beach, we'll bring it the best deli you've had since that crazy place you keep plugging on here And it'll be a real it'll be a picnic I'll be at the very green hill Thanks Larry, okay, don't drop, don't drop Pat too hard There he goes, can you can you believe that? Very unusual, that is the most, very, um, yeah This is the most bizarre phone call in 20 years Seriously, it took me 20 years What is it that he said? What did he say? He was even kissing my ass He never says anything He was either green He said you were the only good one after saying you were the radio And now he's going to come to a show with you That is just It felt dull The worst talk radio I've heard in my life was on WOT Yeah, yeah The worst talk show host in America I read it in the papers The worst, I read it quote There were quotes in the papers We have to tape, we've filled played it only 600 times again Yeah, we got to tape The worst talk show he's ever heard is that he arrived your show You can't play that tape too many times And the worst line I've ever heard was Don't be frustrated Right Won't that be great today? He's incredible I got to do a break by the way Because we're only here to get the spots in, okay? But we got distracted Which Larry It was well worth it at twice the price By the way, what is this? This is a bag of a Neorodger's 20 years I got a button Yeah, it's coming to you From Neorodger's design graphics I put on a cover that's a beautiful thing 3196 Great, thank you guys Whoever that is, there's Book of Brian is in there Look at that guy Look at that trippy guy in there And, good to see you Hey, I'll get to you Just relax, okay? I didn't even recognize you with that spot See you out for you, got on Go buy some clothing So anyway, it's 1127 at WOT Let me... I'm just talking entertainment radio 610 W-I-H-O-D By the time I get through the next couple of minutes She is going to have to pick every scab Off that futureed, tough-filled body of hers, alright? Nobody rips the other So I'm going crazy on this Yes, because this has got to stop You make me sick, Pat, you bitch God, how is it possible to be so stupid, Pat? Nobody rips the other side I'm just gonna do I love the girl I'm gonna do You idiot, you asshole, you? Baby is the best Well, sing this, you fat slob I'm gonna take this cord And I'm gonna shove it right up his ass, okay? And I'm gonna shove this thing so far up his butt That he's gonna be sick of the different tools And I get through them But we have a longer cord than his piece of cramp Look at this Look how short this damn thing is We've got 100 assholes running around this building They can find another one besides him Follow, maybe not that big Don't get it out of there, go pull a cord somewhere Go do something Pull what in your case a good question, okay? God Nobody rips the other side Don't start looking once again as always To blame fat old Neil for whatever you're upset about And disgusting nauseating old swamps Old crabby old bitchins Neil if you don't repeat You're gonna split him out of here Yeah, I'm gonna split it wide open You know I'm gonna split it wide open You're gonna split it wide open your skull with a nail If you just do put old bitch There we go Now we're cooking What did I just get through talking about It was old bags We don't watch you, lady, okay? Go get some knitting out Go find some passport Both of you Some Okay, thanks to Adam, we're either she is a little long Guitar man is here, bulk of Brian Guitar man's actually got his guitar Just keep eating first though for a second or two Who is this? This couldn't be Gregory Benjamin but you delk it Hi, this is asshole I listen to Sunny Fox so I can hear the word deal Roger's on some words Oh, alright How you doing, brig? I'm doing great What now what's up? Now here's the guy who's straighten out all these stories If he's permitted to speak, what's the ideal? Gary's coming to our station Gary? Gary Goose? Gary yes Yeah We're a family member of the room And that's the prevailing rimmer I met him by the way I was one of the MCs of the Panthers Preseason Bank wouldn't focus Yeah, nice guy Yeah, he is an ice guy rimmer and he said to me You know that view del he's the biggest asshole I remember that guy and he didn't say that He said next to these Denise potpain He's the biggest asshole So you're going to OVV Well, it's now WCLP Well, whatever it is, make no difference Those those pickers didn't know from call letters For the meantime, I'm going to be the prime time of Fairbank Communications I'm going to do JNL and the country station I'm going to work with Gary What do you mean by that? I'll be on JNL in the morning in the country station I'm at that So, boy Gary is not doing a show Yes, he is. He will be working the morning show You just got through saying you're doing a morning show on JNL Are you being like a little bit evasive here? No, no You're doing a morning show with boy Gary? For a while Yeah And then I'm going to be doing some other stuff He's going to become the co-host The co-host was home Uh, Jim Edward Is Skyler still there? Yeah, why don't you just take Jim Edward's out and shoot him There you go Yeah, Skyler said he's got a present for Jim Edward's Yeah So this sounds very bizarre, but of course So we have Greg's arguing now By the way, this is my first anniversary with JNL today And March 1st is 17 years My first show is off Yeah Well, guess what Greg? I don't want to sound insensitive, but nobody cares You didn't get no call from Larry King, Greg No, I didn't Did you hear that? Yes, I did What do you make of that? What are you talking? For the first time in 20 years I will confess I'm totally speechless I don't know whether to scream or reach a kid about Anna I don't know what to say I thought it was a fake I really I thought it was going to be filled doing Larry King's voice There's no fool in Larry King I mean you heard that voice There is no question about it Do you know what I'm saying? No doubt in my mind Yeah And of course, who else would be poppison To be called from a plane on a way to LA? So what's your expected Jerry Bruce? The Major asshole Not the worst What's the worst? I don't understand I want the worst, I want to introduce you to Steve Nickel Hey, listen, I've already worked I want to introduce you to Steve Nickel If we can get him off the floor I don't have to stand up Hey, I got a lot of damn I drank He's so, you know something he's locked inside his office right now Celebrating my 20th anniversary by himself He's having a little Henry Barrel party You got to understand I've already worked for David Roth and Steve King Anybody be worse than that Yes I don't believe that How'd you like all the nice things Steve said about me in a paper the other day? How'd you like that except for a couple of minor character flaws I'm sorry I can't be perfect like you are Steve but I'm working on it Okay, I'm working to correct those minor flaws Well listen, I got one request today Would you play that little piece of him going with that Where he's stammering away Because I love that I love that I was just a gentleman You don't mean Mr. Rigo do you? Yeah I wouldn't see, isn't it interesting We're near he called in and Henry and the whole gang from Waxy How come we haven't had a call from anybody of O'Nescoz It's probably Paxon Because I know that Steve would be just dying to call it over here Just tell me what your problem is Even Norman became a Christian for him Now is noodles? Yeah right sure Is noodles going to be on his show with you tours No this is just a thing It sounds evasive to me is what it is Me, evasive And when you say what should you expect from boy Gary does that mean you really haven't had the opportunity Is he there yet? No It's a matter of fact I heard a story that one reason was taking a while to get down Is that there were no hotel rooms available in town to put him up in Yeah And that was the laying Or maybe there were none that would accept him No sounds more likely to me Well I don't want you to go away would you hang on for a minute? Yes Because I want you to speak your old friend He's got to take a leak or something or something even more serious But I definitely want you to speak to you and O'Hoo And who would that be? Does that explain to you? Hang on, I said don't go away All right Please Okay, he'll know where is he? See he's taking a something Okay, probably a big one Okay, let's oh Mark Jacobson Here's another superstar Are you doing that Neil? Great boy that new spot you guys got that one really blows mark You want to say hello Hello, I do like it at the end where you got that thing screwed in through Don Cox's body That's kind of good That is kind of good I thought you'd like to be part of that commercial It's a good thing you lost someone to wait you never gotten all the way through him You're right about that Hey, let me tell you something Your mother was probably wrong You do have a career in this radio stuff Yeah, she's a full of it He was a professional co-ed, and she ought to enjoy that car I bought a recandal toy to two by the way That's right I understand she isn't trying it She loves it She's got like one of those little old yentip bows on the antenna too So, I'm telling you what I'm talking about This is quite a career you got going here I mean I'm listening to this on radio On the telephone Yeah You get on You caught me in the middle But if they'd catch my interest now The pus on the grid No, I give you something about the pus on the gun I don't know, pat or something I don't think it was pus, you may have been similar But I don't think it was pus Well, you know, what do you like and not And you're going to call you every 20 years And I'm just going to howng it at death Outstanding And you see who's in the other room I'm sorry, do you see who's in the other room? Do you see that? A bell Beechless, I understand Yeah I have somebody else who'd like to say hello to you Okay He's a very good friend of yours And he's the former fat-bond cock He's now thin-doney Really? Yes, so I'm going to put him on the phone Tell me better courts to take it Those pills because I get it Every time he stands up, they keep falling out I get my best And we are looking forward to having you On my army tonight Because every time we have everybody goes crazy That's why I'm screening my calls now By the way, thank you for the help And thanks for making us number one here And I'm glad you're number one Thanks Mark Hey, here's the one Okay Here's number one I think I can put up with 20 years in this town on the radio Yeah, I've got to be You know, some kind of children Has got either be Britain or Stubborn Where do you go? You know, we both have been called both Yeah, you've been called a few things Cox Yeah, well, most of them were true Exactly Most of which I can't say on the air Oh, yeah, right Hey Cox Hey Cox, it's Tom Cox, how you doing? Who's that? That's the bird Oh, hey, bird How you doing? Good doing fine So he drugged you out for the 20 years Yeah, we drugged him Yeah, well, I knew bird I shouldn't have said that to you Should I do that? It was just a bad play on words We drugged him, that was bad I just didn't got it Yeah, yeah I knew the couldn't resist the opportunity to be back on the radio With you at any moment I don't think he's leaving I think he's going to stick around for next week Don't say that You're going to get people riled up in this building Now be careful He brought a sign it's his will will cackle for food Well, he's done that before Yeah, he has It's successfully too We don't seriously have to be 20 Thanks, John You deserve all the evolutions Okay, all right, so don't stop Too fast that I died Oh, okay You don't have any of those cocks suckers laying around there Do you have an open line of data So here he is I'm back with you, Delna I would want, I would Oh, hi Greg Hi Ha ha ha Try to control yourself Just a little bit Who is this, Glenn? Yeah Hey It just felt like a prick Ha ha ha Hey, shall we share some Irene Richards memory She's in the building, Greg Yes, we speak I Neal is speechless I got to go now Ha ha Yeah, that's why Glenn was downstairs And had that effect on all of us It really is Irene Richards Oh, wow What a day Incredible And then I heard a rumor that you're going to do country Greg That's correct Man Is this a day or one It really is Well, thanks for hanging out for that great conversation with the bird What the compelling incident line Hopefully your material in the morning will be a lot better than that Oh man Nice, Greg Oh See ya I appreciate that I got there's like all this party going on out in the hall Is there a shit? Yeah, what he looks like he had a head start on it too Nice to outfit there, what he So anyway, it's 19 Delna Wiod Six to Wiod news is watching South Florida We're watching the White House and Congress We're poised for what Evan's next Lopez news He was talking in her tent But he was six to out Wiod Well, he sure hasn't lost it as he You ought to see the squeeze he just put on our ring here Man Man, it's America you can still breathe Take some oxygen some helium for one of those balloons before you pass it Oh, boy, did you put the squeeze on her? Even Larry King never put the squeeze on anybody like that So what he graper is here? What do you got for me? What do you hopefully something really good? Really, really good, really good Yeah, if I might take some time I'm the half of my client, Martin Erhol and the other Dutch airline That flies seven days a week out of Miami International Airport Direct to Amsterdam We'd like to congratulate you on your 20th anniversary In the South Florida radio market You've consistently provided your listeners with a quality format That is reflected in your longevity and popularity In honor of this accomplishment and in gratitude for all you have done over the years to encourage tourism to Amsterdam and Holland Martin Er is proud to present you with tourism where to Amsterdam Yeah Yeah Martin Erhol, what do you keep reading? Martin Erhol and his proud What a beautiful day Is proud to present you with two star class tickets around trip to Amsterdam To be used at your agreed upon date And additionally while you were in Holland we'd be pleased to introduce you to Dutch radio We are sure they have never heard anything like you before Or probably ever will again When ever you would not be in the contract Because they actually speak at any lace-up there Oh, you'd fit right in Thank you, thank you so much That's a beautiful thing Don't you think you're happy to do that Don't you think you'd fit right in? I would fit right in Yeah, be real happy Yeah So CD and weedy, that would be great Now who we got on there now? Oh my god, now you're going to be impressed by this Hello Hey there, how are you? Great, Gary And I'm happy 20th to you Thank you so much And I hope that you still have some of those old suits for me Because I knew that how we worked well together Exactly Well, I'd always dressed for success You did, you did, but And I have a lot of those successful dresses Still in my closet Yeah, well bring them up Bring them up You look at that Don't you know who this is? I can't place the voice Gary Oh, you can't place who's at the bird There A lesson bird I'm here You did, it's Don't you remember Larry? Larry? I'd say that we used to be poor when he used to drive in Late in the morning at 3rd or so Gary, it's been so long I haven't heard your voice It's so long, I couldn't place it I'd try it all right I'd sort of happy about that Not really bird I listen, you got to hear me You take a shot at me Well listen, look at all the shots Like Neil said, you guys took it me for all those years Oh, it was all in fun I absolutely right So Neil is 20 years Yeah I think I think I think I have to do time I think I have to do time Everybody we used to work with together Keeps calling you up Are they all working now? Good question What was that? All his ex-employee Well, I hear cocks, I heard you down That's right They were all under your thumb I'll listen, I want to congratulate you to a great job of your traffic people are doing Well, I'm glad I don't have any other stations that have a brain Huh? I'm going to play like now like Larry Yeah So I'm flying over You know, I want to make sure that you got Get all the traffic Well, our traffic guy's not in a Plainey's in a broom closet He's taking addiction lessons as we speak I know that We're something to do with Dick It's so to speak Right He's scary, it's great here from the end Of course we're talking to you And you have another good 20 years And you always points for making your traffic Look so good now See you, Gary Bye He has the skywalk Yeah, whatever that traffic thing was we had And we just blew it off and put these people These bosos Now, Merra Bell's not a bosos She just can't speak any glaze But the other guys are real bosos I am impressed at that call Very impressed Which one? Gary Lawrence? Larry King Oh, well, thank you Tell where you impressed by that call Randy Now, Irene is making gagging She's got her finger down her throat To her asperatus He's like an albatross around your neck That's what Stanley did He used to say Yeah Yeah He's just It is true, Greg is like a bad penny He just went into thinking he's gone forever He just keeps showing up again It's just something about it Well, you think you finally have ridded your Don't take it personal Greg unless you want to I think he is over that phase though I think he's over that phase I think he's over that phase I think he's over that phase You talk about paranoia running deep Oh, man Oh, man Wait till boy Gary comes up to you Greg and says, by the way Don't worry about that picture You're going to take for your book here The scrapbook Because you won't be here anyway By the time it comes out Don't worry about any publicity Shots because you don't need anybody Because you won't be on here That kind of stuff You know, to be honest, you don't need anybody Because you won't be on here That kind of stuff You know, to build your confidence Just ask Randy about that The goddess, she'll tell you Uh-huh So anyway, it's 11 till noon at Wild For... Use talk Get entertainment radio 610 W-I-O-D Okay, they said Steve couldn't make it Because he was busy talking to old people He's not the new for him But norm can't Now we're to how to normal go I mean, norm go And the great war thing is here Now you do realize by the way They should be having a thing We're giving them a slid-a-mething Over there And a microphone too You've been on here in this market longer than I have Yeah, but I've... You talk about old people I'm the one who's labeled with old people Not Steve, you know? Yeah Your ego might start up even more A salary king's call That was a great call Got some old people I've seen his numbers And he made... He'd be talking to old people But a very select group of them I'll tell you that small group But he said good things about you And he does paper And I said good things about him That's true I do respect the fact that he's taking like a Not existent facility there And he's trying to not a living And do a lot of trade-outs And got the baseball cards And he's manipulated He's doing great The rest of us, man He's doing great You ought to be under in the daytime But I don't want to say no No, no, I belong I like nights You really do How do you manage with no single Get bigger numbers than they have During the rest of the day They're correct I really like that I really like that You're lucky that you got all those very Loyal old farts I mean, that's what I mean I don't mind Those old farts have kept me in this market I remember the day And it was said We worked together for two years at KT Two great years we had a tremendous time And I left and went to WNWS And I was listening to you one day When we just started over there on Flagver Street Right And I'm pulling up in front of the station And you're going on in the air about old people What's wrong with talking to old people For quite a lot of old people Other cream in the end They're craving the crap Let's roll with tight old girls Going to old friends What's wrong with tight old And you were branding and raving And you were so upset Because evidently somebody on our Maybe I did it maybe who knows About KAT was strictly the altercalker station It was nothing but a big people Had to pay you Had to pay you Just pulling and you went on and on And on it was great On as long as I live I'll never forget that But I had five great years at KAT I really did And I remember when you first came in So you were there But yeah, you were there after But how long were you there before I came Since I got there And the first March of 75 I guess And I got fired out of the new people Came and I lasted a year Out of the new people came in But I remember when you came in And by the way, you'll have to stay outside This is for broadcasters Oh my god Carvelle happy 20. Thank you Carvelle Thank you for your profusely We love Carvelle We love Tom Carvelle And all the Jewish owners You were making $215 I think the first came I was making 400 And I was so proud of that Fact and here you are today I think you're up there with some of the Sports stars and your figures And I'm still making the same amount of money That's why I'm down here to maybe Mootchuk, hop up up up up up up up up up up Yeah but you live fru-gly and we got some free food Here we are, so what else wrong with that? I'm the one I'm on a diet I'm the one I have to do You've done well, you look great I was thinking the other day about one day You were doing a spot about arching legs It was spot was you remember that? You were having a memory or what? The spot was for some serious Atrium spots you were having a studio Crank is on the air And he's doing a spot one of these Gerry Atrium things for some Crack product for people with aching legs And he says Friends, if you have arching legs And at that point We had a big roof That would be a big dream Remember with drapes on it And I was holding the drapes I was laughing so hard I had a hole myself up in falling on the floor And here's this poor man Trying to finish the spot on the air And just as red in the faces you are now That's how red you were The tears were rolling down your cheeks It was great You know for 250 bucks a week It was at least a good time You know No, by the way my daughters and radio up And all of a new York And I was talking with the last night And both my kids always loved you But my daughter wanted to send along her Congratulations well to you That's great You got two great kids I told her just they off the air Although you proved the opposite With one Being on the air I'm one of those people that tell people Who want to go into radio Don't be a ghost I always tell them that Do anything but be a talent But again there are people like you And the Howard Stearns of the world And the Larry Kings who proved just the opposite They're the Kings That was a great call by the way though What do you make of it? What do you say? I don't have a bones but Yeah What do you say after hearing that call? I mean, I'm a sitter And I know something And he will when he's down here His ego is big enough He will come in here Oh yes Well he's you know I only met him once and it was right here I know How to do a talk show Yeah I use one of you Yeah Tell me when I met her up thing Me so horny Yeah Go ahead Are you done Larry? No Go ahead Go ahead Go ahead You used to have a guy named Brother Ted Whitesold Do you remember him? He was a faceier Absolutely Another one of your quack guy I'm not in JC Do you remember then we'll be the boys in a band Yes And they gave a hero to his birthday present Here at JC is my anniversary present I'm taking him home He doesn't know it yet Go ahead I'm sorry Does he look like Brad Pitt or what? No Okay Yeah you do But anyway go ahead So he's what every one His producer called me up and said He said that King wanted him on us a guest He was the over here at the quarter to 12 He was midnight then And I had my guest over here at quarter to 12 Yeah And he came out and said he knew nothing about it And didn't want me and he acted towards me Like I was done under his feet That was my one meeting with him Yeah Right That's like Larry I think Larry I think that Craig should get an apology for that I will I give it to you Okay Same old heart But he calls on the phone This is now Are you familiar with a call at the fuel Henry did it Phil made Larry look like an even Diggerast and bigger than ever he has in his life Okay even then naturally With that phone call with doing Bob Green's voice and crying on here This is like three or four weeks ago and Phil's been playing the tape It's like legendary from coast to coast And on this tape Larry says Neil Rogers is the worst talk show host I ever heard in my life Okay Very infatical and he goes on and on about In fact, we're the hell is what do I do with that thing We got it on tape all over the place where he's Everybody could do a Neil Rogers kind of show and say dirty words That kind of broadcasting has appealed to a certain element That I do not desire to appeal to What word did you say? Ascle So so and now he calls and kisses my ass Which goes to show you that there hasn't and there's not an ass that's been invented That Larry won't to tum Yeah, I agree with you But I think that he might not What are you laughing about? Nor am I heard the same about you too by the way He'll mock you Over here Norm stop following JC around the place And look at who is here Oh my god, you notice the timing of this Great minds work alike My 20th anniversary and the day before Sunny opens up the mark re-opens the market After all this treveil and this trauma that this man has survived If when you leave here if you want to pick up some great fruit Stop it the Sunny's The best fruits in town are its size So are you are you officially re-opened our what? Yes, you're officially Look at that He's the same the right complexion is the same I'm a fort one You may be that's right we'll get married We're gonna trade out he can bring in a few of bananas And marry him can do a little haircut or something Very good Incredible Okay, we're gonna do the news We're gonna do something man This is just beyond belief I'm still recovering from the Larry King call Yeah, I don't think I love the comment you made after immediately following the call What did he say? Yeah, I said hey Larry What word did you say? It's summed it up And it's still can't figure it out I can't I'm gonna have to go to a doctor to get his tongue separated from my ass Okay, we'll come back in to eat some more food The home of Neo Rogers What more can we say? WIOD my enemy fortlutter nails Use talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD I have yours me or those cars Okay, so anyway 12.05 WIOD who we got on the Bam, oh look at that Oh, who could this be? Unbelievable Oh my god Hi Neo Bill Tanner Congratulations Thank you so much God, cause you're a old birdbrent Your old friend is a here Hey Tanner Who's that? It's the bird Oh hi man Hey, how are you? Hey Bill, I saw you on network TV some time ago Was I in chains? Yeah Were you on it was it Mike and Maddie? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, I saw you Yeah, that was the front thing Yeah So here we are in Los Angeles, how's Miami? Are you in LA still? Yeah Oh my god Yep, still in LA I go back and forth You know spend some time in Miami But you spent some time in Miami Well, yeah Unfortunately, choice awards And Maddie used to work with you on the old morning show, right? Yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah And she was doing this TV show And they called me up and asked me to come down They played a surprise thing Oh, she didn't know I was going to be on Oh, so it was fun Yeah, so mate, you know I reenw Richard is here And I reen, so amazing So amazing Why reen? But this is like the history of radio Yeah, we had you, we had you dull on the phone a little while ago And I reen is still puke and her guts out Yeah, we're cleaning up the message And we're going to sing Tanner in the morning Oh great It's great I don't want to, yeah, I don't want to pick on Greg But at least Tanner was one of those guys Remember we used to call up all the other shows in the morning On Saturday we called up Tanner, we called up Sunday fine Right We even called up that hard ass joey And we used to have some, and then we called up you dull And he threatened the sue us for disrupting his show Remember? And I said, how do you disrupt that number one? And number two, you call out a show? But Greg, he's come along way since then He's up in Palm Beach, dazzling the troops up there He's doing all right Yeah, he's playing country Yeah, he really Yeah, he's finding his level So he's talking up to be cowboy Exactly It's a shocking day, isn't it? One day he may even ride side suddenly, and never know Just a joke, Greg B9 Okay So lots of people in the studio with you there that is? We've had everybody's been in Henry Barrow's and he was a bottle And unfortunately But the best part of it is it wasn't a joke That's the best Yeah It was like two-thirds empty and so was he at this point Yeah, I thought he had water in his boat He's driving home playing running on empty Yes, I thought it was colored water in it was a joke No, man, talk about a walking brewery Look at that, he looked a little for Georgia there too In fact, we're going to start a bonfire with that You can't be here, Poo It's amazing You fit right in Yeah, I'm sure I was Yeah, you fit in with this crowd They don't much think about that And then I just had an incoherent call The most amazing call in 20 years It's propitious at Happard on this day Larry King calling me in fact He's probably out his way to see it He's not as way to LA to kiss somebody's hands out there Boy, that's true Yeah, and He calls me, this is the same man who won a film Henry Show a couple of weeks ago He said, Neil Rogers is the worst talk show I've ever heard in my life Which he says because I keep ripping him all the time And playing all these bits like a little me $50 Yeah, I heard that And he calls here and kissed my ass We could barely understand it It sounded like Larry King and a blender And it was him It was really him and he kissed my ass I'm telling him I'm black and blue I'm going to have to go get his tongue separated from the cheeks Did he go to do an updated cut of slumber hit with dollars? Yeah, he in fact he kept saying I can't understand it That stuff you're playing in the background I wonder we got a bad connection What is that? I said, don't be thirsty though Yeah, I couldn't understand it He says why do keep repeating that stuff All of her and over again I said basically because you're an asshole He's the greatest He's the greatest Neil He just can't help himself He's just a compulsive ass liquor I read the quote in the paper With quotes in real hell Neil Rogers, we have it on tape The worst talk show The worst talk show hosties ever heard That they're ever the worst in American day Is in the paper yesterday Yeah Well, if that's the worst that it gets There you go Well Bill, it's great hearing from you Yeah, it's good to see I won't talk to you soon Neil And I'll be in Miami in weeks So I'll give you a call Wait a second, what is it? Oh Johnny Darks is high Great Co and I for me Yeah, can you believe in? Yeah, he goes he's real impressed He likes that music you're playing on the coast Not Beautiful Take care Bill Bye to you Talk to you soon Johnny Dark is coasting Now get a facts here I'll give you a clue What's from, okay? It's a great facts here's the clue Correct him How do you like that? Ha ha ha ha What do you like that? Where is he? Oh and it's also signed It's not only from Mitch Lewis He's on the Zeta Oh, is he? Yeah, you know I saw he's on Zeta You mean on the he's in it in Zeta I saw an ad presator on the TV Last night in Paul Castanoba It's on Morning He also signed this which I've got that point Oh, I'd buy the way I had an earlier facts That said they must listen to your show on Zeta The morning guys because this morning they had on Wait till you hear this George They had on Vinnie from Blossom Exactly They had on David Lashir Who plays Vinnie on Blossom That's all I requested for my 20th anniversary Oh, he hasn't shown up yet So I guess JC will have to be the stand-in You're not into the sit-in You're not into the Lawrence brothers? No, I'm not How come? I find Joey Lawrence to be very annoying and aggravating in the very New York You know what I'm saying? Well, I thought that was beside the point No, it's not It's the point in his case All right I just want to be clear on it I'm still losing it over Larry King All right, let's do a little piece of business Now, are you going to sing? Yeah, I've got to get to rest the guys Okay, let me do the break And then you come back to Tarmagra, it's a good tar You're also in on this Yeah, whatever your name is, Scott We're the traveling wannabes Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah In your case, there's no question about that Just Brian and I went to Oh, this is going to be a predi- And ameree as well Really? What a production that's going to be Wow, look at the little one And I'm looking for the free food Anyway, it's 11 past noon I bet you they don't feed you like this over in a light bulb People windows cheesy trade out restaurants You guys have got, I know what that's all about Anyway, that's a bad come I shouldn't say that Did I? They got some great places over there, right? They got the 14 best Steve has got the 14 best Italian restaurants in town It's just a joke Steve It's the quick smack in your lips when you do that spot You sound like a pansy okay Steve Cut it out You can get the Italian pasta for 69 cents Or the Italian olive oil for 1699 Was your choice the New York strip steak or the salmon steak for $499 Or something brown on your plate for $1.50 Phil Henry, 2 to 60 M on news, talk and entertainment radio 610 WIOD That will rise as if like a boy got to go and eat The S to the tuition is stride It's local goods stolen right around in the bed We got a radio show you the dress for the check After the anniversary to the old The only thing here is down that's for real The police are smiling around just to hear that Famous farting sounds around the act Can't sight take the crowd off your sandwich And like the funnest to Maryman Dutch Me, the Rogers, you're the best You really put my amy to the test The Rogers always gets no your day here The Rogers turns blind, has to do a bear The Rogers, the only thing I'll miss when I go The way for a weekend is that it's out of love What is that? Oh that's like real silverware, look at that What we got to sell it before you do your song Look who we got here We'll see DVDs for almost a champion Dog Great, Doug McClain and coach of the great Panthers We only got a point last night We'll take it anyway Listen, happy anniversary Thank you so much It's amazing, Don Shula 27 years, Neil Rogers 20 Right Doug McClain, six months And I understand Wayne Hysinger's right Me, out the same check he wrote to the Abrane stem I got to be great Listen, don't you keep me a carty but I still like him I'm no dick perten either But hey listen, there's always at least one dick in every market You want to go? Yeah, yeah You keep playing like last night You're going to have a lot of dick You know what I'm saying? I do a job on the bandwagon as soon as I go I'm not on the bandwagon, I listen I came on here yesterday I was pleading I was begging I said we got tickets left for this game I was there last night tears rolling down my cheeks Looking at an upper deck seeing those empty seats You know what I'm saying? Is there any ways in your such a knowledgeable hockey guy that you could slide down between periods The odd time just came in the odd tip? Yeah, yeah, I've seen the odd tip for two of my time No question about that Yeah, land last night You know, I mean you may the right movie you put the bees are in there And of course right away as soon as you let that first greasy goal And everybody said, yeah, we know he should have started Fitsy, you know These guys had a biggest bunch of second-guessent fools I've ever seen in my life Here's the guy's been in a league like he says six months He's got a team that's got 78 points That's right on the ass of the rangers Still ahead of those overpaid flyers And all of those tied with the Pittsburgh bank I could have let you and younger and Francis and all of those go over there And all they want to know is how come he started this one And these people as you're finding out real fast Doug They're not easy to please it only took me 20 years to find that out Oh, but I'll tell you it's really fine I really enjoy it down here and it's a pleasure But I'll tell you I'm lucky to have you as a big booster Oh boy, this is how much the suction was bad from Larry King before Doug Didn't we win last night? I beg you pardon Hey, listen, I said to Rimmer I'd fallen in lunch We didn't lose Yeah Anyway, I'm really happy for you You know Rimmer said you know it ties like Kiss and Denise Pac-Man That's what he said And I can't think of too many things more disgusting than that So how is the anniversary party going? It's great. It's dynamite Larry King called in before And we're trying to separate his tongue from my buttocks As we speak now it's it's unbelievable We got food here like you've never said don't share he called in this morning You missed that I'll bet You're kidding. Well I have to go on the ice I told you everybody to boss and check in the same as when I was down there And now we got better than that Not that we don't like Boston chicken We got even better than that and by the way We are guests today didn't stop on the way to pick up seafood either Or to pick up your car either on federal highway You know next time you come on an important show Doug you show up on time You don't come right in the here in the middle of an hour You know what I'm saying Dougie You know what I ought to do in a great job It was a thrill of the life time to be on with you and he'll just know Don't get the plundered That's what Rimmer always says The thrill of life I said we're actually reviewing your mediocre career I would believe it He's a biggest pain that he tries me I can't listen I can't even go home and wipe my behind That phone I walk in the door and the phone is ringing like Frantically I say what the hell do you want and it's him It's him The joke is laying here eventually Yeah, we'll get some real honest who's looking right down here Buffalo ever come. We'll get some real broadcasters down here So I gave cherry I told him you know cut the crap with all this Balloni about the leaves are squeezing the sticks to tighten all his stuff Stop cover it up for the ineptitude of my team okay You've been a big trade the last night. Yeah, big deal We got rid of a couple of stiffs and we got two more stiffs And now in the leaflets the Pittsburgh Mike Lang can say Elvis has just left the building Or Wayne Presley what one of the others just left the building Well listen do a good job on the road trip Are you okay with a still is there any chance to get in a couple tickets? Yeah, we got a couple we got a couple of plain tickets for you one way unless you win Don't want to talk to you they just fall in for tickets The joke I can't believe you let people get away with that Welcome to Miami Doug now you're catching on now you understand of what it's all about happy anniversary Thanks a lot Doug they care a little luck Doug McClane coach of the panthers. Okay, now see you guys had a wait for him, but it was worth waiting for him. He's a good guy for Canadian So what are you guys still gonna play what is this we got an amoree? We got Brian we got Scott or we got good term man Yeah, we're as Jc when I need to know Oh, that's Steve Nichols drink so lot man that guy's a drunk and son I'll call the time and the morning soon Hastie Nichols what's wrong with you drink or drink or drink or guzzle guzzle guzzle guzzle Nickel Nickel Nickel you compute compute compute compute compute triple drink or drink or drink or go get drunk Wow Great ready My This is liver decay Randy roll We carry scrap of pernos That's just great radio Okay Where he came when the bill everything else ran Now he's competing with Santa and Boyce Jesus when will he leave That's just great radio All the guests worth the best and they had an apparel Marvin Dunne Alex doubt medlin mario have Thank God they're all of the earth Go there egos de play Just look at me I'm so As we brought to a close drop your phone And just pick up the phone Talk to me Hey We're all of us here Let's new the god I'll be tripping wild Just great radio Beautiful That was so emotional Everybody in the building is nice Unbelievable That was great Because they do that again I think I screwed up the video hanging Did you get someone happy? That was great guys Oh no you know something as incredible as the Larry King call was This one could be a close second Hello Oh I look I figured if Larry King could get away with calling So could I Steve Patterson Oh God Oh You can play a bokeh Brian for this call You son of a bitch Thanks a lot Unbelievable Thanks a lot I had a call in Lishia happy anniversary Thank you very much Thank you And thanks for leaving us all of those stiff cards I mean all those cards that we could debunk Anybody ever thought you could tell me I didn't work there Anymore would have been happy to erase I worked too busy drinking over here We don't have time to communicate with the talent We'll talk about this What is it? Of course God forbid ever I just come down to the schedule with my name Not on it and that's the message You're on this weekend by the way Pardon? I said I hope you have a great weekend Yeah Me too Nice a lot Steve Well happy happy and I hope you don't have to go through another 20 years I pray I'm praying every minute Okay Congratulations Bye I'm out of here Okay so anyway that's Steve Patterson You don't know you were on here before we had Steve Patterson I don't know I assume production No no he was a weekend guy Oh there you go He was like in the same old Hennelike as a Chris Baker Joey Reynolds along along along a run of great winners that we've had on a weekend sir Yeah In fact my bowels are twitching now just to be counting all these great names Yeah you know it's interesting There's a couple of talk radio stations I hear up there They play music on the weekends Yeah You know they play a lot of good ideas for us Think about it They play jazz Yeah Nice music You don't have to go through any of that Try and define Wouldn't that be a good format for us all jazz all weekend See your buddy Yeah Exactly Right But such an interesting idea And it works You know I swear I hear I'm doing it I just never thought about it when we were here Dealing with all that And I say this Is I mean Richard still here? He's getting ready to do a weekend show tomorrow I wasn't thinking of Irene What a consultant now Yeah He's consulting Quite frankly at this point it could only be an improvement Okay so anyway it's 1225 and WIVD We ought to take some calls from some real people here in the next hour So because these people are going to get upset and cranky Oh but I'd like these The celebrities have been my best call Yes, they're one Yeah, he'll never forget I only wish we would have had a better follow that end The obvious It was perfect No connection with their first Just something you just seriously I mean a lot of the stuff is stick But when his case No You go home and you look into mirror and you ask yourself Is there no shame anywhere in this world Is there no ass anywhere that this man won't look It's just amazing And it's astonishing And to think that once upon a time Not in this room because this studio was near But somewhere in the balls of this building That man infested this place And you know that remember who also is another guy That Larry says just hit by the phone You got a call coming you're going to be working at DC You're going to have the biggest job in town 100,000 a month Another one of those guys that's heard Larry's a tail of Well, we'll never come true He's going to pick him up at the airport And bring him and he will be sitting in this studio Yes And guess what Is there anybody out there Where does the line form for people who would like to The food for Larry on that day? Remember, remember Godfather 3 I wouldn't be surprised if we have a bunch of canolees here on that day Now you told them village, what you told them Yeah, yeah You think that'll happen? It could be But I wouldn't be surprised since that is over there on the beach I wouldn't be surprised if there's a few people over there on the beach What's that guy that used to call all the time on QA And what's the guy's name? Airvitan, that's all he would talk about Is Larry King over old money used to call Bill Colby He put Bill in his grave And he would want call too many You know what I'm talking about If this guy that's all he talks about He lives for the day Oh yes, yes I do remember Yeah, that he can get ahold of Larry just one last time Right He's paying back for all There's the only thing that's still talk about it You and this guy That's right I remember when it was a signal And take a break party boy Hey, I'll take a break when I'm going to ready Okay, it's the guy named Rick Riley Okay, I'll break whenever the home ready We'll do the news whenever I'm ready Whatever I feel like it Okay, okay No other loan company I mean, how can you be on air for like 40 years Like Rick Riley and do the news Three minutes after the art You're almost saying Rick you're a good guy But come on start catching up with a format When you're pleased you're Jackass, you've phony baloney Get with it What do you expect from a guy it's got a weasel for a pet Another Sunday night Another amateur, a trans in your career You know the line Keep your day job But listen Sunday nights at 11 For New Year won't like it The benefit there The things your audition day plans Have up to the microphone 1401 North Bay Cosway Miami 33141 New won't like it Sunday nights at 11 A news talking entertainment radio 610 W-I-R-L-V Stand major Now a news talk radio 610 W-I-O-D If you missed the last show You missed this Was it what the hell is your problem Pain is in New York, fella What do you want to do with your I don't want to gain back I just told you that But what do you want? I think you want Alan Burke I think you want Joe your Reynolds So what do you want on the air Silence Is that all we have to do? What do you give me a name But is that all we want? Is that all we have? You're kind of content Do you want Jerry to sick? I did Here the next stand major show This afternoon at 2 on New York Radio 610 W-I-O-D Unbelievable And I couldn't get a contract That was so great And I couldn't get a contract Stand Good Good How are you living now? Lakeland Lakeland Yeah You know where that is? Oh god What? Where do you want me to live? Where what kind of content Coming from a guy who is doing a show in Clearwater How do you like that? Right And then not see headquarters over there That's true Give me a name What name? What do you want me to live? You want your Reynolds Yeah Let me play this one two to second I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I definitely prefer stand major I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I personally don't There you have it Nine out of ten doctors I prefer stand major Over general anesthesia I heard necklamps His voice is there And boy Gary was in here too Also known as Gary Bruce Why? Hope he helped all himself Boy Gary on here up there That would be bad I'd improve him out of Cleveland I got better ratings and he had Is that what it was? On the I'm on the E And yeah I don't know what Bolshe Excuse me I don't know what Cratty was on over high But whatever was he got Did you say the Bolshear bail is that what you said? He was on the E He's on there too Oh is he? On and then she went What? That was yes, McCay He still hasn't lost it He still got it Congratulations Congratulations Neil on 20 I at the 12 30 last night On 125 stations I did the same thing So Somebody sends me a portable toilet It says here is to 20 years down the toilet On a speakers in a bag And it's a place called 225 on limited toilet It's a place that sells like Little make believe toilets Hey, let's just reminisce About W's news for just a second Yeah, wait But I'll wait It's time the first time you were there The second time The first time Okay With the bullet holes in the end Right The bullet holes in the front of the building And me doing a program with an umbrella You remember that? Well, I don't know Well, no wait There was until you're better one than that There was a day when we had a torrential rain And on the front door Do you remember this? Yeah The front door the station was like warped And there was a big opening Between every the bottom of the front door And the sidewalk And like gallons and gallons of water Came pouring in off Flagver Street Into the building And I can remember the phone guys Crawling around on their hands and knees Putting that What is that stuff they put on a context That kind of like dust There's somewhat of a hell of it To try to drive the phone context And they got done like about two minutes to eight I'm sitting there in bare feet Doing a talk show When you need to get electrocuted And eight o'clock on a Monday night I remember those Yeah I remember that Yeah, the only good thing about that location Is you can walk across the street And get some of the best of guys in the world Yeah, that made it worthwhile Yeah That's it Well listen, it's great to talk to you And congratulations I've been reading all the newspaper stuff about you And I'm glad they rediscovered that you're still in the market Yeah, they're very very very very very pretty Like once every 20 years They figure it's worth while they bite They're talking to write something I sobaba You know how that goes Yeah, who else is there Because I am in listening The last 10 minutes Lathaloo So by the way man, you didn't hear the Larry King call No So help me Is my hand to the sky If you ever hear the Larry King call Did I got you will wet your pants At least 40 times a day Was your wake He was he was like semi-incorherty called on him He was on a plane to LA The first connection we had Was so I said it sounds like Larry King And a run-popeal automatic blended That's what it sounded like And then he actually called back again On a better connection To kiss my ass I have never I have never seen a man Was made more billions by looking at As than this man And he even looked mine In fact, I'm going to get myself a goddamn tattoo That says Larry King I'm going to get a tattoo right on my head I got a bumper sticker Says how many jobs is Larry King got for you Yeah exactly Yeah Yeah, your firmer is going to put one of those on his car too So in other words, it was a normal Larry King call Yeah Man, it was just This is the umbrella I have a call from Larry King We just got the charge Here you go Just a typical Larry King call You got it That's that something Well, hang in there, Stan Hey listen, I called on the 524 number You think I'll ever get back in your good places So I can have a VIP line So I don't have to read dial a hundred times Yeah, my cost you All right, good luck See you everybody Bye You know, so quick you got off as soon as I said cost it Hey listen, it was well worth it John Lynch and Ecia Hey Neil And she cago I'm sorry, this is Alex Bennett Yeah, sounds like a real boring guy Happy anniversary You're a good guy, John, but you always were boring Except when you got drunk at a party What's that? That's Disney, but Disney quit drinking Did he really? He quit since January Yeah, all the red is coming out of his face I think that was only since he got Howard off the year Well, I think that's why the red came back in We finished when it knocked Howard off So Ecia, how you doing? I'm good, Ecia, I'm good How much thou? I'm doing great I don't do it, let me go Louise is he's ready to rock and roll He's ready for you Yeah? Yeah? Once he's coming I sure like to see that I got it, but you know How does he do it up there? Is he bringing that place to a great heights like he did here? Well, yeah That's the new format on CKG We're in the toilet again I report too, huh? Yeah, everything's going fine here We do miss you, that'll quite a bit Yeah, but Nothing quite like you on the air up here Uh, that's for damn sure I mean, there's nobody going around Talking about everything else It goes on, so you know we really can't live like Harris We've got to live like Harris, we've got to live like Harris It's true, you like you're saying? Yeah, sure, just like here Well listen, that's a real exciting John And it's great here For me, especially Ecia, don't take it personal John, you're okay, but Ecia sees a goddess What can I tell you? Okay, I love you You miss this, you It's only because she used to bring it checks No, that's only because she went to Louise Miguel concert What means she was drooling just as much as I was Well listen, this October we'll fly it on special for another up close look Okay, sweetheart And there Okay, take care of yourselves Thanks, Eutonia Happy anniversary Give Disney a big kiss Happy anniversary now Thanks a lot Bye, God was that boring Okay, 1238, now she's I would love Ecia And by the way, that's not how you spell Ecia Okay, that's it Listen, Holy O that's not how you spell Ecia I-S-I-A Yeah Spells Ecia, does it? No I don't think so I don't know what else that would say Oh, look at this, here's the bookie Did you hear that call yesterday? Oh, good You wouldn't have showed up today if you would have So anyway, if your favorite bookie enjoyed is burned down No problem at all Because the pizza loss will be back in operation soon Yeah, God, kid called up some Holy O he said that is best friend Used to place all his bets, did you hear it? Nice And the pizza loss Does the guy up there, what do you say the guy's name was? Mike or some one of your stiffs And he said that they were running a bookie Join up there I see you got that expensive house, you have Jeff Cohen comes out of the closet today on 610 W-I-O-D, okay? You don't remember about him Yeah, I'll stand out the most of my mind Just when they catered the Donnie Osmond show Yeah, I do remember that Oh, you should remember that for some reason Yeah, I love the texture There you can Remember how Donnie Osmond had his shirt Button up he was sitting right where Boca Bryant is right now And he had his shirt buttoned up to his The bottom of his chin Not that he was nervous being in here with his wife Buttoned up the extra button Remember? He was really nervous He was a great guy But she was very uptight Very room Very room It's Gourli, psychotic Down touch him Down touch him Sorry honey, he's a hairy and old now It's all yours Anyway, 1240 It's up at your wife What do you laugh at about Craig? This week in Popco Park The racing action heats up The Philly and Mayor Pacer Now this is, I don't think this is right You know what? I don't think this is right Anyway, the top trotters We're off in the exciting finals of the Van Leder For Morales series That's tonight But the Philly and Mayor Pacer's That was the last night Hey listen, we don't care about that Just send us the money over here That's all we care about dick On the weekends, it pop at a park Bob Reen says yes That's it, just put the check in the mail We don't care about the copy That's window dressing Anyway, pop at a park with Simele casting for the middlelands full car Tonight in the barn By the way, fat rich will not be there tonight So you got a chance to win Okay, none of that No that BS, not free floor show Along with the great hardest racing action The top of the park, you get a great meal You get all kind of a floor show In fact, probably my good friend Melissa Rojiri Will be there from the Eskum Sentinel And Super Day Oh, so you're a good friend That's right She loves me, she loves you She loves you Super Day Remember him? Yes He's still around and he's still real fat Exactly Good times great food Great racing mate for a lot You'll remember for a long time At Papadot Park racing Every night except Tuesday and Sunday Post time, every night including tonight 730 in the BM So for the L and the sub-dandy From rafters to leaflets to jet fighters with missiles What's the next move? We'll keep you posted The best of you Use talking entertainment radio 610 W-I-O-D 20 is in my image The home of the strange Beautiful in what happened We're not making a deal The Laura's and Sunny's and the trees are dropped A bird in the hand and a bird in the box 20 is in my image The baby grew up feeling the change 20 is in my image The two decades in hell Thank God for Papadot Honest and New East Miguel Bad roots of sex Bitched on guns and the cops To give time and end not blending in for the last Is there any way to end a voice Or is that drag me down? The baby is in my image The baby is in my image The baby is in my image The baby is in my image The baby is in my image The baby is in my image The people behind me But turning blue and the delts to see red Palm beaches yellow the green light is dead Whole people come here to die but the young ones get shot When he is in Miami, the dough is rewind Oh skies hitting the sky Share its liquid haul Dead lion's bendivia's and hoarding can I also one who makes noise the singer pipe sometimes you have not realized this question Yeah, but okay 1246 at WOD so anyway, this is just out of control today. It's been the dynamite. Yeah, here's here's a a facts from Jerry Sullivan. Why? Jerry Sullivan here when you were here. He's now the General Manager of WBDN in Clearwater. BD is so from Miami and then of course when they demoted him here he was driving the overnight news truck. Remember that? Yeah, that's a true story. That's the kind of company Cox broadcasting is Jerry Sullivan one day. He was the General Manager. The next week he was driving the overnight news truck out on the streets. I think it was a program. But the PD. Yeah, that's right. Is that it's incredible? Remember that? In fact, from programs you're right. The only thing more saying that will be when I come in next on Monday and Steve Nichol is taking to our burdo's job. That'll be dynamite. You know, when he starts cleaning the toilets and doing stuff like that, it's a lot of stuff like that. We could be good, is usually as his head down near one anyway most of the time, so that's great. Well, I should not know what WBDN is and Clearwater. Now, I have to do a big E251. Yeah, to research in. Here's Game Mask Conduct, Alan Ego Cinn and the Corruption of Hockey by Russ Conway A book from my good close personal friend you have to forest. Who buys me a hockey book which is incredible because he don't know nothing about it but tasty for a hell of a guy, okay? You're really something. Now speaking of middle of an, I don't know what to tell you. I wouldn't you think if he was a man, he would be here today the first guy worked for in Miami 20 years ago Yeah, but that was in the old days. He once I changed the style of the show. Oh, yeah, oh, oh Then all of a sudden I was like a piece of crap Just like that goddamn Disney man when he went up to Chicago, you know, he was singing a different tune Who you call like he's rolled over in a grave? You know I'm saying she's saying it's the most disgusting show That's my opinion. I'm my Disney Thanks Mike How's Howard doing I mean how's things going? Oh, that was that good. I meant I'm actually in Los Angeles right now. Are you really? Yeah, we just had a call from John Lynch and Ecia. Oh my god. They weren't there with you. We're No, no, no, I think they're working for us in Chicago I don't they said no, it's a matter of fact. They said there's been a massive rebadient since you went to LA and when you come back You got a couple of surprises. I don't what they met by that. I'll be back tomorrow. Yeah. There you go So what's going on Disney? Oh I don't know. I just I went and saw Jonah. I was born last night. We're seeing the gin blossoms tonight Yeah, just kind of hanging out doing that LA thing In fact John Lynch said that you've got a drinking that you know is that your whole head is all over the Applet blood is drained back into your system now and at the you're you know You've lost that beat red complexion. Yeah, I don't have my eternal son, too Oh, thank God That's probably from being in Chicago not from mother drinking part right right trying to clean up my life. Yeah You're my inspiration. Sure. Yeah, just do exactly well I was thinking about you. You know how that is Mike. I just got overwhelmed absolutely I just I think back to those great little meetings who used to have it Denny's when we were putting our deal together Yeah, those clean dust and meetings that's another thing about the class of this corporation They got eight billion dollars Where do they take you to meet you when they want to hire you to impress you with what about your big spenders there? They meet you at Denny's you know even a guy from a GBS what the hell was his name? GBS Danny Dealer Reddle even Danny Dealer Reddle in fact he took me to Denny so I'd say it's an equal match. Okay Unbelievable I used to go to those meetings. Yeah, Denny's in 125th in fact That's right isn't that where we cemented the deal my good friend soft food by the way A solach in a prison there. You are worthy these days. I think you knew you I heard he was in some country club prison in Orlando or something Is he because God I could sure use a good agent man You don't need an agent. He never got any of my kid. Yeah. That's what all you general managers always tell us You know what he did. We'll take good care of you Well, I just want to come to happy 20. All thanks, Diz. You bet and we mess you That same here and boy Gary message you know boy Gary starting Monday in the boys Palm and JNO No, he's not you see is I swear to God swear to you Cole cats and tiny's gonna be the PD and Cole morning host and We were the tears are in our eyes and he wants a sample cashier show exactly Have it right here take care see you back like Disney boy. He's pretty boring So I Is it okay guys kind of boring. Oh, okay, huh? Well, that just wasn't what I was gonna say I wish well, we know I noticed that's right. You never got a chance to speak to him. Thank God. Yeah. Why was he wanting your favorites That would be one way of putting it yeah, you know I What what do you want me to say about mine ever you would like to say oh? He's off the phone now is yeah, I'm not good time to talk He's an L.A. He can't hear oh that's right. No, I just nothing I can say on the air about Mike Disney so we'll just let it go just let it long. It's yeah Coast will coast. No, that's over here. Oh and Maria on the coast Wendy Bennett by the way Sure, I hope Wendy got some of the food okay there's like 5,000 pounds of food to eat something please Wendy I'm begging you have you have you noticed since you were here last Wendy Bennett you have to look like real close Like like a pencil like a walking pencil if she had an eraser huh? See he's into that look what an arctic yeah, yeah, that's why keeps playing all his caring carpet and records Yeah, he just relates to it and but she had to play to food. I saw her God was on KT some old fart maybe you remember it's one of our typical old nasty wonderful Lovely sought for to beat people call mister you'll never last six months in his town with a goddamn attitude You'll got you'll be out of here in six months and the best part of it is we know he's better than a door nail Okay, this old fart is pushing up daisy somewhere probably pushing up weeds in a pickle pad somewhere He's dead dead and I'm excited to be here and for no other reason that motive to be motivated in whatever it is Use talking entertainment radio Is it 10 W I O D Well, see that's good. It's selective. You know as you get over we pretend all my memory is failing And I'm getting my Alzheimer's now. I can't remember who to help you are and of course it's not by accident Who the hell have we gone here or speak it of Miss Anarexia? Hello, oh, she probably we'd want to rely on her next door Wendy Bennett. She's saying it's 82 along the coast That's what she's doing right now and making like five bucks an hour so who the hell can afford to eat? Wendy it's only a four-hour show sweetheart. Come on. We fed you this morning again Johnny Dorx is he'll come in here and do like a couple of extra hours for you What do we unhold it's not just Hank Goldberg it's a hippo polymus I'm how come we haven't had the call from Hank yet? No, I don't have reason I got that out of the way We still I could play Johnny died Just I can get that on just in case any flight you forgot from yesterday Wendy are you there? Wendy sweet hard. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, you know something if I could scream this loud and write you the wall here From through a break I'm sorry what kind of what kind of crap are you playing right now? Who you got on right this moment I got commercial's gone, but I was too late. Lazy to walk down to 10 feet so I thought I would just call Well, thanks a lot Wendy. I'll have to do zero man. Yeah, thanks. I thought this party out there was for me, but I was wrong Yeah, for you we could bring in a take up full of food that'd be enough. We'll stay in that No, you're audience could totally to wrong here impression about whatever your day man This goes from 10 feet away, right you hear the notice of quality yeah Yeah, she's in the other room she's on the other side of the wall and it's really the To do you know, but I'm talking about the greater equipment we got in this building that the coxist is with eight million dollars Internally within the building you sound like you're calling from Uranus. Wow. Yeah Yeah, sounds like Larry King your honorary kings of the last. It's like Larry King. Yeah, kind of well thanks Wendy In the next 20 years. Thanks a lot. All right, take care. He planned that glory as the fun Well do that. See you all right not So anyway, I guess glory and her husband are taking me out voting this weekend and I'm on her my anniversary away from her. Yeah, don't go too close to glory You're coming down the road just you know yeah, just steer clear. I love those PSA she's doing for safe Bolting anybody knows you know what I'm saying if anybody knows about safe voting Here's Holly one hello Uncle Neo I just wanted to wish you before I think my song a good inform you and all the other Jewish guys there Thanks and I need to pass on Monday. Oh What is it? Kind of Esther on Monday. Oh, hey, you're just to look it up on the calendar So what does that mean I'm two days to rest your home in touch and I got a whole box I got two boxes of home in touch and here But you said you don't want me to bring any because they don't take I'm taking them home with my mama Okay, you mama I'll bring you some more okay anyway. Here's your song uncle Yom Hashana some they Yom Hashana some they Oh Beautiful happy anniversary. Thank you a lot. Bye. Bye. Good. Poor him Nobody you have anymore nobody calls up and says Can I call my brother can I call my friend to do speck they don't do that any not quite as my way to cure them I think for him. She still calls by the way the cockom only lady. Oh, good But those things are passed. Oh, here's an important call hello. Hello. Yes, it is Thank you for picking up my call. I just call to say happy anniversary This is an important call, right? Oh my god. Go ahead. What have you been doing for such a long time? What? Nick Lawrence? Wow This is that this is the best producer in radio the guy that got me those two male models from the From the yelton john video. I was talking about just the other day. That was my last That was a single day last act of benevolence and kindness and great deed and I'll never forget it as long as I live It is Nick Lawrence. Yes, it is. Yes, I think In fact, we just heard your voice on that I prefer stand major car too. I was on that. Yeah, you and Where did I? Yeah That's some of my friends are down there. I speak like calling say hello one can too much trouble. Yeah And what about one Steve's call coming in Mr. Kane probably will try and call because he asked me what time you go off the air. Yeah, right Tell him tell him when I come on here. That's when he goes off the earth. He forgot what time the show And yeah, I'm sure he did You're called. Oh, sorry. Don't forget Steve. We know you're listening right now. We're waiting for your call with baited breath Make him get on it. Okay. Thanks, Nick. See you. Nick Lawrence. There you go. That's a real guy right there Yeah Mark wall the show is doing what what you're gonna be all these talk show Post from all over the country. Yeah, I saw I saw Randy Rhodes on one of those talk show I think he's gonna be on a Danny Bonna do Spag show is what I think and I'm getting right what what is that? Oh, I thought you just left More annoying then let me adjust and double UIOD my enemy Fort Lutter is Use talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD the best news period 610 WIOD In date an action in West one eight thirty six approaching the toll flasher accident clearing north on US one just north of 304th Street and keep in mind the Grand Prix of Miami kicks up today at the homestead mortist sports complex Expect delays in the area especially the homestead extension other term fights Emerald palms is now leasing spectacular one and two bedroom as well as gigantic town homes call 233 20 22 this is marable for six 10 WIOD Is of Carlos, Velliti. That is new all right 610 WIOD weather channel forecast partly cloudy high around 85 84 degrees right what is it I don't know oh I don't either you know Neil I feel really bad I don't have an ass cake for you All I can give you is my my greatest respect and admiration and appreciation Thanks Jennifer we love you I love you everybody loves you and I don't have a p-d Blurie king and ask cake and guess what he elected That's one of the way you were saying I can't give you a piece of it but Thanks for everything in congratulations. Well when you find Vinnie will sure a piece of that okay. I get him one 2 hour This is your crime we require the two listen to the radio all weekend long The grand prize winner will be flown to go to Georgia for a canoe trip or two down the Kahuna Losy River Commitations in beautiful entry Easy to wear now it's easy to drop them It's the most The time you hear net made The number is week The most easy make you United by You son of a bitch okay one oh seven a W. I. D. Scott and Laura Schwartz are here Scott of course the great general manager of W. T. M. I your suit of intellectual classical station. What is that? Oh, and actually brought me a gift is probably like Mozart's greatest hits or some Cocker like that 25th anniversary yeah Yeah, oh beautiful that's a good pen. It's one of those like what are those like a fake month long like a fake month long month cost about 98 cents and Falling in love with classical music from W. T. M. I all do suits out there baby here you go Thanks so much to our good friends at W. T. M. I only wish that their audience was alive But nonetheless they have a very high rank in an air because they're all a fancy-shmancy drive expensive cars That's what they want here's Holly Wood. Hello Neil yes sir. Hey happy anniversary. Thank you so much last night when the screw-in got that penalty yeah He uh potman gave you a tribute he goes into his uh He started to say un and he started oh that's a bad break and then he uh paused for a minute and then he went back Unbelievable unbelievable. Yeah, I noticed he's been sent that a lot lately. I've had a tremendous impact on These even still she wanted me to yeah it yeah those two guys or something else yeah last goal I scored her it's about a 16.9 seconds left it was one of the saddest moments in my life for that if we do that great job killing off those penalties and we're like just absolutely on fire we missed the empty net twice two barns It's like psychotic theory just can't put it away and the puck either and then we blow it But we'll take the point yeah the Chris Moritz is uh You know there's saved by them these broken enters like 20 minutes of dead air 20 seconds of dead air Yeah, he finally comes up with oh it's in the net yeah. He said it trickled through and I think he was talking about the puck too. Yeah Well thanks a lot, Pally okay. Have a great life. Okay, so anyway first of all before I'm sure that Norm is gonna get really emotional about the next call but before we do that what the hell was I just Or you arranged the next call well you know that we got JC here. This is small potatoes. How you doing Brian? Hey Neo happy anniversary here's the star of WFT L a budding star on the horizon over there I want to call two people beach bags. Yeah first I want to call the pizza hut delivery man who came to my house yesterday morning in douche bag and I always listening to you because he had you wanted his car And I also want to call my friend John a douche bag because he follows you around the every personal appearance Yeah, you need to go with and he always says old Brian would have been here but he didn't show up and I said well in that case Why don't you get out of here John because I sure don't want to see you So he is a douche bag so why don't you show up Brian what's the problem did Norm get you all paranoid nervous that night? What are you talking about? I mean that night that you came to the pizza law. Yeah, I remember that my friend John tricked me I didn't know that that's where I was going yeah I guess that was the same way when Norm took your home that night you didn't know where you were I mean it's just a joke that's just a little joke. That's just a joke. How come how come Larry King said such bad things about you in the newspaper But then at do you didn't hear his call before he kissed my ass right you're on here My cheeks are blushing Larry King kissed my ass right here on a radio from a call on a plane to LA Good question. That's the question of the day. Yeah, he was somewhat incoherent but I think what he said was Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers something like that basically Yeah, what he was one of the 19 year old girls that he hanged out with I don't know you don't more about that than I would Brian Uh-huh, that's true. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, anyway Neil are you gonna be on the year how many more years are you gonna be on the year? I would say not too many hopefully Four or five or four for me. We're grooming the seat for you Brian after you do your you know your internship at WFTL How I intern after you get into a real radio station Unity so it is a real radio station, but 1000 watts of power. Oh, yeah I'll tell you one thing last night compared to QAM you guys were booming. I'm leading the yellow QAM must be now that it's been sold it cut their part out of two-watched night You couldn't hear it like right outside the arena and remember what a signal that used to hit yeah I think I didn't publish service credits for that now you've laughed at 20 years how long is a boy Gary? How many days is boy Gary gonna last doing morning's a JNL? What is up with that Yeah, this guy asked the best question. It's a Brian to board up in the part-time talk show WFTL You're a whole time talk host days a week. I'd what time all different times yeah overnight and then I want Saturday evening as well Yeah, well over nights from like what three to five in a morning three to six So you followed the famous Mark Shimbong that is correct who is a legend in his own mind in the industry I mean wow is it that guy that's wanted in 17 states. Yeah I know that if I were working from midnight to three on a 250-watt radio station I would say that I'm a legend in the industry to and be a member of the American talkers Association like Mark Shimbong Tell him you want midnight to three stick his ass on from three to six Brian There you go get this kid on what are somebody still awake okay? Don't put him on there where everybody's got their head on the pillow So to speak well. I said thanks Brian. It's good hearing from me and norm says loving kisses Oh, you got off of their quick when I said that little Out of it. What's that Brian? Yeah. Well. He's under a lot of pressure He's a lot of a lot of dress. I think like a pink dress Huh? So yeah I'm gonna come on you gonna be speaking a way to McDonald's say it were just seconds You Oh nothing once you've got it you've got it and you know something I haven't seen that cart in years And I've just been in that thing around like a dreadal day and there it is you see As I just show up and say something oh he already played I hate to break the news to you Johnny We're way ahead of you. Okay. You better go back to your Marty Robbins records Johnny. We're way ahead of him So Kelly Craig yes, yeah, I like Craig is pregnant. Yes, so I take back sorry Kelly Because I know she loves me. She's called a sure a few times in a past with that It can't imagine it somebody really stuck a bicycle pump up her butt and that she can 30 pounds overnight You know That was the other way that's gotten Laura's Brady little kid making eye-in-boys Just in case you wanted to add to the ambiance. Yeah, take a minute take your kids in a TMI while a clan while a Mozart is playing Lauren open a mics for that. I could just see all those all those prune face the hot potato sitting there Listen to that classical music all those assholes that haven't had a BM in 20 years Listen to their a ha-a-hanzl and handle and grettle Can you imagine that all of a sudden these babies start wailing around about love it? They didn't like to pluck the bird Who's at the babies? Yeah, I think they did like Yeah, right in like that. Yeah, right in who neckdower channel seven by the way speaking of the bird But anyway, that's another story from a horse of a different feather one 14 at W. I would either Round and round they go And slowing down is not cool the grand for you Miami live Sunday afternoon at 130 only on news talking entertainment radio 16 W I O D Thanks, Norman there we go star the morning 6 to 9 a.m. W F T L 14 100 a.m. If you live real near the tower You can pick it up. Thank you Steven so much. Let's go with a light and cut the crap. Okay So anyway, it's one 17 at W I D. This has been a day that will probably go down in the handles of broadcast history Yeah, you remember this Well, the Yes, the anus a broadcast. Yeah, that's what Johnny said. He said it'll go down in Uranus, but it's a nail This is Randy West and as per our phone conversation I talked to Peter North here at the day He tells me your real name is kneel down and he's still ain't interested So anyway speaking of that here's Randy West production sent me a fact saying happy 20th anniversary on behalf of everybody We sincerely wish to congratulate uncle Neil Rogers I disability to withstand 20 years of South Florida radio We know it's been nothing but hell for you and set of red center from the people who work with I can't say what it says there You see what it says if you know the CO CO It's a word for chickens. Oh, oh From people who work with that to the one man who can't stand working for Cox as in broadcasting We love you Neil keep it up your friends a lot. How you like that from that ugly a washed out Randy West Wow, yeah, when it's out act burned out. He's a good guy, but boy. See ugly here's a oh Oh, she's almost knocked over and Maria's the thing there. Here's our friend. Hi. Here's the slipknot slanting leg You know something you haven't seen our birded friend here in years. No, I haven't You remember the not slanting leg? Sure. You'd be in shock to see you're now 85 pounds no, it's the not slanting slash Melrose play slating yeah, yeah, well, I know not the caliber of call that you've been having but I had to call thank God for that Well, yeah, you're no stand major. You're no Mike Disney. Well, I don't know John Lynch. I owe you my life, but not any money Lost 85 pounds how much do you weigh now? What isn't that a terrible question? No What do you ask oh I ask how much you was waiting is she weighed now? That's the most disgusting Yeah, I didn't realize 427 No, she'll say 85 pounds. Yeah, well, she's a shadow reformer. So, she has probably a few more. What is it that you want Johnnie? I want a bottle of baby She's having fits you're almost skinny enough for Johnnie. Yeah, I'll vote. Yeah being complimentary and a This particular case, I definitely say stick with your husband. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, my husband's good guy Right exactly stick with him But we I don't know what I would have done without you. Yeah, so I had to call him Well, I saved your life. I know that I hear it to you that in fact my attorney Richard Aton which I wouldn't mention his name on the air, but there's a guy that's got a pooping now that's like Mount Rushmore And I begged in the other day get the icons book through yourself a favor. He just found out he's diabetic his track Glissarides are 600 and you know, I'm I take no diabetes medication anymore my blood sugar was 92 this morning with no medication I'm doing so great. It's phenomenal my blood pressure medicine I'm down to like a tenth of what I was taken before my doctor calls me for he's lost 40 pounds I saved my doctor's life. How do you like that? Had that to switch, right? Yeah, he ought to be a P&E every time I go in there He ought to have a check for me. How do you like that? Did you send him a bill? Exactly. He's a good guy though It's a great diet people that would rather take drugs and try that diet or ring Yeah, they really are a lot of people out there doing that. They are I'm into congratulate you. Thank you That was all okay, and that's why he came in he didn't come here for me He came to congratulate you on a weight loss. Oh, that was it. You knew I was calling right? And he knew Stan would be calling oh, yeah, that is good buddy Disney. Oh, yeah, don't forget that one Yeah, that was a boy what a call that one. You know now where you in the room when he was on a phone or were you out now? I was in the room. I just really because it never dawned on me to hook you guys up together Before you knew you was gone because my finger was on a button so fast. I'm not sure why I was kind of a Rehearsal I was gone like a shot. I never got around to a one thing you got a safer. He's consistent. He had basically nothing to say Exactly, right it. Yeah, no it worked that might have been an interesting conversation I don't think so yeah No, just count your blessings that it worked out like it did. Yeah, there you go Then's in return. He's living the life of Riley and I'm over here of slaving away over hot stogi every day after day For hot bottle of soy water. Yeah, sure. Well listen keep it up. Okay, and tell your brother to quit bugging me for hockey Yeah, well, you know just a joke. It's a he can bug me any time. Okay. Have a great day Hey, can't help. Thanks. We'd our keep it up by so she's like a shadow performer self Do you know how many thousands of pounds this audience is lost thanks to me and Dr. Bobby atkins now you Continue to consistently as the years go by avoid it all cost the movie Rachel's bull correct. Oh, I have it. I know you have and I've still watched about the first You know that opening scene that goes on for about five and a half hours with the music You know why you know I mean that one Oscars to narrow one best actor Oscar this movie that was voted by the Magna National right it says the life staff jac Lamovie of the 80s and you and being a big sports fan is you are I'm sure that box is right up here on the side the point It's like it's like the movie Cobb that's about Thai Cobb I watched I loved it because it was about baseball It's not always a big Cobb County But it's beside the point. I thought there was like deliverance part You at least see pulp fiction no what's wrong with you got to wait for Phil Henry What's wrong with you a lot The best movie I have ever seen in my life in the modern era It's a pulp fiction Why you don't lie it's not on a show anymore. I don't know how to need out John have an important call online. You should know why will not see that movie John we've voted is in pulp fiction I've had a three or four people. I'll be got somebody more important than you on here Steve Happy anniversary now. Thank God for Steve King calling. I thought I'd never say that but with a bird like on a role here Thank God for any interruption at this point Steve Steve would you agree with me that pulp fiction is a great movie My call by saying the bird is on the money one of the great yes Just tell me what your problem. I had that three or four friends of mine who I've made watch the movie say to me I'm gonna tell you I hate John to vote. I'm gonna tell you this it pisses me off But I'm gonna tell you I'm not the only one that can't be was right here and they say he was great. Okay. I'll watch it It's on the dish. I got you know 85 dishes and here I can watch yes A lot more white What exactly does that mean Okay, yeah, thank you He's had a lot of time to let them rest and grow you know how that is great I'm gonna tell you something you know it's like having a bar mitzvast Steve You know what that's like, you know you build up to it. There's all the trepidation you got to go through all that business of learning your bar mitzvah Mothir and your real nervous and then all the gifts start for you and you say you know something This wasn't so bad after all pretty good this almost made it worthwhile and you didn't have that it was probably why you were on a year That I had the Larry King call Larry King it's all so hilarious. I swear to you you would be on a floor for we I'm not exaggerating in my life I've never this is the same guy the same guy who only weeks ago on a Phil Henry show said that Neorodges is the worst talk host in the world that he's ever heard his life He calls me from a plane in LA the phone connects to the so-baddy sound like he was like King and a blender And he calls back a second time my cheeks are so red from being kissed by Larry King. It's unbelievable It's incredible Exactly What a hypocrite. Yeah, anyway We've been through some great time zero of it 20 years no question of that You remember the first day I arrived in the market I remember the first day you showed up at W. snooze during by very short tenure as program director and it was on there at night And you were like wandering around out in the outer office with your tape under your arm from Orlando And I kept thinking who that hell is this pushy Jew and what the hell does he want? How you were right on the money with that? Like any kept he was persistent and he just kept coming back and coming back in a matter how much we said go back to Orlando We don't know what you're all about he kept plugging away in here. He is and I meant what I said in the paper There she didn't make that up. You know here's a guy We've had our differences to say the least and politically to say the very least But nevertheless here's a guy who is taking the solfusus misfortune and by the way I understand he's cooling it out right here in Florida Look saw fuses misfortune of putting him into an impossible position in WABC in New York when he had like 10 minutes in our on a year Comes back to this market takes a make-belief Phantom radio station and makes a living out of it for himself and all these other people and I commend you for that. I really minute Well, I must say when I read that it's a brought here to my arms These you were very kind however, you know the the project will not be complete until we're in date County competing with you Oh Oh, well, I look forward to that Carol has just stricken my heart Hey tremendous trip you to you on Camille and hopefully you in about eight years or so be calling me I might 20th anniversary if I live that long. It's a deal. You got it. Hey good talking. Thank you Okay Steve. Hi, bye bye. See you Wow He said you know you're pretty good except for a couple of minor character flaws. Is that what he said? That's what he said Yeah, I didn't pick the paper. Oh in the paper. Yeah, what but I'm working on it. Oh, yeah Like he's the Character Steve Steve is Steve and like you know like I said a guy you got to make a living you got to make a living Right, is that what it's all about? Right, and here's a man who's taken like this the fractions the numbers are so infinite Testable and seriously and made it into a living they got a eight million spots an hour and Rose Folger is PD and even buddy Bud packs him with his brilliant programming knowledge Couldn't outdo the programming on a light bulb so he buys the station leaves it all the same Yeah, if he doesn't do I mean when buddy Bud can put better programming on than you can and you know Good on him saying look at all the great stations. He's got yeah Look here's a man who by the end of this year will own 2500 radio stations in America Not one of them will be worth listening to now that's a talent you know what I'm saying Seriously how many formats can you come up with it nobody will listen to when Johnny dark and myself work together in the 60s. Yeah, so to buddy Bud wasn't he a local Salesman and one of the radio stations and we he bought one I mean, I'm sorry you remember he still owes me my two weeks from one That's right, right, and then I went back. Why did he write and then I went back to now? I remember yeah Yeah, yeah, and I called him one day he said I'm a port again Christian I never screw out You out of money and then all of a sudden I heard the dial tone buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy Hallelujah oh I wonder you know I should have asked you if they also want to light bulb have to Read that manual I think they do you know that Christian manual that buddy bud puts out I'm serious I have a I will bring it on Monday if I remember I have a copy I obtained through clan destiny means you have to read and sign this Remember I read some of that on here Yeah, and in Jesus name, it's said it went so on and then you have to jen you've liked and cross yourself and make the sign of buddy bud and it's Incredible 128 it's Wiod either It's a technological breakthrough Powered IOD Mobile ones say your customers can call for free IOD WTC wireless customers can call for free Pound IOD Number to remember I Bring from mobile one cellular ATOT wireless and news talk and entertainment radio 610 Wiod Would you like to read headlines like Dan Rather grass world events like Walter Cronkite Explain the news to the public like Peter Jennings No Then there's a trading center just for you the bird school of newscasters the bird school of newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or a TV in an unforgettable way People will be talking about your newscast all day after you grasp just a few pronunciations techniques You'll be saying things like a Carol says pull out plans for ordered after new evacuations of the piece agreement suggested It may rather do a valuation to the piece of Was it evacuation or a value? I'm sorry it's a back in the back way. It's a piece of the piece of agreement and And it's a highlight for me Thousands see secret tape recorded You'll learn to pronounce different government programs such as that to chop social security benefits and keep the public aware of top world events and The CIA would have to assess the contours or a assist the country And the bird school of newscasters will assess you and pronouncing for interns new view new home new home new home new wave home new Avow learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like 1920s movie star and kids graduate Charles buddy Rogers, Kansas and Other geographical areas such as Iran who lady Soviet young young North Vietnam Vienna, Australia and city such as Washington, D.G. San Francisco and penis Arizona called a bird school of newscasters now or right to bird school of news cancer Post or us is box one-o-three-three-five Fort Lodida Florida zip-cold Three-three-o-o-o you'll receive information on the school of newscasters as well as the school of speech writers School of poets and the bird school of court reporters the bird school of newscasters Where we guarantee the lowest Right So I remember so vividly I went to Pete Bolcher one day and I said Pete Are you gonna continue to allow me to get away doing this news like that and he just wait? Oh don't change anything don't change anything Like I said traffic you can easily do I do those me or so scarles there you go If you can say that you're hired although you don't have the ass for it to be honest with it. I see oh My god still last man How the hell did you how the hell did you manage to do this in this market for 20 years did I do what this? Just in this market just being here. I'll tell you one thing. No, we're knowing what I know now If I sat down and today with the first day and they said okay you got 20 years of this to do I would go home and blow my brains out. I mean no question about it I don't know hey I tell you what every day is a major challenge a stand would say if it wasn't for you I don't know what would become a real God cheers. I'm sure the bird is drowning in a few tears after you're coming out See it was worth my fighting Can't believe you have that for one thing hasn't seen the light of day. Oh, I got it And you can't wait I had arrived to the crust off of that Bolcher yeah no Well My shoe is true he comes all the way down here from Lakeland and you think it's my show just cuz it's my 20th anniversary Wait to hear this Now we're all even yeah, well, I was just actually I was just actually a lunch with Pete and Paul Castanova guy that I'm sure that you One of my favorites. Yeah, he's ripped off some of my best material I cast her Nova Oh, and by the way come to fight out thank God it was a joy What's his name Lauren said he had on this morning and not Vinnie? Thank God who had on cast her Nova oh I'm telling my god look at this the vending machine guys here whoa What were you just saying? I'm telling no film talking to the car I was just saying this that they pass along their regards as well and I know that you You received a facts from Paul and Mitch Lewis right safely over at that that Zeta I guess I did and I said thanks Mitch and and and and we want to tell you that how you've saved Damn radio for a snail saved a M radio in this town. Yeah And FM 2 on say that I had a lot bigger numbers than Paul does but hey, you know that was Howard was none here That's a good excuse. Back to him. There you go Thanks a lot Phil a best regards. Happy Christmas. See you. I was a little saltman was Phil Lansman Little saltman haven't heard from Phil saltman long time Yeah, and the Colonel number the Colonel. Yeah See you remember your good friend the big day while we have of course. I do how could I think I would think I could forget him Probably not no, I'm trying are you? Well, just goes to show you if you think you remember that bird thing was good way to hear this Reckham My name is Like you know It's the real under So Jim Scott is 137 that's what he said. Yeah, so anyway that was Capri tonight I think you know, I know if the great work that he did because that was the tremendous here We had on the way to I think we ought to take up a collection. He's you know, I mean he's going through a second childhood I mean when you're like 19 or 20 you know leave the house and you you just leave everything behind in your pack of bag And you go out and try to find your fortune when your Dave's age generally speaking when you have a good paying job in morning drive I love 94 working for a good up standing go eat guy like a buddy but packs and you just don't do that and go out to seek your fortune in LA He said it real good on that morning show on love me for yeah, so what was the problem? That that I don't so in other words if I give him your number in Lakeland for money is that Yeah, you'd be sure to do that I'll say the burn was in town the other day and he is really flush He came into what ton of money and if there's anything he can do for you to repay for those great days to completely change the subject Yeah, I have on my mind my biggest daughter Miriam was Miriam cutting my hair when you know no That Miriam Miriam come as in and cuts my hair I Miriam is the trim lady Larry King she is the quickest trimming I'm seeing it and you know that hideous talk show he does every night at nine o'clock. Who is it? Who I have to say the name again? I don't have a bonus, but yeah, yeah I've been doing this a long time every time I used to years ago every time I would turn that show on you know Yeah, and I mean every time yeah, I mean virtually every time every time every time every time I turn it on Larry would go Okay, to Cincinnati or whatever you hit the button and you would hear Howard Stern rule yeah And and Larry would go I don't know how to do a talk show. I don't know what that means yeah, and go to the next call and every single time I turned it on He would know I don't know what they're talking about He's been on that show one or he's called into the show at the time, you know Thanks, Miriam. He knew exactly what I was saying kiss no Cincinnati. Larry. You know what it is No, he knows what it is. Don't say no. All right. He missed the hardest. Yeah, no sense of humor. No Did you hear Larry King kiss my ass before Miriam She just wants to eat he don't care about me or Larry King. She just saw Flora's bringing tons and tons of pizza here She says blow it out to your ass fat. So I can't eat that don't you understand? We're not all as skinny I'm doing great. I've lost 35 pounds. I'm doing good. Look at this look at the gigantic Almost down to the next shirt size if I inhale real tight anyway It's one 40 a WOD All over South Florida baseball players are getting ready for the new season and so are we Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday March 5th 6th and 7th talk Marlins baseball with DFO and the Marlins live from Spring Training on news Talk it interfakin video 610 W-I-O-D Thanks It was a big man. He stood six foot Two or three Maybe even four was big. He was a big man waiting to 40 60 maybe 200 and maybe 300 pounds He was a big man walking a hall walking a land right in the radio riding the coast. He was Johnny died This is a story about a land name Johnny He was a big man Johnny to big man the legendary Johnny died He walked the land he carried a burrito in his hand Or was he just happy to see you? Was a long time ago long time could have been a year might have been two years A lot of been three could have been longer than that a lot of been six could have been ten he was out of work for a very long time He was a big man tall Walk the land burrito in his hand he was Johnny died Yeah, it's good for it's got a little it's got a little shrimp underneath the thing So shrimp for this shrimp so anyway, it's 143 a W-I-D Madden we heard from a list of a winners here today or what? Call after call celebrity after so yeah, I take a lot to impress me now I don't know which was a better-looking color Mike Disney. That's right. Yeah, they're right. They're already He was in close second. Yeah, they're sort of even it's hard to pick one You know Actually as good of a time as I'm having here today I'm really anxious more so than usual for two because I want to like sit off by myself and a corner somewhere and Kind of played the Larry King call and see if I could no no seriously I'm trying to figure out what it was. No, you're gonna be contemplating that all weekend You know what I mean? I'm trying to win Z-I-D You're gonna go home. You know, what do you do you usually take a nap? Or I will today. I'm under tremendous direct stuff that call you may not because there's one thing I wanted to say to Larry what word did you say exactly like what was he talking about him And don't stop looking now, you know, you keep thinking good you keep even saying that ever since the cause for hours I mean, but what was he talking about? I was positive it was gonna be feel Henry doing a voice or something. There's no way I really thought it was a Larry King how could a man like this a multi-millionaire known all over the I go to everywhere Europe I go to Rome I go to Berlin and you turn on CNN International he's there morning noon and night with those guy Them suspenders and that ugly push there he is you can't get away from him a man who's known worldwide Here's the guy that comes on a year three weeks ago. We got it on tape filled place at every five minutes The eroticis is the voice talk show host ever heard my life the voice talk host in a mirror and he comes on here And says Neil God 20 years and you're the best in the rest of your station sucks Who ever he's looking at the moment who's ever in front of us? It's the waste been for years. You know that exactly So happens to whoever's in tongue range. What's the question exactly how long can you lick and don't stop doing it now? That was astonishing so Johnny Darks you're got a lot of playing here. I'll tell you that now Don't you think you ought to play some of this on the coast to sift it on especially that Johnny Darks uh in asshole Oh God, well we would give to hear that just come on Johnny. Let's see what kind of balls you got magis one time alone Stereo on the coast oh man with that I get bet you to get 95 sure easy Q masin all those Julios here in that they would go nuts on the coast he get requests for it I wouldn't be surprised in fact you never who might be called I have yours me or so scarles exactly Here's Miami hello My name by the way, it was a maze to hear the Telomundo tape a little while ago you played it during the traffic The Telomundo tape you know what I'm the problem. Don't play it Yeah, they're in the traffic. Yeah, where was on Telomino? I could have played I But instead I play Speak it if I pop a one Pablo here's a several men legend in the wrong bodies Nice picture you in a herald by the way out Is it a they really want a picture No, I make it one I want to tell you something this man is so fat now he can barely breathe. Okay. It's no We had listen to me. We had Larry King on kissing my ass earlier in the show, which even I can't believe it was him No, now we're gonna hear outgold steins last breath live on the radio I almost had Peter North He was wound up for you, but he says he likes it then big you like you when you were fat Yeah, well, he ought to love you then He ought to be obsessed with you. I'm at a restaurant here and Beverly Hills a wet Holly would think at the best deal The cold afford to just two eggs To strip the bed to link so Hotk it with the online you know it's perfect on the egg. It just does forget the pancakes Is this the this qualifies the diet why don't you go on it? What is wrong with you? Do you have a death wish? You know, I think I think Ted Vundi had a point too much for an aggrafer to introduce you to what algal stein a compulsive overreeter You believe it I'm doing a hot cool point of scene in a three hours with Ryan Jeremy Yeah, it's not Ronnie and I run the annoying in a girl. Oh What I know just I can't I know something people are eating here. I'll right now I got their fingers down this road. Just thinking about this Happy 20th anniversary. You know radio is the lowest comment that nominated the fastest last for 20 years proofs Yeah, no question about that Love you, yeah, you're really a great guy. I know you don't want anyone to know it and right Reaches has been doing your really well his is a crystal said his wife said he has no energy for a woman when he's who with you Please practice. Oh, what a sense of humor you are Please use a contemplative record Yeah, I listen who can tell who can tell where to fight it when you got that force get in the way Happy anniversary. Thanks, oh, thank don't let us interrupt dinner. No, thank you You remember the day that you were here when he came in here and he did the Look at that just what we needed was that back again When he had the industrial sized box of cereal You remember that no, I'm not joking he ate he ate the entire thing it was it was no seriously It's like when a school that's got like a thousand students you know they get those gigantic in like an extra when it used to be open Which they're closed not by the way here and He ate the whole thing right out of the box and that was just an appetizer That was just for me for whatever was cooking downstairs at the moment Yeah, it's it's a miracle. That's one of the seven wonders of the world that that man can still be alive And he and he's doing a porno with yeah, it was run Jeremy Now Randy West tried to tell hi this is Randy West and they don't come any better than me No, and Neil Rogers Randy try to tell you community Aaron Summers when she has her porno star As guests no as a matter of fact because there's a little problem with Aaron actually a lesbian We don't want to go into it too deeply Seriously, we've ever seen Aaron and a seal and you've ever seen one of those seals those clapping seals in the yazoo Have you ever seen them together? There it is She gets our seal of approval. Oh, man the sex bitch. Don't worry about her to mine That's one way it's 149 it's WD we've got a party going on here today people that we don't even know who they are in here It's just incredible it's amazing it's almost But hey, that's all right we got pizza we got the hood of a lot of thank Lorenzo's brought we got Flora's is all right, honey from market didn't bring no food because he can't afford it But he did show his beautiful red face with the white hair and we had the who Crab house thank you so much crab house the lobster in the whatever else they brought to scallops Which I think river scour and who the hell brought all the steak Lorenzo's yes? They've got the best meat in the world you know that ponytail sat here eight there were like two big stakes in that One for George and one for me and Jeff Cohen mister. I'm starving, but thank God I had real good insurance He ate both steaks. He just sat down at eight left. Yeah, he sat there. It was really good No, I didn't see him at all. He just buried his head in the goddamn thing what a steak said That's way with the wiggle and he Not you'll be much more shocked when you're there forget about that I don't have time sorry pony tail we don't have time for this. I'm looking at the board I'm gonna give you a little clue is to who this is on here. Okay, listen carefully. I am that him right. Oh my god Joey Joey my best close personal friend I Missed and you on the lip Am I nose up kneels ass? Oh my god. Well I got news for there's no room left in my body Larry King finished to job two hours ago God he didn't he didn't miss an inch and in my case that's not much I'm calling you from the subway in New York today you can experience this smell of urine and refer So how's the sandwich they're doing great they lived out here with me. Yeah, and I meant the subway Oh, sorry about that they love us at subway. That was a bad move. I'll tell Joey's coming back Yeah, he is yeah Funny Bob what a sense of humor Back this week and they are obviously stopping by the house and our pain you're poor for you. Yeah, it looks like you already beat me to it So where are you living now? You're not living in the big city area? Yeah back and forth. I'm I'm on weekends I just get I mean I have to experience only the best of me also in other words you're still in plantation by me on a weekend Absolutely still have that house. Oh, so you're the guy that comes by resetting in and eggs my house. I've been trying to tell you I noticed that right so what's the story you got your on W O R? Yeah, I'm not working that before after Arlene Francis gets done and Joel Spectre Did see and we did dinner didn't her not didn't hurt you I'm still here. I know I Hi, Joey Yes, hey, man We had a good time I called Joey a few weeks ago Just to say hi you did. Yes, it's show is on in Lakeland and we said some positive things about you Neary. I know you can't stand it. I can't believe it positive in negative You didn't talk about my minor personality flaws like Steve Candidio. No I have some matter of fact last night's said what a brilliant broadcasts you are, but I know you can't take the heat so I won't go into it. Yeah So anyway, I want to wish you happy anniversary. I think you're the best and I mean you certainly were the best competition I ever had I got knocked on my butt Now listen, I got something I want to play for you, okay, Joey. All right, you'll love this this is what the day listen carefully You better than I am even the competition agrees the Neal Rogers show on W ZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the bomb beaches is the best morning show in South Florida I don't get the nice year on an A.M. Station as a girl in my house You're like stay timeless to quiet. You've got no problem with me even the other morning shows listen to the Neal Rogers show on Beautiful Ask your sounded like a joy how do you remember that? Well, how could I kneel what can I say you said it all right? Yeah, we called Joey or Joey called us when yeah We used to and that's one thing we'll say for Joey we can't say much else especially with Bill Marshall in the room But the one thing I can I can say is that we at least he and we had Tanner called before they let him out for a couple of days Tanner was on a phone and Said he find out sunny fox hasn't called it pisses me off But at least all you other guys the only one that was uptight about his calling on the ear was a beauty Yeah, and you also did call today and I read Richards and tears about it Joey was just great I remember that when we could not get in carry the way well Yeah, I just want to give you a big kiss. I'm stopping by the house tomorrow Oh, man, yeah, you'll see a big four-scale sign on a house Joey Good luck to pal. All right. I love you I am there see okay those were great days when you said come in the studio and kill you I miss the best yeah, he's just smell like a walking French horror house too. God what a joke So anyway, it's 154 a dubbing I OD Use talk at entertainment radio 610 W I O D Traffic backed up on 95 and there's an accident there And there's an accident on the palm metal near 200 and 238 street Somebody died somewhere else. I think on 38 street Something And that's Biversus pipe traffic I was me those caros exactly two many of those caros on the highway probably all go and real slow over by the airport So do we have like who's that on a bet line right now? Nobody thank God okay all the important people are now It's ringing W I O D Okay, all right that long line What is it? What do you mean wrong line? How they hung up? Like I said so we're almost out of time. Let's do one or two of these because these poor bastards I feel sorry for him really and if you believe that here's Kendall hello Neil and the bird this is a it's like a time warp today. It's warped. Yeah. You got it I've been out since 30 but it's been worth every minute you've been our holds since 10 30 Well must be turned in purple by now. Oh, I am God it's been worth every minute Neil I just want to thank you and to bird because I started listening back in tune of 89 And I've been hooked ever since you are basically the reason I have stayed down here Really, yeah, I think well I apologize you've had that space. It's been well worth it So what do you think I think today we proved that like once every six years or so the bird is dynamite on his show Yeah, and we can afford to feed him that For two hours. Yeah, the last two hours for a little a bit too much You know, so he started really getting into it again. He started really like Even came notice that you know, Stan how he said you've grown a big pair and you're like really assertive now And pretty soon you'll be sitting behind the big chair there I remember the first show I ever listened to you guys Yeah First show I ever listened to was a Yeah, yeah, beyond industry you're for a birthday yeah, I've been hooked from that day You know something great show you know something to show you that I still haven't lost it pal that if they they look at all these racks They think he don't know where anything is Don't guess what guess what Hot you know Gonna the road Stop it, man. It made I want to tell oh, man. It what I heard of for the sick. Don't stop you talking I want to tell everything I know We're like I want to break up the signal fight What people somebody's got to go You know You know Rich richy told the bird Tony any any Tell us Don't stop you talk I'm gonna tell everything I know You know like that yeah like that Remember that day when he said it here at Signature cap on that thing he gave me one he gave me one. Yeah, I'm still holding thanks a lot pal So uh if equation happy anniversary thanks for everything and Kyle nicely John okay Wow Rick Edwards god. Yeah, this is it for the old timeers today. Yeah, exactly like Disney god Stanley Cohen God yeah, well thanks to bird it's been great seeing you and thanks to everybody and it's been a pleasure And I'll act humble and all that other go home and open up all the good stuff and see what I got Use talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D