It's Friday, you bastard. Hi, this is Old J. Since I've been released from jail, I'd like to keep track of my bitches. So I recommend to you, New Old J Simpson's bitch Jack for women. Believe me, brothers, you won't get Jack with bitch Jack. Just attached a small homilivised to your bitches leg, and you can track her all around town. And just in case she cheated, she'll get a beaten. You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch Jack for women, let's out an inaudible beef in sound. It only you can hear. And once they catch her, she's all yours. She has been in this for some reason. We track down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her? Well, thank you, officer. Oh, handle this. You bitch. Don't you know I'll track and you with bitch Jack. I'm gonna cut your throat you bitch. I'm gonna shoot you. No, remember. Your whole won't get very far. With Old J Simpson's new bitch Jack for women. Hey, just because Old J's free. Don't mean your bitches got to be free too. Bitch, yeah. What's this obsession with hokey? Yes! Yes! There's a dream I lose. Deep in every heart. Oh, heroes got their name. That's the same part. And it's worth the sweat. And it's worth the pain. Because the chance may never come again. We'll give it all you guys. Take your discharge. The powers here to shine. Stay to move your chances. Yes! Yeah! For the give you life. Just if it's strong. Go away from your eyes. Take your distance, go. Just if you're in the end. And the way she's in the sun. Oh, you're the chance. Take your time again. Oh, no. The chance may never come again. Okay. Can 45 to go to the third place. Here's Yakuza, the center of the flower. Long shoot in, light by Gord, Murphy back up. And struck it. Let's look again. Great food by struck it. Don't worry. Good struck it. Let's go. Four. Lemue was six points in the series. And 46 points. And the playoffs. So he now trails. Go second. Buy a couple of them. That race. And he tries to join second. And the avalanche in the stand like a championship series. There's a three-bond team. Starts. Ned Vett will take the face off for Pittsburgh. A Gait Bryan Strubleen. Well, Mue boys didn't be high net there. But the pink is win the draw. Fitzgerald gets it down. So Bob Hustleman rings the dice to Daniel. He was hit by high. Now 20 seconds like the opinions are half to right. Here's the shoot in and the others. First one. Two. And this amazing story is going to continue. The play of the characters. That first keeps up. What are you doing? Marty Strucke. God. What I tell you guys. Just leave the line up to me and leave the plan to these guys. What a night. What a night. One of the most incredible nights. I was never nervous. Never had any doubts. Especially when you're going in here with the minute to go or whatever wasn't the game. I'll never nervous at all. Thank God for those towels, man. Now I know what Jerry Tarkeaning was chewing on it all those years in the towel too. Man, all man, is that come? That's in coming. I wouldn't have any teeth. I'd look like Radic Devorect today. If I didn't have that towel, man, I was biting and clenching and squeezing and, uh, oh, God, what a night. So I wonder what I didn't have a chance this morning to see the hero that wonder what Greg Co. Texas is writing this morning in the hero. What's he going to say now, huh? Mr. Smarty pants that we were going to lose to Pittsburgh in six games. Mr. Let's pee on your parade, huh? So typical for this towel. We finally, after a thousand years, we finally got something good going on here. We can be excited about it. We got a bunch of little people. They're especially at the hero. We want to pee on our parade. We're going to be a little bad. And going to work. And of course, you know what, Mario and Yager both said they said game seven is a bad thing because anything can happen. No matter where it's played, there's really no such thing as home I said, bad engine game seven, a little unlucky bounce over here, a little bad deflection over there. And all of a sudden, Panthers are in a goddamn finals. How do you like that? So what can I tell you? It's just one of the most miraculous things I've ever seen. I bet you there isn't going to be anybody talking negative about it today. Make no mistake about it. There will be nobody saying anything negative about it today. They're all going to be on the bad wagon. They're going to be falling all over each other. Every plane to Pittsburgh is good. They're going to be people on the wings on US gear. They're going to be all over those planes on a way to Pittsburgh. That town is going to have more damp Floridians in it than you've ever seen because quite frankly, who would want to go there otherwise. So I hope you had a good time. There last night we're going to like sit back and just pee all over the Panthers today. And over Doug McLean, who was wise enough to listen to my coaching chair. I told the guy, you know, if you want to do it your way, game five would be a good time. Okay, it's not a good idea. But if you want to try it your way, I'll give you one game. He tried it his way. It was a bomb. Even the Japanese never saw a bomb like that. And so we said to me, okay, we'll do it back your way. We'll put Woolly in there in a power play. We'll dress seven defensemen and we'll put struck in there. And how about that line? By the way, three of the four goals coming off the same line. Need a Maristroka and Melon be all of a sudden even woke up plan on that same line. How do you like that? I liked it. Let's get Greg Co. Greg Co. Text on line. Let's see what he has to say. In fact, we just still got that voice mail for the Harold. For Greg Co. Get that out while we're doing a break. I want to make sure that everybody lets him know how much we appreciate his fine journalism. What is it? What is it? 376. 376. 3492. 3492. 377. 33492. Let Greg Co. Text over the Harold though how much we appreciate what a great enthusiastic fan he is. 1013 at WIOD. No, where was everybody at this party when you and your old lady were doing it on top of the dinner? We were going through a couple of the annual tax and they were right there. They were walking up. As you go, they GM told midnight on news talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Okay, 1016 at WIOD. Let's see what we got there. What is this? Oh, we got a couple of facts. It's here once as a great fan. They heard his voice on the area today. And he must be hung like an elephant. Now, I want to tell you who the guys are who hung bigger than anybody in the world. And of course, I haven't been in the shower like marriage. I haven't been in a locker room. I'll know it might be kind of interesting. But the Florida Panthers man are hung like dinosaurs like gigantic monsters from outer space. I've never seen guys with such big ones as these guys. You know, last night we get the early gold to the disputed gold and we're head one nothing. And they look like we caught an early break there, which really was a big thing. And then the penguins tied up in a second period. They take the lead to the one and the opening part of that period man. They came out the outshot is nine to nothing. And they started the second period. I thought, oh, we're in big trouble. Then we outshot them. I think it was 16 to one in the rest of that period. Can you believe that? 16 to one. But in the meantime, they had taken a two to one lead. And really the turning point in all of the stuff last night was Billy Lindsay's goal. And this kid, here's an unsung hero man. Here's a kid who just does everything out there. And nobody, you know, gives him a lot of credit. But Billy Lindsay, he scores the big one. He had that incredible goal against the Bruins. You know, the one that's on at the lithograph. He's just done so many incredible things. And yet when you talk about the Panthers, very few people first will say, hey, Billy Lindsay, there's the guy that really are, you know, rocks that ship. But when he tied it up there and it was kind of a, you know, we got traffic in front of a barazz. So that's what you got to have. And when he got that rebound and stuck it in there, that turned a whole night around. And then we take the three to two lead. My buddy, Marty, Strakko, what a move, baby. What a move. He's got moves that most guys in league could only dream of having. And he gets the perfect return pass from Billy Lindsay, like I said, and sticks it in there. And then the penguins come back and tied up three, three. Now at that end, Mario, it's talking about moves. He just baked everybody out of their job. Passed it right in front to the stands to me. He's all alone. It's three, three. At that point, you figure, ah, geez, maybe we're going to go to overtime. And we don't like overtime to begin with. And it's a dangerous thing. And all of a sudden, less than two minutes later, here we are. And here's Niedermire, who is really much up on it. Like I told Doug McLean, since you put him out there with Strakko man, he is much Up all of a sudden, his kid is dynamite. And he gets his own rebound and sticks it in there like he just heard that's it. One of the most phenomenal sporting events in history, even though it's only game six of the semi-finals, I do understand that. But is there anything else that could happen that could possibly be better, except, of course, winning Saturday and going onto the finals, which would really piss off the media too bad and really piss off Greg Kotex and some of the other local P on your parators. Now, what was it? A depot picked Pittsburgh and six. Nice going, depot. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I only got a couple of things to say. First off, you know, always big panther fan. It's just unbelievable. I'm almost speechless last night. I couldn't get tickets to a game. I tried to try. I was going nuts in my house. I swear I thought my heart was going to jump right out of my chest. Yeah. I got a lot of my life. I got to stop by if you want one for you. Yeah. Marty Strocka. I love you, man. Oh. Alright. I like to call my friend John out there. John, I know you're listening right now. You're a big, fat, wreck, hairy, dude, fat, Neil. Panthers. Okay. It's ours, baby. Okay. Get out of here. We'll open line on the green line. 1 899 449 466 31800 in Rick Rally. And notice they spent, because I heard some of the show ahead of. I had a meeting this morning by the way with the packs and people over there in North Eight. And they were extraordinarily nice to me. And it was nice to see people to again and a whole bunch of people. Virtually everybody in that building I've worked with. Of course, I guess when you're in a market for 20 years. You've worked with virtually everybody. And it was great. And they love me. They love George even, which goes to show you how he pulled the wool over their eyes. Exactly. And it was great. It was very positive thing. I just mentioned it because I know that even people in the audience are having a lot of Constellation and Constellation and getting all that out of shape. And, you know, and it is a very sad thing that feels not going to be a part of what We're going to be doing. But other than that, I don't perceive a whole lot of changes. I think there's going to be a lot of continuity in what we're doing and what you like in that, et cetera. And life goes on. Thank God. Okay. Here's a four-laterdial on the purple line. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. I'm doing phenomenal. How about you? Well, last night. I'd say you said you were a little nervous. And my wife and I were sweating up, rain's out. I was so, I, well, I'm doing a tell you. In fact, I saw last night on the, when I got the highlights off the tape. I saw this reaction of Brian Murray and Bill Tury up in the box when we let Yager walk in here and nearly tied up in the last minute or two. And I was biting that towel. So Ben, I had my hands around my head. I just, I mean, that was a gut wrenching moment that I'll never forget. That God, the teaser was like, right on top of it at that moment, or we'd have been and we could still be playing. Yeah, because it was amazing as when we scored and we tied up and they tied. Right. And they got to go and we got to go and there's gone back and forth. I said, the last goal is going to win. But I said that a little bit, two premature, but it was great. Well, I could say. And by the way, much by the way, 40 shots last night again. This is the 10th post to be boring. 40 shots, 61 shots last Friday. And here's the team. So that's over 100 shots in two of the games in a series. And yet we're the team that's supposed to be boring, right? Yeah. And thank you enough because you're the one that got me back into hockey. I used to watch it many, many years ago. And when I lived up in New York a long time ago, and it is the greatest. It is the greatest. And especially Stanley Cup playoff hockey man. There's not a care world series, Super Bowl. There's nothing like the Stanley Cup playoff. That's true. Why need you to help the one problem? Right. Tomorrow night, I got tickets for tickets for my wife and I and some good friends. But we haven't seen it a long time to go to the baseball game. The only problem is tomorrow night's the hockey game. What am I going to do? I could bring a radio when I could keep the game. But it's still not being there. Yeah. Find some people to want to go see a baseball game. Find some underprivileged kids or something. You need to get my tickets for my friends and tell them to use whatever they want. Sure. Yeah. Stay home. Stay home. Stay home. Stay home. Stay home. We might just shot the hell out there. There's a hell listen of she's this. She's that fickle who needs her. Yeah. Get your priority straightened out. There you go. Okay. Have a great day. And back to open line on the purple line. It's mobile one cell 18 T wireless pound. Yeah. I'm in my glory because this is something that I love and I've been promoting it for years and years. Especially last three since we had a team here and by the way did anybody see. I'm sure you did because I know they put it on the cameras. When Wayne and Marty Hezinga were doing a thing there after a stroke is go. They were. It's an incredible thing. Forget about all the money at least for a minute or two. Okay. I mean, we got a couple of fans there like I told you when they came back from the loss in Pittsburgh. The other night three nothing lost. There's two people meeting him at the two thirty or three in a morning at the airport and it's Wayne and Marty Hezinga. These are fans now, man. That's what's got me excited. The all the other stuff well we can discuss that. But these are a couple of real fans. So if you really believe he's held a nesting man, I got some real cheap land in the middle of the sawgrass for you. 1023 Wild. Every Sunday night at 11 p.m. The rookies take over 610 Wild. It's the amateur hour called New World like it. Wanna talk? Send your tape. Wild. 141 North Bay calls way Miami. 33141. New World like it. And that's a fact. From news talk and entertainment radio. 610 Wild. I'm just getting the fish wrap around here. The hero look at this. Still a rat race. They got a big picture on our front page. A big article by Dan Lobass dude on there in our front page. And now they got a big thing here. Still a rat race with a huge picture of Baraso Don. There's Melonby in a crease and a puck. That was the disputed goal. The only thing I don't understand about that. Maybe somebody here explaining to me. I've never seen a video review on a goal that took as long as that one didn't. The referee Terry Greggson went over there. He's talking to the guy upstairs and reviewing it. And then Scrootlin went nuts like, yeah, it's a goal. And the crowd went nuts and you're coming to the rats again. And then they're like talking about it again. And again, and again, and it was, I guess we ran out of rats for the moment. And he said, OK, finally, we got no more rats. It's a goal. Let's go back and play some more. I don't get that. Now the second one I heard Rick ask about that. The reason the second goal wasn't the goal is because there was a lead penalty coming against us. And the whistle it already blown. I think Baraso heard the whistle and the red light never came on anyway. They had let a play it really technically stopped. So the penalty, although a couple of times in a game, Greggson called Penelis on us. And we had possession of the puck and play kept going on. And that was one of them and you wondered, how to help can the penalty be on us? Because we're in possession of it. But anyway, we're not going to worry about that. So as Greggco attacks, oh, here it is. Here it is. Super star stifling strategies, successful. And by the way, Mary Ole Muses were the best defensive team he's ever played against. How do you like that? So let's see. Okay, talks about Lemieux and younger and covered him like a blanket. And Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, how does he make any reference to what an asshole? He is or not. Are we supposed to forget about that? No. There's nothing in here about any of that stuff. It's just about partner in Spailin, Murphy, and Mary Ole and this one and Dave Roe, and Van Beesbrook and this one. No, nothing in there about Greggco. And how he tried to pee on our parade. We don't forget it. I'll tell you that. Here's a man who could knock it in there last night. And I feel so bad about that. I'm good at it. But I got too flussy about the tickets that I had. Should have been flussy. Should not have been flussy. I know, not last night. But about that, the spirit of goal. Yeah. There was a penalty, obviously, on delayed penalty. Right. What happened is, Barato hit the puck with his stick. It bounced off his defenseman and into the net. Right. Now normally, when they get control of the puck, the whistle blows and it's no goal. Right. That says that there's two exceptions to that rule. One is if it goes off a goal, he's sick. And the other one is because off the clothing of the, of the, of the team that's being penalized. Right. And it's like, both things happened on the same plane. Right. And therefore, the goal was a route. And it wasn't a stop at sure. It was really funny because the, you know, the rats came out immediately. And then they cleaned those all up. And then they had the big discussion the first time. And then when school had went nuts, even before Greggson pointed to center, right, scruly went nuts. And then they threw them out again. And they came out and cleaned them up. And then he came to center right a third time. And it, and I don't understand what they were arguing about it. That's good. And then it was the case of, well, that once they cleared that up, it was the case of whether the, the goal had gone off the coast before it after the goal was scored. Uh-huh. And it was very clear on the replay that the, the puck went in first. Oh, yeah, you could even see that in Eurina on that crappy diamond board. We got, you could see that that it was, it was close. But the puck was in there. And then they got to see the, and that got to his loss. But it was in me for that. It was a, something I'd to be there. Are you flying up tomorrow? No, I, you know, we had a chance. Remember offered me a ticket. So I couldn't have tickets for tomorrow. And I put, I think, with all these stress in the strain and the, it'll be a lot easier and better in this case to sit back and watch it on TV, you know? Yeah, right come on. Besides who do how wants to go to Pittsburgh? You're going to be like, so, the track tonight? Or, you know, no. Yeah, track sounds good for tonight's matter. Fact, I'll make you deal. I'll be there. You know, it's in between. It could chance to take it easy when. Yeah, and they can ice contribution. I'll be there. Okay, Ricky. Fact, rich there. It could not get in. So if anybody else tried like crazy to get in last night, which I'm sure a lot of you did. If that man couldn't get in there. And the thing of it is lucky said he could got it. Got it. Got it. But he was too picky. They gave him some nosebleed seats. He's not not for me. Not for me. And now, of course, he regrets it because just being inside the building and being part of that last night was just. There are no words to describe it. You had to be there. And of course, when Rick Riley, who's, you know, he's, he's learning. He's become a fan. But when he can get that psychotic about it, he did then you know it must have been phenomenal. And it was. It was just like non stop, but just kept building and building to a gigantic crescendo when people were like on the edge of their seats and biting their nails. And the great part of it is, and that last minute there after Yager had that one real dangerous chance that we were like biting our fingernails up to our armpits. After that, we did a real good job. And we kept clearing it out. And like you heard there with Chris Cuthbert on a replay in the last 40 seconds or so. They were never, had any kind of a shot and we kept poking it out when it doubt poked out. That's what we're saying about Claude Lemuse eyes when it doubt poked out. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Oh, hockey god. Yes, I am. Marty Strockock, God. Oh my god. I just got to tell you, thank you so much last November, October. I was on the road for my company and I listened to you talk. I've been listening to you since the day after you got rid of the bird by the way. Oh, I heard you talking about hockey and I said that's something like good idea. I took my fiance. We have been addicted. I introduced you to myself to you. I guess a week after you birthday. Anyhow, we've been going to games, went to one of the playoff games with Flyers and it was game five or six. And then have been watching, religiously, the playoff and that game last night was outrage. I would all to you, Neil. Great. Never knew what a sport this was and I'm addicted to that. And even the coach, the coach, I haven't heard from him at all which I'm kind of shocked and disappointed because I know there's a play in Cleveland at two or two thirty for Pittsburgh, but I would have thought there'd have been a telegram here saying thanks for, you know, bringing me back to my senses and seeing the light and put in a stock aback in there. And did you see his quote in a sun-cental this morning? Not yet. I have my lunch back. That's what I'm doing. It's a one of the inside pages because needless to say the articles go on forever. Here's the big thing on a front page. Keep believing in a big picture in his. But we're going to, I want to make sure I'm quoting him exactly because this is kind of a delicate thing. Um, no, no, I can't find it. He says it's kind of like sticking it up the coaches, but is what Doug McCleain said about because he kept the Struck out of game five and he sticks him in and he scores a gigantic hole in place phenomenal. So I'm kind of paraphrasing, but that's really what he said. It's kind of like sticking up my butt. And he got upset about my saying that he was in the showers with Struck at the other day. He gets pissed off about that. And he's quoting in the newspapers talking about Struck as stuck it up his butt. How do you like that, Mr. Sensitive coach? He's got a lot on his mind right now and he'll give him a break. Okay. Hey, uh, like what? I gave him the winning formula and all he needs is to implement it. I love it. This is my last day on the current company on with. I'm going back on the road. So I will be your faithful listener. I'm going to have a listen to you for the last four months. Well, it's about time you got with it. About time you came to your senses. Yep, I'm at my desk, which put me on hold for a few minutes. Have a great day, pal. Thanks, you see ya. We have an open line on the green line. Boy, she gets a bad information by the way. 1 800 spoiled my whole day yesterday. She'll be pleased. Being Jewish, you'll appreciate that boy. Because like no, seriously, call up my mother. She'll give you so many high points. She'll she'll high five you over the phone and send you 20 cases of Mandelbread. Oh, he was cratching all day good. That's what life's all about. Isn't it nice going, Cheryl? I'm telling you, she'll be very proud of you. I'm going to come in here and slap you in the head in a minute. So anyway, we have an open line on the green line. 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 800. And so when I walked in over there this morning, they looked at me and said, what's not to like? Just like my mother would say, what's not to like? Here's a Pembroke Pine's hello. How are you feeling? Phenomenal. Actually, when I got a hand to you, I mean, I heard you yesterday talking about put Marty's drop a back in. Get Jason Wolley back in there. Did that kid play a game last night? I wasn't. Wolley coming up and stopping the moon and it opened that. Yep. Was that was that some Phenomenal blocker, huh? Oh, man, for I almost forgot about that play. From your mouth to Doug McLean's ears. To God's ears, right? Hey, I got a quick question for you. First of all, talking about Wayne High's name, did you see the lapel pins he had on and a rat hanging had the big rat. Oh, yeah, he's been doing that for last three or four games. What a marketing genius. Yep. Secondly, the song that they play in the NHL after the goals, rock and roll by Gary Glitter, right? Any idea how that came to be hockey tradition? Oh, started that where it came from. I really can't tell you that somebody will probably know which arena that started. But I mean, one of the things now, for example, in Toronto, they don't play that. They play that shake your body, whatever that thing is called. And now they do. Don't you know what I'm talking about? No, what you're talking about? Yeah, what's the name of that? Well, if I couldn't even tell you. Again, but you're laughing, see, because I don't know what it is either. But that's what they usually play. They have some other stuff. But they play that most of the time on the Leafscore goal. But one of the things that disturbs me is that, like, football and hockey games, most of the arenas and the stadiums, they have the same tired song over it. And it gets kind of, uh, monotonous. That song in particular pumps me up, pumps the crap up, and pumps the team up, and enjoy listening to you, Nail. Thanks a lot. Okay, thank you very much. Shake your body. What is the name of that? What's the name of that? Shake your body. Like I said, that's the name of that. I told you that by who? Technotronic. Oh, yeah, Technotronic. Well, there you go. Now you're talking. What do you expect from an old man like me? I know crap like that. Next you'll be asking me what we're playing on Zeta. By the way, people, as you did say, we're going to be playing a lot of CCR on a show. Rollin', rollin', rollin', a lot of credence clear water. Hey, it'll fit right in. So anyway, well, they're old too. 1035 at WIOD. Get... When you talk live on 610 WIOD, you'll be recording, and we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it. It's Friday, you bastard. Being gay in the world today takes everything you know. You're a good guy. Now you want to be legally married just because you're squat. Wouldn't you like to get away? Okay. Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay. I hear that key west is okay. Oh, you want to be down on your knees? You're a sadly toss and go away. You want to go where everybody knows you're gay. Okay. Being gay in the world today, I think is really nuts. Your lifestyle makes you smile. You like big hairy bucks. But don't you hate those starchy stains. Yeah. Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay. I think that lies being so great. I kiss on the lips right by your hips. From a girlfriend seems okay. You want to go where everybody knows you're gay. You want to bend for your best friend, but I sing on his cake. You want to go where everybody knows you're gay. Okay. There's a dream that lives deep in every heart. You've got that name. That's just they've done it. And it's worth the sweat and it's worth the pain. Because it's just they never come again. Can't be 25. We've got a bus there. Great. So you're a younger, just give a black flower. Why are you shooting white by court for feedback? I've been struck. I've spoken again. Great food by struck. Don't listen to struck. Just give it a shot. Go the famous rise. It gives it a shot. It gives it a shot. It gives it a shot. It gives it a shot. It gives it a shot. So you're a younger, just give it a shot. You're a younger, just give a black flower. And it's worth the sweat and it's worth the pain. It gives it a shot. It gives it a shot. It gives it a shot. Okay, 1042 and WIOD. Only one negative, I don't want to pee on our parade either, but I will say this, that some of you people out there, just a small handful, some of you just don't know how to behave. During the national anthem is not the time to be thrown rants or any other crap on the ice. And then later on in the game, you know, when the goals are scored, nobody loves the rants more than I do. But other times, like when you start delaying the game and you make us look like a bunch of fools nationwide, coast to coast all over North America and probably all over the world it's on right now. Who the hell needs that? You know, those people that just keep even stuff because, you know, they're all wrapped up or their drunk or should be wrapped up, get them out of there. Here's somebody we're trying to get out of our lives. Anyway, two perfectly. Why are you chronically? Oh, I'm terrible. Listen, since you got that gobladder fixed. I know exactly what McLean said. It was incredible. Yeah. He said, he stuck it up my ass. I like when they do that. I wish they'd do that more often. Does that what he said? That's very exact. You're your band from the arena now. You're going to. No, she's exact word. Yeah, right. I swear. That's what he said. I swear to God. That's what the coach of the Florida and you know, I hit it laughingly in the whole place just cracked up. You can hear all the reports. I've heard through the grapevine that he was a little bit and he'm in his wife or a little upset that I made some jokes. Yesterday, I bought him a shower, Strockett wouldn't let him shower in the stall next to him. So I don't believe it unless you hear it from him. And he's all been out of shape about that. And now, yeah, that's right. I heard secondhand from that crude rumor. You know what a crude news. He's so uptight about the life in general. I'll tell you what I'd be uptight, too. If I had to go do a Reno football while the band there's a playing game seven and Pittsburgh tomorrow night. I'm not even able to watch it on television. Oh, my God. I'm got my baby shower tomorrow night at seven o'clock. And you're going to your baby shower? Once you just put the baby in the bathtub and just, you know, just put the hot water in. You know, that's, or how about it like in a paper? It's not even born yet. You're having a baby shower. How can you do that? The only good thing is I won't have to watch it on my TV with the one foot crack in it with the two-inch black stripe going up. That was still a little heaven's first yet, huh? Andy, you better give me a call. The amount of my second screen. Oh, oh. Oh, man. Listen, one thing I noticed, women really get into the sport. My wife couldn't give a crap about the dolphins or marino or anything else. But let me tell you why. She was going to have to use the age. I don't think it's the baby right during the carpet for the day. Really? When that have been something, you could have named it Puckface. Yeah, well, it would have been perfect. Wouldn't it? Puckface. The publisher, you've been called that off in your life or let's have that sounds like. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, you, you packed it coach. Yeah. You packed the line. How'd you like that line last night, huh? Three of the four goals. First, we had Melon B that we had struck in and Robbie Nidimar, who's a waking out of that slumber man, they were just dynamite all night long. Listen, all that can happen. And not just the goals that they scored, but how'd you like to say? And you notice when we had the four on four a couple of times, which I don't like four on four against the penguins because they're their faster dangerous. You noticed who we put out there four on four. He put out, struck and Nidimar. Our two fastest guys. What's your last night was what? Jovo played a lot less last night. Well, we had seven defensemen dressed plus you didn't see that much because he didn't make any mistakes. He played a solid game. Yeah. He just didn't make any mistakes. Thank God. Scrootland is incredible. Toward the end there, toward the end, wariner and Murphy were both had a case of cough up disease. That was just puke it in that towel. I was having an nervous breakdown. Did you see Scrootland hit the mu in the face? No, I didn't see that. That was terrible. Yeah. And also, you know, then he put Scrootland and how far they're on the four on four on the other. I thought, oh, boy, we got a couple of slow guys. But they played dynamite. They were four checking. They kept it in the end of the whole day. Yeah, I did see what he did to the mu. Oh, terrible one. Yeah. Too bad. In closing, I've got one thing to say for tomorrow night. Yes? No changes coach. All right. Have a good day. We have an open line on the green line. It's in the Palm Beach, 28944946318944Wild. This town is pumped up. Okay, I'd listen. I didn't even give you a score yesterday. I kind of mumbled six to which is no or even close. So I knew we were going to win. I was confident. I had a good feeling about that game last night, legitimately and honestly. There were times during the game. I didn't have such a good feeling about it. Like early in the second period when we were in a coma. And then after they tied it up there on it, I'll tell you one thing about Mario Lemieux, man. Just when you figure he's not doing much, we got him all tied up and he makes that incredible play. And he just they try to anticipate his moves. And all of a sudden he's skating around this one. He's skating around another guy. He's skating around three guys. And he makes a lovely little pass. His hair and he'll would say to the open guy, Sansstrom all alone, no chance for the beast. And it's tied up fast to that you can say douchebag. But we come right back and eat them our stuff that went in there and that place he erupted and went crazy. And the last six minutes with the exception of the younger chance, which was, oh, we're just mind gut wrenching. With the exception of that, they really never had too many chances there in the last six minutes. Thank the Lord. And we did it. We did it. And everybody was on their feet at the end. There was nobody who left early. Everybody was having a parade. But they were parting in their pants. It was dynamite. It's what I've been telling you for years now. And they're finally catching on. OK. I've been telling you about the good stuff and they're finally catching on to it. Better late than ever. 1047 a WIOD. It's madness. It can't be a Toyota. By the way, speaking of Kendall Toyota, who's at the Game Last night, Mark Jacobson's there. Oh, that's right. Haven't seen him in a game and who knows how long has he been in any games. But now that it's a big stuff, there is Mark Jacobson there. He don't want to miss off out of the bandwagon. This two-dennied at 80's during five Pacific. It's game one of the Stanley Cup final. And the Champions of the Eastern and Westfring Conference is face off. And don't miss Fox tracks. The glowing electronic clock. Remember baseball, Monfock's premieres Saturday. On the label, Monfock's. When the braves face the reds. Cat Fox Saturday, baseball tomorrow at 12.30 on WSVN7 Fox. So, for a lose, you. As I said, that she was building the water. Wash clothes. But she does routinely. And that's why she's got to cut the water from self-floor. It was premiered news team. We got some strong opponents, Monfock. With any strong opponents, our buddy gets the phone calls. We're eating the real. We love those news. News talking entertainment radio. 610, WIOD. They're gone. New, God. New, God. I can just like Stacy Kease cocaine. I like cry healthy wine, if you buy. cocaine. One of Dallas' stars. My wife of me, I'm ours. We're cocaine. We like all of you. We got caught in a car when you bought cocaine. They play for us, but I'm rusted. They're all new just. Oh, baby. OK, 1053 at WIOD. Here's a fact that says that Brian Smolinski is a Spartan. But so are the penguins, Kevin Miller, and the Panthers defenseman Jason. Oh, can we get an all right for Jason's fine goal saving shot block when B's it was out of position in the game last night. I think Matt is going to do it. Oh, right. There you go. It's at least he can do. Mr. Hot Shot. Anyway, it's 1053 at WIOD. A lot of people are changing their tune now all of a sudden, because like I said, it comes down to one game. And even if they beat us tomorrow night, a hundred to nothing, which they won't. But even if they did, can it really spoil our parade right now? I don't think so. Because now it's all anti-climactic. There were five games away, five wins away from the Stanley Cup. Do I think we match up well against Colorado? No, but did I think we match the ball against Philadelphia? Not really. Did I think we match the ball against the penguins? Hardly. So what difference does it make? Because like I said, when you got balls, the size of watermelons, it doesn't really make any difference. And every one of those guys on his team, I don't even know how these guys walk around. In fact, I wondered why Jodie was walking so strange when he came up to say, hi, the other night, the arena. When you're on a hike like a moose, when you got the elephant size, it's pretty hard to walk around without dragging a little bit. Here's a Liberty City, hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Phenomenal. Unblubable. Yes. Give me a first and third period of last night. Marty Strockup playing that serious offense with Phil Lindsey playing a great game. Right. Defense by Jason Moore, that guy took the puck from the stomach. Right. Oh, that was a great blockpoint. That was a, that was, that was, that was like the guy said in this fact, that was a game saver right there. If we can play like just the first and third period, forget the second period. That wasn't so great. But the first and third period. Well, yeah, but you know what you're forgetting? Even though they outscored us two to one in the second period, like I said after they got the first nine shots in the row, and one of them was Kevin Miller's goal had tied it up at that point. But we outshot him, 16 to one or something in the rest of that period. Yeah. I mean, we really came back on like wildfire. Yeah. The rest was earning his paycheck. Yeah. One thing that we learned is that we can't take a little time off in any of these games, especially Saturday. We've got to play three full solid periods in constant trade, which isn't easy to do. But we can't afford to take a few minutes off. Yeah. Can't give Yagra those breakaway. Right. You can't let my argument sound like that. I mean, you just do the two best players in the game. But that damn Yagra man, every time he gets to the puck in a corner, especially, and he just, he just keeps getting away from guys and gets an O.A. They got two guys on him to try to get the puck away. And he just keeps digging and digging in with one army, stronger than most guys with two arms and he keeps spinning these guys around in circles and making moves. And they come out of there and he's got the puck. He's just unbelievable. He's got the little tight moves. He's arm moves, inches. Yeah. A puck just takes off. Right. I don't know he does. He's phenomenal. We should have had a satellite dish like you do. ESPN the worst. That first goal that Melon Beagle. Yeah. Yeah. The second or third curve before they figured out what the hell was going on. They had no idea. I mean, they had a crappy camera angle. You actually couldn't tell if Melon Beagle the puck went into. Oh, CBC had it perfect as usual. I were right at the top of it. No hockey. No, they're crazy. They're the official religion up there. Right. ESPN is a bad camera angle. They're going on about that. They talk about the penalty. It's obvious. No one had control the puck. Right. On the delayed whistle. Right. We're wondering whether the puck went in first or Melon Beagle. And then finally after 10 minutes, 15 minutes, they finally showed you the other camera. But you can see, yes, the puck went in first. Absolutely. Jesus. I don't know why they had so much trouble. Because on that part of the dispute, you could see it like I told Rich. He read on a diamond board up there, the diamond vision right inside the arena. You could see that. Pock goes in and that comes off. Even the idiots that work at the arena, I mean, they've worked in the games. They know how to put the going on. But he has to hand that and got it figured out. Yeah. Well, they're too busy putting this down. They're too busy talking crap. Yeah. It's unbelievable. No, I just can't take him anymore. Idiot. But take. We first of here. Okay. We're proud to go back. See you, pal. All right. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I'm going to go back to the game. I like I said. The only negative thing is some of the people with a rat, there's a time and a place. Learn the time. It's not a question of if you're going to throw them into a question of when. That's what I was thinking myself this morning. It's not a question of if. Okay. Let's do a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been to a lot of sporting events. I think last night's game was one of the best sporting events I've ever attended by Fan Wies, excitement, hockey. Absolutely. It was absolutely fabulous. I think the rest might have had a problem with the phone on the melanchoon be go because he was looking up at the box with a guy's eye and he was doing hand signals. He kept getting disconnected. Yeah, I think that's what it was. I think they had a problem with the phone. I know that. And so I had my rat and I kind of half throw it and then I'd hold the pack and I tapped throw it and then I hold it back here. That's right. Yeah, that was because when screwed on when a shot there, I thought, okay, it's in. I was screaming at Neil and then they kept going back over there. I've never seen that before. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, yeah. And what about the games started when Stanley sees fans or attacked a penguin? That was beautiful. What an beautiful. I loved it. Listen, I called up ticket and asked him to take the biggest morning at 9 o'clock and I got two tickets to the game up there. I'm flying up to my own. Are you cereal? I'm serious. There were two single. I called up and asked him if there were any seats together. He had single seats only. I got two single seats in two separate sessions. But hey, I'll go up there and I'll go and sit in my session. Whatever tickets better. If I can't get anyone to go with me, I'll just go ahead and sell the ticket. There you go. I got two tickets through ticket master. I got the number. I called up. I got two tickets. Hey, listen, I guess it's easier getting them for up there than it is down here. Yeah, you know, I would notice there were no two seats together, but they had single seats available. I got four for that. So it was great fans, man. I got a hell of a team, but the fans, a lot of games during the regular season. Even against good opposition. You see, empty seats up there. Yeah, no, I mean, I got, it was no problem. The guy goes, yeah, I got a single seat here. And then I can only do one transaction at a time. I couldn't get two, I had to do like one ticket, pay for it, and then another ticket, and I thought by the time the first transaction goes through, I'll never be able to get the second seat. Right. But we're still available. Beauty. Okay, pal, have a great time. All right, thanks, Neil. Bye. See you. And excellent thing, a beautiful thing. I bet you've got a bunch of people going up. We have an open line in Brown. Of course, I know somebody that's going to be doing a renauté football while the game is going on. But hey, you know, it's just one of those things. We all got to eat. You know what I'm saying? We got to do what we got to do. Let's get this crap settled. It's a game. Let's play hockey, W-I-O-D. Miami Fort Lauderdale. You've been talking in her team with Radio. 6-10, W-I-O-D. Good morning. It'll love in a clock. I'm Terry Griffin with 6-10 W-I-O-D news. Oh, Neil. My queen. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. When they told me mama, Don't know what they mean. Crazy day till they go. And some projects are right free. It would be so sexy. It'll kill a friend. Me for my whole morning. Won't be alone till you think. I'll live without fun, no one. I'm just a family in the material world. And I am a material world. I am living in the material world. And I am a material world. Kind of a frightened thought that she's reproducing. But what the hell? It's not all that hard. So to speak. That's what he said. It's 11-06-W-I-O-D. Happy Friday. Boy, what a weekend. This is going to be, huh? What a weekend. This is going to be. Before those guys get on a plane by the way. They should all know that winter lose. We've each and every one of them. Some of them are more than others. But they can't all look that good. But, uh, and even the coach, okay. I'll overlook some of the stuff. The fact that he tried to show how much smarter he was than I am. We all know that's not true. So, staff Ryan Murray, man. Help tell you. You're not eating those pastries that were out in the hallway, are you? Yes, I am. Pig. Why? It's like, I'm calling Dr. Atkins, right? It's like banana bread or something like, well, it was a banana. Red. Yeah, banana. Not real bread, but banana bread, which probably even worse because it's got sure. And it's really good, too, by the way. And I think there's one more piece I'm going to eat it. Whether you like it or not, smarty pants. Ah, in fact, that's one thing I told the Paxon people of Smordnac. George is okay, but he's the noziest bastard. Yeah, and here's Boca. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? And they said, well, you know how those spicks are. I said, yeah, that's true. Okay. How you doing? I just want to reiterate. I was at the game last night. And I have to say, I've been to sporting events for 30 years. And that was the greatest sporting event I've ever been to. Amen. I think that the crowd will send to win in the third period. The noise level kept getting larger and you could just sense the energy there. We're reflecting down the ice. You'll be pleased to know that when the game started on a CBC because I got my tape at home and Chris Cutsberg came on and said to John Garret. He said, we've talked about how the loud it's been in there every night. All through the playoff. But he said, I don't think it's ever been as loud as this. And that was in the beginning. And it just kept getting louder from there. One player I have to really have to give some Lord to an F Bill in. Right. I think if you noticed in the second period they were leading to the one. If they got another goal. That's right. I said before maybe it didn't hear it. I said that was the turning point of the entire goal. And you got to look what he has done. He scored the game winner against Boston the six games. Right. In Philadelphia in the sixth game. He was the one who picked up the loose prop came in on a break away in the Stars. They brought in the sixth game in Philadelphia. Right. I think he's the money player on the team and look what he did when he got. He fed the pass back to Strockett. Exactly. But when you if you watch Strockett last night from the get go he was on fire. Yep. And I just hope McClean keeps Jason Wollian him in the line up. I agree. But I gotta say when I walked out of your rena's of the consensus was that that it didn't matter what happened in the Saturday because for the Panthers to win it in front of their fans. Right. I think we already want to stand like that. Right. I think they've done it. And I think I got to say I just want to make sure people don't stand there. There is nothing better than what this team has done in South Florida history. Right. Thank you. Goodbye. All right. We have an open line on the Green Line. He said it extremely well. He's absolutely right. And if this sounds a little bit seropy today too bad. We don't care if you don't want to be part of our party like that bitch that call yesterday. I always said, I'm going to talk about his hacking. Now you're going to be in his playout. Yeah. That's right. If you got something else in potent. You want to talk about sweetheart lay it on a table sweetheart get it out. Lay it right here on a table. Let's think our teeth into what what is it. She didn't have nothing else to talk about. And she admits that she's listening to everything. And she's listening right now. And she's probably even for the OEM. That's right. This is pretty good. You know what? Yeah. Right. Because when it turns out that your winner is when it turns out that it's something really exciting and positive, then people don't even know what you're talking about. So, OEM, that's pretty good stuff. What is it? How do they play that? But that's what people are like. They want something they can grab onto. That's good. All my life. I've always felt that way. If I can find something good to grab onto. Let me have it. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Good. Exactly. Here's a lady in four-lautardale, which I bet it's not that one. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Great. I just want to take some credit for their win yesterday. Okay. Because I didn't watch it on TV. I've never seen them win on TV. So, I've paced for three hours. And I just want to tell you this. How long have you did one? I've paced for three hours. I've never been able to watch them win on TV. I've figured that on that look. And you listen to it on a radio? No. I've been to anything I've paced in front of a blank screen. I've been to everything. Listen to this. Listen to this. And you think you got mental problems, folks? No, listen to this. Yeah. So, I'm talking to this old lady in another state. And she's flipping the channel. And she goes, oh, my God, how am I discussing. I said, what? She goes, oh, your mouth all over. The ground somewhere. I said, oh, my God. I said, that means he must have scarred. There you go. Yeah. So, that's it. I heard that expression before any way scored. Yeah. Probably not. All right. Have a great day. Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart. We appreciate it. Take care. Okay. She was pacing it. She was a trotton and pacing and squatting and back and forth in front of a blank screen. I bet you're probably doing the same thing too. Would that set that he busted the other day? Pacing in front of a blank screen for about 500 bucks. Yeah. There's rats on the ice. Oh, yeah. Look how disgusting that is. Yeah. I don't think so. I realized that we came up with something uniquely ours. Okay. uniquely ours. And of course, over in that neighborhood, it fits in like a glove. It's perfect. Rats. Some would two legs, some would four legs, some would no legs. Here's Hylia. Me, oh. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Phenomenal outrageous. The best. The best. Listen. Let me give you an insight of what happened last night on the moment ago. Okay. What happened was that. The fabric got a wrong. Yeah. That rich is very wrong. Because I heard this from Melon Beyond. Your sister, Station Zeta this morning. He said that what the goal was. Well, I was over there this morning. I'm like, he's running out in the hallway and kiss me right on the lips. What does that mean? I don't know. But did you touch his lucky butt? No, I did not. Okay. But I might. You missed out. Okay. Well, the thing was that the goal was good. They didn't the bench that even, you know, had no consciousness about that. Yeah. And of course, the penalty was nullified because the goal was good. But there was an earlier penalty of ice. And that's what you know, you're right. That's right. He wanted that penalty stand. Right. And that was the controversy. He said, I want that penalty to stand. You know, they said, well, no. And so we just took the goal and just kept on skating. So that's the true story. And that's from Melon Beesmouth. In my way. You're right. Because in the midst of the excitement, I forgot about all that. But there was a second penalty. You're right. What? Right. Yeah. Like I said. Yeah. Yeah. Feverich was right. No, there was another penalty. There was an additional penalty that he was going to call. But it was a delayed penalty coming up. Because we scored the goal. I would have been wiped out. So I don't know what he's talking about. You had it like, when I have time in the leisure of my privacy, my little room near. I'll rewind to take back and I'll figure it out. And the meantime, who cares? It's like some of the people at the game last night are going to, Well, how come it is? Well, we got the goal. What difference does it make? You know, we got the goal. What do you have in a big, sort of, take it in a smile and be happy? Some of my writing a book, I guess. It's called I was a Puts 1113, a WIOD Europe. Good hockey club. You know, as far as I'm concerned, all the guys, we know we pitch in and take care of each other's babies. All the wife's co-shop and we diaper each other. You know, kids get loose in the street. It's great playing for the team. Still Henry, 26th of the year, on news, talking entertainment radio. And WIOD. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'm a real horny. My Marine Boyd friends out killing in another country. What should I do? Sergeant Dildo, reporting for duty man. Sergeant Dildo? Sergeant Dildo, the soldier that digs deep in the bush. He'll fill your foxhole with love. He'll blow you away. Just wrap on his helmet and two D batteries. And switch him on. I'm going in. What? He's... He's in the center. Oh, yes. Right there. Oh, yes. Sergeant Dildo, and all the dope bookstores and RV surplus outlets. So by the way, we heard from Sally lately or what? It's 1147 of WIOD. What is it? What? The monitor. The monitor won't. Not good. Why? It's going to like fix itself. Like spontaneous emission or something? I think some people may have had some of those at the game last night. But I don't think the monitor's going to like fix itself. No, it's still in fact, it's just the only moments before you walked in. They're going to cut out again. And I like... But as soon as you turn a mice with John, so that's good. Just keep popping a mice with John. Like what somebody walks in the room and opens up a big moth. And the mice would say, oh, if you want to hear the monitor, by the way, we're on here in the air. What you just said, that began with an F. And I think it was the same thing JD said on the game last Sunday. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Miami on a purple line is gone. That we pay for on the AT&T and on the other one. Oh, thank God. Man, I had John Holf. That would be depressing. Neil, you know, Lemue was quoted in a Pittsburgh paper saying the Panthers are the... The best defensive team he's ever played against in his life. How do you like that? Which covers quite a bit of territory. Yes, sir. And why don't you play that song at the arena? You know, the dream may never come again or... I suggested that. I told on that it because there's a great video that goes along with that from CBC. It's phenomenal. And it's got all the clips from the, you know, the different series I'm going into playoffs including Panthers and Penguins and Red Wings and War. And the guy from CBC John Shannon said, well, we don't want to offend the Penguins. I don't know I would offend them because they're featured near to Mario and Yager and Brassah. I would have been a great idea, but it was my idea so they're not going to do it. It would have been phenomenal. Place what have gotten nuts. I could do some extra haven down US-1, listen to it. I know it. I'm going to keep working on it. Maybe for the Avalanche series. Hey, you know, what's up? What's up? Look like you might have caught an open one in the face yesterday. You didn't take a towel out of your mouth. I know it. Look tough. I know it. I just, hey, Lem. I'm going to go for that towel man. I was biting it and squeezing it and clenching it in the towel too. Hi, partner. Thank you, Mark. Hi, Mark. Sure, I'm on a Pittsburgh. Alright. Hey, Mark, check this out. He got to go in a politics. I saw him walking around the Reno Almighty. Yeah. Just a politics. Mr. Slick. He wasn't there for the game. He was, I don't know what he was building. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't. Dale. about that frog, uh, Lumium, uh, what's his name? Not Lumida. Blood. Blood. Yeah. Blood. The frog. He's probably one of the dirtiest players in LA guy. Take it. Yes. Yes. But when it comes down to taking off the globals, as he is top of the his dirty. Uh, not really. In fact, I don't see him fight that much to be honest with you. He's a good, keep shot artist. Kind of like old Samuelson on a rangers formerly at a penguins. But keep shot artist. But when it comes to fighting, you know, he knows how to run fast. Hey, he's a hit and run man. Yeah, he wears the visor and he runs fast. Uh, okay. Make a shameless request. Yes, sir. Um, you have a tape of the John Bobba, the Vegematic. Right. Thinking play that, please. I might dig it out. Okay. Thank you. And you all. So to speak. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. You do. Bye. Thinking you got all worked up by that, uh, Dildo thing. So anyway, so 11, 21. I think that started it. You know, you start with one small one and before you know it. It's 11 21 a Wiod. Use talk at entertainment radio. 16 W I O D. It was the greatest TV offer ever. The fabulous Ranko, Vegematic. And now attention ladies in the labor-saving tradition of the Vegematic. Bobbitt co presents the all new, Vegematic. Badgematic. The first feminine hygiene product that offers more than just feminine protection. Here is how it works. Your husband Earl is an abusive alcoholic loser. And he's come home again late on a Saturday night. Uh, hey, hey, baby, it's me. And I'm ready to party. Actually, dear, I'm rather tired. I'm going to sleep your drunk and I don't want you to touch me. Earl doesn't know it, but she's inserted her brand new Vegematic feminine protection. Devils. Yeah. That's buggy, baby. Freddie or not? Here comes Earl. Yeah. Yeah. Earl, I must warn you. I'm worried my new Vegematic. So please leave me alone. Vegematic. Sounds can't give in. Let's do it. I'm warning you. Don't do that. Wow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Help me! I'm bleeding. Hey, my. Scorn. Don't let anyone. I said, oh, I met no. Give me back my. I don't think so. The vegematic slices and dices and a puree. Oh, no, not puree. They won't be able to sew that back on. It's bad. Jumatic. Real feminine protection from Bobbitt Co. What are you going to do with my f***ing honey? I make it. It's not the juice. You're so dumb. Oh, no. I'm hoping you're. Bad, dramatic. Picks the gunds and eyes throughout your machete and try a bad dramatic. It's slices. It snips. It mutalates. And it's helpless. And it even makes a julienne fries. No, no, not julienne fries. No. Bad, dramatic from Bobbitt Co. Call now and receive a free pocket fisherman and our handy home suture kit. I am a renaubbitt and when it comes to feminine protection, nothing cuts the mustard like a bad man. Bad, dramatic order now. Call 1-800-86-742-6. That's 1-800-86-organ. OK, if you're going to sell one of those as a gift by mail like for Daddy's day, be sure to put a nice bowl on it. But hands of f***ing wrap it up. Exactly. So anyway, 27 past 11 at WIOD on a great Friday. Everybody's in a real partying mood here. Everybody is a foaming at the mouth and jumping up and down and the apple plectic here's Tamara. Hello? Speaking of Father's Day. Yes, sir? This is STEM. Chronic. Well, Chronic, I got two days off this morning. Oh, so you were there last night, huh? No, I wasn't. Oh, because I noticed that you and your wife neither one came by and said, hello. We were a little bit busy. Had the baby? Had the baby. Well, listen to that. What can we go to the game? She said I couldn't go. And I said, honey, I'm going no matter what. She didn't feel real well. If the woman had the baby. And so they got a spade. Had the baby yesterday about six o'clock last night. So, and of course, we're at a hospital. It doesn't have cable TV. So I was stuck yet again. Oh, beautiful. There's nothing worse for a little kid. And being going by a way or two a father that hates it already before it's even popped out. I can't hate her, but so my buddy, I get to take it to my next store neighbor. So he's happy as a large grade. Got me to take it. So I got a little bit of a share. Mr. Great Games, Dan. I'm too ready to pick her in there. Too bad your wife was given birth to some pain in the S. Baby. That's what I hear. But I wanted to call you and let you know. And this way, George and Bob Rikou appreciate you and Dean and Fred all know. And Harlem. And Harlem. And Harlem. And Harlem. But if he's listening. Why not? No, just can't find him again. Well, there you go. But see, I just want to let you know. So I know I missed the game again. And in other ways, she wants to stay in the hospital. But tomorrow night 11 o'clock. I said, well, you can do what you want. And we're watching you. There you go. And I'm talking to find a why's it up. I have to wait and get the Stanley Cup tickets. I don't have to worry about any pain in the S. interruptions. Once the first game, next Tuesday night. Tuesday night. Well, I'll be there for the. I'm going to do it. I'll be there for the third day. I'll be there Sunday. I'll see. Let's see Tuesday and Thursday. Saturday and whenever. Okay, we'll be there Saturday and the arena. Okay. Hey. See you, Sam. Congratulations. Congratulations. Bye. Open line on the green line. They're reproducing. So 1-800-9. 1-800-944-9463-1-800-944-Wild. Yeah, get over there to the Paxon Complex in the North Day this morning. Over there by TCI. And there was Pete Bulger and it was Mitch Lewis was there. And you'll never guess. It was kind of embarrassing as Miss Lewis saw me and guess what he pressed right up against the window. Correct. Yeah, it was something like that. And then it was the Amlet running around in the hallway saying, Oh boy, you see Paul's numbers? You see, by the get out of here. And on the AM side at I.N.C. there was John McLaughlin who used to be Bill Colvers, producer who's gotten old and gray. And who else was the Lori Shepherd was there. Wendy Harman was there from accounting. Oh, those are accounting people. The station goes through ownership changes a thousand times, but it's always the same accounting type people because they know where the bodies are buried. They know where all the loose changes. They know how to feel the changes are all there. Wendy was there. Wendy Harman, by the way, I gave away a little dog when I was at I.N.C. I'm trying to think of who's dog it was or where we founded or what that was all about. But I remember I had a little puppy. Maybe somebody gave it to me. And the fact I should have asked Wendy if she like a nice miniature pancier. Got it, forgot to ask you that. Here's a bokeh, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Since you're more of the hockey station in QAM, I need to find out if you can put it up. What the veterinary research for them coming back if they are because I heard they pack for a week. Under leaving the panthers. What do you mean by that? What they took close for a week because I guess if they win they're going to go straight to Denver from what? Why do we have to stay now? So we want to be there at the airport. Whatever happens, I mean, if they're not coming, I want to find out. You know, I want to find out the real scoop because if they come home at all, we want to be there. And if they come home, which they won't lose or. Okay, we'll work on it. All right, just put it up. We're going to all the stuff for you. Thanks. Okay. Andy Calbisoner. Now don't trust him. Okay, because we're not sure about him. His name was not okay. And I see Steve Dickel just came back into building how Steve's doing. Huh? Was he smiling? Was he crying? Was he like, oh he's drinking? Well, it's almost noon for Christ's six. We have an open line on the green line, 1-800-944-9463-1-800-944-WIOD. I think we ought to have a panther's party here today, don't you? I think we ought to have some food in this joint and have a big massive celebration in Party all over the goddamn place and honor our last night's massive win. Oh, don't you think so? And honor her great meetings that we had this morning, George, but that's only for us. But hey, we can be selfish. Why not? They love you. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. For the panther's a couple of hours and that is not even bragging. It's no deception. Go panthers will cheer. Come on, jump on the bad wagon. Why don't you? Whether we win, whether we lose. Panthers, Laura, to love you. And when the junts start to yell in the pan, there's their winch. Wheeled here, harder and harder. They'll tell us, do what they will. You'll never win. Panthers run to your mothers. We'll stick together and stick them to them. Because one goal leads to another. That's right. Because one goal leads to another. They're got them all flat now. Oh, I mean, you doing so good? You were rolling. I got so nervous. That was great. I love you. And I'm having a party at my home tomorrow night. Great. And I'm so excited. Might as well keep going. You know, it's so much fun. Now we might as well just keep rolling right along. But I'm going to do this to music. And I'm going to send it to you. All right. Hey, just for my effort. Could you kind of dig up this really hilarious thing that I heard once on your thing? And I haven't heard it for ages. Yes. It's a phone call that somebody's making to a lady. And then you hear this stupidest, dig most ignorant laughter. The back ground. Do you know that when I'm talking about? No. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. What are they talking about? I don't even remember because the last that I hear in the background is so funny by itself. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? No, not even remotely. Sounds like a jerky boy's thing. Oh, my goodness. It is. I know that you've played it before. I know there's no doubt about it. And if anybody out there has heard this. And those what I'm talking about. Please let them know what it is. Let you know what it is. I thought you were going to talk about the guy that calls up the. The wife and sitting at a far the husband. Oh, no, that's a good one too. That I love that. No, this is one that has like. I'm even reconciled to play that last only the last part of it. Yeah. But it's a full conversation. And are you sure it's something I play? Maybe it's one of their things. No, no. I'm pretty sure it's heard it on you. Okay. Well, maybe somebody will know. Okay. Okay. So you're a good. All right. We've had you. Panthers. Sure. Yeah. Have you asked? Yes. Here's you. Get in the car. I'll meet you in theツビ festival. Early morning. Yes. Are you excited? My dad John there. Hey. What? Yeah like me. Yeah like my dad. Come look at that man. For me when I'm happy. You have seen all ourdimements. Sun Shut up. We're talking about a piece of the song. And if you by your wedding ring, Oh, we love you, Malambi. You're where it's at. You made the season. You're of the wrath. You're on my very favorite cat. Scott Malambi, where it's at. Yeah. We love you, neither mind. You've really bloomed. Like a flower in a sunny room. Oh. You're gonna scar again for your soon. Rob, leader, myor, we love you. Of course, we love you, beaver. Oh, yes, we do. With your mighty touch and gruffin' too. We'll give the credit where it's due. Vampi, for quay, love you. Oh, we love you, Lendee. Oh, yes, we do. So when you beat Ray Bork and ran for two, Scott's heart handy girl, Was cool. Feelin' we in see, we love you. Oh, we love you, dogma claim. Oh, yes, we do. You'll be coach out of here because it's true. Unbelievable. You brought us all this way. Who knew? Oh. Oh, we love you. Oh. You know, it's interesting. I said before that everybody on this team, they got their hung like they got dinosaur balls. As well as something like that. I said they have balls, the size of dinosaur eggs. I think the way I put it. And somebody, I can't imagine who it might have been, but there's like an anonymous facts here. It said, no, you got there wrong. It's Dina Sword, Dino Sword, whatever. Cut the crap, will ya? 24 till noon at WIOD. So we go to game seven. So it's in Pittsburgh. So what? The best cancer coverage is right here. And we don't even have their game. So what? We're used to talking entertainment for you. Yeah, so what? 10. WIOD. Okay, 25 to go to the third place. Here's Yocca of the center of the flower. Well, you shoot in, light by Gord Murphy back out in Stratka. Let's look again. Great food by Stratka. Don't worry, too. Stratka, Stratka! By the way, if you don't follow Harvey Jr. Was right for Watson his life, because I'm reading the, This must be in the, oh, the Palm Beach Post, the account of last night's game. And it says unlikely score is emerged. And the Panthers scratch Martin Stratka or the pat, whatever it says, scores along with Bill Lindsay. But anyway, Stratka said he wasn't annoyed about being scratched in Tuesday's game five. Saying that's part of the game. But Doug McLean saw differently saying Stratka was trying to stick it to the coach by playing well. I like it when they do that McLean said, So in other words, what, Paul Harvey Jr. said was true. He likes when a player stick it up is knows. How do you like that? All of a sudden he's regaining a sense of humor. We went to game and all of a sudden he's got a sense of humor back. Nice going, Doug. Here's Papa, no, hello. Yeah, no, yes sir. Yeah, we haven't had time to turn Papa to last night. You know, we're up at the bar and we were, There's a lot of rats thrown in everything. Yeah. I see all of my own people's face. I've seen a while. I mean, it was just a good crowd. A good one. Wonderful thing, man. And amidst the ball is murder and mayhem and chaos. We finally got something good to squeeze. I'm telling you, it's a good call on the Stratka wall. You think you really pulled it off and now. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. You can imagine how I felt when Stratka stuck that one in there. Oh, man, that was a greatest. I'm saying this is me, man. Coach Rogers. I'm telling you, did it up? Okay, pal. Go panther. See ya. Open line of Broward. 5249463524Wild. We're going to have some damn good stuff going on here today. We're going to have some food in here. We're working on trying to put a thing together. If we go to Denver next Tuesday, we're trying to put some kind of a deal together for that and see how that's going to fly. If it does, it's not on value, Jit. Is it? Okay, here's North Miami. Hello. Hi, Ville. Yes, sir. I don't know if people know it that the ESPN reran that came last night starting at 2 a.m. I'll be there. Which means they'll probably do the same thing sat tomorrow night. So people that miss it the first time, they might want to set their BCRs. Okay. And that lady that was trying to think of that bit, I think it's the rabbit bit, the Elmerfoot bit. That's the laugh I think she was trying to describe. Were there laughing in the background? No, he did a real dumb laugh. It's right at the end of it. Oh. I think that's the bit. Well, we'll see. Okay. I'll give it a shot. And the rabbit too. Good. Okay. Take care. We have an open line of day. You think that's what he was talking about was the Elmerfoot because you were paying any attention and you're being bothered again in your whole area. I hope a bunch of other people. Huh? I have no people are calling in saying, I think it's this one. I think it's that one. I have no idea what any of them are talking about. Yeah, what's going on? You ought to put it like a lock on it. No, don't worry about the colors. I'm talking about the people keep coming in there all day. Well, you know, they won't report. About what? You know. Hey, tell them I know. But tell them, Nuggen. Nuggen business. Yeah, we're in. Right, we're in. They love us. Okay. That's because they don't know where we really pay any ask. They love us. They watch you. And what about Steve Nickel? What's the story with him? Has he come in here to tell us a good bat thumbs up thumbs down? Mind your own business? Huh? He's on a floor with a bottle in there? Hello? Hello? Hello? I was calling about the why, but you have to sail in the paper. Okay. What kind of why, Charlie? Okay. I have some, uh, lock. Yeah. And I have some lock. And spotting locks into the dark color lock. Oh, wonderful. And I have a, uh, a straight ear, uh, and I have two doors. Uh, what would it do all of? There's small redbeats. Oh, okay. Uh, we have a farm. Uh, we like to play with the rabbits on a farm. Uh, you wouldn't have to have any, uh, like, little rabbit handcuffs. Did he want? Did he don't handcuffs? For the rabbit. For the rabbit. For the in-car. Yes. I'm sorry. I never heard of the watch, uh. Well, you, we, we use them when we hunt them on the farm. We like to hunt the rabbits. And we take them and they owe them to a twee-by-the-ears and then skin them alive. Uh, uh. They're what? Hello? And now, what? If that's what you don't do at the age register, I couldn't say you were ready. We, we have a little game we play called, all rabbits must die. No sir, no sir. No sir. Uh, I wouldn't say you were ready. Uh, sir. 50 dollars. I like to hunt the rabbits. All right. Okay. You go out and the wild and you aren't rabbits. The bees aren't for peel. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unversively. Now sir, I'm sorry. Then say you're ready. Sometimes we even spit them due to head with a wasty water. You think that's it? Could that be it? My that a bit of an eye sure hopes so because if we can tickle our fancy just a little bit that'll improve her day in her weekend in her life, right? Whatever. In the meantime, here's a lady in coconut creek. Hello? Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. I'm calling to apologize. For what? For my call yesterday. You're the bitch? I'm the bitch? Oh, you'd be better doing a sports show because that's all you talk about. The pant is in a hockey. I'm so relieved your meeting went well. Oh. I'm so relieved that the pant is on. I watched every second of it. It really was just a... You'll be amused to know, speaking of our meeting. You know, do we listen to yesterday when that old guy called when it's chronic asking me about, though, when we go over there is George going to do this and is this one going to do that? And I said to guys, absolutely chronic it. Is he writing a book and book? You might even remember that guy? Oh yeah. Come to find out. He's calling Pete Bulger every day over there. Asked a bunch of questions to this guy. Get a life. I was in the car and I thought maybe you needed a shot in the arm because you sounded like you were just beside yourself with nerve and eating and going into crazy. So I thought, well, I'd give you something just go crazy about. I had some of my chronic friends called me during the afternoon and said, was that you that bitch? Yeah. I said, you know what that bitch? Yeah. Well, that's great. It goes to show you somebody who's less than anyone. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm going to say it's going to be a good one. I love you. That's okay. Exo Candy. All right. We'll stay where you're at. Okay. See ya. Okay. We have an open line and a broad word. If I were to give her a right off the bat that easy, we don't let him off the hook. Okay. Time can get me off the hook for all the time and say, can't do it, Sally. Yeah. It's funny because I go into a pack and building this morning. There was time, Hagen standing there and he said, oh, that was a wreck, but nobody got hurt. So anyway, it's 1147. Yeah, that was amazing. I walked through that. They have this enormous building. There's about 400 radio stations all housed in that building. And now I don't know about you, George, because you haven't had any more attention, but like eight million different little production studios. They pretty much all look the same. And the best part of it is there was like no car machines, because everything is digitalized. Now, am I going to know how to do that being old in a funny, deadly like I am? Oh, it's really easy. Oh. Hey, I got news for. I happen to be pretty damn expertic. I can go in that room and do more in like 10 minutes than some people can do in 10 hours. I was very impressed. No, so I'll call it talents. Wouldn't know what a button was. That's right. But anyway, no, so that's really good. And we won't have to worry about cars and about car racks and all of that. And we can put everything. Then when the audience calls in and says, hey, by the way, remember that thing. And I'll say, yeah, it's right here. And I've just put my finger on it. And the bit too. Yeah, better keep that omelet out of there. He was starting to look pretty good this morning. You know what? He looks a lot better in person over in the studio than he does dressed up in at zoo to the hockey game. But I guess he belongs to Paul. It's 1148 at W. Hey, listen, I'm Lats are OK on the Atkins. You's talking entertainment radio. He was talking entertainment radio. 16. W-I-O-D. He's the classic novel. You never ran in ice. Rear it in just in time for the NBA playoffs. Shane, you're a joy. Shane, you're a joy. Emily, Robteys at the starting of two lovers. You want to go one on one for life. Oh, what? You're taking your ball of love down my lane. Straight to the pole of my heart. I'm sure happy I'm going for the 360 jam. You're so up to the wedding. Come here. Shane, Eric, you're because. He's good. Hey, by the way, how's the heat doing? I'm sorry. It's 1152 at W-I-O-D. A lot of people there without the anywhere to go stuff. And let's see. It's the 31st of May. Which last time I checked my calendar today is like the last day of May. Last time I checked my co-lander. And this is it. And I thought for sure that it was like some time this month. We were going to hear the official announcement. At least according to I. Seaman, over to our channel. Six news are great investigative. You're on list from Mickey Harrison and Tony Ritter. And it was all a done deal in the Miami arena. And he'd are good doing this. And Pat Riley's going to haircut. And all of a sudden like tomorrow is the first of June. What's that? Oh, look at that. That's for me. Holy Toledo. And another one from my good close personal friend Denise Pockfand. And his gang over there at Potfand sports. Oh, no, don't put that over there. I can't see it. That's it. Pull it up close for an old blind man like me. It's another lithograph. And it says Stanley Cup Champions. You play off tracker. Oh, I like that. And it's got. It's got all the emblems of the teams from the different series. Starting with the opening round right through the where we are now. And of course, it's got like it. Now is it got stickers to put on there or what? Oh, and that's something. You got it? Oh, yeah, look at that. There's a thing on the back that's got the stickers and you peel them off of there and you stick it. In fact, that's what Denise told me last time I saw him at the arena. He says, hey, he'll stick it. But look at that. It's a beautiful. It's the playoff tracker. And it's got a thing of like a generic hockey player on there with a big Stanley Cup at a background all over the outline of North America. And then it's got the various matters. Like I said, our Nathan, you peel the things and you put them in there whoever wins. And here's an old from Jeff over at Potfand Powerplay Productions. He says, you might like to attract us to the cup at a while. Jeff, don't forget those Billy Lindsey lithographs. Two of those are phenomenal. If you're a Panther, fan of a collector, you must. You absolutely positively, you got their own like hotcakes. What was that number? 1-800-1. Remember the one I kept getting wrong for the other. Huh? For who? For the Billy Lindsey lithograph. The other thing that he sent us by 1-800-puck this. No, what was it? Ah, damn, a mosh, my hat trick with hat. Hat trick with a kid. That's right. 1-800-8-T-R-I-K. With no C, hat trick with no C. And they'll give you the info and those things are, how much were they? I think they were like 49.95 unfraimed and 80 or something like that frame. But boy, and it's got the goal from the Boston series. You know, the one where Ray Borcus on his ass and Billy Lindsey has faked him out of his Jock and Ray is down there on the ice and once bought and his cup is in another spot and ran for his, uh, enough. It's beautiful. Here's a lady in Kendall, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Finally. Finally, we got to you. Yeah. Hey, I am so excited. Let me tell you, I was born on skate. I was born in the town. For an M.A.T.K. You can get new out. I must have been a sea section. No. Right. And it was, is there a fact, but there you go. But I was born when the monkey organ 80 in there in that town when it was English. Yeah. So, I went to school with a guy named Dennis Potman. Huh. And it makes me wonder. I'll leave him alone, William. Yeah. Got a lot of stress. Did he use the boy hockey? Sure. I heard he played a game or two. I'm not really sure what team it was. Yeah. He played a few games. Yeah. Well, like when I was a kid, it was Maurice Shard. Maurice, the rocker, Richard, that's right. Yeah. And then when we lived in Toronto, it was Bobby Hall. And it was, we were used to the family cup coming to us every year. Right. I have never been so excited in my whole life as I have this band. Well, let me see. Well, let me see if this brings back any memories here. Thank you. You'll have us. They're all the fun. You feel like you're getting up by playing. You're going to go. You're going to go. You're going to go. Danny Gallivan. How do you like that? Oh, God. Remember that? Those are the old days, huh? Yeah. Those are the old days. Danny's not going to do that. I'm talking for years. I mean, tell you. I haven't watched a few. I've seen the park. Yeah. And I call my daughter. When it was on council, I said, look what they've done for me. They put a thing around the park. I know you hate that. Oh. You're going to get that. It's going. Yeah. It's on the way you. Well, that's okay. So I don't talk like that anymore. I've been this country longer than I was in that country. But anyway. Yes. I have never been so excited. My dog just cared out of their mind because they've never heard me. I've never heard of them. I've never heard of them. And go nuts and throw the TV set. Right. And last night, you know, if I don't have a heart attack now, I am never going to have a heart attack. Well, good. That sounds promising. All right. So we are so excited. I don't care. How many games I saw in Montreal, and that there was never anything like this. You're right. Never. This is where it's at. This is it, boy. Forget about that. The Dickie Mooreman. We're going out those guys, right? Yeah. You remember the master Jackpot used to wear? Yeah, sure. I'll forget about him. He's not feeling too good either. Okay. Have a great time. Bye. Two open lines. And day, look at that. That's pretty embarrassing to me, even though it is coming up on the news. We're worried about the food coming in from floors and having a big party here. We're having a celebration party. How do you like them apples, huh? Oh, we got apples coming in. They're not on the rankings. But then again, either with those 17 pieces of nutbread that I ate out there or whatever that's up. Boy, that was good. That was really good. What is that about? 600 grams of carbs. That's okay. I'm fat as a pig today. But this weekend, I'm really going to get on it. Here's the Delray Beach. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, go to answer his, yeah, yeah, yeah, we would scream in our head to our place. My poor dog didn't know what was going on. Yeah, too bad. Exactly. I want to ask a real good question last night. Who engineered this team from the beginning? Who started it all? Who started it all? Who started it all? Was Bill Tory and Bobby Clark started it all together. Then Bobby Clark decided he wanted to go back to Philadelphia where he came from to the flyers. And they said, okay, well, pack you a balloon. He's sandwiched. And then they brought in Brian Murray and he said, here's a guy that put his red wing team together, which looks pretty good. And he came in here and he did a little bit of fine tuning. He got rid of some of the stiffs we had like Cyrilla and Benning and those guys. And he brought in some young guys. And now we got what we got. And he stole Ray Shepherd and Marty Strockker right there at the trading deadline. And you saw last night evidence of what could that did? Without a doubt, you know, I was listening to the story. Do all those two guys. Ray Shepherd and Marty Strockker. He stole them for a salami sandwich. Unbelievable. Ryan Murray, God. Absolutely. And really, I mean, you know, I started running through the road. Down to my wife, like the history of all the various guys that are in the management of this team and how much these people, how much experience and how everyone, every person that was connected with the panther is a team that they engineered is in the playoff now. Or we know we just beat Philadelphia and Detroit and everything else like that. Yeah, Bill Tory from his great days with the Islanders. And then we got, we got Brian Murray from his great building of Detroit, which, you know, granted they blew it in the playoffs again, but he can't be responsible for that. But they got 131 points and 62 wins in brokala records during the regular season. They've got a pretty damn nice team. And these guys know what they're doing. They know they're crap. Absolutely. You know, so like, you know, it's funny. You know, you listen to the people on ESPN. I don't have a dish or anything like that. But you listen to them. And they're, you know, they're marbling it at Mamillan and Yager. And I mean, that tremendous, you can see how they're well towering talent just over came a couple of times. But just the, the sheer planning that these guys have gotten the sheer coaching. Yeah. That said he does. Well, we got the coach of the year. Doug McClan of course, one of the reasons he's coach of the year is he takes input from the right guys who really are objective and really see things on the outside, you know, without any prejudice like guys like me, if I want to take credit myself for William Strockett, which I'll do again. Well, there should have been articles in both the Harold and the Sun Sentinel this morning saying, it should have said a big headline. You know, right over the thing with the Panthers because everybody in his town knows that on the guy that embarrassed the coach to put those two back in there, but they don't want to give me the credit. You know, they're much as our post. That's no lie. As a matter of fact, when he was on the on the Jeff to forest show, right? I mean, he was out now admitting that's right. You were right. He'll tell you my good buddy Doug he'll tell you, Neil's the guy that's put us on a right track without a doubt. Okay. I'm looking for the check in Amale this weekend, Doug. Okay, pal. Yes, enclosing. You play up in the play. Oh, I'm only ready to play at once about the benevolent way of benevolent corporation. And we wouldn't do anything to you. It was very good. We must be about the coxist who's okay. I'll look for a pro. Have a great life. Get out of here. If you're emotionally crippled, welcome home. W-I-O-D. Miami Fort Lauderdale. We're going to talk in an entertainment radio. 610. W-I-O-D. Good afternoon. At 12 o'clock on Jennifer Ramwith's 610 W-I-O-D news. Brocky by AT&T Wireless. Friday, you fest dude. Back in 63, I was just a kid. We're no consequence. No matter what I did, I love vanilla shades. And then my in-range, I used to eat all day. I'll never get a thing. I'd eat them, her, she kisses all day long. The way trials are. The way trials are. Yeah. Here's your passing back. Now I'm all brutal. Watching what I eat, I've never given up. I got to watch the fan, the trotty, it's like, matter what I do. I can't just don't fit right. I can't see my taste. It's parking up for all dawn. There's these up high, those on the sun. The way trials are. That's what I think he said is days of pork and rice. This is the piles just keep on coming. 12.06. It's WOD. He's speaking to people with piles. Here's this thing in a Harold Pengwind fans. Finger, high, Zenga. Say he shot him the bird. Can you believe that? I may give him a penguin fans the bird. Might be going a little bit too far, Wayne. Don't you think? Yeah, that's right. It says, absolutely he did. Say three Miamians who cheered for the other side on Sunday. No way says Stan Smith, a high-zinga spokesman. He says, Mr. High-zinga doesn't communicate in that fashion. And it goes on about after the game, and it's set around so on. And it says the Panther players took the loss and good stride and a good spirit and this and that. They were gentlemen. But these are our post-Pengwant fans are saying, Wayne flipped them off. How do you like that? At a boy Wayne. Alright. I see if he did. It gets like a lot more points with the rest of us. Is in. Oh, that's the end of that. Okay, 12.08 at WIOD. I thought there was more. But that was it. Yeah, that's right. I said to Pete Pogent this morning. I said, so what does the bird come back? Can he give me a real sour look? Here's a mobile in Miami Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. When did this guy get cut off? No, I'm here. Okay. You got some bad cross talk. Okay. So talk fans. Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah, we talk fans. Okay. Okay. Maybe my battery's going dead. I want to make a comment about, uh. Oh, God. I don't know. Uh. Wait a minute. There was the best right there. That could be the great nice job, pal. Well, he was a little bit flustered because I gave him the hurry up thing. There it is. Battery's dying. Don't you hate that when you're on your cell phone and the battery. You know, you hear that little beeping sound, which means your battery's going to be dying any second. And it's like, you got like some major emergency you're on a phone with your bookie or with whatever you're waiting to talk to the humster. And, uh, you know, you know, it's crap it out. When it out, it's just, oh, it's bigger to crap it out. I thought I saw Danny Boy there with the game last night with the ugly green shirt. I thought that was him. And then I thought, no, he wouldn't be sitting over there. He'd be sitting with Wayne because it was down in that section, but he was like all alone. And then when I get home and I'm winding through the tape, ironically, to get my highlights and to see what else was going on there. And I see there's Danny Boy looking like a fish out of water. Here's, uh, Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is your Oriental Panther fan. All right. Um, when I wanted to know a couple of things is when Doug McLean gets coach of the year. Yeah. What kind of recognition is he going to give you? I'll tell you one thing, when he makes the acceptance speech, he ought to go right up there and say I couldn't have done it without my buddy, Neil, who really knows his stuff without that or a puck face. Exactly. That's right. I mean, what more could you say? Like you said, Strocco played an awesome game. I mean, you know something, if by some miracle we do in the Cup, which I mean is a pretty far stretch, but if that should happen, and they engrave all those names on a Stanley Cup, I guarantee a mine better, better be on there right next to Doug McLean. It's not right above it. It's not. We'll have to go to Toronto and engrave it or so. Have to go right to the hockey hall of fame and stick it in there. So did you happen to see, uh, latchment there in his case? Yes, I did. He was sitting with Wayne. Yeah, with his little panther, shirt on everything. So it continues our string. We've never had the coach of another local team at a game that I know of. Although, no way toman. Pat Riley was there what day, which day was he there? Uh, was it Sunday when we lost it? Was it Friday? I think it was Friday when we did that. It was like I said, we've never had a local coach of another team at be there and lose the game. That's true. All right. Well, I have someone else there. There you go. I had a radio accident with the other station. Yeah. And they had Rob need a Meyer on there. Right. So what is the big dog ask him? He asked. Not back with a sheep again. No, but he was asking about whether after the game he spent time with his parents or with his girlfriend. I think Joe, I think the big dog is a hornie. I think there's a gap in his life if he acts me. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, I couldn't believe it. Why not ask about his game winning goal or something? In fact, Rose's new wife is complaining about the fact that he keeps pushing her over Make way for the robbing leader, blower, a blow up the line to bed. There's something wrong in that household. Uh, yeah, definitely. Yeah. I think there's a bigger gap thing that meets the eye. That's true. One other thing I'd like to think my wife is, I get home from the game and right on the bar when I come in are these rat cupcakes. Beautiful. It was awesome. All right. And then one last thing, do you know what airport they come in at? They come in at Fort Lauderdale, but at the, at the terminal where they have the private planes and that stuff, what are they call it? They call it the commercial. I don't know what they call it. Uh-huh. But some of you right George? I don't know. Oh, they call it something else. They call it something else. They call it something else. But we don't know if they'll be back. Well, we put the word out there for us. And if somebody knows what's going on, if they lose, I'm sure they don't know. If they lose, I'm sure they'll be back like tomorrow night in the wee hours of Sunday morning. And if we win, we're going right on to Denver. And we're hoping to find out from some of our good, close personal friends out there, but we haven't heard yet. Uh-huh. So they better get with it. So I guess we'll have to wait till they get back from Denver then. Right. Okay. Well, great. Well, last thing I like to call it. Which will be next Friday Friday. That's right. One last thing I like to call my brothers, uh, jur and John do Spag. What was the first one? Jerome. Oh, Jerome. Yeah. Speak for itself. Well, Neil, thanks a lot. Alright. Go Panthers. Open line on the Green Line 1-800-944-49463. See now all of a sudden it took it three wins against the penguins. Cause the last couple of days been a little late a little late back. You know, well, we're not so sure. Do we want honest thing? Do we want to jump off it? Kind of like a hot potato. You take it. No, you touch it first. My him Mikey. He likes it. That kind of stuff. But now, now you can't get them off that thing for lover money. They're hanging out by their barnacles, man. They will knock it off that wagon or squeeze in it. You can almost feel it. 1213-WI-O-D for. The best described to you atmosphere these days around 610-WI-O-D. Don't know. Can't answer. Won't speculate. But we're still here. And still being like the other radio stations wish they could be. Alright. Sorry. We were first. Oh. We used talking entertainment radio. W-I-O-D. It's a party out there. It's the time of year for hot dogs and beer. And another lost day at the old ball game. Facebook must be hell. Players look kind of match. They adjust themselves. And they play with a crack. Fans hate big bucks. Sitting the sun and melt. Well, there was a whole place, players. Killing the dugout and melt. And they start showing. And spin that tobacco. They adjust themselves again. The boys of summer are so wacky. They are rock, scratch and heroes. There stars in our eyes. What's the next dream we'll see? Yeah, oh. What's the next dream we'll see? The night will be on the strike. And stars in our eyes. Okay, scratch this. 1218 and W-I-D. Let's see what these facts will say here. And as much as I love the Omaha foot, that was not the one. Oh, Zina. That was the ladies name to call me for Sarisina. I live a, but, but, but, but, but I consider her whole tape. Please, please find it. It's too good to lose. I don't know what it is, though, Zina. See if you told me what it is then I know what it is. Do you know what I'm saying? Sweetheart. I don't know what it is. Here's another one. Here's a poem to the two of the night before winter. Does that I even the game and all through the flat, the penguin and not a penguins during or only the rat? That's kind of cute. All right, Mark, nice going. Let's see what else. Oh, this is beautiful. I like it. On this facts here's a great look at some big sandwich, a big submarine sandwich and inside the bread. It says Greg Cody's word. Greg, co-tex's words. Are they tasty? Go Panthers. All right. Get some creative people out there. They're all in fact when we're leaving here, renalized, not which is a madhouse because everybody left at the same time because nobody left early. Thank God. And I heard people saying, well, what's Greg, co-tex going to be saying now, huh? What is he going to be saying now? He says this. He said, but I beat, but I tell you what he said in the column this morning. Nothing. Nothing. All of a sudden we just forgiven forget. You know, some things we don't forgive or forget. Just ask Marlon Brando, Greg. You're still a butt plug. Slime ball. Here's, now, what is that? Coconut Creek, coconut uh, yeah, one of those. Just lovely bunch of coconuts. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What a game. Yeah. Unbelieveable. I'm surprised I had it. It's a good thing I had to tell. Like, guarantee I wouldn't be here today because I have no voice. I could, I was looking for you last night and the place was so crazy. I couldn't find you. I was there. I felt like when I let that place that I sat next to a speaker at a concert. Really? That place was loud. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel bad about this and probably there were some people looking. There were times like after we scored one or two of the goals when he all get up and I'm screaming and yelling, I'm uh, just going nuts. And the whole place is still standing. And because I take this so seriously, I mean, I'm just living and dying on every pass on every play. And I was the first one that I just had to sit down. I sat there with it with that, uh, panther towel in my mouth and I'm biting it. And I'm looking around. I'm like, and I realize I'm the only person sitting, but I just, I couldn't handle it. I just the pressure was so great. I just like last one to late. No, not the last one. We're not that crazy. Not that stupid. Well, listen, uh, we hung in there. Everybody hung in there because in fact, everybody, you know, there's nobody left until the last panther skated off the ice. It was great. It was. That was the best sporting event I've ever seen. Ever. If you weren't there, you can't even begin to imagine. No, Stanley Cup sounds good to me. I saw a lot of stuff now. I saw what this name, Marina, there too. Yeah. Did you see him? I did see him, but I wasn't sure that it was him and then on the tape I saw him. It was him. I saw him and I saw Cosa. You know what gets me? Cosa was there? Yeah, Cosa was there. Oh my God. This is this. Now, I go to these dolphin games and I cheer them on and I cheer them on and I cheer them on. Okay, I'm sitting there looking at Marina and Cosa and they did not clap. They did not scream. They're just sitting there. Really? Yeah. Y'all Danny looked like, uh, like, somebody was supposed to hold him up the sign telling what to do it. You know, what do you do next? And you want to talk about kissing up? You know, those guys in the arena that were the yellow jackets? Right. Oh my God. Bagging the bag and call. Unbelievable. Well, the one, the one that's always done there by Wayne and got with the glasses. You know, the big goofy looking guy. The heavy set. He's like a cheerleader. Every time he's gone, uh, it's gone. And he's clapping. You know, he's doing the whole thing, you know, and he's looking around and makes sure everybody sees you see Wayne. I'm doing. I'm clapping Wayne. I'm the I'm cheering. But I guess he probably gets paid well. You know what I'm saying? I probably take good care. I was in the coconut coconut coconut coconut crepe public. You should see how they have that store decorated. The whole front of their store is decorated Panthers beauty. They got a clip from every newspaper since the Panthers have gone into the play. This is the first time in history when you can say there's rats in my supermarket and people feel good about it. I've, yeah. We got rack, they got rack cakes. You wouldn't believe it. Great. Unbelievable. I love it. All right. Here we go. Okay, pal. Party tomorrow night. Clap it in. Let's do it. See you. All right. Open line on a green line. 1-800-9. What did we say? It's a party out there. That's what we said. 12-22-Wild. Last. A Rick Rally made out. How come we didn't get a call from Rick Rally? How come Steve Nicol didn't come running in here saying, uh, either, huh? Well, yeah. What's going on with these guys? Are they out or what? I don't think so. I think everybody's in good shape. Oh, let's see. I want to play this. I want to do that. We got no put line on the green line. That's our first open line all day. Don't call it right now because we're busy asserting out the food. I think I might have a couple of slices of pizza over there, which I'll just eat the topping of with a fork. Thank you. So, hand me a fork. 1-800-944-9463 on a green line in Palm Beach. Now, let's see. What am I supposed to do? Just look at this and the answer is yes. And I'd be glad. Oh, I see. Oh, okay. Great. Okay. No problem. That's that. We love you. That's for you. Okay. Here's Aventura. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Martin Strocker. God. And I'd like to give a little credit to Terry Carter and Rhett Warner, I think, played up standing game class. Right? Well, I really did accept. I do want to say this. And that is as the game wore on there with those last four or five minutes. Rhett Warner and Gordon Murphy had a little bit of a case of the jitters that seemed to me. And we're coughing it up like they hit like they did. They big expected it or something to get the lungers out of their system. But we survived it. But I think Gordon Murphy could have had a black jersey on last night. No, no. Well, he has some problem with the authority and Gordon has had, you know, he's got a bad ankle and everybody's supposed to believe he's 100% healthy, but he's not, but we need him in there. But you're right, Carter, the entire playoff has been playing. And you know something else who nobody's talking about enough, Robert Svella Boyd is. He is playing since season. And he's losing body parts every day. He is he is just playing unbelievable. This kid, where did he come from all of a sudden? I have no idea. That's shaky. Started best. I hope you got the smoke to victory cigar. I brought you before the game. Yes, I did. That's very good. It was like the line to meet the dawn. And there was some guy tugging on my shirt on. I need to talk to Neil. I'm going to never had so many people come around, which is good because Rick Rally was there and he felt very embarrassed by him. He was great. Yeah, he kept staring around like, why are all these people surrounding? Yeah, how come they're not talking to me? That kind of stuff. I loved it. Well, no, no, so he is anyway. Well, there you go. It's like going to the Super Bowl twice a week. It's unreal going to the game. Right. The best $400 investment ever. Super Bowl is just one game, you know, but here we go. It's going on and on and on and on. Everyone told me I was crazy when I was sending in my $400, you know, two months ago. And now they're all big of me for my extra ticket. Right. Including all the hoover life guards or deer specks. All right. Thank you. So yeah, I was hoping they sent some snappler or something, some some beverage, something liquid. They sent no liquid. On the day when we have nothing to drink when we're dying over here. We have no uh huh. Yeah, that's nice. Collar good. Fred, call a Jo on our friends at Flores Bastards because they didn't send us nothing to drink. Nice, George. I'll take care of your food. Good next time. Okay. So like I said, we just did have insure. We're trying to catch up with what's going on here because we're busy eating right now. I wonder if it's going to be like this over there. You think? How are they going to let us have food? They told us they don't mess with success. This is uh integral part of the show, isn't it? Oh yeah, eating on the air is definitely a part of what we do. Hey, it is. What's wrong with that? As a matter of fact, I wasn't going to tell a story on the air. I'd want to give any inside secrets. But while I was over there with the big bureaucrats from Paxon communications this morning, a couple of the bureaucrats I don't want to mention your names. We're throwing plastic insects against the wall. Are you ready for that? Yeah, I'm serious. I guess they wanted to show me that they can be just as Juha now as anybody we got over here. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello, Neil God. Yes sir. One exciting game. On Bill Lee. I mean did they come out hitting? I mean, they were not going to moths or feet. They were taking the Mario. The news says he's never played a team that plays better defense than the Florida Panthers. How do you like that? He didn't say anything about boring or nothing like that. He said better defense. This was a treat after the game. I was up in uh up in Boca that a sports boy and we watched the game had a great time came back down south and stopped in another little sports bar. I'm not trying to plug it but it's called bruiserome and who comes walking in but Dom McCleain couldn't believe it. My buddy said in the cross-table from me goes, Dom McCleain. Dom McCleain? Yes sir. Is he in a working pie? He went over to the Ju-box and played that song. He went to the Ju-box or a dog McCleain you mean? You mean, Doug McCleain? Yes, I'm sorry. Whatever that coach's name is. Yeah. Well, a lot of people have forgotten his name. Most people wouldn't they talk about the game by a night they say, yeah, we love that coach. Yeah. Right. Neil God. That's the coach. He was swamped at every 30 seconds. Somebody came over and got an autograph. Yeah. He said he cast more than the players it did and uh it was pretty exciting. He was watching all the highlights anytime. I like he came on. He was as eyes were glued to that TV. Sure. Hope he got to see that Marty Strockigol several times. Oh, geez. Yeah. That was a beauty. Yeah. Beautiful. So I just thought I'd share that with you. Okay. And we're going to go all the way. Sounds good pal. All right. Say hi to whatever's name is. All right. Any McCleain. We have an open line at Broward 5249. Whatever it is. 5249463524Wild. Here's moral gavel. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, let's get the Panthers and Amherks in the final, right? Okay. The Amherks. Don't hear it. Go for that. Call the cop. Okay. Hey, um during the regular season, I'm also, you notice, but who is missing during our slump? Bill Lindsay. Yeah. God. I'm just saying that. Well, that's right. Because there was a point when he came back, we had never won a game and maybe we still haven't without him in a lineup. He is the hardened soul and I swear I saw him hit three guys on a forecheck in the first period. If that wasn't a turning point in addition, it was a goal. Right. I don't know what is. That guy's just the best hustle and also. And also Brad the Buga and his rats got a love. They're God. Yeah, that's right. He was there last night. I love it. And every time Brad's been there, they've won and I also noticed that the Humster wasn't there last time. Where the hell was he? It was conspicuous by his absence. They had his sidekick there, but the Humster wasn't there. I guess maybe they figured they said him or the track or somewhere he might know something. Anyway, you were talking last week about those hand-painted rats. Were those available somehow? Oh, Jesus. Next to Corbets. Next to Corbets 1. Oh, down there, News 1. Next to Corbets, Sports Bar in South Dade. Is where they have them? There's one place they have them. Okay, great. Because this guy sounds like he knows where it is. Here you go. You got it. How do you like that? Okay, pal. Rants away. We have an open line in Dade 7519463 113 113 119 449463. Here's a highly a hello. Neil God. That's me. What's up Neil? Where's going out? What did I game last night? Wasn't it? Did you realize it was just driving me crazy? Yeah. I got one little shameless request though. Well, my dad, be sure. Okay, I'd like to play the I would like for you to play the Alpha Father Mr. Code text because he is such an asshole. Yeah, and also have a problem. Lost my girlfriend last night. Really? Yeah, she was sick and she couldn't go to the game. If she goes to me, no ghosting home. And I'm like, well, when you bring the cup home lady, Dad, you can tell me what to do. Yeah, when she brings it home, you'll wear it. There's Neil God. See, you want to hear an asshole song, huh? You didn't understand that I met with the people from Pakistan communications this morning. There were a lot of rumors flying around this building that I wasn't going to be able to do things like that anymore. So Have a great day, pal. Okay, that's the bitch. Yeah, all right So what do they tell me? I think they said folks I'd like to see the song about About me About you About the way our American hearts be laid down in the bottom of our chest About that special feeling we get in the tacos for all this In the bowl of the tacos, maybe in the subcop where we get Maybe in the liver, maybe in the chimes, maybe even in the corner We don't know I'm just too great you're joking with the regular job I'm your average wife, superb and I love I like football and corn always What's about to? I got an average house Where the nice start would for my wife and my job my kids and my car Off to know my favorite and a cute little So go But sometimes it's just kind of the keep a man like me Just alone, no wait I know I've gotta go out and have fun It's someone else's experience Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I try really cool in the old professor's playing Well people behind me are going to the house And I'm gonna throw you, you, you, you I'm gonna throw you, you, you, you I am public toilet and I'm a seat I walk around in the summer times saying how about this Come on, let's go Come on, let's go Sometimes I'm in the handicaps spaces Well, handicaps people They can't be kept with faith And I'm gonna go Yeah, you, you, you, you Come on, let's go We're going on to you Yeah Baby, I should be singing this song Ranting and raving and carrying on Baby, they're right for they tell me I'm wrong Now I'm gonna sue you You, you, you, you, you Come on, let's go We're going to throw you You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get myself when I 16, 67 I killed a rattle convertible I think with a whale's skin A hop-caps, then all other cow in the Here you are in big round baby See a lies, grab his lines, yeah But I'm gonna climb around in that baby It's about 150 miles per hour, it's getting one mile per gallon It's like an hour, 400 times per month It's like a nine mile per year, it's like a nine mile Incredible star of un containers And when I'm done second down those three small burgers I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag And then I'm gonna toss the star of un containers right off the side And then right in the cat dance, thing Anybody can do a button, you know why? Because we got to bomb that's why Jewelers, no fear, and weapons So gay, Russia, Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want Thinking about things democracy can take one point to the middle It's even square, I don't want me to look at differences because we ain't got to bomb So gay, John Wayne, now stand to be frozen And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna Swear on the juice, and he's gonna be pretty pissed off You know why? Have to over take it a cold shower, we'll multiply that by 15 million times That's how pissed off the juice can be So I'm gonna get the juice, the John has the ready And we're gonna be marvin' it in the same second floor And a cheese omelette, and dry it on a day's seat You know who really are an asshole That's just a shit-up thing that's so hot But that's what I'm gonna do You know who you, you know who you, you, you, you How about that, girl? Hey, that's ass, that's ass, that's all Hell, he, oh! That's ass, that's all Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay Oh, right, that's for a Craig Cody by the way And you know something while it was planned Oh, I feel better now Much better While it was planned, I'm looking at this article here Superstar Styphling Strategy Successful Which has like a nice alliteration to a but other than that Is about your cramp And I'm gonna be a little bit more excited I'm gonna be a little bit more excited I'm gonna be a little bit more excited I'm gonna be a little bit more excited I'm gonna be a little bit more excited Uh, is about your cramp And it's just mind boggling That there's like no reference in here anywhere To the fact that this guy's been saying Oh, Jesus, it's so sad And the cats out of the bag And the cats in the cattle and the rats up here No, is it? What is that? I mean, how to help we supposed to forget That this is the guy, the one guy that's stood out Like a sore thumb that's really been like You know how they have those statues in Roman Greece You know, with a little, they're always like being on stuff That's what he's been trying to do to our parade Profusely this guy As if well it was really nice But you know the bitter disappointment is coming And you better get ready for it And we're all gonna have a big let down And we have this phenomenal ecstatic thing going on last night And now this guy acts like, well, here we go We just did a little long and aren't we great Yeah, okay, whatever you say Greg So we don't want to say asshole Because we don't want to offend nobody But that's what he is 1237 a Wiod.com Week millions of people around the world Tuning to Baywatch And we're gonna have to see Pamela Anderson Lee's really big breasts Now Pamela Anderson Lee brings her really big breasts to the big screen In a futuristic techno thriller So you're a leatherclad bounty hunter out to extract vengeance On the terrace who killed your boyfriend That's right You know you have really big breasts I sure do Yes Pamela Anderson Lee has really big breasts And now they're bigger than ever in Who's wire? If you're a bounty hunter, how come you don't have a gun? I don't need a gun Why not? Because I have really big breasts And I know how to use them Take that That's it That's it I've been with my left breast Oh by a quick down with my right breast And a flurry of right left hooks with both breasts Before finishing off and a quick left breast What's the thing? I think you put it out Well my nipples are registered with the police It's Debbie Waban Pamela Anderson Lee and her really big breast Starring Booboyer Now Big Lincoln to see it in your view 1242 a Wiod and we're just ecstatic Over here we have it a party in our pants We have it a panther party on the table Over here we got stuff from flores We got pizza We got subs We got all kinds of good stuff And it's been kind of sliding out of here Very slowly while I haven't had any panther attention But that's okay that's fine Everybody helps themselves Have all you want to listen something that I want Okay there's nothing at frostbites Worst right then when I see something in the corner over there And before you know it's somebody slides in here During a while I'm on a year And it just disappears Not hey by the way Could I have this? Are you planning on touching this or what? Just like yesterday J.C. came in here when we had to food Remember from the Greek lady And said hey you plan on touching this I said hey it's something to think about Which I have Oh by the way speaking of the Japanese lady Why don't we do that? We have two $40 gift certificates From Tanny Gucci's place Which Carol Tanny Gucci Who's like a half Jewish and half Japanese I can't tell you which half Brought in a bunch of great stuff yesterday I mean it was fantastic So Japanese doesn't just have to be raw fish and mung or Cheese I get nauseous to all of they do have sushi If you like that if you like to eat it raw But they've also got fantastic steaks and steak dishes And all kinds of seafood lobster and shrimp and just really good stuff Anyway Tanny Gucci's place is a 2224 North East Android 23rd in North Miami In a San Susie Plaza East right over there by Sarah's pizza place The kosher pizza joint And we got $2.40 gift certificate So we'll give those away And the idea is to do is axe You know if you're somebody that's going to use it If you're somebody that's just going to like wipe your nose with it Forget it Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale Hello Yes sir How you doing? Great Have a better better Would like to put you to clear something up for us Okay The story behind how the wreck started on the ice Yes sir Early in a season panther dressing room There's a rat in the locker room Scott Melodaby number 27 goes over there He takes his stick and he spears the rat and kills it The wall the story gets out and some creative fan decides He's going to take that and he's going to start Making like a toy rats And it just picked up from their encutmal men And cut on with everybody and all the entrepreneurs All the entrepreneurs out there started making rats and selling And then they force people to smuggle them in and they're under Everything but they can't keep them out I mean when they're making the announcement on a one hand Please don't throw it that you'll be ejected And then you'll look down there in the owner Where the team and his wife are even rats all over the ice after the goals You know they're just kidding you They're just pacifying Gary Batman with those announcements Appreciate it Thanks a lot coach Okay pal I see ya Marty Strocca God And you know that must have given him some personal census satisfaction Not only to get it in the lineup again But have such a big night against his ex Teamites the Pittsburgh penguins Who thought he was dispensable and nearly ruined his life And I got news for it when somebody trades you away to the auto Was senators and then under the islanders after that That nearly ruins your life But thank God You know it's a good thing we got Brian Murray up there Who's got some good sense when it comes to talent We can't always be sure that you know the coach is gonna play these guys But the general manager knows the talent when he sees them Did we ever get any more word about the team coming back or about any stuff anything nothing? Boy that rumor man when you really need him when you need some assistance when he needs some information Like that call the other day Remember when he said he's given us information and it was all about Chris Draper and his faces falling apart We don't care about that What's series other red wins playing in now? The dead series I think they're done there finito baby that Dino Chickarelli he's finished Here's uh is that another one a mobile in Parkland hello? Hi Neil yes sir Great game last night. I'm still horse from the screaming Wanted to widen and scootling over and argue when the first goal was scored They let Mario just sit there and take the ref your way I mean you know Can I ask your question? Did the goal count? You put the fence didn't know what that was going on Did the goal count? Oh thank God you You know you screwed it was standing right there he was standing right behind Get it back to the bench And then Wait a minute He was standing right there and and Terry Gregson said the goal is good And screwed it left it up his stick and then he went back to the bench Assuming it was all over with and then they get into another technicality about whether it Hit it off the guys uniform or off it They had like three like fat rich that before they had three different aspects of it that they had a review Did they did the net get off the mornings before the puck went in or afterward did a call out of When Gregson looked up in the air and also he thought the wave is on snow It's like all of us in the stands going oh my god. Tell me it's not true I mean they didn't even show it on the on the score. That was originally Yeah, he went yeah, he waived it off that was his call But he still went upstairs to review it and as soon as he did that We had a good chance Yeah, but then when he came back down, he didn't put up on the board And then all of a sudden was like if they're not going to allow this At least say some or show it, you know show what was going on on the screen inside the stadium Well, I mean don't worry about it now. We got it. The counted and we'll take it and you know Don't cry over unspilt mill I will see you next Saturday at the arena for a bit of a day Sound good to me. Sound great. All right. We have an open line at Broward 5249463 524 WODORTS 1247 Use talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD My foot John, it really gets my panties and a while Okay, whatever you say 1250 WOD what's that? Boy, you're sure a dueling out the meat pretty pretty slow over there. Very a piecemeal Anyway, let's go to a lady in Pompano on a purple line. Hello God, Neil. Yes, man. Couple things for you. Good. Yes. I've been listening since day to day And this is probably one of the best shows I ever heard you do. Great. I'm a huge hockey fan. I grew up in Buffalo, which is why I haven't called you before I threw up in Buffalo 2, no matter fact, every time I went there My first hockey game I sat in the front row between the two boxes Yeah, and I could smell all my oil and hear all their language as about 12 years old No instantly hooked. Once you got a wiff you were in Definitely. Okay, this number one number two. Have you noticed ever since the series All the girls all the ladies had been calling you? Yeah. What's up with that? Because there's a lot of lady hockey fans now because we haven't had Bitch that called before that pretended yesterday She wasn't in and today called and said no she's a celebrity She loves me. Yeah, yeah, no she's kissing up. Who's she kidding? 20 bitch. So anyway the game was incredible last night. I was fighting my nails And my toes. My boyfriend grew up in the boyfriend grew up in Hollywood And so he didn't know what the heck was going on and kept giving me dirty looks I was scared in my dog as well. Well, are you better show them their ropes? You know what I'm saying? And the last thing I wanted to talk about. Well, you show me a couple of ropes, but anyway I'll bet. There's a couple of years ago. I can't remember if it was a player or a coach And they were having a scuffle on the ice with some of the raft And this one look guy went up to the reference and said, oh, you have another Donity, you fought pig. Oh, that was, that was, you got the story. It's very interesting. That was the Rangers. We're playing in the early playoff run. I forget who the hell they were playing It doesn't really make any difference. Maybe it was Montreal But it was one of the early playoff runs. Don Koarski was the referee. Uh-huh. And he made a call that pissed off the Rangers and evidently He passed the colon Campbell. The coach of the Rangers is they were going off the ice. Campbell, you know, they're having another Rodona, Koarski or something like that. Coan Campbell? Yeah. I'm pretty sure with the Rangers. I've been wondering about that. That's a colon Campbell. I've been saying that every since Buffalo days, every since I moved down and everyone looked at me like I'm nuts. They don't know what I'm talking about. Damn. I think the Rangers have a colon problem if you ask me. Millions of God I love you. Okay, sweetheart. Bye. Have a great life. You too. Purple on his open. Go ahead and pick up that instrument and just bang away. I didn't see what happens. Mobile 1 cell, 18 T. Wireless, pound IOD. We have a little party over here. I'm sure a lot of you are going to be partying heavy duty over the weekend with his panther stuff to our night. Go to a bar where they got like a satellite dish. And you can watch it from CBC, like a real telecast. And Don Sherry in the Ronner claim by the way will be in Pittsburgh at the Yosific Arena for the game. They're not going to have like the grade Z team there. I think they'll probably have the grades the announcing team of Chris Cuthbert and John Garrett to finish the series out because they've been doing all the games. And Bob Cole and Harry Neale will be resting their voices for the finals in Denver on Tuesday. We hopefully will be in. Yeah, what are they going to do then? They can't shine us if we get in the finals. They can't stay away then. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I don't know about you. But I'm going to heaven for game seven. Yeah. I'm good to be. Follow up on the melon B story. He scored two goals at that game and these are said what he called that a rat trick. Right. That's right. And a couple of interesting stats. That's progress for one three in game seven. And I thought it was three and three. That's one three. Yager and Lemule have two hundred and fifty minutes of score this time play time. Oh. The Panthers are coming there exactly the best work. I can't give you the time and date. And Gary glitter. You asked early about Gary. Right. That started in Denver with the Denver Broncos. Really? Yes. Look what he did to go. Look what he did for that. Look at how they choked. Well, they started using one way when they were very, you know, they were going to superboats and losing them. Right. That's what I mean. Right. And the Fox. The only interesting thing about Fox is that telecasts they have a day they time the rat delay. And I was seeing these red team. The Panthers are going to do the color when Fox does the, the my and the home games. The next Saturday. See, we see those that too. They time the rat delay. They come to the ESPN store from them. They have ignored the extra last year. How did they do? They lost to the Rangers in a playoffs, but they had a tremendous year. And they were like, had a spectacular team. And they had a very exciting high scoring team. They never want to cop the right. The Nordiques? No. Okay. All right. I think about a half a team man. I'm telling you that if we're lucky enough to make it that far, they got one hell of a team. Right. Look at for it. It would be unbelievable. It would. All right. Nice talking to you. See you in Denver Tuesday. All right. The Quebec Nordique, they had a half a team last year. They got beaten by and pretty sure with the Rangers that got by. I'm going to play off to my correct about that. I do believe so unfortunately. Am I right? I don't remember. I know they got knocked out early. And they had a phenomenal year. And they had sack. You can add for us. We're going to head. Justlemtibo who, of course, they traded the Montreal for Patrick. Wow. And now, of course, everybody tells you about Patrick. Juan, how he's the best in the game. And he's this don't let anybody kid you. If you pepper Patrick, while with a lot of shots. In fact, you look at the Panthers the success record against Patrick. While when he was playing with Montreal. And also that one game we played out there in Colorado, which was after the trade. And he gave us four goals in that game. He hasn't had very much success against the Panthers. Ain't that a shame, huh? Patrick. Here's Hylia. Hello. Me, oh, boy. Me, oh. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We have an open line in date. 7.5.1. 7.5.1. Really sad. Who was that? Freddie Capisola's grandson. Here's a lady in dear field beach. Hello. Yes, man. Well, you wouldn't know because you were at the arena, but the coverage on ESPN. So, socks. Yeah. I have it on tape. I tape both of my have two machines. It's a minute, 43 to go. We've already beaten them. 4 to 3. And the guys are saying, is there's a 7's game? I mean, what is that? What do we mean? We've already beaten him. Didn't you see where Yager walked in there and damn near scored the time goal? What? Well. But you had no idea. You know, we basically had already won. Yeah, right. I mean, I don't think if there's a 7's game. If there's a 7's game. I mean, they've been saying it all the time. These guys are so biased. Yeah. I mean, they won't give us credit when they're playing good. They, you know, they never talked about shepherd. They don't, you know, barely mentioned the strong guy. I mean, come on. I want to call him to Spac. Okay. Okay. ESPN, you're a bunch of dou Spac. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. God, good answer. Say how do you burn. Bye. Bye. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. That's it. Let's make some nice today. All right. Because even people that haven't got a clue are open and up a big mouth and have an party in their mouth. It's a party out there. Exactly. North Bay Village, Chilo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. For glad I could get two and there's tremendous moment of decay on the day of our daughter, Sweating. It's also my 10 year anniversary of what? I'm being with my girlfriend for 10 year. I'd like to say happy anniversary, Donna, the 10 wizard. Keep up good work. And also, Neil. Jess. I would like to say to you the last night we were bickering and fighting everything. But man, when they scored, it changed everything. We're hugging and kissing and wrestling. I'll be too worried. Yeah. She's teasing the moment. They say. And can I have something else as well? Yes. I like the songs everyone sends in. And the poems about the Panthers. They have to accept for the winter done to the melody of the Dolphins or Lersong. Right, I agree. I only want to have a cheaper buff. Only when Brad the book does that to enjoy it. Exactly. And I'd like to say, please don't relate us to the Dolphins. We're not dressed in tea. We don't wear a fish. We're the cats, baby. We kill fish. All right. And thank one's two. See you. Good. Not here. We have an open line in date. 71519463751Wild. Here's West Palm Beach, Chilo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That is a cat's kill fish. They also kill birds. So penguins are part fish and part birds. Penguins are dead. Listen, I don't know. I wanted to call you coach McNeil. Yeah. And can't believe you. Good. A rock on God. Yes, sir. That is the only thing that came back. I'm so glad that you finally got into those guys to tell them to put Struck him back in the game. And there was Jason Wily getting down on all fours, making a phenomenal block of that that was headed for the open side of the net. Jason Wily. There you go. I rest my case. All day yesterday I said, well, in fact, I've been saying that all week. Wily and Strucker get them in there, baby. I tell you what, will he just threw his body right in front of him? It was great. It was great. I just went nuts. Well, Neil, I know it's going to be a win in game 7. I can't wait to watch it. Okay, pal. Take care. I got it all under control. Okay. Have a great one. Can you see me? Yes. Okay. I'll watch it there. Grab it. Right, just WWW dot Wild. My info.com. Worldwide, baby. You used talking entertain with radio. 610 Wild. It's the water to two hours. Can 45 to go to the third place. Here's Yocca of Tissina Bramphala. Long shoot in, light by Gortford. Back up to Stratka. I'll show you again. Great blue by Stratka. Don't lose to Stratka. Oh. So I have one thing to say to Doug McClay and you're welcome, sir. Yeah, you've really been an inspiration, Neil. Yep. I'll tell you, cause me more grief in the last 48 hours. I need to be mad in the history of the telegrams from the assistant coaches from the entire Coach. I got a big telegram here from Bild. I don't want to think you don't mind taking the credit. All of the price card last night it was my decision. Nothing to do with one word. I've always said that anything I tell them that's bad. We'll give him the blame and I'll take the credit for the good stuff. That's why you get to paycheck. You're a beauty. That's why it's called coaching. I'll tell you my wife's salary. You're the comment you made about the show or yes. Yeah, and you're lucky. I didn't have you by the scruff of the match. It's a good thing that I heard, because I didn't know the whole original comments, but evidently somebody, I think it was one of our regular chronic fans. Heard your comments. Now, let's clarify it for the audience. Like live in person. You like it when the guys do what? Do you want to hear? They stick what we're? No, no, that was just what you said. That was off the record. Off the record. Yeah. He likes it when they stick it somewhere. I like it when they show me off. Yeah, I want to keep doing it over and over again. I like it when they show me off. Yeah. So you got a bit of burger. Or what? I was going to come to Pittsburgh, but then of course, rumors promising me these seats and already having to cure the hemorrhage from my last year in Toronto. I don't think I want to have to go through that again. Are you going to go do is a rainfall game tomorrow night? No, I am not. I'm going to leave that up to him. Real fans will be sitting there watching the CBC about two feet in front of the set Routin' the Panthers off. Yeah, that's really fun. So how do you like it? Pretty exciting. Yeah. Yeah, it's going to be fun. I, you know, it's a little bit too knows what happens in a game seven, but I'll tell you it will play hard. And they weren't happy about having a play. They were saying that after game five, they were a yager and let me, you both say and we don't want to come back here under any circumstances because the game is seven. You get a lucky bounce or a bad breaker and anything can happen. Yeah, that's what that's what typically happens in games seven. So we'll see, but you know that Lemue and Yager are going to be on top of the game tomorrow night. Yeah. The one thing that makes you a little bit nervous. But how do you like Mario saying he's never played against the better defense than the Panthers? I was a nice couple. Coming from Hamlet's, well, that may be mentioned tomorrow night a couple of times. Yeah, I would think so. Probably on CBC, but not on ESPN because they still don't like us. They still don't want to give us any credit. Was that right? You know, an interesting thing though, and now, you know, the Barnes, I don't have to tell anybody the Barnes-Lawry Shepherd lines been a hotline and the other lines have been like kind of an a coma half the time. And now last night, this new line, you put together with my help. All of a sudden, these guys step up and forth. You put the line together, did you just tell me to dress, rock? I didn't, I didn't hear the, that you wanted that line. Yeah, you got the whole message. You got the whole message. I says to you, look, I mean, Dvorak kept falling on his ass and Tuesday night came up there and Pittsburgh put Melon B the old guy out there. This will wake him up a little bit. You got the message. I come into work this morning as there were a lot of people outside and I'm walking on and signing a few autographs and the people are saying, oh, thanks for listening to Neil. Thank you, listen to you. I said, Neil, who? The guy in the, I should hold the guy in the radio. Yeah, that guy. They were all kneeling at my feet. I'll tell you that. It's hard on there. He said, one, you're right. Your Mr. Puck faces what they said. I don't know anything like to listen to you because of the pad language you use on the radio, but you have to be listening to you. Yeah, just have another radio accident. That's what I heard. Well, it can't all be as up straight at least as the guys over there on Q. I am. The ones that are talking about your players doing it with the sheep. We can't all be as straight as those guys are getting into that. Oh, I'll get, well, there he goes again. You hear that line. He's not getting into that. If I gave you a shovel, man, you'd be halfway to China already. That's great. Now listen, one thing about the affelands, and I want because I am looking forward to that. I mean, I have a lot of violence. Let's not talk about the affelands. You know, as well as I do, we've had some good luck against Pat Roy. Yeah, he hasn't played great down here, but this is a different time of year. Yeah. He plays pretty good. Well, they've got to hell with a team. They do have a great team. I'll grant you that. Offensively and defensively. But I've probably got to admit those kind of fun knowing that the red wings were watching us play last night. Yeah, and you know, I would the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life. Yesterday, I get to my car in Valley. Of course, all of us stuck around late to the last player got off the ice. And there's this, this lonely figure out there putting a dino, a bumper sticker on my car. I don't want to tell you who it was. How do you think all those dino fans feel right about now? Oh, well, they had a tough time to play off. Yeah. They're not going to get any sympathy from me. He, in spite of what Brian Marie said. Well, listen, you've done a hell of a job with the little bit of assistance. It's always good to have a pupil that listens to his teacher and that's good. And I'll be sending you the telegrams. I'll be sending you some wires up there and do a good job for him. I'll be rooting and pulling and yankin hard. Okay. Okay, Dougie. Here and here. Do a good job. See you. Doug McLean here. The code didn't name by the way. It's not Don McLean. It's not Danny McLean. It's not Shirley McLean. It's Doug McLean. Okay. So if you're going to tell me about all these new fans we got now. You know, your intentions are good. I know you're right out top of it. But get the name right. What is it? Whatever the hell is name is. That's what it is. He's a hell of a guy. And coach of the year. I don't care what Don Cherry says. He's kind of like turned on him like a rat as they say. What's up, Don? There's a dream that lives. Keep it every heart. He goes, God damn name. That's his name, damn heart. And it's worth the sweat. And it's worth the pain. Because it's a shame that he ever come away. And he never comes away. And he never comes away. But my first kiss I made me stay in my home. And I just made me go away. But I didn't realize. Just if it's gone. It's just feeling of pain. And the way she goes down. But the same thing that I gave. But no. The same thing that I gave. And he's okay. And he's 45 to go to the third page. Here's y'all girls to set up red flowers. Long shoot in, light by Gordon Murphy back out. And then struck. The first six points in the series and 46 points and the playoffs. So he now trails Joe Sackett by a couple in that race. And the average in the stand like a championship series. There's a three-time quarterback. Ned Vett will take the face off for Pittsburgh. He's against Brian Strublatt. Well, you boys didn't be high net there. But the Panthers win the draw. It's strong gets it down. Superb Hustleman. Raise the Dury's to Daniel. He was hit by high. Now 20 seconds like to the Panthers will have to hurry. Here's the shoot in the shoulders first one to it. Back there. Back there. And this amazing story is going to continue. The player, the Panthers. The first game, something. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah, but what? Yeah. But what? Yeah. You got to see. There's no doubt. When I think of this one, the games all about. Yeah. I have. All the flip-times going straight out the lights. And the place I feel I can go to the side of the lane. Hard in the best, breaking full of your own eyes. The place I feel I can go to the side of the lane. The score is in place. Take me to here. The ball that has made the game never want this. Bring me down. Make some noise. Right here. It's like your life. There's four of us. The game goes on the shoot out the light. The place I feel I can go to the side of the lane. I can feel it all the way. There's a fear I can fear. It's sad to deny. So, like did I say, it's 115 and Wilding? I mean, if you and Cinderella got it on... Oh, babe. Help it. I guess Cinderella's not that pristine young lady. She appears to be, huh? Asian poems, APM's will midnight on news, talk and entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Tom Cruise is back. And this summer America's favorite, Braindead, pretty boy, will face the most difficult mission of his career. Dormous and such are choose to accept it Tom. Is to assassinate the South American dictator named Carlos. The South America, you mean like... Florida? No, you fool. I need South as a equator. Anyway, just tape yourself, distract in 10 seconds. Self-destruct what does that mean? It means it's gonna blow up you in it quick. Get out of the room! Like, can't the door on push open. It's not supposed to work. Fall you in it. You have to... Will you be able to get your money back at the box office? Or will it become a mission impossible? Find out this summer at a theater near you. 118, by the way, we got a tremendous number of spy report on APM. We like a one or two and nothing. Piece of Drek. So anyway, does anybody want those to give to the tickets? Titanic, Gucci's the $40.00. Nobody's asked for them. They probably don't want to. Can't get through because the lines are smoking in your one-thats. As well. In fact, the coach, if he would have been in town, he'd probably act for it. Here's plantation. Hello. 755 on Tata 4, the day you're right, you're sure on a Wednesday morning. All right, now they're gonna be all taped over there. It's a great. Great, they're digging up the old tapes at Zada. They're running through the building. And of course, there are no tapes because they don't have no tape over it. What are they gonna start playing? Neil wakes me up in the morning. What are they gonna start that? Neil wakes me up with a smile. Hey! Drink my coffee. I'm not sure I'm gonna get it. We'll see the world at dawn. So anyway, we have an open line of Broward 5249463524WildD. Let's go to Oca Chubby. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Great. I want to ask you two questions. Where did Doug go, McClank coach, before he came to Florida? Doug McClank was in assistant coach with the Detroit Red Wing. Okay, that's what I saw it, but I wasn't sure. And he got kind of like a savage, savage, he got screwed. Okay. Another thing, that thing that you just played, uh, hockey Saturday night, right? That's from the CBC, eh? Oh, he got a chance in Corp. I heard that the other night, and I think it just chills up and down my spine. The CBC really knows how to do it. You know, ESPN, Fox, all these other Johnny Cummlee leaves. The CBC, uh, like almost invented, uh, well, I didn't vet, televised, and hockey. They know how to do it. They know how to make it exciting. They know how to, like, jazz it up. They, they know how to, uh, they just know how to do it. I had to go to West Palm Beach to see the game. 78 miles away, and I watched it at eight. Why is that? Well, because I don't have a satellite here at the house. And I'm playing out getting one the end of this year, though I'm going to get a small dish. But why did you have to go, why did you have to watch it on the satellite? Because I'm in a rural area, and I don't get cable. Oh, I gotcha. Okay. That's incredible. I went to a sports club, and I saw the whole game. I was terrific. Fantastic game. The only thing is I missed all of the commentary. There was some, some, don't get play in the jukebox. And, you, of course, it was. Somebody was playing the jukebox while a game was going on. There was about the, terrific. So if that was in Miami, that's how we saw that. Yeah, no questions. So I heard absolutely no commentary at all, and I'm, well, of course, if it was 100. Now, where they watched the ESPN or CBC. I believe it was the ESPN. Well, and you just as well, you don't want to hear those asses. Well, I wanted to hear, I didn't get a chance hearing of the crowd noise when they were cheering, and then, you know, the camera. There you go. We got the crowd noise for you. Here. I don't know. How was that? I couldn't hear any noise. Is there any wagon? Anyway, you get one? You take the, the, the, the, the whole, the whole shabang. You know, you, I got off the air. I could, had to send you a tape and have you make a copy for me? So I could watch it again and hear the sound this time. Oh. It was super. It was a great game. I just missed some, missed so much. Not hearing anything. Yeah. Yeah. Not so much, you know, the bell rolls as comments or anything. But just the crowd noise and what was going on. And then I saw the replay several times on the melon be go on. I could, from where I was, I could tell that it was good, but I couldn't hear what the discussion was. All I could see was lift movement. And I was right up close to it. Was that much noise in that bar? Well, I'll, I'll show out a few of them. Okay, pal. Have a great day. The answers. No. Okay. We have an open line on the green line. Because if I do it for him, I'm going to have all these people. Like it was kind of interesting. Like game three, which we kicked their ass five to two. Wasn't that game three at your was on at Friday night. And come to find out that it was Wayne who needed to copy that tape. And of course, I don't want to tell you who's so called me and said, Do you have a copy of that tape? Cause guess who needs it. Now, wouldn't that, I didn't cause I used the same tapes and I race over them over and over. Which although last night's, I think I should save. I think last night's is a keeper. So this last guy who called the answer is no, I'm keeping that tape forever and ever. Cause that was, that was it. That was the, that was as good as it gets. And thank God, we didn't have no overtime. Oh, boy, I'm thinking air with about seven minutes left. They tied up three, three and I'm thinking, Oh, this is starting to smell like overtime. I don't like overtime. And especially during the playoffs. Cause it goes on forever. And then it can be like like that Pittsburgh Washington game. The second overtime. And the third. And then, uh, just forever. Anyway, it's 123 a Wild. New, my queen. God. God. You've got about on the scenes. Make the girls dream. Still not so full and fine. It's just a, I want it beautiful. And I just find all night. It gets kisses from girls. There's always false never touch a behind. It's 16. Oh, I'm getting a little bit of a beat. It's beautiful. And it's fine. It goes crazy. When it's bad. What's true. When it's bigger. It's better. Yeah. But it still my hand. It touched my chest. Ooh, when it blew. It ruined my best. It came out of my dreams. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's 16. So beautiful. And it's mine. Ooh, stop. Okay. One twenty six of Wild on a really tremendous Friday. It's one of the greatest days in the history of my life. I'll tell you that right now. I'm sure that there are many other people out there who agree. We heard a very gracious call. If you tune in late, we had just 20 minutes or so ago. A gracious call from Coach Doug McLean who thanked me profusely for twisting his arm. And convincing him that Jason Wolley and Marty Strock. I had to be in line across to win last night and keep the series going. And now I think I've personally given them the impetus and the direction and the instruction. And I'll leave it to them. I think they're on the right road. They're on the road to victory tomorrow night. And it's in their capable hands. All right. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Talking about Strocka. Why did he scratch him from game with a five? I think Strocka said something about hey coach, you got bad breath or something like that. He took it personally and he's held a grudge against him ever since. I don't know what it is. I just don't think he was sold on Strocka until I convinced him. After I sent him play last night, I did what a fool for not playing him. Yeah, that's what I told him. Only not as nicely as that. Well, the great game last night I looked forward to tomorrow. And go Panthers go. All right. See you. Yeah, Strocka and I like Camel and be said he opens things up out there because he's got speed. The defense has to make different moves to try to adjust to him. And even when they do make those moves like you saw last night, he's zigz and zags. He makes yogurt type moves. And I know that's really that's really getting carried away. They both happen to be Czechoslovakian and young and both very talented players and very quick skaters. And I think that there is a similarity. In fact, somebody called here said they wouldn't, Strocka came up with the penguins a couple years ago and they called him Yagur Junior. And I think that's accurate. I'm not seeing he's going to be as good as Yagur. But I think he's a player cut out of the same cloth and he's got the same kind of moves. And you know, they're, they're, they're, they're got him or you don't. It's not something you learn. It's like with Mary or Lemue and guys like these, you're born with that kind of skill. And I kind of speed and that kind of a deafness. And you either got it or you don't. And he's got it. Here's Tamarac. Hello. New York. Oh, sir. Doug God. All right. Great game last night. Look forward to Saturday. What a team Doug and Neil Mann and Neil like I said Neil and Doug. What a team. Definitely. You don't take off the radio and sign you another assistant coach or something. Yeah, for two or three million here, it sounds okay to me. You like that. You got the interest at on it. First game of one, two was Islanders and Panthers. Right before the series started. In fact, there's a rumor starting that now that I got Strocka Plan so great, that Bill Torries put out a special call and see if I'll work on Jody Hallform. I believe it. And I said I would work on Jody, but not necessarily a hand of anything to do with hockey. You had your meeting today, right? Yes, I did. Jennifer had her. Jennifer had hers and I'm leaving, is she? What do you mean by that? Well, they're not going to knock her. Not that I know of. Well, let's hope not. Otherwise, they get Luke over there. No, I think Jennifer seemed pretty pleased. I spoke to her this morning and great. Can I get a shameless request when she said, Tom, Jack. What is it? A shameless request. Okay. And memory of Phil and Aaron. Oh, I got you down. Well, why do you make it sound like they've died or something? Well, they're alive, but they're kind of whistling with us. Boyd, yeah. Yeah. Together. Okay. Thanks, yeah. Have a great day, Pike. On our way to minute. Yeah, but let me say something first. Let me say something. I don't think so. Not on this packed station, not saying nothing. Okay. Fair and coat. Don't be big at all, baby. I'm Aaron and Summer. I'll be done. You got me talking on the passion for the phone. Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you hear a sex with with a black or through the right? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. My vagina really gets my vagina. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. My vagina really gets my panties and an utiliz Gü permit. One 31, dWild. Happy Friday. Two yeah. Happy pathway stuff. Happy um. You're at the rat and all that other. Good stuff. Here's for Lauderdale on the Purple Line. Hello. You know, I'm great psyche. Yes, sir. I'm really cookie mayonnaise. I see. Yes, I did. Oh, doing so. I'm unbelievable. I just came to the home of the camera. Was I like, need Hating back a couple of back in your comments. Cou滿itess. Yeah, they even said that Colorado would rather play a spirit and play Florida because of our defense How do you like that? I know I was really shocked Then they did a nice fool in a boy's wife holding a big canvas bag for the rat That's right Yeah, then they And that's uh, guess you was Um, mounting some very nice and you'll end those after Uh, but it's very good to go I love it I have one shameless request Yes, sir Don't allow it, got though. What is it? Don't allow it, got though And Japanese, I think you very much for the tickets Okay I'd love to get those tickets for the better What tickets? It's been $40 for the gift You mean, Japanese? You made it to one I'm not giving you both of them, I'll give you one Okay, love it Because your phone is so bad, it's a miracle you've been on this long I've been on for an hour Do you have you really? Yeah, that's a lot of money Yeah, more paying for it Okay, hold on Thank you Free load, I mean, hang on Okay, purple line, take care of that free loader With a crappy phone So he just doesn't even know what to leave He was talking about, and either he but hey, got the thing Hey, I did take it for the free food for the free jam food Good stuff by the way I'm talking to Tony Gucci, Carol Tentigucci She brought in a feast yesterday And I'm not exaggerating to you It was some of the best damn stuff I've had in my mouth in a long time And that covers a lot of territory Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hello Yes, ma'am Well, it's the first time that I listened to your show and everything This is the first time you listen to my show Yeah, and it told me that it was really funny that you bought all of the money Oh, no, I'm really big on the pants, it was 20 years But I've got all the time Got on this show Where did you where did they come up with that? I just give it to him right now He just, he told me like, great, I have to buy the show Yeah We don't fart on this show What do you think is this? I'm kind of a common show Oh, so what if I mean you just get away We don't make bodily sounds on this show Oh, I see that here that Okay Okay, well, bye Hey, well, you're easy Oh, my thanks so much Okay, sweetheart, this one's for you See you Bye, oh, she loves it She loves it, all right So if there's any guys out there that I have a real problem And just can't control it, there she is She's waiting on you She's sniffing around We have an open line in date 7519463751 It's 134 It's W-I-O-D Get that winning feeling at pump But oh park Hello, I love the way Gary doesn't know spot Pop-a-l-o-parr Hey, pop-a-l-o-parr I don't know you got to talk fast No spot security But you know, come down a little bit You sound like you're on helium Pop-a-l-o-parr So we go to game 7 So it's in Pittsburgh So what? The best answers coverage is right here And we don't even have their game So what? We use talking entertainment radio 610 W-I-O-D This is the new Roger Show This is your brain Any questions? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Late night buffet Yes I should have known all that food could be bad I've been alone at fish since I'm craving Could make my body feel so shit Or is it letting right in? Can be so hard on your side And those girls make me want to scream And my buds do a so-to-white Rectomy diary Diary of a real Diary of a real You made my buds blue Oh Oh Oh And that my honey is red Just when you're thinking about stopping Oh Oh Oh Oh Diary of a real Diary of a real Diary of a real You made my buds blue Oh Diary of a real Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm gonna get the floor It's just a gift of love I'm gonna get the gift of love Yes! Yes! Spontaneous human combustion was meant for Michael Jackson W-I-O-D, Miami Fort LaverD We're gonna use talking in our table of radio 610 W-I-O-D