Four-fine didn't he there said? Doc, out! When they came they called me Melinoum, I tuned on to lime' I boendumstin' it<|ja|> Oh, why me? My amy. And they never ever use any sunscreen. Sun with me. Ten with me. Hopefully, don't mind. I'm a little broccoli. If I get the sun to eat, melanoma. If we date like a bun, you can smell the aroma. Our lights are all on, but there's no body more. Hey, melanoma. I spend all day at work planning. That when I get off a go-tending, I get naked and fake-baked. How much longer is my skin gonna take it? My astrologist and numerologists have to help me find the dermatologist. We fly in the sun till we get melanoma. We bake like a bun, you can smell the aroma. Our lights are all on, but there's no body more. Hey, melanoma. We lie in the sun till we get melanoma. We bake like a bun, you can smell the aroma. We got lumps on our skin, bigger than the metronoma. Hey, melanoma. We don't care if we get melanoma. We got the best tan from here to Arizona. We're livin' don't have genital condolences. Hey, melanoma. Hey, geno way to WIOD, happy Monday to you. Fourth down and goal from the 29 yard line. Three white outs right one to the left side. Here's the shotgun, a four-man rush for the dolphins. And all Donald's gonna load it up and just lob it into the corner of the end zone. T-Shop Johnson caught it. It's a touchdown for the jets. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Exactly. So here we are, boys and girls, yesterday my first trip in two years back to perpetual pain stadium. That's what the PPS stands for. That's gonna be my new name for the stadium. Forget about JRS. Forget about pro player or a stadium. That's what the PPS stands for. Perpetual pain. What is it just because it was in September and it was 100 degrees in the shade and the humidity was 200%. That was one of the most uncomfortable days of my life. One of the most ponderous games. And then I read about it in the paper this morning and it's like, oh my God, we kicked their ass. Huh? And I'm looking at Dave Heids column here and three and oh, the run continues. A little play on words there because Lou Alcindor had another big day yesterday, number 33. And I don't get in. I'm wondering what game these people were watching. In fact, Saturday I watched a little bit of the Michigan Colorado game and that was one of the most ponderous boring games I've ever seen in my life. I flipped over and I catch the end of the East Carolina West Virginia college game. And now this year for the first time they got overtime nationwide in college football. Okay? The score is 10 to three Virginia East Carolina scores a touchdown with 22 seconds left. It's 10 to nine. So what do you do even at little child knows you kicked the extra point you tied up and you're hoping for the best and overtime? Not East Carolina baby. They go for the win and guess what? No good. Lou is 10 to nine. And I thought to myself, I'm watching this, I'm missing something here. Okay, I realized they got to get this game over in time so that ABC can show the nation while a game is Michigan in Colorado. Maybe that's what it's all about. Maybe they didn't want to have overtime because then they would have screwed up the TV schedule. And then I go to the dolphin game yesterday and I mean, just I mean, sweltering. First we walk in there in a place as polacial. It's beautiful. They've read on all kinds of stuff. They got the big 10 outside with all the food and they got the picnic tables up there on the by the top floor and it's great. They got all kinds of new food fantastic. It looks sensational. But in terms of being functional, in terms of comfort, you can't complain about the comfort and I sit on a shady side and I'm burnt to a crisp today. My forehead looks like a piece of red meat, raw meat, baby. And I don't know from what cause I never got any sun. We sit on a shady side and my head today looks like a piece of raw liver. So the people on the, well, that's one of the reasons we never hear from the dolphin fans because the people on the sun side, they just croak. They just drag their asses out of there and Wayne turns him into something recyclable. God, all money, what an uncomfortable and talk about pond risk and boring. And I'm sitting in there and I'm thick and you know, after, after seeing all the hockey games that last year especially being really super hockey intensive more than ever before. And then sitting there yesterday and I mean, it just dragged and dragged and at first half until they finally woke up after getting down 14, nothing to a girls team. And they finally, Jimmy finally woke their asses up. And first and go on to one and the same old crap again, they can't get an inch for ass. Boy, this year looks familiar. This is the same crap I saw for four years in a row. Really pond risk. But hey, it must have been a great game because the papers are just full of it and we're three and oh, and we're kicking ass man, it's dynamite. And talking about people with balls because I am going to address that. I heard there a lot of stuff been going around yesterday morning on the program director show, is that what they call that show? And then Friday afternoon as I was driving home getting some more career instruction from Phil Henry and here in about the fact that I, you know, what was the word, the scared? You know, not lazy, just scared. I'm scared to go to New York or Chicago or LA or one of the top markets because, you know, basically I'm a bomb and I'm just a local act and I would never make it there and I'm terrified and I'm scared. Okay, however, fact rich and I were the only two people out of over 75,000 yesterday with a courage again to sit through the invocation and not to stand till the international anthem. Why is it that you people are such cheap? Do you really believe that at a ball game, it's the appropriate place for some getch key to come out dressed up like a little red riding hood like she was yesterday and saying some stupid prayer? And let's get ready to rumble Lord and that daddy's birthday. Let's the Lord is pulling for the dolphin. Yeah, right, whatever you say sweetheart, people are dying, people are starving to death all over the world and as crazy God or her, he's up there betting on the dolphins and guess what they didn't cover the spread. Oh, oh, oh, he's pissed off. I get probably have another hurricane coming out. He's pissed off. 10 13 to WIOD. Until we find a suitable replacement for sex, we're doing sports late nights on 16 WIOD. Good, gotta find it, what up, what up, you're lungerous, people. Wow, I want to give you a kiss. Jesus Christ for extra strength, dexedrant. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is a headache. There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world since weighing under shoulders and some f*** gladiator sticks a spear on your side. Yeah, Jesus Christ that hurts. So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head, that's when I reach for dexedrant. Well, I ain't on reach for it. Hey, anybody got any dexedrant? Hey, Jonas, could you throw a couple into my mouth? Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake. Extra strength, dexedrant. Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear. I want to give you a kiss. Okay, already, 10 17 to WIOD. By the way, are we gonna be able to save the world from Nike or not? I mean, I have never, I must be naive, I must be just not very observant. Maybe that I'm not an observant, Jews, I must not be an observant person, I guess. Because I notice starting with the college games on Saturday. Now, aren't these college players supposed to be like amateur athletes, do not paid allegedly? And they get into all kinds of trouble if they take like a limo ride or anything like that. They're amateurs, right? But it seems to me that by wearing the Nike emblem on their uniforms, that somehow they're like endorsing a commercial product, aren't they? Yeah, exactly. And yet, every college game that I watched, they got them on their sleeve. They got them on their helmet. They got them on their spectrum. They got them everywhere. They got the night that Nike logo. And then yesterday, some mom noticing. Now it seems to me correct me if I'm wrong. But it seems to me the dolphins and the jets and either one of them had like anything. Was I wrong? I didn't, maybe I just, my eyesight isn't that good anymore, because I look for it. Because I noticed that the cowboys had the Nike thing and most of the other teams, some of them have the starter thing on there. And then a couple of boring teams have got the W, the Wilson thing I would you can't even read. But 95% of them have got like Nike. And then they show a shot of one of the assistant coaches for Dallas or was it any sample? It's one of the other yesterday up in the booth. He's got the Nike logo on his pocket of his shirt. Then they show one of the assistant coaches on the sidelines. He's wearing a nylon jacket. It's got the Nike thing on there. I say what we ought to start doing today immediately, if not sooner, is taking all the Nike stuff and either burning it or giving it to goodwill. Because you know the Porsche lepers that get their stuff in goodwill, at least they'll never be on television. We hope they can't afford to go to a ballgame. And then I got to get on TV. But take your Nike stuff and jam it up your. I'm serious. I mean, the day is going to come because you know, in football especially most of the time you see the players, they're like bent over in a huddle. You see their ass. And trust me, it's not a pretty sight. But the day is going to come that that Nike logo will be on each cheek. And I'm not talking about their posts. I'm talking about their. That's right. There'll be that little Nike deal right across each cheek, including the college players. I thought we were so fast, Sidious, and I thought the NCAA was so damn righteous about that, oh, no, he can't be involved with commercial enterprise. And these are amateur athletes. Right. Right. Tell me another one you phone. He lying bastards. God, save the world from Nike, man. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I talked to Boyosie when he was here last month. Yeah, he is really into this religion. I told you from his book. I told him he's really into religion. No, he's attacking it. I'm saying it's a big thing in his life. Yeah, I told him his childhood priest was wrong when he said, yeah, God knows the future, but people still have free will. And he said I was right. And he also said I was right when I said, most people just they're born into their religion. So he's, you're going to hear a lot about him with this stuff. I would love to know why all these sheep stand up for that invocation at the ballgame. There's only two of us. Me and Fat Rich, they got the balls to sit there out of 75,000, some out people during a religious exercise. You go to the track. They don't have a prayer, which you need one there. You go to a hockey game. There's no prayer. You go to a baseball game. Any other soccer game, any other sporting event in the world, but somehow at a football game they've decided that football is so integrated with American culture that people will stand up for anything. If they say, oh, stand up and pinch your, uh, rectum. No, I'll do it. Whatever they tell them they'll get up there and they'll do it. I heard the reason they do that because people aren't going to church on Sunday, so they don't want to have their religion at the game. Also in other words, if they get to the game at one o'clock, they don't have time to, how many how long does it take in church before you get saved? How many hours you've got to be there? I don't know. I think people also afraid of getting something thrown at them. Like say you're sitting down, you're the only one sitting there. Doesn't bother me? Well, I got the ball. If I'm the only, if I'm the only, if I'm rich, stands up. I don't give a crap if I'm the only one on the stadium. I will sit there until I get that thing over with. And when they get to an extra land, they'll all stand up because they'll respect for the flag and whatever that's okay. But the ball game is not a place for a prayer. For some getch key to get up there and start talking, mumbo jumbo. Keep, see, the religionist man, they can't keep it to themselves. If you want to believe in little green men with horns or whatever, find more power to you. But don't drag me into it. When I'm paying 35 or 40 bucks a game, don't force me to go through some stupid religious exercise. It's just like when Dolf and Denny started the wave in the fourth quarter yesterday. And all these morons in the lower bowl. And they're waving it. And then all of a sudden they come up to the, they break the heart of the line of scrimmage. They're getting ready to snap the ball into people right in front of me. They're waving. I'm thinking, wow, I want to see the game you idiot. I didn't come to see your arms up in the air. The game is going on there. Doing the wave. They did do the mackerel in it did they? Thank God you shouldn't have said it. That'll be next time. Okay, one more thing about the hockey. Don't you think it's good that like with America winning this thing gets more American interest. I think it's great for the end of the day. It was good. And they even said that on CBC. It was good for the game. It was a great game. It was a tremendous game. Very violent. I mean, these guys are really creamy. That's right. There's a sensational game in Lindros and could chuck and foot man. There was some shots going on there. It was sensational. There was no pussy's in that game. I'll tell you. I was I think it was a chuck. We when he slashed him with the stick to a two handed shot. Yeah, it's when he got tossed out of the game. He's getting pretty brutal. Yeah, I want to really. I've been how'd you like to shot Lindros gave. Could chuck on the back of the neck. Oh yeah, we've. He should have got kicked out. But you see one thing about Lindros and this is why respect him. The great players of hockey over the years most of them have been dirty players. Maurice Rechard, Gordie Howe, most of the great players are dirty players. And at Lindros, he, you know, he takes a lot of crap and he gives it right back and it doesn't phase him on where the other. He's a hell of a player. Okay. I think so. Okay, I have a great time. That was some game boy. Like I said before, I saw two great sporting events this weekend. Unfortunately, the dolphin game yesterday doesn't even go close. It almost the cure me of football for life. That's how comato's that was yesterday except for a Lou Alcender. That's what I'm going to call him. I mean, if he can call himself Karim, I'll call him Lou. Hey, Lou. How you, Lou? And then that Louie's Oliver. She had a great interception too and a big runback. But other than that, 10 23 a W.I.O.D. win. Use talk at entertainment radio, 610 W.I.O.D. So I want to apologize to two groups of people. Yes, that even though I have nothing to do with that perpetual pain stadium, the people number one who sit on the sunny side of the street on the other side of the stadium for me. How, I don't know how you do it. How do you get through there without like coming home in a, in a bottle? I mean, it's just a burnt to a crisp and I'm sitting on a shady side. Those people must have melanomas, the size of watermelons. And then we leave after the dolphin score the touchdown to go ahead 33 to 14. You know, if you figure with 10 and a half minutes left, especially as bad as the jets are, they had no running game. They looked really pathetic. The game is over. It's a good time to beat the crowd, right? I have no apologies for leaving with 10 minutes left with your head by 19 points. So now we leave. Okay, they have the big announcement on there. Hey, if you're leaving on the turnpike going northbound for an hour out up to an hour after the game, the turnpike tolls have been waved just zip on through there. Okay, guess what? When you leave out of there, when you make the left turn and you go to make another left, the first block there to get onto the northbound turnpike, it's blocked off. Completely blocked off. So a fat rich makes the you turn. And I says to the cop, how do you get to the turnpike? He says, oh, yeah, go up to 27th Avenue University drive. You got to go up that way up by the attract. So we go up and when we start going up, this very, very militant black metro cop is a stop and traffic, including us were first in line because people are crossing the street. So rich starts hitting the break and slowing down. And now the cop gets very agitated because he didn't slam on a break where nowhere near the intersection. And he comes over like, you know, like, you better stop white boy. I mean, what was his story? And then finally, when the pedestrians have stopped the crossing, then he motions us to go on, but he's standing in front of the car. Now, Fridge would have had any brains. He would have just floored and hit the son of a bitch because he had a real hostile militant attitude, baby, like nasty and hostile. Now we get up to the next corner, which is the light 27th Avenue University drive. Guess what? They got that blocked off. And I ruled on the window. I says to the cop, how are we going to get to the turnpike? Oh, you got to go up to 57th Avenue, red road. This is 27th. You got to go another 30 blocks. Do you know how far it is from the stadium to red road? They send you on a merry ride to the Hershey. And this is 10 minutes before the game is over. So how you people who stayed there right to the end, how you got out of there, maybe they never did get home. Maybe they're like the guy on the MTA, you know, will he ever return? He's still riding on there for the rest of his life. Maybe they never did get home. Maybe they're still out there trying to get out of the traffic jam. You go all the way to red road, 57th Avenue. You get on the turnpike and of course now you have to pay the toll. So the turnpike toll is free. Go and north except guess what, you can't get on it. Thanks Wayne. Fantastic baby. Thank you so much. Here's the Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm one of those guys that sits in the sun. Yeah. A stadium? Yeah. You have been here. I'm not sure how many melanomas have you got? It's not a be honest. You, yesterday, yesterday wasn't so bad. The Patriot game was worse. At least yesterday we had some cloud cover over there. Yeah, there were some clouds. That's why I don't understand how I have like my whole forehead is red as a bean. I was not on the sunside. Why is it in the upper deck of the end zone? In the upper deck? In 428. Beautiful. Actually it's kind of fun. I've been, as I've seen, I've taken tickets up there for last year and this year. Yeah. And there's a guy that sits about, as about two sections over. That's fat like Cuban looking guy, right? A fat Cuban. Yeah. And when they play music during time outs and all that, he gets up and he dance and he takes up his shirt and he's about 240. Oh, gross. Oh, that's nothing. So, you know, we always watch them and the people around him applaud him and stuff like that, you know, he's just having a good time. So yesterday, like on the corner of the end zone, those are another fact guy out there. And he was dancing. So like, they're having like a dance contest. Yeah, dance off. Exactly. So, you know, that other guy's starting to put his foot on the railing and he's about 160 himself without no shirt as tight shorts on. And he starts doing, yeah. I put his foot on the railing, so trusting his hips and then coming down in. Some girl comes on starts dancing with him and they're like bumping and grinding right there on the steps of the stadium and all that. And then he turns around and points at the guy and then shoots a mooner at him. Right there for everybody. Beautiful. Hey, they want to give you a kiss. Yeah, you should have picked that ass for everybody. Nice. I sure hope he had a Nike logo on his shirt cheek. I don't know. I thought that Nike logo, the dolphins don't have Nike, or they have a wolf. Oh, that's why you can't see it. They got that W on there. You can't even see the Wilson thing. They're going to have to do something without their knucket and their monies worth. Can't see it. Yeah, can't see it. Yeah, can't see it. On the side of the pan, but yeah, and cause for everybody has the Nike logo. Isn't that great? And amateur athletes are out there promoting Nike, but of course their amateur's and they're not involved with the commercial enterprise. Well, it's not so much damage. It's the school. That's a brings in the money. Right, exactly. It's all money. Right. Yeah. I see every all the college teams have it now. They have the Nike emblem on there. I'm going to start going to get me an oozy. I'm going to start going around anybody I see with the Nike capa shirt. Any Nike logo. I'm just going to blow their ass away. I don't have to wear a re-box. All right. Now you're talking. Okay, pal. Yeah. Yeah. God. Thank you. Okay, we have all the deadlines open. We're off to a rousing start this morning on the day after a big dolphin win. And then of course, just what I'm ready to be discussed and fed up with football after the, oh, just an insufferable four hours of schvitzing and the dyin over there and boredom and all these injuries and every time I turn into like a five minute time out of with so slow and pondress. And I think God, I never realized how boring football was. And I went home and watched the last quarter of the Dallas. Then you go home and you watch two really talented teams and man, that was right down to the last field goal and hits the crossbar from 56 yards away by vinyl hits the right in the middle but hits the front of the crossbar and bounces away. What, what a difference, huh? But hey, I'm not going to appear on your parade. Dave Heids as it was great and who am I to argue with him. 751 WiodD and day. We got three open lines there. We got two and browned five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Nobody I guess watched the hockey game on Saturday night with a great world cup game incredible tremendous. I mean, it was just and I would have played that one goal that I got on cassette but evidently our cassette deck must be for the USA because it just played okay at home and played fine in the car but the equipment here are maybe just taking a equipment apart. That could be it. 1034 WiodD over. The opinions expressed by the host, gastric holders on WiodD. But certainly those of the station or sponsors, although UID programs are comfy right 1996 by WiodD Incorporated. No tape recording for transgress. Maybe created or distributed without prior written consent of WiodD Incorporated. I want to give you a kiss. Okay, 1037 WiodD. So then, half time, D4 was going down whatever he's talking about and there have an usual halftime contest and then marching band, UofM. And then he says, ladies and gentlemen, here is a, here's the voice that you're so familiar with. You've come to know and love and bapapad for years was the sideline voice that offense Henry Barrel. And I'm listening to see if there's like any recognition is there any is Henry's relatives applauding it. Nothing. And then Henry comes on and says, I have just tasted just an effort. No, seriously, he comes on and, mmm, he's very totally unintelligible. Henry, I know you're listening right now. You're a great guy. I guess you would set a run so on, but we could not understand where you were saying. Maybe that was the intention. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning, me. Yes, sir. Great. Good. Yes, I did enjoy that game to know in the hockey game to know in, but I got a question for you. Well, to say, and I'm telling you, Mike Richter, man, his performance was indescribable. He's unreal. Unbelievable. He let the flimey went going sometimes, which you don't understand, but I mean, he did not tell you that. I told you, even when he plays it as best, he lets in a greasy goal and the same thing with that goal at temporarily, but candidly ahead there, that one by, uh, uh, uh, no, no, not, that wasn't a greasy goal. It was under the middle of two to one, the one by, uh, Adam foot from a blue line that just was a looper over his shoulder, which I don't think he ever saw went over his shoulder into the net. Never saw coming. No, but, uh, but what a game he played though. Did you, did you watch from the beginning when they were doing the Anthem? Of course. Did you, what was this grizzly Adam's guy saying when they, when they came on with a candidacy Anthem? Yeah. Started off with O Canada. What was doing French? It was in Montreal. What do you expect, Parlievo, a frog? Me and that guy was, if you couldn't even understand, well, one word started because he was singing in and for a frog the first two thirds of the thing. If they weren't Toronto, they wouldn't have done that. They don't sing no frog in Toronto, eh? That's why these morons out there that were calling Rick and said, they don't know what Canadians are all about. They don't have the difference between a frog and a conucting, oh, nothing about it. Because they're the same peroky little people that have never been more than three blocks from their house. But no, I really enjoyed. But I want the way Terry was explained in how the view on the final, on that one gold that leaves God's. Oh, they're saying it to be getting right at the end. First of all, I'd be right before that, just before that happened, Claude Lemuse got a two on one break for Canada. Okay, they were ahead two to one. They could have put the game away and he fans on a shot and he rolls it right to Rick through, covers it up. Then on the, and so on the very next play, the puck goes in and his end and he rolls it around on the boards right to Brian Lee. Where did you supposed to be? Right. That's where he was the plan is. The sawed common man, you could smell it. He headed right to Leach and they had just been saying, the last guy you want to be handling the puck at this day to the game is Brian Lee to turn up and take a wicked shot and hug it to the stick and tips it in there and there we go. And U.S. scores four goals and three and a half minutes. I was in crud. Unbelievable. That was totally. Yeah. Good luck to the spin this, I can't know. It's the off-star game with defense like they said. It really is. No, no, it's the off-star game with hitting. Forget about defense with hitting. There's no hitting in the off-star game. Nobody's going to get in your new all-star game, which is my off-star game's always suck. But man, these guys were putting it out. There was blood on the line in that game. It was dynamite. It was great. You take care. OK, back at you. And a panther started last night. They lost three, two and over time to Washington. Those exhibition games mean nothing. They give a chance to all the kids play. And I guess the beasers are going to play something out in their second game. But it's not far off now, baby. You can smell it. It's in the air. They had like 10 or 12,000 people at the panther, whatever they call that. They hockey fest on Saturday, which nobody bothered to remind us about. We could probably have another 5,000 people out there. But nobody reminded us. And I didn't even know about it until I read in the paper Saturday morning. I said, hey, that's great. But who knows? Here is a pop-in-all. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Yeah. I flew up to upstate New York. Friday, Saturday afternoon. I drove up the Montreal. And I went to the game. Did you? Frags are the most uttered, tell us you, bull. Unknowledgeable. The Friday just because they invented the game of hockey. They think they're God given right to win a hockey game. They are the biggest assholes that ever walked the planet. Yeah. And I had a blast. Great game. It was a great game. It was a great game. I've been a lot of things in the excitement at that game. I'm going to tell you one thing that really pissed me off speaking to the frogs in Montreal. Last fall. At the beginning of the game when they sang the US National Anthem first, they were booing. I'm going to tell you one thing. If that game would have been in Toronto, you might have heard one or two assholes booing or you wouldn't have even heard them. But in Montreal, see, that's the difference between real Canadians in those frogs, which is why if they were smart, they would let them succeed and get them out of the country. Hey, in half of them were sitting down. Where I was sitting there all sitting down. Wouldn't even stand up for it. Yeah. Oh, bra. Scholar frogs, baby. You should have seen me. It was great. Just awesome. Frags are apples. Amen. Okay. But as how is he really feel? Okay. We have an open line in date. 7. 5. So the staff to know the two fill is going to give me some more career advice on the watch. I'm taking notes on this every day because God, if anybody needs it. Because I'm scared, man. I'm terrified. Make no mistake. I finally said, all weekend long. I kept thinking about fills comments at about 250. I'm friday. I'm just terrified. I'm petrified. I wish I had the guts that he's got to get up and make the big career move. Here's a pompeto on the purple line. Hello. And, yes, sir. The end of the hockey end of the other night. Yeah. And he was right in the doorstep. But he couldn't put it home. Yep. Did you see that one? Yes, I did. Right before right before they got the empty net goal. Yeah. And then they came back the other way. Well, the excuses that the great one had a pulled groin. He's been pulling it or something and he had some other problem. He was like under the weather. In the second game in that game on Saturday, the great one stuck the joint out. He was pretty weak. All right. The other thing I want to talk about is the parking situation in Joe or player. I guess I'm the only one that had the problem. I would have thought these phones would be jammed with people pissed off about the way they won't let you get out of that joint. No, I used to work there with the parking lot when the Marlin's set you to have crowds. You know? Yeah. And they don't let you come out and make that left. Yeah. They're good. I was staring. But, boy, let me ask you this. Then how in hell are you supposed to get to the turnpike from that internal road? That's the whole deal. It's easy to get in there. You come right in there. They've even got a separate entrance now. If you got the purple pass or whichever they were passed. But how in hell are you supposed to get out of there? What they do? They funnel everybody in the parking lot. They have to stay in the lot and you have to go stay all the way to the east end in the lot. You can't leave the lot. You have to follow. And we would take you from where we park over there by gate F. Right? And I think I know what that stands for now. From there, it would have taken us an hour just to get over any other side as it is. It took ten minutes to go out of there because they had some pork bridge in there directing traffic with an attitude. So, I yelled at the guy what's going on. And he told me that the reason why they funnel all the people in one lane is because that's Wayne's lane. That's what he told me. They can stick it up. Wings. Wings. One more thing. I have never seen anything in my life like the scene and keep in mind this is with ten minutes left. There may be a couple thousand of us leaving the stadium at that point feeling of the game is wrapped up. Everything's under control. And you can't get out of that joint. And I've been coming here for years. Okay, for like five or six years. Never and every year it gets worse. Every year they make it more impossible to get out of there. Did you commit on the turn bike? Sure. Did you notice like all the signs and everything they put up purple? Great. It's great. Yeah. And then you figure, you know, no problem getting out. And then you try to leave and it just ain't gonna have. Oh yeah, you can't get out the same way. In fact, when we came in they had one of the parking kids doing the macarina and he's like pointing in all six directions at the same time, which is a little disconcerting. But it's a piece of cake getting in. You just can't get out. In closing your buddy Ramma was on QAM Saturday. Yeah. They were at him on the parking house. Yeah. Didn't he tell you that he wasn't going to do it? Anything for them anymore? What do I care what he does? He's supposed to stop by here today with my hockey tickets. So don't piss him off until at least I get my tickets. All right. Okay, pal. Glad I got it. It's everybody's not gonna do this. Not gonna do that. We all have to survive. We all do whatever we have to do just like, you know, feels gonna go to LA and hit the big time and we're just gonna like a fumble our way along here. Even though some of us don't have any guts. So anyway, PPS, baby, perpetual pain, stadium, get that Nike logo. I'm gonna say to you about a 20 or 30 pack and you're all set to go. But it just me. It's just grumbling old Neil again. Everybody else was very comfortable. Had a great time. No problems with a parking. It's just Neil. He's just on their belly again again. And I know you're full of crap because I know that when you I can't even begin to imagine, I can't imagine what a must have been like leaving at the end of that game yesterday. When there were probably like 40,000 people still trying to get out. But hey, if that's what you enjoy, if that's like the way you like spending your Sunday. If that's the case then you did miss the end of the course, Dallas game, which was the game of the day. That was a real football game. Those were real men. And isn't it a shame that your E. Jones was down there on the field at the sideline right at the end of the game when they blew it when they lost the game? What a bad break that was. Are you asshole? 1046, a WIO, D.I. When we say dolphins on radio, we mean sent for in Mad Dog. He's in protest. I just storm on the golfers. I ride. Turned out. And crank up the dolphins. On the only radio station you remember when the dolphins played. News talking entertainment radio, 610, WIO, D. Well, all right, sports fans. I want to give you a kiss. Okay, 1050, WIO, D. Kiss this, Mandage. We have an open line on the purple line, Pondio, D. I'm sitting here fried like a lobster. And I still can't finger out why. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. You know nothing about football after all. Okay, and you know nothing about phone calls as whole because it's the same old tired deal every single day. Every day, I know nothing about football. I know an exciting game when I see one. Okay, and when I saw here yesterday, you could have taken a nap there and most of that game. Puffetic. Yeah, Zach Thomas. I told you he was a genius. That kid's great. He's a player. Lou Alcender, he played great. And Danny Boyce, stuck in the first half, but his usual made a nice comeback. And who else? And Louise Oliver. He played damn well. To route buckly started out, looking pretty good, then got burned real bad, the same with Gene Atkins. And that's it. I know who was on top of it, and who was on the bottom of it. And I know that Neil O'Donnell thinks to join out, and yet we still got burned badly over and over again. But anyway, what do I know? Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Morning Neil. Yes, sir. Coming back from New York yesterday, there was a bunch of old, geriatric hintes coming from New York, went to the Rutgers game. Yeah. I was close. You haven't got to choose a bunch of fat pigs. And I just want to calm all bunch of two spags. Yeah. Open line in dates, 751, one in the green, a purple line, whatever line of color that is, at 1-800, a craft at Pound IOD, Mobile One Celli, TNT Wireless Pound IOD. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. A Hollywood game Saturday, great game. It was written for the U.S. In your right, Richter played a whale of a game. Oh my god. I'm believe it's like he had some kind of a invisible shield on the goal. And you know, I have to sheepishly admit that thanks to a couple of conucks, the U.S. They did win. A couple of ringers, Brett Hall, Adam Deadmarsh. Yeah, guys who were playing a heck of a game. But you know, it's like the New York Times said it was a physical game. They just know what's getting. Did you see what the contract did do was Adam foot? Yeah. Colop the Miami News. I got his ass kicked out of the game. Yeah, I saw that. I mean, the referees had to stop the game. It was getting out of hand. I mean, there were, I mean, Lindrosha was clubbing people. Everybody was to be honest with you. Lindrasha got kicked out of the game. He sure got a five minute and the game is conduct after he did the number on a back of Kachux neck. You see how they hit the ice pack? Could you almost, uh, he almost knocked his head off. Uh, he sure did. Oh, and yesterday, I, uh, that hockey fence they had up in Fort Waterdale. Yeah. The other station. I thought that was Saturday. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm not the other station. We're not pussy's over here. We give call letters. QA and they were there. I heard about two minutes of that in the car. Right. And then they said, remember said about the Rangers? No. Yeah, they asked them, you know, whether you hockey geniuses over there, asked them, you know, what, uh, what, what the Rangers chances were. It said, well, they either go all the way or they don't make the playoffs. I'm like, wow. That's, uh, that's covering your ass. That's, uh, you know, I mean, what kind of insight is that? He did they're going to go, uh, they're not going to score a goal. A goal all season. They're going to win a Stanley Cup. That's covering all the full spectrum there. Yeah, they're going to need Richter. Believe me. Richter, Robert, there's not going to play life at all season long. He just was hotter and epistol and he was, uh, invincible. He was unbelievable. It was a heck of a game, though. And you're right that, uh, Dallas, uh, Indianapolis game. Oh, now that was a football game, man. And I don't know what's with these, these people. It's a same old stuff. I don't know why ever expected to change. We won a win as a win. We'll take it. We're three. You know what all that stuff. But if anybody really believes that the dolphins played a good game yesterday. I mean, they, it was a struggle against a horrendous team. But Jets are a joke. They had even my grandma could run better than then they have no running attack. And yet their receivers are open and open. Okay, constantly just burning our secondary. I just don't get it. And you know, and why, when we, uh, beginning of the game, we sacked those down life today. We got a pass rush this year. And in a couple of times later, we almost got to whom we hurried to throw, you know, we broke up to play. But generally speaking, man, he, uh, too much time again, no pass rush. Same old stuff. Uh, he first didn't go on a, yeah, Kishan Johnson one. This is a guy's a hell of a player. And he just caught that pass. Didn't have to jump. He just reaches far and already caught it. Yeah. And there's T buck trying to jump up and swat it away. But he's to rub buckly comes up to his puppet. This guy is six foot six. And here's poor to rub buckly try to cover me. He comes up to his waist. Oh, man, I tell you. And you're right. But hey, I guess, I'm wrong. I guess I must have been a sensational game. I read the paper here just 55 pages with Dave Heids big column here. And we ran it down there, throw it. And we did against the girls team. Yeah, it was. And then you go home and you watch the Colts and a Cowboys man. That was football. That was simulating that kept you on the edge of your seat. It was a heck of a game. Yeah. Anything to see Jerry Jones annoyed. Oh, you know, when I, I'm telling you, I see the Cowboys lose. I get sexual excitement. That's how much. Seriously, that's how much I hate that whole organization from acumen to Michael Irvin to Emmett Smith and Jerry Jones and Barry Swisher. I hate every single one of them like poison to me. They're to me what they basically represent is everything bad about you, of them, the Hurricanes. That's what they represent. And they both wear the Nike logo. All right. All right. Have a great day. You too. Yeah, save the world from Nike, baby. Oh, it's everywhere that little thing saved the world from that little thing. God. And I guess I'm the only one. It just finds it very difficult to, you know, to, on the one hand. Of course, you know, hypocrisy, something that where you we love. We admire it. The thing about, oh, yeah, it's amateur athletics, college football. There's no big money in that ride. That's why there was the big thing in the newspaper about how the Hurricanes not only was on against Rutgers and at Girls' Game on ESPN, but they got all these other games that they're going to get on against their pathetic opponents. This year, they're playing FSU and a bunch of Girls teams and that's it. So what's the big deal with all these college football games, except, of course, it's another vehicle to gamble on. If you take the gambling away from football, there is, there is no more football. Worth the game yesterday. And fat rich keeps reaching in his pocket. He's got a couple of sheets of paper in there. And I'm wondering, what is he looking at? So I kind of peek over his gigantic shoulder and I see Arizona against New England. I see he's got the list of all his picks. Then he reached into his nostrils. Oh, no more picks, please. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I was at that hockey fest on Saturday. Yeah, how was it? It's excellent. It's excellent. The only thing that they went to go get an autograph from Wayne. I don't know why I did this. But from what a smart move that was. He didn't do it. And I wanted to picture taking with people, but he refused to do autographs. Yeah. And you're wrong. I hate to say it. But I'm in the one that's in trouble here. T-S-I-F-N-W-I-D-I-D does not have sports channel. Well, no, I'm not wrong. I don't know. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold on. The reman came back from his adventures in PEI over the weekend. He called me to tell me that everybody else is going to have sports channel except T-S-I. I'm going to have a bit of a time with T-S-I because they have that incestuous relationship. They own sunshine or they're part-on or sun shine. And as a result, they're giving them a hard time. Right. So they had a guy there with the booth taking everybody's name and stuff if you want to protest and stuff and how it's going to do it. But I guess I got to go to a whole bar and have a few games. And you talk about tying everything up at the game yesterday where you had to do all the vloggers. Yeah, I'm a seat and ticked holder. Okay. So did you notice on the big board up there that sports channel must add 7,000 and they got the Jimmy Johnson show. They got the Danny Moreno show. They got every show that's ever even. They're all going to be on sports channel. And we don't know. Which, by the way, speaking of sports channel tomorrow night, they got an hour special at 8 o'clock on the Panthers, the pregame, you know, preview and season. Huh? Like I do me. And you go to a bar and see it. That's what I'm going to have to be on. Go over there to Rosie Paymonts and get, get proud. I'm the one who told you that I paid $56 for that for the cable for T-S-I. And I don't get any half of the stuff that most people get. So that's what I am. And you can't get a small dish. That's what they're forcing us to do. And I'm going to have to go to that prime star or something that went from radio shack where you pay. Why do you want prime star? Because I'm in an apartment. You can have it permanently drilled through the wall of the porch for this thing to go through your wall for the wiring and stuff. So I guess prime star would be the only way to do that. Anything is better than cable, man. That's what I say. Just like yesterday, I go home and there's, I don't have to worry about his channel of six carrying this. You got the football package. The NFL Sunday package. You're you turn on the dish. And there's every game right next to each other, including that ball that Indianapolis Cowboys. Is that part of prime star or no? Prime star is a scam put on by the cable company. It's okay. When you use prime star, that's a three and a half foot dish. It's a whole separate deal. But at least prime star, I guess gives you, I don't know. I assume they give you the football and all the other stuff. Three and a half foot dish. Right. Oh, you can't put that in the apartment complex, man. I don't know how I have no idea how that works. I thought you just got, I thought you just got to tell me that you can. I thought it was an 18 inch dish. No, that's the, that's the DSS. That's the other dish. The star is operated by the cable people. Well, I kill that too. Yeah. And I'm also, so why can't you get the 18 inch dish? I guess if I got a, I have to get a proof from the apartment complex. Yeah, screw the apartment complex. Get with it, stop being such a pussy. Well, I'm also hurting like you are my size. Like burned as can be. So it's hurting right now. I don't understand. I'm telling you, you know, it's a stadium. There are basically two sides. There's the sunny side and there's the shade side. And one of the great things about my seats. Not only being right on a 50, but it's the shade side. Well, I'm in 107, so it's good at the four o'clocking because at five o'clock it goes behind the West. But I mean, I've been going to games there for, like, five, six years now except for last season. And I've never had this and I come on me yesterday and I'm like burned away crisp. My head is like a bright like a crimson red. I went home and I crashed. I watched that the Dallas game, but then I crashed right after that one. Yeah. So I'm like kind of fried from the sun. Okay, well, I got this good melanoma doctor here. We can do a package deal. Thanks, Neil. Okay, pal. Have a great day. It's 7.5. 1. Wild. We have one in Broward 5. 2. 4 after the dolphin after the spectacular victory yesterday after the World Cup on Saturday as usual. This crowd is out of control. Not you, but we won't raise your taxes. Wild. My only fortnight. I used to talk in an entertainment radio. 6.10 W.I.O.D. This station stands for nothing. 7. The estate tie heaven. You smell just like a word I won't repeat. And the sidewalk melts when you walk down the street. Cause you've got funky smelly stinking feet. The flowers. You fill the flowers. When you walk through a garden filled with tea. You'll make it you a piston that's you burn a hole right through the shoe. Cause you've got funky smelly stinking feet. And to see the watery eyes around you. The flies around you. Everything dies around you. All heaven. Yes, things to high heaven. Just smell just like a word I won't repeat. And the sidewalk melts when you walk down the street. Cause you've got funky smelly stinking feet. Amen. 11.06. The W.I.O.D. happy Monday. Okay. The dolphins are three and we really kicked ass yesterday. Didn't we? I guess so. I guess that must have been a sitlating man to me. It was one of the most pondress events of my entire life. It was just like sitting in a sweat box and then during. And then they're like every other play that was another injury. And there's somebody riding and pain on the field. And of course that immediately means that there's going to be like another delay for two minutes, three minutes, four minutes, five minutes. And you're sitting there, spits in your brains out thinking, oh please, please get up to the line of Scrimmage snap the ball, do something. Let's get that clock moving here already. Okay. And if there's anybody and I don't care what you say. I mean, yes, the cold Dallas game that was a like a once at a lifetime. They're not too many games. I'm quite like that. Once at a blue moon. But if anybody's going to compare the excitement and a football game with hockey man, you are in a dream world. There's no comparison. And then the crowd there. You know, I've been wondering this. I mean, we had, I see a lot of new faces. There was the school teacher. She don't sit by us, but she came by to say, oh, you're not still on that terrible diet. Are you? Yeah, Nancy. I'm sure it's still sometimes on that diet, except over eating ice cream. Some of us. But she was there in a few of the people that said right in front of us, who we recognize and no one are okay. They're decent people, but other than that, a lot of different faces there. But still ugly. And still just, I don't know. You look around in that stadium and you wonder, who are these people? And they ran a couple of spots. You know, on the, on a big board, they had a couple of IOD spots. And they've what they've done. And by the way, Renee, you were on here again yesterday. You and your former girlfriend that you're back doing again or whatever is going on this week. But they, like, pieced together, they edited some of the old footage from that TV spot, which I guess they're going to milk until it's like dry as a bone. And they had one spot that was kind of generic. And I was standing there like mumbling in the words and the ellipse were moving, but the, it wasn't kind of too synchronized. And then there was another one for Neil Rogers from Tended 2, which was really great, except what's it all about? That was on there and there was obviously no recognition of that. So I, and that's probably one of the reasons I shouldn't waste my time talking about the dolphin games. I don't think those people even listen to this radio station, like, except for the game. I think basically that's it. Seriously, I don't think there's, like, any great benefit there because I don't think that's our crowd. The hockey game, different story. Go to a hockey game. There's all our people there, like, eight billion of them, like, all IOD people. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, good morning. Great. Listen to occasional caller. Yes. And the TTI call that you had just before the news break. I have another TTI story. I am a subscriber and have been for many years. I pay my $40 a month like everyone else. But in the past TTI has given you an extra month's service you paid a year's subscription. You don't want month for free. That's something else that they've done away with. Well, we all know TTI sucks. We know that. I can't believe it. And we have no recourse. They get $500 a year and you get nothing. $500 a year for what? Well, if you figure it out, $40 a month, are you in an apartment? No, I'm in a home. I guess I should get it. Oh, come on. Pound get with the program. Don't be a prisoner of TTI. Well, it's not that. What do you wait for? It's a program. Huh? It's not as easy to get with the program. You know, you don't want to make the move. You're a little. You think so. Wait, let me tell you something. I saw ads in the paper this weekend. The the small dish for 298 bucks. They give you a coupons for $200 worth of free program. I mean, they're practically giving you to you now. How can you say no? Oh, how can you sit there? No, wait a minute. But seriously, how can you be calling me and belly? You can when you know you're getting screwed and you're giving them. You're giving them 500 bucks a year for whatever they want to whatever. Craft they want to put on your cable. You're right. You can't be a prisoner for everyone. It's your free yourself, man. Okay. Don't make me a fool. I'm trying to be a good guy. But I'm trying to be a good guy. But what do you mean a good guy to be a schmuck is what you're trying to be. Not a good guy. You're being a schmuck. Go out there and tell him screw off. Tell him. Good bye TTI. Okay. Okay. Do it. Get out of here. Oh, my God. You got to jump start these bastards. You got to give them a little kick in the pantalones. They say, hey, be a man for once in your life. We have all the deadlines wide open here. Boy, this is a kick in the teeth to me. I don't, I think I'm not going anymore. Dolphin games. I'm not going to talk about it. I tried. I mean, I'm glad we won. I was rooting for us. I be duty. I didn't really enjoy the game all that much because I thought it was very, very pond. Wrist and very suspect against the girls team. Again, I mean, any team that's coached by rich coat type that gives you a run for your money. And I'm so sick and tired here. And all the jets always give us a tough time. That's bull crap. Maybe up in the middlelands. They usually give us a pretty good run for the money. But when you're playing a team that's that's short on town. They're not bad. They got Kishan Johnson and that's it. And Neil O'Donnell, man, you talk about suspect. You talk about a guy that's just a wringer. Give me a break. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey Phil. Sorry. We have Skyby and Philston right next to me. Rick. So, I was going on there. Yeah. I got a question for you. I'm watching about, don't take this wrong way. Don't hang up on me. But, you know, I'm starting to believe that people that are gay. Like yourself, you're gay just because you are. Right? Yeah. Now, I look. I'm watching a real world on an interview. And you always have like somebody gay living in the house. And this guy, it seems like the guys that are really feminine about it have like an intention problem. They have like what? Like they just need attention. So, I know that. So, I know that you think they're acting a feminine intentionally. Is that it? Right. Because you're normal. I mean, you're just like, like anybody else. I hate to break the news to you pal. But I know some feminine people who are as straight as you are. And they're just like that. They're just like that. You know, it's not like you wake up on days. Oh, I think I'm going to act like this. I'm going to talk like this. I used to think that too. I used to because I'm always, all my life as a gay person been embarrassed by the stereotype, by the real menacing queens. But nobody makes it effort to be like that. They're not even aware of the fact that they are like that. They just are. That's just them. When I was at Michigan State, there was a kid in our dormitory who was the, he was the most feminine looking and acting person I've ever seen in my life. This guy was getting more chicks than all the other guys who was on Beliva. He was getting laid more than, uh, than Kathy Willitz. Well, I've heard of guys, uh, just act in feminine because they can't get the women that way. And a lot of guys don't know that. Huh? They'll act queer for quimp. Yeah. Queer for quimp. That's a new movement is better for her. Queer for quimp. Okay, I just had that. Or is it queer for trim? Yeah. Put your up. I'll have a great day. Okay. Don't worry about those loosely. Bovert. Hey, listen, Troy, Ike, man. He acts pretty much, you know, to me. In fact, he's got the night. You see he had the Nike emblem on his back. I saw it. That's what man would said. He saw it. Open line in date. 7509463751 gay. Oh, man. Am I gay? I'm silly and gay. But you're just, you're not like a real feminine. Well, I'll put on the skirt and let's see if I can do it. Okay. I'll talk like this all day. But hey, I'm going to put you up. I'm going to go out there. I'm going to lose my inhibitions, my fear of the major markets. I'm going to go out there and get syndicated. I'm going to listen to what Phil Henry says. Not. And I'm going to like, because I know I'm all my life. I've been waiting for some professional advice and guidance of somebody who's really made it big. Somebody who's really gone to the top. Somebody who's really got my best interest at heart. And by the way, if you really want to know the inside story about what's going on here. Why Phil is going to LA? Why we got these changes coming? I'll call up Steve Nicholson Sunday morning and he'll make some good stuff up for you. It's 11 14 at WIOD. You know, we only have nine more morning shows left. Whoa. My head is spinning. And now that we only have nine, we're starting to get mail. It's the one people would like to see on the morning show. Yeah, it's one now. Well, like that. We don't like to see eight more morning shows. Rick and son, six to 10 a.m., two to six p.m., ten a.m. The end of midnight on news, talking entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. I want to give you a kiss. 11 17 at WIOD. George says that he shocked that I haven't done a ulogy so far for six packs of a quarter. Shaker. And what does there to say? So, but if it'll make you feel better, you know, it might be like it's a big surprise that a guy who was like heavily in the gangs and all the crap and a wrap that he was that he should get off. But hey. When I was little, I was a skinny little punk. They wouldn't let me play basketball. The gangs used to push me around. Even though how I was beating crap out of me. But then I started drinking milk. And I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And now I'm a six foot five inch 280 pound angry mother. And I'm gonna put some serious hood on everybody who ever dis me. You f***ing me. You go home in a body bag. Because I'm a natural born milk-freakin killer. Milk. It doesn't bite in cool. I find it hard to believe that six pack is no longer with us, but we'll have to make do. Okay. And you don't, you've got to be into some really bad crap when you get to the often Vegas too. 1118 at WIOD. The purple line is waiting on you. You're hoping to give it a shot. Pounded, pound IOD from Ovalon, Celi, Tint, T. Wireless, and everybody else that's got a portable one and a phone too. Here's the curl springs. Hello. Yeah, I know you're not supposed to call twice the day, but it is a hockey call. But when you called me or Rick. No, you. Open line and broward. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, bit on an hour and 15 minutes in this guy's calling for sloppy seconds. Okay. Forget it, man. It is a hockey call. So I'm calling a second time. Get out of here. Go, go, get sticked in the head by Eric Lindras. Go get out of my post. Or speak in a very Lindras. Let's play it. So anyway, let's build up to a Richter's making all these great saves. The Montreal fans, their all these frenzy Canadian fans are frustrated. They had 22 shots in the second period alone there. Bomb barting, Richter with everything but the kitchen sink. They got breakaways. They got two on ones. They got everything. And then finally after, let's see, 39 minutes and 50, 39 minutes and 50, 4 and a half seconds. Finally, it was like an eruption. Can we hear it or not? Are we going to hear it? Or not going to hear it. What's about killing the area? Pomp, he knows that and he'll have to kill it on the jet. We can do 15 seconds back in the period. I think he'll come to the ground. Over line. The past 10 seconds. Pomp, he's got to the right star. Render. Get the ball. Go. Go. They went, they looked at the gut-cate killer Killos frogs. They went nuts. That was really the, you know. And then, of course, in the last 3 minutes and 18 seconds, you Americans stuck it in there 4 times. How do you like that? Even Kathy Willitz never seen an action like that. They stuck it in there 4 times and 3 minutes and 18 seconds. Even Peter North never could lay that to claim to fame. You know what I'm saying? Squared Squared. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. That was an absolutely great game. One of the greatest games I've ever seen. That was just right on the edge of your seat. In the first generation level. And finally, they scored and then they took the lead. And you just had the feeling they headed in the bag. They had it locked up and then the US team just went nuts. It was outstanding. Yeah. I know that with the US scored the first goal, right? Right. And then they went on. They just basically went dead till almost what in the third one. Well, they wasn't just they went dead. I mean, just Canadians just took it to them. They were just for checking and they were just shooting from, they just went crazy. They had a bottle up and then of course as soon as they tied it up, there as soon as US came back and tied it up there in the third. You know, Harry Neil said the Canadians are, you know, in a panic mode at this point. And they were, they were running around in their own end. And they just fell apart. It was wonderful just watching the whole turnaround of events with the, the fans just going completely deserved. And it was a had it in hand basically. Yeah. But it was also wonderful seeing the level of intensity of the way these guys were playing. Yeah. I mean, you know. And again, it shows you the difference between hockey players and any other sport. These guys, there's no screw in around. The All Star Game, of course, is right in the middle of the NHL season. They're not going to go out there and get banged up and hurt for an exhibition game. But I mean, the World Cup, they take it seriously. It's an action in the competition. The intensity was right up with it with the Stanley Cup game. Right. I agree. Can I get a request of, you have that song at O Canada? O, can, you know, that one with the different words and that it's been spurred it in. You know that one? Yeah. Can you play it for me, please? Spurting it in. I, yeah. We'll try to spurred it in for everybody. Okay. Bye bye. See. We have an open line at Broward, five, two, four spurred, five, two, four scored. So how's that movie white scored to him? By the way, I'm hanging out on that tape just to piss off Mitch. It's 1122 at Wild. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. I think it's all the things, see? Oh, Canada, you think that you're in love. Rectom. You stole our old star game. Cus your own sports really suck. You've got dog sled runs. You shoot moves with guns. What a way to entertain. And you fish for ice. You think hockey's nice. Cause it's played without a brain. Who can a dog? Who knows ya? Give me my old star game. I want it back now. Oh. It's baseball in Canada. Makes me a blue child. I want to give you a kiss. 1127 at Wild are hockey fanatic fill out there. His facts me a whole bunch of stuff here. Some real hazery. And also the TV thing. So I guess Dave Stranger didn't get fired by the Red Wing's all. He didn't do the exhibition game. The Red Wing's beat the Leafs for two last night. And I'm going to tell you, they do have some of the exhibition games on. Including tonight. I think the Rangers are playing the Devils tonight. And the Bruins are playing. I think it's Montreal. They're playing somebody. And their game was on SN2. The Bruins got beat by Pittsburgh 63. But you know, these early exhibition games. If you're desperate enough to watch that, your life must be. I mean, it's so boring. And they got all these punky kids playing with these high numbers. Like 1097, you know. But anyway, I see here that it says, Oh, let's see. Jeff Rimmer and Denise Potfan. It even has an E on the Denise. Nice going. Dave Strater and Mickey Redmond on the Red Wing's. What was I looking for? Fred Cusik and Derek Sanders in our back on Nessa on S.B.K. That horrible Dale Arnold is still there on a Nessa, which we saw last night for about two minutes. But Fred Cusik comes back again. Thank God, man. They try to push him out. It's just like it's just like with the rest of us old folks. They try to push us out before we're ready to leave. Here's a mobile at Derrell. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. One thing I'm going to say about the hockey. You got a speaker to them before they stick it to you. Yeah. And that was just wondering. Remember it's all song by corn the game. Get down on it. Yeah. What does that mean? Well, if anybody ought to know pal, we have an open line in date 751946. Right. I think it means I want to give you a kiss. And we have an open line in Broward. 5249463524Wiod. L.A. King's Bob Miller and Jim Foxboy. There's a guy. Bob Miller, one of the worst. Oh, terminal. Colma inducing. Buffalo Saber is Rick Jenner, right in general. Rents return all right. They don't come too much better than Rick Jenner. I'll tell you that right now. Or Fred Cusik or Bob cool. Or let's see. Pittsburgh penguins. Mike Lang. Matt McConnell and Paul Stiger. On the, oh, don't tell me this. Matt McConnell guys. I'm going to say that. And Paul Stiger. On, don't tell me this. Matt McConnell guys. Going to do some of the TV games. Oh my god. Oh. What else do they got on here? Let's see. Rick Peckham is back in Tampa Bay. Pretty mediocre right best. On that of course that I mentioned. Jeff Irmer will tell you one thing. He's no Bob cool. I'm talking a long long time. What? And I've been kind of busy. I've been busy every day though. Okay. I've been running around town doing work. First things first. Listen, I'm building a house. And right now, certainly, I have a big satellite dish. Yeah. Now I sold a house with a few satellite. Well, with a big satellite dish. Now, I want to hear a opinion on whether I should get a new big one or a small one. And the reason I'm asking you that is because they're in the process of building the house. And I want to have them run the wires inside the, the drywall between the drywall and the block. And I don't want to do that later on. You don't know how the pens are what you want to see. Depends on what you want to see everything I can see right now. I got the football package, basketball, basically, I got everything. Yeah. I've got a big dish. Now, on the little one, I'm not too familiar with it. No, I agree. Do you watch hockey? Yes, I do. Of course. I'll follow the blackhawks. And I follow the, of course. Well, do you know why it's the penguins then, right? I'm like, I want to. Oh, what the hell does tap in there? If I radio, my company radio. Yeah, watch the, yeah. I'm going to see the penguins on the big dish, at least not the KBL telecast. And you're not going to see the, the sabers on it. You're not going to see empire on it anymore. The digital. So you got to go with the big dish to get to see all that. A little one. Let me ask you something. Am I not speaking English? I'll sure I had a background on you. Okay. Let me say it again. It depends on what you want. I still favor the big dish. And especially because December the first, the new general instruments receiver is going to come out. It's going to be a cost about a grand. And it's going to let you unscramble a lot of the digital stuff and the regular analog stuff that's in a clear. And it'll be, you'll have a lot of great use to it. But if you were like, say, a penguin fan or a savers fan, you would never see that on the big dish again. It's it's all digital. But if you're, you know, not don't care about that. I would stick with a big dish. Got it. Because I'll tell you another thing. You'll never see all the back calls, all the feeds. You'll never see that on the small dish ever, never. I figured that because I get a lot of back calls and I'm going to, I'm going to, I'll make this. I love it. I love that. And all the new speeds and all the other stuff you'll never see any of that on the, you'll never see Dan Ratherer. Coleman is here or Tom Brokeau get this makeup put on on the small dish. You only on the big dish. I'm not, you all got the 10, 10 footer. Do this. Can you get the same reception on the eight footer? Or do you can't know. No, don't, don't get sucked into a smaller dish. 10 foot is what you want. So take a stick with the 10 foot. Stick with the big one. And another question is, is it the same kind of cable as useful with a cable company or is it a different cable on the system? Do you follow what I'm saying? Not in the least. The big, then you, how is something building? They're going to run all the cables close inside the walls. It's all going to be nice and tuck in and play on the wall. I can use that same cable. Well, you got to talk to your satellite guy. I mean, that's, when you're stuck in a, you know, is it 75? Oh, yes, but am I the edge around? Yeah, but I, but you got to talk to your cable. You're a satellite guy. All right. Okay. I'm not going to start. Huh? I appreciate it. Okay, pal. Good luck. Take care of a good day. I'm back to you. So I guess I'm the, I'm not, like I said, there's no point in my bringing up the dolphin games anymore. There's no, there's no point in it because nobody also who was there. I'm the only one. I'm just a gross and a grumbler and it was a great game and we played sensational. We won a game and there's no problem getting out of that joint and it was very comfortable and it's a, it's a wonderful thing. It must just be me. Okay. I'm getting grumpy and old. It just me and Walter Mathau, grumpy old man. Okay. It was dynamite. I felt like I'll tell you that. I sure wish I was back there right now getting sunburn again. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, man? Okay. I'm the satellite dish expert. I could tell you anything you want to know that I need special cable. But I don't want to know. I don't want to take like, individual, you know how interesting this is to the general audience out there that some guy calls up. It's like a doctor question. Nobody else out there cares what kind of cable this guy needs. He's got to talk to a satellite guy. Everybody wants to use this show for like personal advice. Hey, I just wanted to tell George he wanted to put me on Neil. Nice going. I wasn't going. I was going. You miserable. I'm going. I would have just passed the information on the church. But since I'm on anyway, I don't know. I'd like to put my two cents in on the Phil Henry Rick and such controversy. What's the controversy? Well, I, you know, I guess everybody has their opinion. I just want to tell you one thing. Okay. I really mean this and I'm not, see, one thing with me. I don't come on and do what was that. That was my dog. I don't do stick like Phil. We all do our own thing. We all have our own individual act. I don't do a bull crap. Okay. And one thing I, we're, forget about who's the best. One thing I want to tell you right now. I don't need. I'm not asking for any professional advice. I don't need anybody telling me that I'm scared to go out and to go to the, I am not interested in that. To me, I set it on Friday and I'll say it again today. It's inappropriate. It's disingenuous. Phil, you know, talk about some other crap. Okay. Get a show. But don't don't keep wasting your time about how needles to good for you. Neal ain't going anywhere. Okay. And I see through this whole transparent thing. I'm not the least bit interested. And he keeps telling me, oh, this one's going to call you. And nobody is going to call. Okay. Don't buck wall. They're going to be calling me. Art buck wall. They're going to be calling me. Howard Stern ain't going to be calling. And that's fine. I don't have any. I have no aspirations at this point. No respirations or perspiration. To do anything more than what I'm going to do with the Paxon people. If we expand and we syndicate through the state of Florida, even if it's a bunch of nose picking places, I don't care that's fine. I'm doing just fine right now. And it's great for us. I could understand if Phil Henry was going to LA to do morning drive was going to make a million dollars a year. Okay. Then I could understand him starting to give me advice. Like all of a sudden, I'm a lemon. But in the meantime, I'm still making a hell of a lot more than anybody else in this market. I'm making a lot more than he's going to be making out there. And I don't need any professional advice. Thank you. It's done all off the year. It's just Phil stick anyway. No, it's not stick. I'm telling you that it is not stick. It's anger to audience and he's getting through to you. No, you want to make everybody angry so they'll call up and say, Meals not going anywhere. I've never listened again. But it didn't work. There were like four calls about it. Nobody cares about that anymore. You can only go back to the well so many times. And it just doesn't fly anymore. I made it very you off the. I've made it. Huh? It's pissing you off. Yes he is. He's going to do that. What he's trying to do that Phil stick. But it but it's not stick. You're missing the point. But I think that Phil believes that you would be better off in another market somewhere. I believe that he would like to see is all bailout here and see the station turn into a parking lot. I do believe that. Exactly. Could he's got to go? I believe that anybody who is not going to be involved with IOD after the 30th of September. I believe those people for whatever their motivations, whatever reason, they would like to see this place turn into a toilet. Well, God bless you Neil. I'm glad you're not going anywhere. I'm not going nowhere. I'm right here. The go off. In fact, I was in church with buddy yesterday. Have a great day, pal. Okay. All right. Have a good day. We have an open line of brown. We kicked the rest yesterday. Baby, I can see it's the same old dolphin crowd out there. I mean, you just don't want to fess up. We played a very marginal game yesterday against the very poor team. And yeah, we still won. We'll take the victory. We're 3 and 0. But please. Please. I'm begging you. Like I have in previous years. Keep it in perspective. This is a team with still many deficiencies in these people are as super ball and you're on or way to the game. They got the flag. They're flying to the flag. They're all there letting themselves in for another big fall. I can just smell it again. Although you have a lot of good new food out there at the stadium. I'll say that. If we could just put the dome on there right now, Wayne, like before the next home game, we'll have the infield out of there. Baseball, but you over with, we'll get that crap out of there. Now if we can just get the dome on here and have it like nice and cool and temperature controlled, I would be nice. Thank you. 737, a WIOD. Use talking entertainment radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 610, WIOD. Okay, 1141, a WIOD. The consensus is in. We just took a scientific poll in the dolphins. Kicked some bloody ass. Yesterday we're 3 and 0. We're going to the Super Bowl. All right. Nice going, Jimmy. Let's go to, and let me ask you something. Why does he call on a regular line? Is that because he doesn't want to play big shot and call us on the, maybe he doesn't know how. Isn't four hours enough? You know, you're wrong. About what? About everything that you just said and the only reason why I'm just so tired. You know, but you know you know, you know how it wears you down. Yeah, your paranoia's wearing you down. Paranoy, yeah. I don't know. I don't know why you do. I don't know why you do. I don't know why you do. I don't know why you do. Wait a minute. If I were paranoid, wouldn't I be terrified that Paxon was going to screw with a show? Well, what would you like me to say? No, but I know I asked you in a way to find where I was. I was one. You were worried about that. I was worried about it when I had people from inside the building. You're having a whispering in my ear that they're going to come to you. And they're going to do this. They're going to do that. That was all part of the same game plan to try to get me to jump ship. Okay. I'm not trying to get you to jump ship. No, no, but wait a minute. But forget about you. Are you led? Let's deal with that. You're led with that. You're led with that. No, but wait a minute. Let's deal with that. Because you said I'm paranoid. Let's deal with that part of it first. Now, you know that that happened. I didn't make that up. That people were giving you misinformation. Yeah. Right. And that I went and I met with them. And after I had the failure of them. And I spoke to Paxton. I haven't been the least bit concerned about it since then. Not once. Not once. Okay. I brought it up initially to you because after the sale, particularly after the sale. But even before then, you had talked to me off the air about Cox and what a bad situation it was. And I thought perhaps. And you know something this stuff about you and I never have in drinks. I don't desire a personal friendship with you. I'm just talking to you. I said for this, actually. Except for this, actually. Right. Whatever. Okay. That guy was dead right. It was sick. I'm Friday. But anyway. That part of it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The fact is that I brought that up simply as a fellow professional. Because I do admire your talent to say, here's an option. Okay. So, I've been talking to you down with talk about a done buck wall or anybody else. I don't think if I have, then I apologize. I bring it up when I hear you complain or when I hear, you don't, it looks like you guys are really, really unhappy. Okay. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You guys? You and Rick and Sudson and, but you and everybody else who's going to stay here and be part of WODF, you leave. And that's great. And I would, I don't want to see anything to stabilize. Okay. You know something I did that Friday because because I knew that you were starting to get and so I said, I think I'll do it a little bit more. Now I realize you're really bucked and you're really not the only thing that, because I knew you were going to do it. You told me you were going to do it. I had no problem with that, but when the guy called and said something about Neil said yesterday that he's basically lazy and not highly motivated for the few bucks that he's making and that's exactly what I had said. And you said, well, you know, lazy is really code for you. I know. And you know what I said? Do you really think that I'm afraid to go to New York or I don't know if I don't know if I'm going to go to New York or I'm afraid to go to New York or I'm afraid to go to New York? Is that why I sat there in the middle of 75,000 people yesterday while they were doing the invocation sitting on my fad as, flaunting it in their face that I'm an atheist. I'm not going to sit there and be made to participate in a religious act. If I'm the only one, you think I'm afraid of it? Of course not. And I said that in the misguided notion that I might be able to stick it to some of your fans and groupies and get them to call in. Obviously, they didn't work. They don't care anymore. They don't also, I don't have any fans. Well, no, you do. You just don't have any that listen to my show, which is something else that, you know, how do you know that? You see, now there is paranoia. When you're on here, we'll go through the video. We did the thing on Thursday. You said we don't have any cross over. I think that's a bunch of bullcrumbs. Well, I personally believe it. Okay. We don't have any cross over. I think we have a little bit. I think Rick and says you and me have three distinct audiences, you know, and that proved it beyond a shadow about that to me on Friday. So like, okay, cool. Wait, wait a minute. Let me ask you this. How about the day several months ago when you did the stick that I was retiring to the dairy farm? I think, I think in that instance, even people that are not fans of your show would be shot by news like that because you're going to be all the people calling the front office that they who were the all the people that were calling me. I get the word of mouth got out channel seven that called that day. I mean, I think word of mouth spread it around and then they're all kinds of people, including your audience. I think they're called that wrong. Well, I think you could be. I think you would be amazed at how much cross over there is, especially between 10 and 6. All right. Well, sorry, Rick. Is he now he's going to be calling? In whatever, in whatever, for whatever reason they had no opinion or didn't care that I was saying what I was saying about your career. And so we gave up on it. So another stupid idea on my part. But to think that I'm trying to destabilize the radio station is just wrong, man. It's just flat out wrong. And that I have some kind of, you know, like Cox is pushing me with an up to, I'll tear your motive to try to get you to quit. Is ridiculous. And I'm sorry to say you're losing your mind. Yeah. Well, at least I'm a step ahead of you. You already lost you. You're a crew. But I just wanted to be, you know, known that I'm not trying to screw with you or screw with anybody over there. And I get always fine. I want to screw with you. Trust me. Okay, fine. Got you all I'm saying. Yeah. What have you got? Did I do that? What do I got my mouth? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I know it. I know it. So what? I know it. All right. So whatever. So yeah. That's the story. And, you know, so I hope you are angry. Here's such a pussy man. This guy comes in here. Two o'clock on Friday with a lolly pop at his mouth like Kojack. And a little less here, man. You and Tally savallus be a perfect match. Just get the hat in the overcoat. It's getting bad. And he comes in here. He says, uh, you're not pissed off. I mean, are you? Yeah. It's right. You're worse than rumour. Well, no, it's just, you're going to be pissed off. I mean, it's just, I'm not seriously talking about paranoid and disingenuous. Who has been? Who has since the day you came on to the afternoon. Who has, like, waved your banner and promoted your show, and every time somebody called and said something about Hank Goldberg, I said, how could you possibly listen to the supper when this guy's on a year? Do you want to take a stick? You have a, you have a, uh, you have a two and a half years. And I mean that, I'm not going to drive well, what credibility would I have if I took that back now. It's a body of no fill. Wasn't really that good. You're great. You were great talent. I did that every day. But the point is, I'm staying. Rick is staying. If Sads is staying and when the, and let me give you another part of why this is coming unraveled, okay? When the program director of this radio station who evidently as best as we can discern is going to continue to be the program director and he did it again yesterday for my spy reports which I've had more than one. When the program director continues coming on the year, selling this story that Phil Henry is such a great talent that Cox enterprises wanted to keep him and retain him because he's such a great talent a one in a lifetime and as if to suggest that somehow the rest of us are chopped liver and yet this meant you thought of what I'm saying here which is he's not going with you to KFI. If he, if he were going with you to KFI, I'm going to be the PD out there. I could say, hey, you know, I can understand that. But since he's going to be here, it seems to me that what he's doing basically is making a rest of us look like a bunch of lemons which I don't think we are. And number two, he just puts himself in an untenable position with us. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, I hear what you're saying and I don't know what he can do with this. I don't know why, you know, if it was the tax and didn't want to deal with the lawsuit, I mean, I've heard all of these things. Yeah. The dolphins didn't want me to stay. I don't know why. I know what I've been told and I know what I hear. The only thing that I can think about, the only thing that seems logical to me is that they feel maybe they made a mistake when they blew me out in Atlanta and that they, that I do come from Los Angeles and it seemed like he will give Phil a shot in LA because that's his hometown and yeah, we like his town. We like, I mean, you know, I sat with Bob Neal and Bob Green after that meeting. And these guys said to me, if you want to know that, and I think I told you this, I said, why, why me? Why not Neal? Why not Rick and Suns? You know, I said, and I particularly mentioned your name as well. Like Howard Beale said, why me? Yeah, and they said, frankly, we don't think Neal would be happy in Los Angeles. Now, that sounds like crap, it sounds like, but I mean, that's what they said. They said, we don't think that he'd want to leave here. And yet they told me that the reason packs and bought this radio station was because of Neal Rogers and the Miami Dolphins. Bob Neal told me that as we cross the street after the same meeting you're talking about. Well, that might have been a bit of information that they left out to, uh, to what, to to spare my feelings of a taxi that said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not going to feather my own nest here. It may sound self agrandizing, but let me ask you something. But you don't want to, no, no, wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you were buying this radio station, just forgetting about everything else, based on the, on the revenue and based on the numbers over the last eight years. Right. Would you buy this radio station without me? Of course not, of course not. Now, you, do you think that at any point anybody in this corporation ever came to me and said, hey, would you be willing to go to KFI? Did you would you ever consider going to LA? Would you consider going to any of our other markets? Nobody has ever discussed that with me? Why was that? Were an option? Why would they do that knowing that it would blow their deal up? You know, I mean, but again, disingenuous. I keep coming back to that word when they tell you that they think I would be on a happy out there. There was never any option. Okay. However, I don't think they'd even present that option to you if it was going to blow the deal up with Jackson. That's my point. Yeah. And so, you know, probably if you were to say they might even imagine. I mean, what were they going to sell? Aaron Summers and Sports Talk? It would be a bad deal. You're right. They wouldn't be able to do it. And the Paxon, particularly with their, you know, their interest in sports, they'd want you and they'd want to dolphin. So, yeah, they, they've got to hold on to you. So why even come to you and say, hey, Neil, would you like to go to LA? Knowing that that would just blow the deal out of the water better keep mom and just sell them what they want. Mom, what they'll see got to do with your. Yeah, which is another reason why you're staying. No, yeah, right. I'm staying here because I want to be close to your mom. Right. To a mother. But, you know, so why bring it up to you? Why mention it to you if you were to suppose you said, yeah, I'd love to go to LA. Well, goodbye, Paxon. Goodbye, radio sale. Yeah. That's the end of the deal. Now, Phil Henry, you know, hey, you know what they told me was, yeah, man, we want you to go to LA or great guy. And I believe that. But let me ask you something that we got nine and a half days left for me, okay? Nine and a half days. Right. Before they too. Well, you got 10. 10, yeah. But why can't we somehow get through the last 10 days? What difference does it make? Like I've said before, we all wish you the best. I hope you, I hope you get syndicated. I hope you do like an 80 share out there. I hope you make millions of dollars. Who wish you nothing but the best. But the fact is you're going out there and we're staying here. Right. And I hope that, uh, Paxon, you know, is a man of his own. Because I've spoken to him a couple of times. He's also gone public in the media, which I don't think you're going to screw it somebody. You're going to go on a record and keep saying over and over, go again, something that you're, you're going to re-nig on. You don't say, but you, you know, you know, you know what you were doing. I'm going to franchise. He has good confidence in me. There's one thing. He doesn't want me to say other than that, um, disguise the limit as whole. You name it. No problem at all. Do you understand? That's what I've been told. Well, you know what? You're, you're not going to like this then because this began. Last, for our last, for a Monday, a week ago, Monday. Today, when you came back from vacation and said that I was out of control, I was doing all of this stuff. No, I didn't say anything that way. I'm in it. I said that I had heard this and I came on with Rick asking a simple question of what's going on. Sit while I was gone. I didn't say you were out of control. I said, I had a phone call the other day from the fat man and he tells me about the various tapes you've been playing in Bappa, and then Rick, uh, whatever he evolved from there, you know, his, uh, has unfolded. Right unfolded. It's on, it's unraveled. Yeah. And, uh, and then the following Monday, I guess, which is after Rich is call, uh, lady calls, the few call are said, well, yeah, I guess, Phil and R. is given up. And I didn't hear you to follow me Monday. Well, that day, that Monday, you came back. Yeah. You talked to Rich. And, uh, the people were expressing to be, well, Phil's giving up and all of this ridiculous stuff. And I didn't hear you saying anything like, well, let me, let me ask Phil first to find out what's going on, you know? Uh, I'm not sure. So, I'll be because I'm at one full, wow. This is incredible. You want to spend three hours. But I haven't been here. I spent three hours ripping you. You spent three hours saying, uh, taking all these calls from people saying, yeah, he's given up. You know, he's nuts and all of this. I didn't hear you contradicting them or anything. You know, because I had no idea what transpired here during the week that I was gone. Well, the point is that this began with you, uh, this, this, this, this, this, this, you know, Phil's giving up or whatever this, this, this, I came on here and I said, Phil, gave up. Phil's giving up. Your callers were saying that and, uh, and you weren't, you know, disagree with them. And I'm going to say it again. I can't agree or disagree when I wasn't here to hear what went on. Well, uh, and then you came on on. You came in and we discussed it or you discussed it in the morning, okay? Right. And we discussed it again on Thursday. And then I came on Monday and I did the Margaret bit and, uh, she predicted that, uh, the, uh, the back stepping would begin. Right. And she, you're exactly and she said that I was here to stab you in the back and I wasn't the friend and the, she said all of this other stuff and you said it through other voices and that was great. And, and just like I'm afraid to go to LA, I'm scared and I'm a coward and I'm just, uh, a, a local talent here. I'm just broke. I don't, I don't believe that, uh, just like the guy who said that, you know, Steve Kane and Neil Rogers, they're just a local talent. So I came in like a point three share a point one share on a 350 watt radio station. And I'm certainly in league with Mr. Ego. There's no question that that's how I envision my 20 years in Miami is like a step below Steve Kane. Well, that's ridiculous and everybody knows it. And, uh, you know, I, I didn't know it, but everybody knows it. I mean, and I just came on doing some stupid stick. And that's all I was to it, man. I, the, the, the, the notion that I want to destabilize the radio station is so dead wrong. I can't begin to describe what we can't. We as of this moment can't we divest ourselves of these notions that anybody else is going anywhere. We're staying here for better or worse. You're going to LA for better, hopefully for better and that's it. Let's find that's okay with me. Is it is that okay? Of course. I mean, I'd be a like a. And I'm not getting any phone calls from Don Buckwell or any of these other people in New New York. I'm not going to get any phone calls from them. I'm not going to go on here to be Howard's gate talk host or whatever kind of fantasy you were telling me to be some fag to do it to live to do Harvey, uh, firesteen on a year, uh, or Harvey Weirman or anybody else. I'm just, I'm going to be here and do my thing. I'll see how it goes. Well, I'm, I'm sorry that that, that, that, that, that, that, somehow you're perceived that way. I don't think that's it though. They're perceived what way. Well, that, that, that, that, that the fact that you're gay mean you're doing, but let me ask you this. Do you think I care what Howard's during things? Of course not, but I thought perhaps I do know that you have an actual reputation in the industry and I think that those, the guys in New York are aware of that. And, uh, and our series about talking to you. They, they have their time table. I don't know what. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, he is. Many of these guys are right. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm Tony, I, I went home just like you said. I went home. I sat by the phone from three o'clock Friday. I didn't really go to the dolphin game. I just, I sat under a heat lamp. I just, I said under this crap. And I sat there the phone never rang. You rang one time with some broad from the Canadian lottery. And Vancouver tried to sell me some goddamn lottery tickets. That was it. That's the only call I had then, then, then, rumor called. And I pretended I wasn't home and that was it. Well, um, I, like I said, I, you know, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I feel sorry for a little bit. Yeah. We have to make a quick touch. Uh-oh. Well, I'll excuse me. Yeah. We don't want to run over. Okay. All right. So, I'll see you to with the lollipop. Good deal. Okay. Fine. of the DIY D. Use Talk at Entertainment Radio, 610-W-I-O-D. So Billy and Bob want to be present. Frankly, we couldn't care last W-I-O-D. My annual 40-later day of use Talk at Entertainment Radio, 610-W-I-O-D.