All right, it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Larry King is with us online three and I think Larry's in Washington right now, Andy. Larry's in Washington. We thought we'd bring Bob in to ask Larry a couple of questions. We were all with interest told about some of the comments made by Mr. King to Don Shulow over the weekend. And of course, Don Shulow retired last week as head coach of the Miami Dolphins Bob Green is in studio with us Larry. Hello, Larry. Hi guys. I understand you're getting ready to go to Los Angeles. Yeah, it's no stop to have to two and a half days of being trapped here. It's all blue skies now. We go about three feet on the ground, which is I think. Guys, it's no absolutely snow in Washington. Yeah, every time I try to do it to the Midwest a lot, every time I try to travel up there, it's like every time New York is shut down, it rest the country gets shut down. Now everything is driving. If anyone's listening in Miami and they're flying to the Northeast. Larry, how are you doing? Yeah, for. Hi, Larry Bob Green. How are you doing today? Fine. I wanted to take over a little segment here. I feel sure if I could. Sure. Because we were and I mentioned this to you when I called you originally. First of all, Henry Barrow sends his regards. Not that I've talked to Henry. I'm Henry. Henry sends his regards. Cheryl sends her regards to you. That's great. Cheryl's the work on there. Yes, she is. My God. She'll be shoot. Get her social security there. I'm not going to tell her that. I'm not going to tell her that. So we frankly, Larry, we're a little bit taking a back. I guess is the best way to put it by comments you made to Coach Schuila on your program. I understand it was Friday evening. I was taking a back one. I had two different friends called me. I think it was one called Thursday night, one called Friday when it was learned that Don was going to retire. And they both said, boy, have you heard your old radio station? I said, no, I worked there 20 years with the only station ever to do the dolphins. They sit there, cream, and the desk is really me or there is a study of school maniacs of colon in and they're the same personal things about them. They're vilifying them and there's a guy in the morning looking at an automobile, they should be out of coaching and he's too old and another guy criticizing the way he looks. So when I heard that, two different people, what I said to Don was, I heard that the station I worked at and you worked at, because Don and I did a show together every day. On WIOD for, it was a wrap in you and he said, I'm just finishing. I'm sorry. Then he said he hadn't listened to talk radio in two years, but that he'd heard about. That's all. So if I'm wrong, tell me where I'm wrong. Well, first of all, we were not personally attacking Coach Schiller. We certainly do a talk show here as you do. We have several. What we did do, and any talk show would do, certainly relative to a story of this kind of local import was invite our listeners to call and voice their opinions. The host had no personal opinions about Coach. Neil Rogers, quite frankly, if you speak to Neil Rogers or Rick and Sides are any of the shows here, had nothing but the most glowing things to say about Coach Schiller in his retirement. Now, while he was a whole whole, Neil Rogers has something glowing to say about someone. Neil was on the day the retirement was announced. I'm talking about the quarter of a time. I'm going to tell you about after the, after the, after the, after the, after the whole city of quarter of him. What about before the, all right, I was there was nothing personal in any negative statement made by Neil Rogers. What kind of criticism was that he had his coaching ability had, had began to slump that the game perhaps was passing in by that it was time to make room for a coach. And as you know, the popularity of Jimmy Johnson here is as well. Well, I, I was, I wrote in my column three is go to Jimmy was kind of coming Coach Miami and Jimmy told me that. Still costume just says hi to isn't it? Yeah, the studio. But just let me say this. Yes. There's a way you can do it and awaken out to it. Now you can encourage colors to vilify. I've been doing this a long time. I understand it. I started. I know that you were with our radio station for a minute years. Yeah. I'm, so I'm out of to talk show. Daisy Pupernick. And I know how you can storm up a crowd. And the people who told me I have faith in. So you're telling me that Neil Rogers praised him. Larry, I would not even bother. I wouldn't even bother you with a phone call where I'm. I'm not talking about after retirement everybody. I'm a family. I can let's blow. I'm talking about before Coach Schuola, a nurse. Your years from college. Personal or insightful. The callers, some of the callers may have been some may. And they were, what did you say to them? We, we got rid of them very quickly to be, to be perfectly honest with you. You know, they, you're inciting calls were off the air right away. They were off the air right away. And I apologize to Mr. Rogers for his fairness. Thank you. And I have to tell you that the two people have told me must have been here. I got to tell you Larry, I, I, I take what I do very serious. Hello Larry, Bob's a little emotional. I'm sorry, I take what I do very seriously. And to have already a station vilified on that. Now hold on, hold on second. Your station. I was on. We're all on the left. Get blood, but glass water is something. How long have you been general man? I've been here since 1992. Okay, I was in Miami two years ago. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life was on WOD. The worst. You see, it's comments like that that I think are very unfair. Do you want an opinion or not? Okay. Do you think Neil Rogers is a good talk show host? I think he's the best in the business. I think he's the worst of ever heard. I think he's the best in the business. Well, listen, you're proud of him. If you're crying because Neil Rogers has been vilified. What, what I need to do here. We're going to have a little Larry. Could I go on Neil and cry with each other? Alright, Larry, could I jump in for a minute? It doesn't. Well, I've got an, of general manager here is crying to Bob. If you can't handle this, I can do this or whatever. I can handle it. I, I, I never heard a worst station. Alright. I think that's patently unfair of you and I would demand an apology for that statement. For having an opinion. For, for saying that this is the worst talk radio you've ever heard. You know the influence that you have over people. If you don't work, I'm ready. I have a heard. I demand an apology for that statement. I will not give it to you. I demand an apology for that statement. I'll ask you again as a gentleman. What do you ask me to apologize for vilifying a radio station? What do you want me to do? I'm not sold to Bob. I think Larry's expressing an opinion on Bob. Shut up, Bill. Shut up and tell your mother. Good general manager, you're telling your host to shut up. Bob, what I'm asking you to do is to... Hey guys, I don't think I, when I was on that station, yeah. You could look up class, and get WD written this. Clutch, your name's just an embarrassing thing. Clutch, your work with. Who did your work with? I work with, um... Uh... Oh, and, oh, and... Oh, he was terrible. Goodbye, Bob. He was absolutely, wait a second. If you, I'm not going to talk. No, but wait a second. What happened? On behalf of the Big Wilson family. Yes. I demand an apology for you. Big Wilson, by the way. And you called him, Carol. All right, so the kettle, kettle, call it a pot black. Okay. You come on, guys. You're going to apologize to the Wilson family. All right, I apologize. Right, now. What if you could build colder? Bill, caller, was probably one of the best I ever heard. The great talent. He did what was the thing to get. He was a terrific, and by the way, he was a very close friend of Neil Rogers. Do you think Neil Rogers is a talent? Either Neil Rogers is the pre-eminent radio talent in America today. Now I don't talk your host that I've ever heard. I demand an apology. No. I demand it. I thought, Bob, we're going to make him go. If we can go back and forth on this spot. Yeah. You don't even know your own state. Hot B-half of the Rogers family apologize. Bob, this, we can go back and forth with this all the time. Oh, what is that? What's that crunchy? I apologize. His mother is listening to me. I apologize to Neil Rogers' wife. What is that crack, suppose? He's got his family. I'm talking about his mother. He has, he has relatives in this house. Oh, I would tell his mother that he raised the son who's a terrible talk show host. You'll be up here, Bob. You can go on with this or you can't. Bob, you can't go on with this. I'm not going to lose my opinion. I can't believe you. Well, I can't. Bob, listen, man. If you want to come on to the crime, he'll be right. He's like crying over here. Get him Neil Rogers. I'm sorry. Bob, sorry, Bob. Hey, Larry. Larry, can I just ask you a question here? Where is, where do you think Coach Shulu is going to be going after this? Do you think he's going to, well, I think he's going to be very, very, very, very, very very. I'll be vice president operations. He's a good one. He's going to be running the team. He's going to run the team from that standpoint. But do you think he might want to entertain any other coaching possibilities? You know, there's a rumor that I bought the world with Ask him. I want to borrow you. Bob, shut up. I don't believe he's the general man. You know what? At this point, neither do I. Yeah, I don't. He can't be general man. Is it? Well, you know, I'll say he's doing it. Are you doing it? Yes, we are on my Cox box. You know, I do. I do charities for Cox every year and I have made appearances for the Cox people all over the country have your ways money i don't of course well that's a shock i all right what i i you know i mean look at what you can't do to be managed here if this is gonna be contentious i don't know i'm not gonna make a contentious by telling you what i feel what hello thank you a lot even hi here some of the very big hockey fan and so is Neil Rogers i i didn't know that Neil was and nor do i know who Neil is okay 1214 at WIOD the weekend magazine has changed new host new segments new stories new times 6 a.m. to 90 a.m. Saturday and Sunday morning who's the host this weekend we don't know the weekend magazine a news talk and entertainment radio 610 WIOD i i didn't know that Neil was nor do i know who Neil is dollars of touch play we're all doing what he said i give you a check $1 a touch play we're all doing what he said i give you a check $1 a touch play we're all doing what he said i give you a check $1 a touch play we're all doing what he said i'll be doing with that okay whatever you say so there's like the 10 greatest minutes in the history of modern radio okay right there fill Henry making a jackass out of Larry King and here feel just having a copy of the facts he got in response to this to show you the brilliant audience we got out there with a great sense of humor to show you the audience that we have to show you the nature of the people in soft-floor here's the facts fill congratulations with a D how many D's in congrats you relations after Larry King episode you must you just barely beat out that sicky station manager for the most disgusting performance on talk radio you must assurely win number one with the groping information for the blind i hate to admit it but that schmuck Larry King made you book look like empty puts heads which evidently you both are please don't show the fact that your station manager i would not wish him to cry again Jesus i can't believe the entire performance surely you must be long overdue for a vacation sincerely trying to forget that's the facts he gets after that if that's one of the i can't i'm speechless i'm driving homeless in that in fact when fill told me he was going to put this call in i flew down to the car i cranked up that radio i headed blasted i was laughing so hard tears rolling down my cheeks and especially when he sucked Larry into that business about me which you knew was coming because like i said he says transparent is a apesa glass i love it and this is the response from the soft flow to audience say don sure they appreciate because he's a football coach or was what else they appreciate we're not really too sure of we have an open line at brower at 52494635241 on a green line in bokeh and pombie to et cetera 1-800-944 what's it all about here's boint and beach hello hey how you doing okay sir that was a really good point you made earlier when you were comparing stay don't show it with chucknell of the steelers i'm from Pittsburgh right i was born with the terrible town one had in season tickets of steelers super goals this man one four kind right and you know we all loved chucknell and appreciated what he did for us in the 70s but how it was in 90s right and uh... it you know how the steeler fans are even if you like the dolphins or if you have everybody knows the steeler fans are some of the best fans in the country and uh... they were called for his rear end just like you said and uh... as far as i'm concerned uh... i love Dan marino i uh... can't stand the dolphins but marino's a class guy yeah i can't believe everybody calls and once his head you know i mean i think you can i can i can i can i can tell you why i'm gone here let me just a reference second can i tell you why in Pittsburgh the football fans are knowledgeable they understand the game they know the ins and they out say they know why teams win and why teams lose they know that coaches can motivate people to do great things or not as the case may be here you have the least knowledgeable sports fans i just football but any sports they don't know sport from their ass so all they know is this man has got these glowing he's one more games in george hallis anybody else he's not out there on the field see so him and geory stevens and all of a dotty they're not out there on the field throwing interceptions fumbling the ball uh... whatever to how they're doing okay making mistakes which you're out through a game you're going to make some sooner or later so they have to look at somebody who's out there making a lot of money and because he doesn't win every game because he doesn't take them to super ball single handedly therefore let's blame it on him because they don't understand the game well you know i i i i i i i i you know you got to look at the top of the organization down right the dealers have a class organization they run their team and a very classy manner they don't have big they've got a bunch of guys that don't make a lot of money but uh... but he will ever can fuse art runny for way in high zenga i i'd never do that but i i wanted to bring up an other point to what i'll rob you you know as far as the dealers beat in the cult this week and i don't really have a problem i think that's gonna happen i think it's gonna be a blowout of y i i i feel that too however i know not to be over confident uh but in the in the in the NFC when i play the NFC you know how the dominance they've had over the aFC teams uh with what the dealers did at green bay on the last game of the season did that kind of solidify your feeling that they can definitely compete with the NFC? oh i don't think there's any question about it i mean it would be a big pen doesn't drop the ball i mean that's the end of the game but don't keep on taking mind a lot of people keep pointing back to the fact that they blew that chance to win the game it wasn't the meaningful game for the dealers now i wreen bay it was life in death i mean they had everything writing on it game for pissberg and met nothing i mean did you see the faces of their players after the game was over there with laughing about it they couldn't believe it but they didn't take they weren't flanned down on the ground you know like this was just horrible they knew that we may get them again right and they will yeah i hope i hope i love the secret we didn't have classic super why love the sea berry swissier get what he's got come into him and that's the get his ass whip by uh... green bay i don't like that match up though i don't like to match up uh... between the dealers and say the cowboys have that happens i that's scared me i mean i'll be quite honest i'll tell you what how about how about if you uh... play the carfenix cardinals will bring them out you know buddy rival bring him back for one more game will suit them up and give that a shot that be great come on you got to beat the best man that's so what's up and i know i can't play the girls team every week i know they can beat the packers the cowboys uh... no problem i hope i hope you're right they will annihilate them trust me take it to the bank great show your money don't mind yeah have a good luck to you okay we have an open line uh... two of monogree lines there in pombie twitch are useless as a frogg's whoders one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred nine four four w i o d but twelve twenty two a w i o d high you're alone is approved right lo prison my covered it's a weekend and hire covered what pardon me movie for homosexual tonight tonight so that you bout gain here in the cupboard where are you Hey, hi, you get my pants. Gay in her. You covered. Question. Can we get some shelf paper in her? You know, like my job's or something? Gay in her. You covered. Can we shut that crap off? This is one red skin who wants them shutters. Yes. Woohoo. We're gonna stop. Woohoo. So anyway, it's the 1225. I was just thinking, you know, I'm looking at the Steve Spurrier thing, which I read you like hours ago about the fact that he's turned down the Tampa Bay bucks. Good move, Stevie. Good move, Yahoo. And he's staying with the Gators. Baby's having a press conference at two. And he says, I'm staying in Gainesville, because that's a little bit too big city for me over there in Tampa Bay. And I'd be staying right here where I belong. With all you Yahoo's and Red Nicks and Gainesville. So there you go. All the Gators fans that were worried they're gonna lose their spurrier. It was kind of a spurious thing and they have no fear because he's still here at Tampa Bay may not be. They may be moving. So anyway, it's 26 past noon at WIOD and just a traumatic week that's going on here. But I think that life is passing a lot of you by. I don't think most of them are kept caught on yet. They don't get it. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, I'm Baneal. Yes, sir. Hey, yeah. At the risk of sounding like a listen to the Aaron Summer Show. I can't believe how this Larry King thinks really snowballing. Oh, yeah. But does he have his Red Wing yet? That's the question. You wouldn't know the Red Wing's from the Black Hawk. I was trying to get a turn to that five, six-seed sports station to get a traffic report. Yeah. That's all they play. They got one of their sports blitzes. A sports blitz. Yeah. Cox has filed another lawsuit to Phil and Henry for doing Larry King and talking down enough. Talk about a foundation. Talking down the dolphin fish. Right. In closing. Yes, sir. I think it's very hard to stay in the game's will. I'm still getting beat bad in the big game. He would've gotten beat every week. All right. Thanks. Have a great day, pal. We have an open line in Bride. I don't think that Steve Spurrier would be very honest with you. It's sophisticated enough to be in a major market like Tampa Clearwater St. Pete. Even though there were a bunch of nose picking Yahoo's over there and load like 75,000 steps beneath us. I just don't think if you've ever heard the man talk, if you've ever heard him try to articulate, he's kind of like a step away from Terry Bowden. I don't want to confuse Terry with Bobby Bowden because Bobby compared to those two guys is like a big city slicker, even though he's kind of a Yahoo also. But Terry Bowden, I mean, seriously, if his finger ain't like embedded in one of his nostrils, then I can't imagine who's is. Here is a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This Dave Russell calling. I'm from Fort Lauderdale. I wanted to say something. Can I ask you a question, Dave? Yes. Why did you feel compelled to give me your name, which we don't usually do not that I really care, but I just thought it curious the way you said that as though was kind of like you were announcing it. You know what I'm saying? It was kind of strange. Well, you can cut it off, then. Well, it's too late to cut it off. I wanted to make a comment though. Yes. About the dolphins and about Dan Moreno. Yeah. You know, the one thing that a guy like Jim Harbor, who? Jim Harbor of the coal. Wait, wait a minute. Tell me that. JIA. JIA. RBAU, GHA, believe? We're saying, how do you pronounce it? Harbor? Harboral. OK. Rhymes with Marlboro. I didn't know Jim is good. I didn't know a good board of game Christian Boyle liked Jim Harboro smoked. Oh, I got him. Well, he is. You know, you got me. He thinks he's a guy. He thinks Jesus and God and Mary and Esther for winning a game. You see that after the game yesterday? That was the first thing he did was thank the Lord and Jesus. Because he was betting on the coal, I guess. Right. I'm not one of the reborns. But I want to thank Jim Harboro. I wanted to say something about the Reno compared to a guy like that. Yeah. The fatal flaw with, with Marino is. Yeah, fatal flaw. Here we go. OK. Proved. We just bear out what I was saying for two and a half hours, right? OK. He can't run. He's right. He's right. Harboro can do the same thing. Yeah. Well, how many games is Jim Harboro won since he's been in the NFL with the bears and with the Coles? How many games does he want? You have any idea? How many records has he broken? I have no idea. But he's been playing. I don't think he had. Well, he's in a playoff because basically his team locked out against the team that decided to play a quarterback who couldn't run, couldn't throw and couldn't breathe. And that was sunny bono in a game with Kansas City. That's the only reason he's in the playoffs is because Marini shot and himer's a shothead. That's why. Do you really believe that? I believe it'd be on a shadow of a doubt, but obviously with your vast knowledge of football, I mean, you probably weren't able to, you know, to perceive that during that game if you watched it over the weekend. There can be little doubt in, of course, the fact that Lynn Elliott missed four field goals that my grandmother could have kicked her three field goals that also like let them into back door. So you can continue to tell me that Jim Harboro, which you don't even know how to pronounce his name, is so superior to Dan Marino, and all I can tell you is that you're a pathetic. We have two open lines and flowers. That Jim Harboro, he's the best. He's, I mean, what Danny Marino, he's a statue and he got bad knees and he, yeah, okay. That's right, just like Mike Gartner, Harry Neil was saying that Mike Gartner, who leads to the Maple Leafs and goals with 19 or 20 right now at the moment who's 35 years old, and whereas braces on both knees is still the fastest skater on the team and one of the fastest and the league. And it just goes to show you when you got a big heart and big balls like Dan Marino and Mike Gartner and some other jogs, you overcome that and you go out there and break all kinds of records in your fantastic and you deserve all the credit all the ejulation and all the money. And Jim Harboro so far other than being like a mediocre quarterback with the bears, which they said, audio is to him because you stick in your choke. And now like when in a few games in Indianapolis, which yes, he did play pretty well, but let's face it a game and a couple of games don't make a career, okay. And this Jack has calls up here from Broward County to give us the song to dance when he couldn't even spell football much less pronounced it. Two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, W-I-O-D. We got one on the green line, 1-800-9-4-4-9-4. And remember what I was saying to that other guy a little while ago about how knowledgeable these fans are down here? They think because they can turn on their free, out there TV and throw back about 20 or 30 beers on Sunday and watch a ball game for free, that makes him an expert. These are people that never even bought a ticket, never even got off their dead ass and got on a bus or got in their car and drove down to a football game and gave their tangible support. But because it's for free, they're an expert. You couldn't lick Dan Marino's ass, but I'll tell you that right now. Dick, here's Miami, hello. How are you doing Neil? What was he? Oh, that's right, I'm missing the young and a horse, yes sir. Yeah, how are you doing? Good. You know, I don't know, if you're, I don't even hear five, 60, but I was hanging at the other day. How do you know that? How do you know, I don't flip over there once in a while just to have a few good less. Well, that's true. That's what I was flipping in the other night and I was here to scan him. Well, rock or the sucker? Rock opened over, yes. Yeah, and he was, he had a bad complexion by the way, that kid's got zits for brains. He's like, I think he's been rubbing his head with the wings. It's rubbing off now. I think he's not like a punk to me. Yes, he's a little punk with a nasty music to have in the background. He works cheap, yeah. Very cheap. Well, he was saying that he holds Jimmy Johnson comes to the dolphin. Yeah. And his first season, he goes on 60. And I'm sure he does because he's a buffalo fan. This little punk they brought in from Buffalo. He's a closet bills fan. So of course he hopes he goes on 16. And I see all this negativity going around about the dolphin. I hope Jimmy Johnson comes in and the first year the dolphins go undefeated when the Super Bowl and never allow one point. They go, they break every record in the history books that'll make everybody forget about Don Shula just to show up point. OK, it's a game. OK, it's a goddamn football game. And people don't realize it. They make it a life. Life goes on, you know, George Hallis was great. But he ain't coaching the bears anymore. And Dave wants that's doing a pretty good job. These people won't have life. Right. They're losers. That's right. That is absolutely right. You'll put your finger on it. You know, and not too tight. But yeah, true. But they got to get into something else. And they got to go with the dolphin suck and the fire should be like, I think like this last redneck that calls me up to him, Harbra. Jim Harbra, he don't even know how to pronounce this kid as a name. He is probably never seen three football games that Jim Harbra plays, which when you've got a dish like I do. He's the every game in the league every weekend. And I got news for a Jim Harbra, hasn't proved nothing to me yet. He's played a few pretty damn good games, other than that that don't make a career. Another thing, Neil. The fans appear, don't know how to appreciate what they have. That's right. When you go to Chicago, when you go to up north, you go to other places. I had a friend on mine's tell me, came down here. You guys don't know what you got out there. You guys have one of the best quarterbacks of all time. And you better go to have many games as you can see. Well, how about like the Panthers play it in San Jose last night. They've had 65 sellouts in a row. They got the second worst team in the league. And they packed that place and they got a beautiful new arena there. And those people are preaching that they would never give up that team in the middle of the year. I love a son and everything's coming together in place. We got the Miami Arena. Everything's getting pretty nice over there. It was kind of bad back then. But it's all coming together. And then how this guy wants to get the Florida Panthers out here. Well, I'm going to go home and cry for a few hours because he's losing some money. And I'm going to go home and get out my big hand key. We got a pretty shiver. We got a pretty shiver. We got a pretty shiver. We don't have real money. He doesn't have the Teflon coating. We don't understand. They don't understand a game. Don't chew a lot. Don't chew a lot. Don't chew a lot. You know, the Super Bowl 22 and 23 years ago. And here they got the best quarterback in the game today. Bar none who goes out there and plays in pain who's frustrated because he's playing with a cast of losers out there. And all they want to do is rip him and ask because he's not winning every game. People don't see what's coming. The fans don't see what's coming. We're going to get Jimmy Josh and we're going to have the hell of a coach. That's right. We're going to have the hell of a quarterback. A little bit later. And you're after your next Emmett Smith will be playing down here in a dolphin. You know, for him, we'll have a run and get him. Believe it or not, you may not believe we're going to have a dinosaur coming here. I hope so. I hope Jimmy sticks it right up that rocky bend. And then there's butt. Let me say one thing. That should have a douche bag. I'm not going to agree with you. Okay, pal. Adios. You're what Larry King just said. He agreed with that. And you know, that was it kills me. If you listen carefully that tape with fuel when a conversation with Larry is Igler, you notice how he comes on air and he's talking about the Vytuoperative calls. The vindictive. Yeah. What is that? In other words, if somebody calls up and says something, you don't like In other words, cut him off. Because they're like, he does because they're not sucking ass. That's why all those people show up on that show because not only does he suck ass, but they screen out the calls and God forbid you. But he call up and say anything even slightly disagreeable argumentative or Costic. They're gone. Adios. Bingo. And that's his idea of a touch. He doesn't know how to do a talk show. He knows how to do an ass kissing fest. That's the only thing he knows, which is why he is where he is today. Which goes to show you that ass kissing, yes, it does. It will get you a long way if you know the right people and kids to write asses. No question about it. He's living proof of that. But we're supposed to sit here and because somebody. In other words, we're just supposed to orchestrate a thing here where everybody agrees with everything that we say. And I'm going to say it again because I've said it for years that most of the colors are like that anyway. I come on here and I unleash some criticism and very valid at that. And almost everybody who calls here like after the Schula announcement came down in Friday morning, 99% of the people agree with me. Phil comes on. He does that make believe thing about how Schula's being picked upon. He's a legend. And all of a sudden, everybody that's calling him basically a say agreeing with him. Because people are generally ass-licters. Well, I got news for you. This may be the worst goddamn talk show in America. But I'd rather tell it like it is. I'd rather have even a little tiny pair of balls than be just another ass-licter because there were dime a dozen there everywhere. They're sheep. They haven't got an original thought in there. But. 1237 at WOD. People in South Florida were pushing new buttons this week. The ones controlling their heaters. The other nature caused it. The weather channel predicted it. And you got the news on the big chill. From news, talking in her team at radio. 610 WOD. Okay, it's 1240 at WOD. The people at AFC village plumbing in town seem to have a lot of extra facts paper to send us a bunch of crap. Larry King is about. Hey, holy old blow it out your ass. So can't quit wasting all the people people are starving. This guy's wasting facts paper. That's over at the AFC village plumbing. So anyway, I have a letter here. This letter is the greatest letter I have ever received. March 1st will be 20 years. I've been in Miami. He's not a letter. It's a facts of a letter. And I'm serious about this. I'm not being sarcastic for once in my life. The greatest letter I've ever gotten in all the years that I've been on here in this town. It's a copy of a letter that a man named Paul. I won't use his whole name on here because why do that. But he sent this letter to the station manager of Channel 4. Or no, Channel 6. That's your storm center. His stereo station. Channel 6 NBC. And he said a copy to a the Harolda Sun Sentinel for Lauderdale Police Department. How about that? And you'll understand why when I read it. The letters addressed to Ms. Deborah Kalura, a news director of WTVJ Channel 6. Dear Ms. Kalura, I've been a resident of South Florida for the past two and a half years. Since I've moved here, I've relied on your station for my local news both now and when you were located on Channel 4. While I've been bothered by some decisions made in stories broadcast, Ryan Norcross's Aaron hysteria comes to mind, I've stuck with your station. I'm writing to inform you that I can no longer tolerate your newscast. Your handling of Don Schulos' retirement and the potential hiring of Jimmy Johnson is the straw that broke the camel's back. Saturday night, January 6, the Fort Lauderdale Police Officer was killed in line of duty. Is there a more tragic event than can affect the community? However, while you mentioned this at the top of the news, your lead story was a report on the possibility that Jimmy Johnson may become the coach of the Miami Dolphins. This was news, the potential for Jimmy Johnson coaching the Finns has been known for weeks if not months. Sports are a great way for the community to come together and I attend numerous events each year, but they are just games, underlined, just games. Where are your priorities he asks? A police officer is murdered protecting us and that plays second fiddle to the theoretical hiring of a football coach. You and the rest of the broadcast team at NBC, 6 should be ashamed of yourselves. I've watched my last newscast from WTVJTV says Paul in Margate. Oh, alright Paul! This letter should be framed, it should be put up on walls on bus stops on subways in cities that haven't been invented yet. At a boy Paul, there's a guy that actually has priorities to get their understandings. There are more important things, but of course you have to understand when Jimmy's a Greta was over there, crying in his beer, having an nervous breakdown, snapping his old suspenders because his buddy, the shulamise, through his gone and it's the saddest day he can remember in the history of his goddamn life. This is the mentality in this town, baby. And that's why we're just spitting our wheels, that's why there's no leadership. The people I would say 90% and I'm being generous of the people in the media in this town, print and electronic are the most bush-legged bunch of putwackers I have ever encountered in my life. Perocule, little, tiny people. And just glancing, I always glanced at the columns in the sun-central to see just how perocule they're going to be. And air's ray wretched, true to form, just like I predicted, right in another column this morning. About the his kids and his wife, the kind of stuff he would read in a newspaper in Geneva, New York. In Albion, Michigan, that's the level of the journalism and I use that word very loosely that we have in his town. It reminds me of a guy that we used to have an intern or somebody like that who worked over next door for while a channel 7. And I'll never forget that kid coming in and tell me what an honor it was to work with Mark Ludner and what a great journalist he is. If anybody in this audience can tell me anything of significance, anything memorable that Mark Ludner has ever said in the years that he's been polluting the video waves of this town, I would love to hear what it is. Can you tell me anything? Can you give me a clue on what it is that makes him a great journalist? Probably the same thing that makes Dave very one. I'm sorry. Here's a lady mobile and west palm, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I finally got through to you and I think I might be the only woman that exists in west palm each that meets your criteria. Do you want to go and under a hundred? I'm sorry. You're the only woman under a hundred and probably to listen to this station. Well, thank God. I'm under 25 actually. Great. And a big hockey fan, originally from New York. I came down here with my family about 10 years ago. Yeah. And I have a heartbeat and I love hockey. I know a lot about hockey too. Great. And the thing is too, if I hear one thing more thing about Don Shula or JJ, I'm going to scream. Right. It's disgusting. I can't take it anymore. It's a coach. And granted, the guy's a don Shula, you know, you're winning this coach all the time. You know, when he's done his job, he's going through all different football systems in the years. He's been a coach. But you know, it was his time to go. And that's it. It's not the first time it's happened. It's not the last time it's happened. Well, Don, don't tell me that your life is going to go on now. I think it is. Oh, my God. You know, I actually got a few hours sleep tonight at half a day. It happened too. You know, you're not. You ungrateful thing you. But the thing that bothers me too is that, you know, it's like, you know, everybody's talking about how bad the fans are down here are and they are. And the thing that bothers me is, like, don't people realize that they have, like, one of the better or, you know, better hockey teams down here playing this career. Most of these people wouldn't know a hockey puck if you jam one of these guys for okay. In fact, most of these people already got something they're nostril and oh, got room for a hockey puck. Do you want to say it? You know, and I, they've got a finger or powder or both in their nostrils. They don't have room for no hockey puck. And the thing is, I drive down there from up here, you know, to go to games. And, you know, I used to live in Miami. I moved up here, but, you know, I mean, I still drive down there for games, you know, at least five times a year, you know, when I can make it. And, you know, I love it. And the thing is, you know, the thing is they start leaving at the beginning of the third period. Yeah. I don't understand that. Yeah, about a third of them come in in the middle of the first period or some of some of them are still coming in in the first five minutes of the second period. And then when it's about 10 minutes to go on the third, then they're out to door because they got to get home, get, get their head on the pillow by 10. God forbid on a weeknight, they should get home P on 10 15. Yeah, I mean, you know, seeing it's the only thing that benefits for me is if I got panter packs, see, to see, leave down the lower ball. I can move down there and watch the last five minutes. Yeah. Well, I enjoy because it makes it really easy to get out of there, get to Valet. You get your card, and so traffic is upright out your home in half an hour. Yeah. Well, I mean, do you think the thing that they want to be sweet looking on the road though? They came back last night. They'll be all right. Yeah. Everybody goes through their ups and downs. And, you know, nobody in their right mind thought they were going to sustain that all season low. Exactly. We had our little lull now and run away back. And you got to coach that, you know, even though he stresses defense, he stresses offense. Yeah. You know, it's interesting. It's interesting you say this because on in sports illustrated national magazines, hockey night in Canada, National shows, Doug McClain is the big story in sports of the year. Okay, because he's come from out of nowhere. Yeah. He's coaching the Eastern All Stars because he had the Panthers in first place on December, whatever the day was. 27 and this man deserves more credit. And yet nobody talks about him. All we hear about is poor Duns, Shula and his Jimmy signed up yet. And what about that redneck Steve Spirier? That's all they know here, man. You talk about one dimensional on one track minds. It's pathetic. And the thing is, you know, I remember when he, you know, when he got the certain number of wins to get the, to get the nod for the, all sort of coach job. And the thing is, you know, I'm reading all the papers. And I mean, this is an expansion team that, you know, you know, everybody's trying to trading on this, which I guess they should give some, no, credit to with the thing with, you know, housing them with them, might leaving and everything. But it's like, you know, I just feel like a little note that he got in the end. Yeah, right. Here's something, I'm supposed to be Mr. Negative and get, I'm trying to build up something we got great going on in town. And at the same time, these people in the media, they're the ones who are negative because when we ever do have something good going on, they don't know from it. And he's coaching all stars, you know, and these are, and these are guys. And how many times did we win games by the way, in the first part of the season in the headline in the sunset, and it was, it wasn't pretty, but we'll take the points. You know, some are cast a costume thing, like because we didn't play a perfect game. It wasn't really also good and they weren't bearers. And let me tell you something, some of the great, you know, I'm, I'm, forget, you know, cred to get you and wind rushing all them. They're all great gold scores. I mean, some of the great gold scores that you supply, you know, we're down in theory and got scores in the flood. And it's from from from from the blue. Like, 40, how the dirtiest that ever put on a, a jock star. Well, listen, sweetheart, have a great life and hang in there because it ain't going to get no better. See, okay, take good care of yourself because we can't afford to lose you. Oh, no, not this again. He's going to start with this again. We don't know about it. We don't know what it is. We don't want those. There's a full ball of street and I just can't get it in town. Oh. Oh. We've got a street. This is in the snow down. We're up to golf. This is one of the games I'm about. Yeah. Yeah. All the pretty girls going shoot out the lights. The place will feel I can go to Saturday nights. Hard in the best, breaking full of your eyes. The place will feel I can go to Saturday nights. Four fingers, taking a kiss. The girl that has made a good ever want this. Bring it down. Make some noise. Right here, standing like. There's four of us. It comes from the shoot out the lights. The place will feel I can go to Saturday nights. On the best, breaking full of your eyes. Where's the fear I can be? It's Saturday night. From coast to coast. This is most on a hockey night in Canada. The CBC. Standby. The lightning and the connox are next. Good evening. Hi. Here's some of the very big hockey fan. And so is Neil Rogers. I didn't know that Neil was. And now do I know who Neil is? 250, it's W-I-O-D. 1250, it's W-I-D. Let's do it. Let's do it. We're going to wrap it up. We have two open lines in Broward and one on the green line in Palm Beach. And don't forget. Even though it's tied up right now. That purple line. The good news is this is a great day. January 9. Mark it down in your calendar 96. Thanks to our friends at Mobile 1. We now have the ability for you to call in. You can call in toll free just on the same number, pound I-O-D. We pay the freight and the works. We thank Mobile 1. And we love them and that's it. So thank God for that. Two bad we don't have about ten of those lines. Like getting rid of those stupid green lines. Which is the biggest waste of time. Of course that would piss off the passion. But the two bads, we'd heart go. Grab your honeybeer and squeeze it. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hi, don't. Okay. I haven't heard anybody on status yet. on an FM radio station, I won't say the name yet. Not while 100. Oh my god, you already heard it. We heard yesterday some funny baloney about Dan Moreno. What the hell's all that about? I don't know, what do they say? All the only thing that they've said the other day, the first original day which was obviously yesterday, that he had some kind of statement to make that he wasn't gonna go on any kind of with Tony Cigrado and all those, he was kind of an ounce at first on Y100. Oh, you're right. So anything? Anytime between 6 am and 10 am, he's gonna say something. Oh, so in other words, you really believe that. In other words, this is a con job. They try to convince everybody, stay tuned to Y100 now because we don't have any money to buy the listeners anymore like we used to. So David Ross is gonna con you and to believe in. Just stay tuned here and Dan Moreno is gonna make a big announcement on Y100 because you know, it's all the 12 year old kids come to the dolphin games. No, man, I'm not. And buy the tickets. I definitely listen to WIOV, I'm not saying that, I'm just saying. But that's the idea though, that's what they're trying to a force on the public. Right. Trying to force the fraud on the public, which thank God is something we would never do especially Phil. So you haven't heard anything though, or your station or nothing. I'm trying to tell you there ain't nothing. Huh. Trust me or not. Uh, trust you. Okay. Have a great life. We have an open line today. I'm sure that when Dan Moreno has an announcement to make, he wouldn't do it like a major media. He'd go on Y100 to make his announcement, which what announcement is that gonna be? I mean, he's got what it was here to say, Dan. Seven million eight enough, is that what you're gonna say? I love you, Dan, but enough is enough already. You got more money than God. Cut the crap. Just sign the deal and the two of us gonna be here, it's gonna be great. No more Gary Stevens, no more this bull crap. No more having to come from behind 30 points because Tom Aloe Bidatti's out there. Looking confused and running his college and high school defense. Let's get with it, Danny Boy, get with the program. Open line and bro are at 524WIOD. We got one on the green line, 1-800W, just sure can't wait to hear all those great to spy reports from our friend up there. It proves what I've said, man. It's just if we could sell it by the pound, we'd be rich. Here's Boca on a purple line, hello. Painial. Yes, sir. Great show today. That 10 minute conversation with you. But this is the worst talk show in America. It was the best 10 minutes of my life. Right. About my right men, let me go. Uh-huh. I hate to categorize, but there's two types of people in your audience. And one is those of us that have a clue and those that don't have even the head of one. In the fact that you were working out with Jim Harboro. Yes. That I forgot the print with my name. This is Josh Moe. The great. Boca. He should have said that this is high-mish men-ric calling from Margay. But the paper still gave you that letter. Yep. Clueless. Congratulations with a D. Yeah. Congratulations. It's a typical people that don't have a clue. It's a typical moron. It probably came from somebody over a 2 a.m. Maybe Hank's boyfriend wrote it. I'm glad I was on the phone on hold for a while because I had to recuperate from that conversation with Phil Henry. And that comment that Brian Cox made about him doing a voice with Larry King. That was great. Yeah. Brilliant. But anyway, the first part. Great first vacation is Brian. You're right on top of things sweetheart. He picks up so well. Yeah. All right. And the I just wanted to let you know. Hank got there's somebody out there that appreciated inside those of us on the inside here. That woman that calls from West Palm. Yeah. I want to marry her. Okay. We'll get her number for you. Bye. See you, pal. Open line on a purple line, pound IOD. Yeah. This town is one thing when they got something good. When they got something that's real stale like the Brainstan, then they want to embrace it forever until it just rots in their hands. Stale. Moldy. Oldy and moldy. Kind of like Rick Shaw. And he like vanished into the night time or got only somewhere in Waxy where we would that capa is okay. Nothing personal. It's business. Do you know what I'm saying? Boy, boy, it's just I mean anybody that aspires to do the same thing forever. I got news for if I had the cash. If I, and that's it. I mean the guy's financially independent. So what's everybody all upset about? I've never been able to understand the guy's like Dick Clark and Ed McMann and all these other fossils that have got more millions than we could ever dream of seeing in a lifetime. We had to keep going and they just get greedy or greedy and every time you turn around they're they are pitching some other crap. Every time you're far, there's Dick Clark and Ed McMann hand in hand at the door trying to sell you some magazine or some stupid content, whatever it is. It just never stops. How much is enough? And as I started to say before, I was so rudely interrupted and I demanded a apology from myself. As I was starting to say, if I had the box that I could be tire and live, not like like a millionaire which I'll never be, but just comfortably for the rest of my putrid years, I'd be gone now. I wouldn't come back after the one o'clock news. I'd say thanks for the memories have a great life. That's it. That's all. So what's all a guy named Crian Party about Tony Segredo and Jimmy Siffles and all you Criban Jim's a man which, without you crying about, we should have this man's problems. The Hummer. The Humm job? Is that a radio in your pocket or are you just glad to see me? WIOD, my enemy for the latter days. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Bill and Paula together again. Good afternoon at one o'clock. This is Jennifer Lim. Newest pole-cat entertainment radio. Oh, oh. WIOD. President Clinton's lawyer says he'll appeal ruling that gives a sexual harassment suit to go ahead a federal appeals court for all that a sitting president is not immune. So anyway, Jennifer, it's our apologies mine in particular because everybody is apologizing these days for a screwing up the first 40 seconds of your newscast because they had a little technical problem and a phone line that wouldn't go out in a pot that was opening the other room and you had to take a fan. And your tent to go take a P. Do accept our apology. You don't have to apologize. But we did anyway. But I love you anyway. And we love you and there's only one thing to say. It won't come any better than ankle-birth. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour. Woo, I'm not just falling, it's tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much. They might be a sh** on you, but the f**k. Words of love, they toss and the microphone are dump-button. Just can't seem to be left alone. And all of this is because they like saying. So much f**k. Look at the f**k on you, mother f**k. Okay, we have a bullet and we'll get back to that. We might even start it back at the beginning. But we just have a little scoop here. The announcement to Dan Marino is going to make on Y100. Has to do with the Dan Marino foundation. Like I said, the guy's done a lot of good charitable things in his town and he's a good guy and he never stole a freight train and it has nothing to do with him signing or not signing or staying or leaving or who's going to be the coach or any other stuff. How do you like that? Okay, so those of you who are getting sucked into the list of the Dan Marino on Y100 every morning, what he says something, it's what it is. Ooh, I'm not just falling, it's tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much f**k. They might f**k. I'm not a f**k. Words of love, they toss in the microphone, the dump button just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying. So much f**k. They can't f**k. I'm not a f**k. Oh, but they play football badly. So long. How did the Patriots kick the air? So much f**k. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as theirs. They're tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh, man. Loot. Abnoxious, foul and disgraceful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. One way to WOD, don't forget the Saturday noon to two. Rick and Spod and Phil Hangry and yours truly will be at the boarders' books, music, and cafe store in Aventura, noon to two this Saturday the 13th. Come on by, pick up your best of CDs, cassettes and t-shirts. We got about 21,500 to go to make 150 grand. We got 23 days to do it. Twenty whatever it is, 22 days. Let's do it. Come on by on least lots of cash. We have two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, WOD. We got two on the green lines. Again, which like I said, we ought to convert those over to make them pound diod lines. So they'll get used to a lot. Now that we can do Bellsoth mobility and sell it or AT&T, whatever it is, and all the other stuff. I'm wasting them on the passion bitch and I was underlings in the Palm Beach County who don't use them at all. Unless of course we're giving something away. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Neil, get after me. When is Saturday, Samigo? Well, you kind of stole my thunder. I was listening to Hank yesterday and I've been over at Hank. Yeah. In a case of radio dyslexia. And the Hummer? Yeah. See, I used to think when they said the hammer, I thought it had something to do with like, you know, like a real hammer that you like pound nails with. Oh yeah. What do you do with pork? Oh. Yeah. Interesting. But they're the kind of hammer you pound pork with, I guess. Do you say so? But he had mentioned the same thing that the announcement on WAP 100 by Marino is going to be about his little foundation there. Yeah. But they're building it up like it's going to be something else because they're trying to suck a lot of naive people and they're a lot of naive pride rules in listening. Think they're going to hear something about football. Yeah. Well, you know, give to people something to do. There you go. Good point. That little diddy you just played. Come out of the break. The title. What do you call it? Falmouth Dolphin. Okay. That's how you made the other night. I stayed awake for a while over an hour just singing that song over. All right. I couldn't get it out of my head, man. Great. So it's all your fault. Okay. In closing. Yes. Beyond. We have an open line on the purple line which like I said is open up to a lot of new avenues now and we pay for it, which is exactly what you want on our cell phones. Pound IOD where they got Bell Soth. They got AT&T wireless. Well, he got something that you don't even know what it is because it's the boss's phone. Just pick it up and pound IOD and here we are. Just wait and on you. Open line in Broward 524, one on a green line, 1 800 as we try desperately to keep it up for another 41 minutes or 50 whatever it is. By the way, speaking of the guiding light. Just when we get to these climactic parts of our soaps, which we're hanging on to desperately, they got a guy that's filling in for Mary in the maniac, the acycopath. The role of Vush Mendric today will be played by. And again, I don't even look like the other one at all and he's wearing the ZERO outfit and all of us on and how by the way did he get that ZERO outfit like in five minutes? Where do you go to get a ZERO outfit on New Year's Eve like it about two minutes? So you can go over there in the Kidnapped Lucy. That's something we shouldn't be thinking that deep because after all, once you start thinking details, the soaps don't make any sense anymore. Here's a tamarack. Hello. Good afternoon sir. Yes sir. Did you catch on the front page about the Supreme Court decisions that just came down? Yes. You're coming to follow the censorship as well as the word police, right? The word police and the fact that now you cannot get a job if you smoke, right? Which is I mean, it started with drug testing. It's called fascism sir. I've told you this for how many years for like 20 of the last 20 years? It's a fascism. It's a fascism. It started with Yom McCarthy. In fact, it started with the Harry Truman and the national security like we're looking over your shoulder, the big brother movement and then it moved out of Yom McCarthy. Now here we are with Reagan and we've transcended to this, the Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich and Bob Doran and all the Nazis out there. That's what we got. It's an big election here and I voted for Clinton. I'll vote for him again. I think other than Ruth Bader Ginsburg, I couldn't read anything in the paper as to what the vote was. You figure it's Scalia. It's Thomas. It's a red quest. Yeah, all red quest. Oh my God. They're going to vote Clinton out of office over Y water and we're going to get another. No they aren't. Bob Dole couldn't win a fixed. He couldn't win election for dog catcher. Okay, trust me when I tell you, Bob Dole is a born loser. I hope you're right. No, I must take about that. I'm clutching my passport here over the latest thing because next it's going to be people who are overweight cause. Right. Watch rubble to your health insurance. Well, the body fat. We can go on and on with it. Docs radkins is working on that one. And genetic testing. Yeah. One last thing, did you catch the end of the game with the cult with Harbour and they got on the hospital? Harbour. They asked him, I don't remember how they worried it, but as far as how the game went, but his answer was, I'd like to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Yes, I already mentioned that. He mentioned that. Board again, phonetic. But does that mean Jesus Christ didn't have, I guess, a bed on the Kansas. He better than you better on the cults. Evidently. Have a good day. And see you. By the way, speaking of pronouncing things correctly, Denise Potfane, who could be one of the simplest people I've ever met in my life. I haven't met him, but ever seen. I got to have a met him. Last night during the Panthers San Jose game, he's talking about somebody from Worcester, Worcester Matt, and he's serious. Worcester rhymes with Worcester. And then to make it even better, my good friend Jeff Rimmer calls, Oath Dallin, Dallin. Ever see a hockey player named Darlin? That's like a football player named Lynn. Oh, sorry. One 14 at WOD because Lynn Swan gets pissed off when you say that. The real cost would sell you to phone service, isn't the phone. It's the monthly airtime. A lot of people out there are getting sucked into believing this deal. When you sign up for a year or two, they give you a phone and all you pay is a penny for it. Wrong. The real deal is that you pay for it over and over again with those gigantic monthly bills. Switch over to mobile one cellular and that work can start saving up to 40% each and every month. There's a plan starting at just 1995 a month, including free airtime. You get a free motor roll of page you're throwing in there as well. And your calls will average only 30 cents a minute. While 1-800 phone M1 right now and mobile one will go over your cellular phone. Bill and tell you how much you'd save every month and could start saving like right away. And if they can't save you money, you'll still get that free pageer. Mobile one makes it easy to switch with over the phone approval immediate activation. So what are you waiting for? Don't forget those free phones that other companies alleged that they're giving you for free. Aren't free after all. You're paying through the nose to those each and every month like crazy. So save up to 40% on your cellular service by calling Florida's new smart choice. Mobile one. 1-800 phone M1. That's 1-800 phone M1 mobile one the real deal free pageer requires activation. So night on Decco Drive you've read all the gossip. I love you. You mean the entire plan. Now it's the stars. Darenza let loose. How's that for a sound bite? Decco Drive goes one on one with Julia Roberts. So best is to loan. Richard Gear. Bruce Willis and Tom Hanks. I try to sleep with her every night. We feel you hear the rest on Decco Drive with Kelly Mitchell and Jessica Huguerway. Take a ride. Tonight is 7. Only on 7. We may try to rob you blind. How many people do you scam away? When they put you at risk. Wom't take you to the truck was in such bad shape. The wheel actually come off. When they waste your tax dollars, inside addition is there to set the record straight. We pushed harder, dug deeper to keep you safe. We're getting to the truth. Insightedition investigations. The guts to get the story. Inside edition. Tonight at 730 on WSVN7. More reasons for it was to the morning show. Besides that firearms and call return time, it was rather planned. And at 1896 version. What is that noise? I kind of get a little drippin' off. Oh here try this. Now it's got wings. Anchandle is snug. The record is 6 to 10 am on use. Talkin' entertainment radio. 6 to 10 WIOD. The mentioning the name Neil Rogers all out down here. The last I heard him do baseball was years ago. And he did pretty good baseball. But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him. But all my brand new shoes and a shirt out the door. He got sold to him. I convert a ball of roofed in the middle of the poor in rain. Till the next year of the freeway. And hot coffee pulled on me. And yeah I got a feeling to get. And I re-rendered the guy who wrote a leaf. Then I was walking into a mess. And I was watching his attitude. He looked too fond of me. And when they cleaned out my armist. And suddenly, this was a lie. Oh, what? Well, we're talking about important stuff to me. And that's more important than you guys write at the moment. Anyway, it's 117 at WIOD. What do we write at the moment? We have two open lines in probably 5 to 4 9 4 6 3. Don't make the audience feel unloved and unimportant. They're your bread and butter. Right. 5 2 4 9 4 6 3. Look at a big smile on Sharon's post. And she's there telling Nick, guess what? Amy remembered Matt Rafter. She shot him and the adiati and Matt flew the coupe. And she's got a big smile on her post. And he's going to get out. And no more the workman and the rub off and did he catch anything because if he did, she's out. All right. Enough already with that stuff. And by the way, wouldn't go to shave that schmutz off your post. He said the her. OK, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This Larry King released think that he was talking about green. Yes. I'll dumb. Can he be? Well, there you go. That's the obvious point. 10. He's going to Lydia. I mean, you carried on a conversation for chemists with a friend. Hi, this Larry King. Yep. So it's mine, Boggling. Isn't it? Yeah, just think first of all, when you hear the voice, I hate to say this. But I mean, that's not one of the great over the phone. When Bob does the bobgreed, I mean, when Phil does the bobgreed on the phone, it's really great. But like in the studio like that, called on the mic, it is like he's a little bit lacking in something like credibility. And to think that he would believe that this is like a real guy. And then the guy starts breaking down into tears and to buy into this, to buy into this. Yeah. He's got to be. He's got my field. I have a question. Yeah. How long do you think Jimmy Johnson will tolerate high pingo? Meaning what? Well, if you think of this not, let me tell you this. If Jimmy does his job, high pingo won't even look at him cross eye. Okay. All accounts. Okay. Look at a lot of you as much as I dislike Wayne in a lot of areas. He leaves his coaches alone. He leaves the front office people alone. He hires people. He hopes to do a good job. And he puts him in there and do it a r else. That's it. Well, maybe that's saving great. Right. I think like I said before, it's ready made for Jimmy. He's got exactly the deal. Shula's like out. He's got a title. And that's all. He's out of his way. And they paved the road for Jimmy like the old Hershey Highway come on in. Do your thing. And we're waiting for the announcement. Okay. Have a good day. And back to you. I don't think that there's any big surprise. Any big suspense. I mean, it'll be a relief to know exactly when it happens and they do make it official. But I don't think barring some kind of, I mean, you know, Wayne's got the big bucks. Oh, sorry. Wayne used to have the big bucks before we start losing all his money on our Panthers. And before we started to cry in like God, they're malice and wonderland. But he does. He's got the big bucks there. And he, you know, he's a business guy. Like I said, it's business. It's not personal. Good line in days. 751 WIOD. That's what guys like Larry King can understand. That's what fat Hank can understand because he's another tossless liquor. Okay. There's a difference between business and personal. And if I have an opinion, if I'm one of those people who was a season ticket order for years, I wonder how much fat Hank had to pay to go into the game. So probably God has passed there or whatever and goes in there for free. If he was going to the game, don't see him at any Panther games by the way, which I'm sure he could go through for free. But I was subsidizing that business over there for four or five years and will continue to do so again as soon as they named Jimmy. They had coach. I'll put my cash down on my deposits and fat riches still holding those nice pair of 50 yard line season tickets. Thank you. So I think I do have a right to say something. I have a right to have an opinion whether Hank likes it or Larry likes it or the brain stemlight or anybody else likes it. But this has become a country as well. Thanks in large part the people like Larry King where we just have professional tossless likers out there. And I had news for you. It's bad for your health Larry. Do you know what I'm talking about? A lot of stuff going around these days sweetheart. One 21 at WIOD, you know since 1982 the folks at A at Landikos Mortgage have been in business helping folks just like you get the money they need is what they've been helping them do. You might think that if you have credit to income problems, you won't be able to get the financing you're looking for. Well here's the good news. Here's the surprise at A at Landikos Mortgage. That's not true. A at Landikos Mortgage can help you get the cash you need for home improvements for purchases. Whatever you got to have the money for, even if you've got credit problems income problems, they can help you. Call 1-800-28131-644 and find out how you can get a first or second mortgage at the lowest rates going out there. A at Landikos they're getting at the lowest rates because they check every day with 50 lenders to find you the best deal waiting for you out there. And there's no application fee there. So what you got to lose? Call 1-800-28131-644. Don't be held back by what you think our problems A at Landikos Mortgage will try and find you a way to get the money that you need. 1-800-28131-644-A at Landikos Mortgage, a licensed mortgage brokerage business. Call them today. One more time for the West Coast. It's toll-free 1-800-28131-644. Use talking entertainment radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 6-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-E. 3-10-W-I-O-D. 3-10-W-U. 1-25. 2-15. 3-10-W-D. 5-10-W-D. 7-10-W-D. 1-15. Open line in the Rower 2 of them at 5. Sorry that was the other one. What? Love it first fight was the George Hamilton. So what is this? Once bitten. I think So in other words you try to say that all of his movies bite is that what you try to say in your own Holy Owing. No, no me two open lines. It's Broward 5249463 524 Wiod is we continue with our relentless assault upon bull crap. That's what this show is really all about It's a relentless never-ending assault on crap And that's not easy. Let me tell you. Here's Miami sure is hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir Good afternoon. I'm a first-time caller great. You managed to get through. Uh-huh. Enjoy your program Well, thank you. We'll be a very happy new year. Even though this is the worst the radio is talk show in America But hey, listen, every dog finds it's a lot. It's entertaining. Uh-huh. I'm born here in Miami and Pity on me. I evolved through this No major sports to four major teams and I think that the fans here really don't appreciate what they have. No, they sure don't and They so first of all, let me just let let's you know again I hate to say this because it sounds very negative to everybody happens to be true when you analyze the population here And you take the 50 or 60% of the people over the age of a hundred who are mostly dead Most of those people. I mean we have a few live wires out there But most of them are not going to participate or support anything that has to do with living and breathing stuff like sports So you know you count them out Then we have certain other ethnic types who live in this community who have things that they're interested in But other things that could never interest them like most of the Julios for example I never gonna come to hockey games no matter how much I talk to them even though they're all listening right now There are some but not nearly as many as there should be and it go in so it goes Well, it's true. I think that the most of our black population as much as they'd like to go see the heat and maybe see some other games Most of them because we have such a large lower-income black population in South Florida can't afford to go Well, you know if you're a true fan you support your team regardless of what they're doing Yeah, I mean that's the definition of a fan. Yes comes from fanatic But anyway, I really enjoy your program and and there are more important things that are going on really than Come on I think you're out of step now I think you own a apology to the coach. Yeah, right well, you know what you can't knock him for What he has a compliment in the past in the past like a very long time ago. Yeah, and Like like Moses used to be a pretty good guy, too, but I think he's the days are well Keep him in the new testament. Okay, okay Very king when he was here. I had personal contact with this guy and Moses in the new testament he is okay he is a drunk Moses He's a wine bottle, too. Yeah, how many pass over said or is it'll do it to the best of us? And goal work. Yeah, a real hippopotamus. Okay, have a great day We have two open lines in date 751 Wiod we have one in Broward 5249463 524Wiod not too many of the women. I'm still waiting it we've been on for three and a half hours here today And I'm waiting for that one defining moment that one really perspicacious color Who's gonna explain to me and lay it right out there in black and white that we can all read that we can all hear that we can all relate to We can all understand and simple English or whatever language you want to speak What is the story here that there is somebody in our midst who is beyond criticism Whether it's like light criticism or whether it is vindictive and ugly was what difference does it make And did I mention at the beginning? I think I did but I'll say it again This whole business that's going on now is part of a desperate a Desperate game plan being hatched up by certain people down at the other end of the dial which I don't want to mention WQAM Because they really believe that they're gonna get to dolphin broadcast after our contract runs out. What is it next year? Why is it that nobody seems to know? I think we have one year left And that'll be it regardless. I mean that'll be it. I don't think there's any chance Wiod do and see you know something life will go on And we probably won't lose any money on it And so the Brian Cox business who just happens to be on QAM and do a show with Hank every Thursday and make sure to tell everybody He hates Wiod and Phil Henry and suck my duck and all this other stuff and then of course We get the thing with the some O-Shop or Volkator down here. I can't imagine how fatty might be maybe it's the hummer Calling up Larry in the start and all this crap up knowing of course full well That Larry has a tremendous grudge with me and with his radio station and a lot of the people who are still interested Remember all of his shenanigans so that the first question out of his push on Friday for the coach is not how do you feel? Not what he got to do with the rest of your life not what led you to this decision But about that the station I used to work for down there with those vicious attacks So you see if you turn everybody in the organization against us then the games will like waft their way over to I pray that they do get it I hope they put the games on and let Rocky bend over do it with you know Joe Rose with the a little dog That would be really great That would be almost as embarrassing as they got with the Chris Moore and then Elaine guy doing a hockey game They dumped down it's down in there and meantime It doesn't look like they got any chance and nothing is really changing and he's rambling on rambling on rambling on even Bob Ferrington with rambling Willie never rambled so much around a racetrack Is this guy's rambling on and you haven't got any idea what's going on? What a really professional job of boochering up the greatest sport on the history of mankind. How do you like that? Butchering it up not just a poor job, but a butcher job So I say more power to it you'd put the dolphins on there baby and you know something you'll still have ones in twos all the rest of the week Like you always have had and you always will Except for those hours when you have fractions They got a lard-ass limbo on there. They got a man. It's a monster in a goddamn radio political industry Okay, a monster a giant a multi-millionaire in in some a fat Nazi set of a bitch They got him on here. He does like two shares and that's the big number except one once in a while a hammer looks out and gets a few a wide Diaries in there gets a two or three They got no number. They got nothing to say got no story none Even with the marlins they have the lowest numbers at night during the summer with the marlins out of any team It's got major league baseball anywhere in America on that station So they think that by sticking the dolphin games on a weekend that's gonna be the stroke that's gonna bring them right up to the top well guess what? Yes suck Here's four-laterdale in the purple line. Hello Yeah, sir. How you doing sir? University of Rochester graduate. All right Yeah, Nick I was memory. Yes, sir garbage plate baby Very good. We're doing you over two garbage plates right now and then we'll go to Don and Bob's and then we'll go to Abbots for some frozen custard I've got it right. All right. That's right. All we got in Rochester is lilacs food and snow Hey, they all bad you got it and we at least we got a symphony orchestra anyway Yeah, they are so these been school music though right and we got the the amirks We got a hockey team anyhow and the red wings a bush league baseball team you got it for the oil Silver stadium right Neil close friend of Mary and your hair cutter right He comes to my house great lady. I need her this week, but I mean too. I'm dying over here I'm gonna low on money though. You're why? Running low on money. Yeah. Yeah. Well tell her to give us for you for nothing and a haircut too Hey Neil listen, I know problem with Larry King. Yes, this guy just sits there and he professionally Kisses at all the time all the people it's a joke. I mean it's a joke watching his show I mean it's a joke. How'd you like to get paid for kiss and ass isn't that incredible? How'd you like to become a multi millionaire through kissing everybody's ass no matter how obnoxious and detestable they may be? You know what the beautiful thing is? I mean it's just it's living proof to anyone in this any Central American make money no matter what kiss your ass kiss your weight of the top that's it exactly right you got a Neil Okay pal and back to you all right there's a guy from Rochester that's a place Right With that fake laugh Larry who the hell are you kidding? Okay. Just listen to that Over and over and over again just for the rest of you Oh my god is that tell you everything you need to know See there are everybody is like infallible everybody's got the Teflon shield around them So you have to make nice you have to just kiss up to everybody whether it's Yasser, Error fart or Jerry fall well or no matter who it is Louis Ferrican just kissy kissy kissy kissy kissy and God forbid you should ask him a tough question Because then you're a bad guy and they won't come on your show anymore and you can't play mutual ask kiss anymore Everybody in the industry that's got a brain nose that this man is nothing but a professional TL Okay, and if you don't know what that means it stands for Tauhous liquor Tashi liquor baby. Okay So don't give me a song to dance about this is the worst show in America if I were sitting here every day Tell you what a great guy Larry King is and who his guest is tonight he would come on here at say man Neil Rogers is the best He's the best I'm the best in a viewer, but he's the best on the phones He's the best talk show which he used to say some years ago before I started telling you what an asshole he is Oh now the bad guy Where's the credibility Larry? Where is it? What 34 at WI would de Jim carries looking pretty good there and how long goes that movie about half an hour ago? If you're driving right now, be on your guard when you stop at the next gas station The folks at low jack the stolen vehicle recovery system verify the accuracy of this report Recently a man drove in for self service and is 95 Nissan Altima He pumped his gas while a car thief was waiting in a shadow is watching his airvymov kind of like Mary and without the bad disguise What he went to the pay window he carelessly left his keys in the ignition It took just those few seconds for the thief to hop into car lock the doors and drive away The owner was shocked, but the good thing was he had a low jack stuck in that Nissan and suddenly things looked brighter We called the police they activated his low jack and bingo They got the Altima back pronto while I was still in one piece with no damage at all while it was worth getting back So take the lead against auto theft with a protection and peace of mind that you get from low jack and right now our friends at low jack If you were free full featured car alarm when you buy the low jack retrieves system get low jack's total protection through your new car dealer When you buy any kind of a new car just say hey stick a low jack in there Put it through the financing as part of the payment and you'll barely even know your paying for it But boy you'll know you got that peace of mind of protection or if you're driving a piece right now That you want to low jack in just call this toll free number and they'll take care of it for you 1-800-53-low jack 1-800-535-65-22 Some people call him JJ defo causing the jimer most people would like to call him coach Hey, my home is JJ watches underway. I'm a home of the dolphins news talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D only 15 us This It What it You're like that I had it down low, get in the rain All it needs is a strong gun in place How did it get? Who is like that? Who is like that? Rust looks like a cute simple wax How about it? And you act there We be out of trouble This is like that Yeah, and now it's time for the end of the song Like is it as it's going on too long We can skin grab the victims Is like that Who? I look at him with his pimple head I'm from the boat All right, said bread Who is like that? Who is like that? Who is like that? Who is like that? 140 WOD This is another one of the great accomplishments of Larry King And forced to go over that little midget with the big ears on America Almost single handedly And of course forget about responsibility Forget about the fact that man was talking cocka on ear They had their heads up each other's ass And of course maybe they would re-figure some of the money would rub off And maybe it did Isn't that sad? Just roll up your sleeves and do do do There was more do do And you could check your stick at With Ross P. Row So you know there's the power in the hands of a ass-looking man That's where it is We have two open lines in dates 7519463 751 What's it all about? Here's Bokeh, hello Hey I've been a whole for a while I couldn't hold it anymore man Okay, but Larry Excuse me, not for Larry Little pressure out Yeah You know, actually First thing I want to say was Before they cut to the news conference But Shula last week Yeah You're bread the booger No, I didn't I was in the house watching So I didn't know it's a leader till after You're asking They told like, no it Yeah, I noticed that They were doing that afterward when Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo What's her name? Bo Jangels and Manwich They were like trying to pretend that the booger wasn't even here They just wouldn't dignify him with a response Just before they cut to the conference Like just a minute before it Bread the booger is as can manage If he was going to still be Shula's pull boy That was beautiful I don't know what the answer is Yeah And how about them? They were throwing rats on the ice last night Did you see on the game? I didn't see that Yeah, I didn't see that I didn't see that Yeah, I didn't see that A couple fans said to the pan to score it They're rat on the ice All right, I didn't that must have been like late in the game Yeah, it was I still haven't on tape I got to rewind it Check it out Was there to one of the lake goals? I love it I thought he was getting pretty good I think the character still scares the hell out of me And Sfaila is still the worst of the fence when we got Yeah, they're pretty thick and bad Oh man, and this character I don't know who he's sleeping with But boy, oh boy, they're always talking about how great he is And how much we missed him and how we as great a worst They have him back I see him coughing that thing up in his own end Given that puck away more than anybody's since Joe Sirrilla But he just scares the hell out of me Once a great while, I'll play a good game But then about five bad ones So, one thing I picked to see who from the pan There's a B on the team We should already know that I don't think so I don't think we know the west guys But I don't think we know the east team guys yet Yeah, I'll tell you one thing The geys are better beyond here I'll tell you that first period last night he was unbelievable Yeah, they look pretty good last night They're calm back around Can't wait for him right Right So, yeah, these people, he lose a couple of people Well, what's going on here? What's wrong? Are we going to win every day? Yeah, right Can't do that But yeah, Larry King I mean, he says he doesn't know you on some of those cars Right What a decorap I think he just said what it is and that's why he says I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers Right, I was only on his show with him I don't know what about four or five times What I was working at KAT and he had me as a guest I didn't show on this station But he doesn't know who I am Yeah, he thinks by doing that that it's going to sound like Somehow making him bigger and me smaller And guess what? I'm not going to get any smaller But I'm as big as I'm ever going to get unfortunate I'm at first and he's pretty small Yeah, um, it's a hunchback Do you have it to the lyrious car when he was like You know, I've been I've been I knew somebody would nail me on that And of course, so we got a lot of people with slippery fingers in this joint I have been looking for that thing and looking for it And it's around here somewhere unless somebody is taking a home and sleeping With it, I'll find it Get out through a class that's okay So one of the best Yeah, all right Have a great life We have two open lines at date county for some reason here We don't have no holios calling in here Because they wouldn't know Larry King from King Julius At 7519-463-751 WI-D2 Anybody else who speaks English in date? I don't think so Let's go to a West Palm Beach, hello I knew I'm a student in West Palm Are you the only what? Person's what? You're the one Like the Vogue said, you're the one I want to tell you the other I keep the radio on my bedroom all the time And I woke up the other night and the sex bitch was on Talking about her, uh, how her battery died in her pocket rockets I can't believe it Boy, talk about a short circuit Can I have a shame with your question? What might that be sir? Nobody rips you better Nobody rips you better With the famous Annemoria, what's your name? Yep Okay, I'm working on it All right, have a great life You too Okay, you too He said you too, see they always do that And if there's any group that I cannot stand is those Irish pipe twisters By the time I get through the next couple of minutes She is going to have to pick every scab off that Futureed, pus-filled body of hers I know nobody rips you better So I'm going crazy on this, yes, because this has got to stop You make me sick, Pat, you bitch God, how is it possible to be so stupid, Pat? Nobody rips you, I love so good of you You idiot, you asshole, you Baby is the best Well, sing this, you fat slob I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his ass Okay, and I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt That he's going to be singing a different tune I get through with him But we have a longer cord than his piece of cramp look at this Look how short this damn thing is We've got 100 assholes running around this building They can find another one besides him, although he may not be that big Don't get it out of there, go pull a cord somewhere Go do something Pull what in your case a good question, okay? God Nobody rips you, dude Don't start looking once again as always to blame fatl, kneel Whatever you're upset about, you're disgusting nauseating old slums Old crabby old bitches Nealy, if you don't repink, you're going to split hell about it Are you a bit of white open, you know what, you're a scull Without a malach, you stupid old bitch There we go, now we're cooking What did I just get through talking about? It was old bags We don't watch you, lady, okay? Go get some knitting out, go find some crossword puzzles Go get some... Give me 15 bucks, I'll put in a word for you with the Lord 146, W.Y.D, some things are good to be true That's why when you see or hear about a great deal You can get... Okay, let's start all over again Who writes this stuff for these long sentences that go on for 55 paragraphs? Let me say it again, the facts start with dry concepts and forget about whoever wrote this stuff because it was probably some like Jeff Ly, that's what it is First dry concepts, guarantees your price in writing before they even lift a finger before they touch anything including your carpets Compare that to the old scammer charging 595 per room and then hitting it without a charges after the work's already begun You know that scam, you know what kind of a deal that is Then there's the actual cleaning process Dry concepts is the best here too because they keep up to date on the latest technology and they're certified to work on every kind of carpets that's ever been invented including area rugs or reenials They use only certified technicians who really know their stuff and then dry concepts leave you with the cleaner carpet that attracts less sore and residue in stays cleaner longer Drys and just wanted to hours and spells a lot of new fresh because they put a disinfectant on while they're doing a job and sucking out that deep down hidden dirt So not be fooled by the imitators out there Don't be fooled by the Shiesters and Con or just call the people a bit around doing it right for years and years including in my house every year Dry concepts and date call 93036 93036 and Browdits 581 4739 581 4739 and a West Palm 9304735 9304739 The one the only the miracle workers at dry concepts Use talk at entertainment radio 610 WIOD I'd a slayer king and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers Videos he had to have the mind presents Pinocchio getting a vasectomy Thank you You're welcome 149 at WIOD We have an open line of date 751 Who's that in the bat line? Could be somebody pretty interesting Who is that son of a bitch? Makes my freaking kiss kiss twist The Thomas Jack asked with a show you know Where are king balls? Yes Till had him by the crowns A gullible pile of big balled bones You can stick his ass in a pile of snow because Where are king balls? Everybody's playing king balls Don't be so stupid All right What do you say? Don't step on it now It's 150 WIOD Next to be calling in Get another spy report from his fat friend down here Down the dial a little ways Tell him all he's really ripping you It's bad it's vicious So what if it is? You're a public figure man You're making millions of dollars off a bunch of suckers out there That's it Enjoy your money and stop being so stupid And thin skin Okay Larry Stop being so thin skin Larry Ziggler Seriously if you ever wondered about that And where is Steve Ziggler? Bentley, the sand vacation Oh One of our engineers who's been here before this building was Heave, I mean he's been here before the invented radio before Markone was born Steve Ziggler And this guy's like Larry Ziggler Stop and think about that for a second I'm wondering if there's something here's a lady Mobile in Kendall hello Hello Yes, ma'am Hi, I'm wonderful how are you? Okay That's the important thing Yeah, I heard a lot about these Don't show all these other never see the football in my life I don't have time for that Well good for you You actually have a life good for you sweetheart I'm happy we got one person in this town It's got a life and don't need done sugar to make it Yeah, but you know I just feel just like any any Perfecting any places People start on the position Don't want to move even they was all the season of the tight And they want to power money in the sex That's what they're looking for Money power and sex sounds good to me They don't want to be They don't want to go and they become a free people Competing a free whatever But you're probably secret so too bad Right, I don't know what you're saying, but it sounds really good to me And you know as I was before I was getting live on the land I'm so sorry for my life was a lander because I can pick up There are a lot of capacious Capricious Capacious yeah He plays with Jim Harble So I can sue them but if you're public secret you had really fun That's right You know if you're not right you better get out I mean it's one thing when it's malicious and nasty and personal But if it's a business and not personal it's a different story And if you can't draw the line between business and personal you got a problem As I said before with Coach Shula with me it's business. Personal with Larry King it's both Right and I was like both Like that now the night he's everybody will have for the money like a medical reform Right That's right We are very hard That's right And nobody cares about that all I care about is the BS Yeah if you perform we pay the ticket to see you if you don't perform come down with a with a greased That's a memory Right, that's right Anyway, so I just But you said I have no idea what you said but it was the best you summed it up brilliantly Have a great life