Talk in Entertainment Radio, 610 WI-OZ Miami Fort Lauderdio. Talk in Entertainment Radio, 610 WI-OZ, a passive company presents video Roger Show to talk in the world called 751 WI-OZ and 524 WI-OZ and Broward outside day and Broward called 1-800-944 WI-OZ, AT&T Wireless and Vell South Open Authority College can use Pound I-OZ. Now, the Neo Roger Show on Talk in Entertainment Radio, 610 WI-OZ. Now, the Neo Roger Show on Talk in Entertainment Radio, 610 WI-OZ, a passive company show. Check that. People that watching women are staring on their greenery then do you know what I'm not sharing? Some say he's brainless. Now, much from talking, not much to look at, but I ain't looking this male's just a little too much. To that bottle, little too close. His nose is just a little too long, but while they're grown in, I will be known as all in, his got a really big crowds of trials. Always. The girls' greenery, they let it house. His got a really big crowds of trials. His got a really big crowds of trials. His got a really big crowds of trials. His got a really big crowds of trials. His got a really big crowds of trials. His got a really big crowds of trials. He's got a really big crowds of trials. His got a really big crowds of trials. Oh, you got to tell your boy the really their coming down and us like crazy. Like you wouldn't believe that's why all the good stuff is coming back now. 10 o' 2 o' at WIVD, happy Wednesday, 2 o' ya. Here we are for a, we're turning in the corner two more trips, two more trips, 2 more trips down a highway from Hellman and that's it. And this morning especially and maybe it's going to be this way tomorrow in Friday, extraordinarily out of the ordinary, unknowing trip like through Hell and Dave county. County and that's great because this is a screw it that's it two more and more all done with that crap and we move into police, new surroundings and then then things are going to really change okay these next three days to be honest with it just a more full crap is what it is. So anyway uh that I don't want to start with Ron and Ron because hey they're going to have a number the likes of which you haven't seen they're going to have the biggest morning numbers on this station since before Micronary was an infant before he was an embryo but how come it is that everybody who interviews Drew Rosenhaus has to kiss his ass. Can you answer me that question here is I mean even sports illustrated with their usual man via panby pro approach to life even they agree that here's one of the most objectionable people on the face of the earth he kind of represents everything anxious about the university of Miami about its football program about its whole attitude toward life he represents everything that's obnoxious about the greed you name it whatever it is and everybody who gets him on the air just kisses his ass and just to love like all over his recto man this guy must be sore both cheeks so maybe you can explain that to me what that's all about the good news though like I told you no contest man a landslide 60 to 40 Alex Penelas God what I tell you what did I tell you as the Miami-Herald and and Mickey Eris and both take it up their collective rectum today oh brothers that a beautiful thing so I hate those of you who you know wanted to vote Republican that's the way cause this is the ironic part of the whole deal and I really don't care I just mentioned this in passing because the coast to show you how funny people are Republicans are you know the Republican was our deal and even though it's a non you know supposedly it's a non-partisan deal or deal is to be public and former Democrat turn Republican and yet he gets the overwhelming majority of the black vote who never vote Republican on the other side the overwhelming majority of the Cuban vote goes to Patello's who's a Democrat and of course Cubans virtually none of them ever vote Democratic maybe 10 of them you know so it goes to show you the thank God in this town we don't vote ethnic feelings and sentiments but who cares cause it came out right it came out as a beautiful thing and then while I read I hesitate to bring it up again today but I realized that I must be in a very tiny minority and I'm real happy about that I'm happy not to go along with the crowd one more time on this Roberto Alamar thing because guess what most people don't even know what they're talking about most people are full of it including Gordon Eads in the Sun Sentinel who writes one of the most ignorant columns this morning I've ever had the privilege of seeing in my life great expectations it's a shame oh my god and how you know I mean baseball's got enough problems like I said yesterday most of you don't care about it anyway but there's a vacuum of integrity both in stadium clubhouses and offer and office intersank thems and bapa ba and no real commissioner and players against dumpires and I'm fighting with owners and in the midst of all this mud wrestling we're supposed to care who wins the world series well guess what Gordon the people are watching do care they do care that may come as a great shock to you but they care what a concept the people are watching like those of us who watch some of the stuff yesterday and by the way wasn't fascinating to watch the Orioles beat the snout out of Cleveland 10 to 4 I loved it I absolutely loved it and I loved the line in Gordon Eads column where he says after the game in which Alamar was given a standing ovation by a hometown crowd that apparently checked its sense of shame at the turnstiles how do you like that the crowd all of these people were wrong they checked their sense of shame at the turnstiles and like I've said before I said yesterday I'll say it again today after talking with a couple of people really follow baseball the last several years including it's got to be at least seven or eight because that's when day-pollons book came out on pires have gotten under this power trip man and they're taunting players and they're baiting them in their they're daring them to come out and get into a big concert times like that and whatever it was that he said is whatever it was is what got Alamar come like a madman rushing out of that dugout and start the whole argument all over again which precipitated the spitting incident and there you go not that it makes it right but there's more than just one side and all this and any of the and the other comments that were taken out of context to be quite honest with you I think that Alamar may have a good point here when anybody is under that much personal stress and dearest as her speck has been with the one dead kid and the other one at sick with the same disease it's very possible it's affecting his state of mind and affecting his performance and maybe he should take a leave absence maybe he doesn't belong there but all know right off the bat everybody you know the predictable American public baby rushed to judgment don't confuse us with the fact he spent the guys face therefore how to hells he belong in there right so nobody can kick the empire out nobody can take action against the empire he can do whatever to hell he wants it basically they've taken control even though the pitch was a foot outside and even though he called him a little bleep sucker whatever it was and precipitated the thing anyway nobody cares about that here's for a lot of the online hello in the al happy Wednesday back to you couple of good things though we got pop in a park opening up yes we have the panthers starting to play yeah but I was going to get to that that sports channel business is looking pretty marginal and we have Alex Palisquening yes oh I'm losing my trying to thought let's see what else we have going on yeah yeah exactly that's what I lost it lost it I will look for it if I find it I'll speak to later well see if Mickey Eris and finds it before you do thank you okay pal let's hope not okay we have an open line on a purple line pound I would be we have two in date we got two in brown we got a million like always that I don't care today yesterday I was distraught man I was so I've been out of shape and legitimately I mean usually it's stick you know but last that I was really pissed off the first official packs in day in this audience is playing there a heightened secret scene like you wouldn't believe it was just you know something who cares because I know that when I sit here and I say crap that nobody else is going to say and when I yeah it's it's just phenomenal to me that there are so many ask kisses in this world if there's one thing you don't want to be is an ask kisser is a matter of fact here's a there's a lesson for a vertebrae alarmar junior I'd rather be a sucker having experience than a ask kisser how do you like that there's nothing to me worse than a weasely spinalist ask kisser somebody would know backbone here's a mobile at deraille hello Neil yes sir listen I have to disagree with you on with Roberto Almard yeah just because one does not justify the other spending is really one of the lowest forms of of of ill mannerism in of sporting I guess just to have some of these things really an insult as far as a no matter what so in other words if somebody calls you a little sucker that's not an insult and he didn't precipitate it yeah of course for one but too long for make a right I didn't say it was right but I'm saying that if somebody somebody else into creating the incident and then tries to make a martyr out of himself I'm not buying it they were both wrong yeah it's just it's I mean spending is just really crossing the line when it when it comes out to it I mean Roberto all of my should have had enough intelligence maybe let me ask you something you think Roberto Almard's a hothead I you know I think the majority of these sports people have big heads to begin with I'm not talking about your opinion about generalizing does Roberto Almard have a reputation like Albert Bell or Gary Sheffield or Barry Bonds does he have that I mean do you even follow baseball not not whatever but I do you don't even follow baseball I don't know anything about Roberto Almard Sandy Almard or Sandy Amorosa any of these people but that's off the focus even though even if I don't it's not off the focus it's not off the focus it's like if somebody who's got a reputation who's a future hollow fan player who's got a reputation as a level headed reasonable person is go to and baited into doing something that grotesque there must have been pretty ample reason for it I don't know it's just it's not I mean there could be ample reason for somebody going out and and killing somebody else it's just so in other words now getting in somebody's faces a step away from killing somebody is that it's not no no of course not but I mean if the Empire would have struck him over to maybe taking a it's one of the but it's all intercourse it's all verbal intercourse yeah yeah you know that's about a line I didn't know they had an intercourse well who know maybe that was the problem maybe it wasn't maybe it wasn't too good one more thing the other I heard something in the right and right show this morning but way I seem to like the format I thought it would not like run around yeah yeah we want everybody out there to love all of us and if they can't love all of us at least most of us and it's not most of us at least me right at least you listen one more thing I just talk about the evolution thing I caught the tail end of it I'm not sure if you have any knowledge of what has it what has happened yeah I think I think I run and run we're saying that most of the audience were in the end of the halls is what they said yeah I think that was it have a great day pal okay okay if they said if you want to monkey around with the little sucker you better watch yourself and that what he said so anyway getting back to drew Rosenhaus now let's not even waste our time with him he's just a piece of crap and how's Brian blades doing by the way that just he's got this he must have the pictures on everybody drew Rosenhaus because even a default and of course we know that default would never kiss any uh... rectum first not but for the last time he had him on there oh man licky licky licky licky that this guy must have had a towel down after that interview and again the same on this morning oh that's why we respect you so much about but but it's that of course that we know that the error grant making up for 386 thousand years nearly enough and all these other guys are making this much and the fans over there on the west coast are like oh and five and going to be all in six and all in fourteen oh and sixteen and the who cares about that but just a pony up the money and if you want to see the game it's it's a joke he him and he's one of the worst symptoms of the illness in greed and professional sports which we are expected a subsidized and pay for and yet nobody cares and then everybody keeps bringing up the thing like about time crews now he's getting a thirty million for a movie you know something the cost of going to a movie no matter how much he's getting the cost of going to movie is still five or six bucks and it has been for years so it doesn't it you're not being gouged for however much he's making even though it's way out of proportion for his value and all of the other bull crap course he knows where all the chicks are time crews right probably at the sperm bank oh sorry Tom sorry Tom here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello good morning Neil when is the us a big home listen out of desperation this morning I happen to be listening to the worst team yeah and uh... guard desperate well and by the way more good news it's official because it's in the newspaper that angel old brine are going to TV and ran off and Carter are gone all thank god that's a beautiful thing i'm a little star watching a few marlin games next season there you go well anyway i hear of you know a frustrated talk show host they can't stop calling shows various this morning calling uh... joros with a vitriolic attack just just attack in the crap out of joros the man just can't be a lawyer who you know to me do you know i'm talking about norm can't normen leot can't yet the man called joros on here desperate for radio time yeah that he calls up in a tax joros trying to get what do you take your rose for oh because joros said that there was some guys that show up shut up late to practice fifteen years ago when he was playing and norm called up and said i want you to i demand that you to the names of these people don't just make a general you know generalization he was doing like the attorney thing but it was unbelievable and joros just blew him off and call him an idiot yeah so i just want to let you know what your turn he's up to well at least your roses talking to my guest nobody also for the rest of uh... that's that's a starting arm and great news about it and great we don't talk to him or anybody else that he supposedly hired if you if you if you if you if you had any idea which i will be able to tell you probably next week if you had any idea of the shenanigans at qa m that have been going on the last few months and are still going on now you wouldn't you wouldn't even believe it your head would spin around like linda blerie couldn't even begin to imagine well if they're going there uh... you're asking me you know but he knows if they're going there because they're will you listen to me nobody knows if they're going there because nobody's returning any phone calls people are being promised all kinds of jobs and then when they try to find out what when do i start and all the they're even being they're even promising people specific amounts of money they're making deals with people and then uh... they don't return a call so nobody has got any idea what's gone or including that puttsbury jackson they keep feeding him and misinformation and they keep turning out to be a jackass which we already knew it's unbelievable it's typical bush league softwater by radio and business ever rate they pal okay tell me all my said hi and get off the urn go do it don't go to his job open line in date seven five one we got one in broadard five two four nine four six three five two four w i o d yeah let's not uh... let's not look at both sides of the story in at Roberto alamar thing the crowd will protect its sense of shame at the turn styles garden that's right they have no shame they're just shameless fans will do anything for a win and support their orials all the way to hell and back okay that's what that's all about whatever you say man because we know the umpires can do it wrong and umpires do net they never bait the players never precipitate any kind of a thing right course ten fifteen at w i o d yo sixteen w i o d oh the hell a year oh the hell a year oh the hell a year and what happened we don't know something fishy smells but he won't tell so well as Brian what did you do Brian what did you do same snats along he was standing on his folks long and he was Brian brecdom Brian Brian it's hot to one understand it was an accident with two shots flying I don't know why your age and crew claims the cops report so true I want to know some more so tell me what's the score Brian what did you do do all right i can watch us maybe you're lying what did you do Brian what did you do yes now he's gone and from this moment where're you sleeping Brian and you He said, hey, we don't have time for this crap. He's got to play football, man. He's got a run fast and jump high and see it'll get the stop beat out of him and I sure like that. Anyway, do want to straighten the record out. Yesterday, remember when they are friends, our good close personal friends, the packs and people came in here and brought me lunch and Rana Fink Wolf and the Pete Bulger and Jim Bocaque, who's like buddy buds right handed left hand man. And after they left, I said, you know, that Jim Bocaque isn't that family like in a furniture business? That's bad cock furniture, which is a big job. I guess I had my cocks mixed up, but that was like, well, you know, between cocks broadcasting and all the other stuff. So I guess I had him confused. So I apologize profusely because boy, they still love us so far. It's just amazing. You have no idea. You couldn't even imagine. Here's the Miami Beach. You remind me you're somewhere like that. Hello, yes sir. I have some shocking things to tell you. Shocking, huh? Did they really were watching the sports rap, whatever you call sports crap, yeah? With Manditch and what to say? Yeah. What's his push? He wrote some sort of egg, my wife came in the room and guess what she said. Oh, that guy is cute. Rose and House was on. Yes, what you just said? Yes. What is this? That is cute. Oh, God. Can you believe that? Well, maybe her eyesight's failing. Well, boy. I was gonna say maybe she's got bad taste, but yeah, you know, what can I tell you? A couple of other things. I was listening to the noise-peeketing class station. I'm a shane of the innacub. Some of the crap has been said on that. Meal, talking about racism. Yeah. Talking about election without issues, in only eight to eight is just down the race. Right. You both were here because it's cute, but if again, I will keep you believe that. It doesn't matter what he believes that. Right. All that said. That's right. All the Cubans voted for Penelas. All the blacks voted for Retail and never the twain shummi. They don't care Democrat, Republican, communist, fascista. They don't care manners. The Cuban, that's my guy. There's the black guy. It's my guy. That's it. Look at him. Hi, Alia. They have the guy who was, uh, uh, what's his face? Royal Martinez. Yeah. He's trying to get a lot. He never stole a fainter. Never stole a freight train. So they would love him and they want him been there for life and they don't give a crap. And if it turns out that he's really Puerto Rican, he's out. A couple of other things. This morning. Let's start a rumor that Royal Martinez is Puerto Rican. How do you like that, huh? Oh, by the way. They might switch their votes or their blades in a hurry speaking of Brian. Sometimes I call you the other day and call you that Alex Alex, uh, the guy in it. Alex Penelis Bennett. So the guy who please baseball in the Seattle, Alice Rodriguez. Alice Rodriguez. I didn't know his name was Alice. Alice. No, why don't they want right about him? He wanted, uh, he wanted batting championship. And he American League. He's great. Me or like, Alice, right? Tell, I mean, yeah. He is not Puerto Rican. He's Cuban. Alex Rodriguez? Yes. Is Cuban and they still don't write anything about him here? Correct. I'm going to tell you something. I really mean this because I, you know, with a satellite, I see a lot of their games. And I watched him play a lot. This, this kid is phenomenal. He's unbelievable. This should be the biggest story in the history of sports in his town. And what are they writing about the same old crap? Same old crap. Even dolphins cut keep buyers like that. Surprise. We know Jimmy blow his ass out of there. Oh, it's awesome. Bob Goss is said last night. This kid can be or is the best thing that ever happened. I'm going to tell you if he stays healthy. How old is he 21 now? I think. Something like 20 or 21. He's does healthy. He's already a shoe in for the Hall of Fame. How do you like that? I guarantee it. Now, you can bet your life on it. Listen to the genius of the WQAM this morning. Yes. Uh, uh, uh, Steve Goldewish, whatever you call him. Yeah. He said, well, you know, with a dish, you shouldn't go buy a dish because you cannot even get support channels on some of the dishes. And I said, wait a minute. On the big dish, you can get it. And in the little dish, that has been taking care of. It has. Well, the working on it, but there's a possible thing you can get it. Yeah. But you can get it. If you're looking long enough, I'm not so sure. I have a little area on this sports channel, man, they're starting to get me real nervous. But me or even on the little dish, you can get it. Not yet. That sounds like communism with me. Yeah. It's on the big dish right now. But I mean, uh, it would have to be there. But I, if it's, uh, it's, and I got continental cable. It is not on my cable, which today is the, uh, second, it's the third or second of October, whatever it is. It's three days before the opening panter game. And it's not on the small dish yet, which it's three days before the opening of telecast. And I'm beginning to wonder if anybody's got the damn thing. Other than on the big dish. That I'm telling you, this big one's a, it's better than a little one. Yeah, that's what you think. Oh, well. That's not what I say. Well, I don't think. Well, and Ray Shepherd is out one to three weeks with a separated shoulder there, whatever it is. We're pretty pissed off about that. And how come they kept that news so quiet until I had to hear about it on newscast? How come nobody told me that? Oh, you know, well, how come somebody who's supposed to be give me all this good hockey information is so busy. How can a China can drive me nuts and try to make me fight as battles form? How come he didn't tell me that a separated shoulder had been separated from a separate shoulder. So, Ray Shepherd out one to three weeks. All listen to this yesterday the, the asked the program director. Yeah. He denied yesterday afternoon the rush was going to, I am Z. Well, that's because they got it for another week or something like that. I don't know. But come on, he was an innocent today's hero. But you know, the, what was in the hero? That they made it official and they were, and they had one line about you and they said you were the king of, the fuck show and they can only. It's in the hero. Do we have a hero? Because there's no papers near any more in part. Let's go see if we can scrounge what I'll give you a poor that journey. Whatever you call it. It's in the, the death section. The hero, by the way, should have a death section today and out of getting whipped in the election last night. And I'd love the Alex Pelle's right out of the box said, hey, one of my big priorities is going to be to make sure to defeat this arena thing. Oh, by the way. Nice going, Alex. All right. Any old told George, not to go, Cagar. Boy, why you're on the air, please. He's smoking one right now. Get out of here, pal. All right, Neil. Bye. Okay, no Cagar, okay. No more Cagar. I'll take one by the way if you got a little one. We have an open line in date, 7510. Do we have the hero? It's probably another one of those very Jackson column fetching it right now. See, one of the interesting things is they've been feeding very Jackson. I'm almost beginning to wonder intentionally missing information from over to here at QM. And of course, very doodifully he puts it in there like Jimmy's. Simple, this is going to be doing a show. Jimmy's. Simple, this don't know nothing about it. How do you like that? Thank you so much Adam. You're just a real. It's so good to have Adam here. Really, really in the morning sucking around like Andy did. Hey, look what it did for him got him to the big time. He sucked his all away. He sucked his all away to the big city. So do you want to bow? He's doing the same. I have a, uh, licenseiado, please. Talking entertainment radio, 610 W I O D. Who runs this place? I don't know. I don't know. Who run my five own ways and I heard his full street? Just to doubt the best of hustler and I'm starting to feel he- Oi. A sunny, icy people. Check it out my buttons like Zeebe. There I got a first class riser. It done pitch to ten my jeans. Now I'm spotted in a word here. I'm finding it impossible to see him. I'm spotted in a word here. I feel I can't absolutely out of it. It's all the ghost to go this. He was far from one to. He caught that. He's lucky to get some bracelet. Just to see what he would do. His ghosted face was beautiful. As he headed far as room. There's a critters in a ghost. His waded far as post. Down in the jungle room. Responding what is in my face. You heard it's really impossible. You can see all the spotted wooders in my face. I feel I can't absolutely out of it. Responding what is in my face. It's almost impossible to see all the spotted wooders in my face. I feel like I'm emancipated man. I feel like Martin Luther, whatever his name was, I don't get smart. It's 1034 WOD. We're free again man. We're free last and two more trips. Two more trips. Down a highway from Helm. We get out of this. We got out of this wonderful neighborhood. Which since Rick Sanch has moved in his gone to crap. That's right. That's what they said. It's Bill Ross. As soon as that man squatted into that building. He said there goes the damn neighborhood. Right. So here's the article speaking of fat people. It says limba moves to Wions. He's starting on Monday. By Frank Davies, who is not Barry Jackson. So maybe there might be some accurate information in here for a change. It's that a little Barry Jackson, who's nothing but a yenta and a troublemaker. And gets it wrong almost all the time. We know you're listing Barry. Get it right. Just wants to do your life would be good. Just one time. Rush limba, the 800 pound gorilla of talk radio with says, has been bumped by a 900 pound gorilla sports talk radio. WKOM 560 adopting an all sports fair. Far, far, far, far, far. Mark is dropping the conservative talkers popular show. Popular show. The guy's got a two share has never broken a two share in how. What was it? Three four five years now in a market. His popular show is popular somewhere, but not here. Which it goes on to say later. And Wions. With its emphasis on news is picking up starting Monday. Limba will be heard weekends from 1 to 4 p.m. on Wions. Which will also carry Laura Slesinger's syndicated personal advice program from 10 a.m. to do. So now we're really up against it. Now we got only not only rushed to combat with, but we got Dr. Laura. Oh boy, I can't handle that. There go all our four women. They'll be right over to Dr. Laura so she can bitch him out. Rush and Laura are great communicators at our close personal friend, Pete Bulger of Wions program director. Although one is political and wonderful a crap, they both feel strongly about individuals taking responsibility for their actions as for Pete. Limba is departure from QAM and they're openly discussed for months and months with the sale of the station to Beesley Broadcasting. WQAM, a lot of other sports talk show in the noon to three slot. Now occupied by Lardis. It's the evolution of our format said Andrew asks in the woods. WQAM's program director, I primary consumer wants to be all sports. He wants us to be all sports. Are they supposed to forget they were all sports? Remember those days when they had the devil Brian? By the way, congratulations, Dave and Joe when they had Dave and Brian and who was when Zagaki. Oh my god. And they had like fractions man. They had numbers that were so small. He had the amount palimar telescope just to see it and the number two. As effective at entertainer is Limbaugh is this was a marriage that didn't necessarily make sense says Andrew asks in the woods. I don't know if it goes on to say this and say that. Speaking of Limbaugh, it said he so far ahead of whoever second or third it's not even close said Brett Moss editor of Talk Daily, a radio industry newsletter. But South Florida is different. It says here, Neil Rogers on WIOD, six tennis talks show champ from 10am to 2pm. Limbaugh never performed here as well as he did in the rest of the nation said ass in the woods admitting the WQAM did not promote to show successfully right emphasized the suck part. Along with that in Limbaugh and the slush near WIODs he now several other changes which we don't care about. So there you go. Limbaugh and I and Z starting on Monday and a new sports midday show part of which we can be sure will be the fat bitch from 10 to noon and noon to three your guess is as good as mine. Huh? Sure won't be, Rimmer. Sure won't be a syphilis. It won't be Ned Sandy Beach. It won't be who's it going to be? Maybe the hummer is going to be on from like noon to seven every day huh? You can have lunch, a little afternoon snack and dinner all in the same show out standing. Nice going, a hummer. Oh, you're okay in my book pal. Here's the Del Rey Beach, hello. And Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, I regard to that all of my listening. I agree with you. I don't think he's a hide-hared like Albert Bell. Right. But I'll we'll tell you one thing. If they're going to suspend him for five, then they might have to suspend all the other manager with an all that that won't depart you. Do you see how close they get when they are you? Okay. You remember when you're a Don Zimmer and Earl Weaver, we're notorious for kicking, kicking dirt on guys shoes and up on it. Almost in their face. Billy Martin the same thing. Yeah, but and then another incident that I'm looking at is, how do we know that why he spit at him? I mean, we don't know what to say. That's right. He, he, look, anybody who's going to make a judgment on this has got to first at least see the tape, which most of us have seen 400 times. Okay. He calls him out on a pitch that's over a foot outside. The Orioles are fighting tooth and nail to win the spot in the playoffs. He calls him out on a ridiculous pitch. It's a grotesque call. They argue, Alamar goes back to the dugout. And then as, you know, they're screaming from the dugout. Hersh Becky else into there at him and the report that we get from a pretty good source is he called him a little bleep sucker. And then they come running back out again. Alamar followed by Davey Johnson, whose face is followed apart all over his cheek. And then at that point, they get another thing again. And Alamar spits in his face. But Hersh Becky evidently and obviously from what you see provoked this incident, which doesn't make it right. But then Hersh Becky isn't right either. Who says the empires now have the right to start doing whatever they want. And nobody's ever going to discipline them. I'll tell you another thing. Who the hell are they? When he was talking about the incident in the runway that happened about him talking about his key. It made what he I think that maybe what he told him was ever since the incident happening. Your family maybe you haven't been the same person. No, he didn't he didn't tell him that. He said that to reporters. He didn't tell him to was pushed. So you don't any heard about it. He heard about it. Second hand, which right off the bat leaves you know to wonder because it was taking out a context. He heard about second hand. And he went ballistic and just lost it and ran down the corridor and into the locker room. And he had to be restrained by the other uppars. They dragged his ass out of there. And he apologized. He wrote a letter. He apologized. And they still just to help up the end. And they donated a hundred thousand dollars between Alamar personally and the Orioles to the research foundation that's doing research on that disease. And that's still not good enough. I'd let me remind you. I don't know if you follow hockey at all. No, not really. But during the playoffs last year when Claude Lemue came from behind and sticked and ran Chris Draper of Detroit into the boards. And nearly nearly killed a sky nearly took his head off. Okay. He got a two game suspension is all he got and and granted it wasn't you know he couldn't appeal it because he didn't have the opportunity. It was the you know the league Brian Berks said you're going to serve the next two games into playoffs and he got it right away. But here's a guy who nearly kills a man. Chris Draper's face was in such disarray that they wanted to come back and sit on the bench. They wouldn't let him sit on the bench because they thought that the players would go nuts if they saw how bad he looked. They they didn't want anybody to see him. It's a miracle that that kid looks as good as he does now. And it's just he nearly killed his guy. He gets two games. I'll tell you another guy. Guys fits in the Empire's face and his bait is is probably baited to do it and right away. Oh geez, this is the end of the world. People are going off the deep end. They all got in the opinion. Imagine is Albert Bell would have been the one that would have done that to that on par. I don't think you would have spit it him. I think you would have taken a forum to his face. Yeah, probably. You know, another thing the guy that called earlier I mentioned about Alex Rodriguez being Cuban. I've read article big article on him on USA Sports. He's he's Puerto Rican. Yeah. And he's single and I don't know if he's circumcised. Is he hung? I don't know. We don't know that. Well, well, we do have to find out if he circumcised. I'm sure that somebody that didn't go to see him went to school here, right? Yeah, he went to school. He's good friends with Derek Geter of the Yankees. Oh, Derek Geter. He had a tough night last night. Bad break Derek too bad. He's Texas six Yankees too. Oh, John Birkett. I'm not good enough for the Marlins, but haven't got a good enough for Texas. And that was strawberry. He's screwed everything up too. Yes. I loved it. Oh man. Do I love watching the Yankees lose? I've been watching that. You have no idea. Oh, I love it. The end. Listen. I want to tell you your grace is your great under radio. And I always listen to your children work time and take care. And I'm a great American. You know it. Thanks for the info pal. Okay. So let's find out his Alex Rodriguez really Cuban is he Puerto Rican. Is he hung? He's what? Dominicano. That's what we had heard before. So now we got three choices for you. Which one do you like the best? Is he from La República Dominican? I like the cigar that I'm smoking right now. I'm puffing on one. Maybe this is an Alex Rodriguez cigar. What's he puff on? Oh, we don't want to know. Don't ask John Hirsch back. He might use that word again. So he's either the Dominican Republic or the Dominican Democrat or he's Cuban or he's Puerto Rican and we got to find out if he circumcised. We have two open lines in Broward, five two four nine four six three five two four Wild. No ladies again today. I mean, we really don't care about Monday. You give us a real false sense of security like hey Ron and Ron are back. The women are back on board on Wild. I don't hear the little ladies now. No ladies. No way. No how they don't care about whether sports channels going to be on because they don't care about the Panthers right? They certainly don't care about sports at all. They don't care about Drew Rose and House being an asshole. They don't care about Brian Blades shooting his cousin and the guy being dead. They don't care about any of this stuff and he sure don't watch baseball. That we know for sure. Here is a four louder day on the purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? I'm what I suppose that you're staying for this. I want more things. Good. I think it's a little hypocritical because you're the guy that always says it's just words. You know, when people get upset, somebody says you always say it's just words. Yeah. So it's just our whole. Well, yeah, but let's be realistic. Okay. In any sporting event especially, Tempers Flair, people get bent out of shape. I mean, if you watch a hockey game, it goes way beyond just words. I mean, if somebody says something provocative and rather guy, they drop their gloves and they beat the snout out of each other's blood all over the ice. Okay. So I think people are getting a little bit carried away about the fact that when somebody insights you by saying something really grow, task and whatever it was, and the guy comes out in the continues and who knows what else was said beyond it. And he's spitting his face, you know, short of hitting him. Maybe he was so incensed that the only choice is he had, were either the spitting his face or maybe Hall off and slug him, which at that point he probably be out of baseball. Well, in other words, you don't think that ever happens? Yeah. Yeah, I'm here. Yeah, my phone is pretty upset for you. Okay. Can you hear me? Okay. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line in the purple line. I think maybe I asked him a tough question here. I think, you know, again, most of the like 90% of the people probably come down on the other side like Gordon Eats with this emotional column in the sun, settlers morning. I got news for you, Gordon. They've done a lot more to kill baseball than somebody's spitting in somebody's face. Okay. They don't care about the fans. And the interesting part is it's the umpires who threaten to walk out yesterday in violation of their contract. And now of course, they had to get their way by at least getting the hearing moved up till tomorrow. Now they're, that's okay. And whatever they decide, that'll be okay too. But they got plenty of publicity and plenty of press and plenty of sympathy and in the meantime, the eurils are kicking ass. And that's all I care about at this point. Because Roberto Alomar happens to be a credit to the game. You know, the guys who are the good guys, it's interesting. They take the crap and people like Albert Belend and Sheffield and a few of these and Barry Bonds who could be the worst of all of them, uh, life just goes on and they keep collecting the paycheck. 1044, and poor Alex Rodriguez, we can't even find out where to hell these from. Don't you think that he went to school here? Somebody would know how big it is. Hey. I'll get entertainment radio. 610, WIO, D. Back to him. Alright, my wife took their card under the mall. She drives my junior against, she's three feet tall. I wouldn't ride with her no way. I said I'd meet her there, ladies, today. So I'm just sitting on a bench and a race, waiting for the lovely best to take me away. I'm just sitting on a bench and a race, waiting for the nice thing. Alright. We're playing it's time to check my change. First of all, stay as strong as we stay the same. All that good and do, we give it to us, we did do. The private herlates, she must be in a pain. Just sitting here resting my bones. One run away, my wife will leave me alone. We've talked it over and I never win. I just wind up stepping through the mall again. Oh, so I sit on a bench and a race, waiting for the lovely best to take me away. Oh, I just sit on a bench and a race, waiting for the nice thing. It's time to wait for the lovely best to take me away. 1049 at WIVD. I noticed that some of these are the card machines or what is it? Oh, I think it is. Okay, we have an open line on a green line, 1-800-944. This is the last day that we have to work with Prius Dork Equipment. And here, starting on Monday, you're going to hear the difference in the sound. And then a couple of weeks after that, when they get to brand new transmitter and then actually put out more than 10 watts, then you might actually be able to hear the station without putting a 10 canner or your rear. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Any else? Yes, sir. What's happening this morning? I don't know. Hey, this is Mr. Ronan Ron. Yeah. And I've seen that guy who rose in half the time. Right? He's telling everyone how high. Why did they kiss his ass? Why does everybody kiss his ass? Oh, you should have heard him. I did. I heard it. Yeah, I know that everyone hates me, but I'm successful and that's all there is. Yeah. Yeah. He's a slime ball. Sir, is. Hey, listen, or is it want to ask you something? I saw an article in the hell yesterday. Yeah. That my, uh, see, see, I in the sports channel, they're out in impact because they tried to reach an agreement or something. Yeah, because T.C.I wants to make it a premium channel and make you pay extra if you want to watch the games. Yeah. Let me ask you, if I go to a, the desk, the small one and I still, uh, I have no, I have not. We should have a tell you. And that's what I'm looking for today. I wish somebody, you know, I met the guy, remember introduced me at the exhibition game to the eye from sports channel and he peed all over my leg. Thank you for he thanked me profusely for giving him all his publicity and, uh, and telling people all the good stuff. But in the meantime, I would like to fight out today. Yeah. Today or at least before the weekend, I'd like to fight out the honest answer of when, if and when, to a sports channel floor, it's going to show up on the small dish on direct TV. Yeah. And also, uh, if it really is going to be a, like, continental cable, like I said before, it's not on my cable system yet. Yeah. So that's, you know, I know. How did I need it? Because I got the big dish, but I mean, most people who got cable, when at least like to know if it's going to show up on our cable system. Yeah. That's what I was looking for because they had a big story on channel, uh, uh, I think it was, well, it was on six last night after the game, which I didn't stay up that late to watch the story, but it was, uh, just a few days before it came out, and it turned out that it was like, I don't know, it's like, it's like, what are the things that they're looking for? Yeah. Well, we're, we're, we're, we're working on it for you. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. We're crossing our legs and crossing our eyes and crossing the tees and dotting the eyes. But, hey, I don't know. I wish I did know. I wish somebody would give us the honest answer. Somebody would give us the Amazon. Like, maybe our good close personal friend, information. You know what I'm saying? And find out if and when since these guys are going to be doing a game on Saturday If you're going to be able to see it. I mean, what's the point if you can't see it? But the great news is that Jay Randolph, I know somebody called yesterday would aspire report from QAM, which of course most of their stuff You can't believe lately anyway, but it's true. It's right there in a big headline and since David O'Brien wrote it You know what that's an incestuous thing Angel and O'Brien to call the TV Marlin games next year. Oh, thank God I'm ready to turn to religion for that. I'll tell you that right now Because haven't I said over and over again that if you're going to generate excitement and team get some interest Especially a town like this that the quite frankly don't care too much you got to have some great broadcasts out there and Jay and Gary guess what they're not going to do it Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I just wanted to confirm that Alex Rodriguez is the menic and her public He went to Westminster High School and in Miami. Yeah, did you ever take a shower with them or anything? No, I did. I'm not into that kind of stuff. No, well, I mean I'm talking about like in gym class I don't mean like that kind of a shower. No, I wouldn't say like a golden shower just melt like an ordinary shower Yeah, I didn't get into it. Yeah I bet you will find somebody who claims to have a shower with them I bet why we've had we've had guys over the years call those shard with Jose Cancoco Who's sour-shoured with the rocky it's a Maria aka Steven borrow all these guys. Yeah, we got the inside dope I call someone to do speck of course my Kendra okay. Thanks for the info pal. Yep, so we got a demo what do we call him a Dominican But I thought a Dominican was like a religious sect You mean like during the offseason he worked he wears those schmattas We call him father Alex Father Alex Alex God there you go seriously how come this town hasn't hasn't taken to Alex Rodriguez like even Alex Fernandez who we love Alex Fernandez even though he pitches for the marginal white socks He's a great kid even always getting trouble in his old age. He's terrific. We love Alex Fernandez And so I guess an Alex by any other name wouldn't just be treated the same and that's the problem What's the story there? Because Alex Fernandez is one hell of a damn good picture. He had a good year with a white socks and the rumors are That maybe he's coming to the marlins next season which would be great But here's Alex Rodriguez a local product who wins the American League betting championship who has a season the likes of which nobody And there's not a bad word about this kid. I mean he is as clean and as light-complexed I mean whatever you want whatever you like about somebody he's got it You think that those young girls out there and especially those mighty cones they'd be they'd be wild They'd be having blow-up dolls over a rod especially when they call him a rod. Oh, man That gets the Julio's really excited when they call him a rod Or a candidate they call him rod a Here's a mobile in four louder Dale. Hello Neil yes, sir the fifth Cotton that'll cable already said they're gonna give it the on the fifth. Yeah, they're gonna give it to you so baby better drop your pants Number two yeah, few years back A bird's field fit at the Harold reporter right you can down pretty hard on Abe. Yeah, yeah, yeah Number three because I got to go There's been more articles on Alex Rod Reak is in the local media Then you could think about more than they've had on you not in the Sun Sentinel What do you mean not the Sun Sentinel who reject the people are living Broward only communist re-deherald have a great day pal That's right from inside a hearlder stir bitter about that election last night Harold lost again Harold lost again. Yeah. Oh, God. Are we excited about that as the public tells the era that given the fickle finger of fate and say Take Mickey Harrison and that arena by the way. This is your heat station W. I OD See one thing I've already had a discussion about the heat already know my feelings in the quite frankly They're not gonna change anything and too bad 1055 at W. I OD evenings delight All right that musical accompaniment, but I don't think it really is necessary at the moment Maybe you want to try it again later with a different beat Even aged delight is southward as unique fireplace in barbecue showroom They've got the most incredible selection of fireplace in barbecue accessories anywhere in the country Let evenings delight show you the professional series Talk in entertainment radio 610 W. I OD Miami Fort Lattery This is your brain Any questions you've heard of the four tops you've heard of the four seasons and of course you've heard of the fab four But now witness the newest sensation and musical groups to guys with a little something extra Yes, it's the four skins live and uncut there's Peter on Congress Dig on bongos Rod on the drum kit and Show me on the timbals before members of the four skins These guys are nothing more than wrinkly skin and bones, but they are the master leaders of Percussion this CD includes snippets of the four skins caught live at the zipper and outspaminer Germany Run out and grab a unit of the four skins Live and uncut you'll back the rapper and slap it on it's the four skins live and uncut Okay, it's 11 o'clock at W. I OD we were a wait and to find out of Alex's like shard with anybody in the audience Including any of the women we have an open line of Broward 5249463524 W. I OD we also want to find out if he's better in the sector in Craig Erickson and for his sake We sure hope so Here's the four lottery held back on a purple line hello in the oh, yes, sir I thought you should be able to go with my phone died out. Yeah I really didn't get catch which said but what I was starting to say was for phone died is that People I don't think people are taking a side of Alamar Because of what was said and who said what and what who started what I think was just saying it's going it's spitting on an Unfire is going too far now you you may be analogy of the The Red Wing's guy can hit by the mu yeah, yeah, see that's bad, but he took a cheap shot and He didn't know the outcome of he could he could have killed the guy okay from behind Okay from a blind side he blindsided him He'd jammed him into the boards got his stick up in his head and nearly killed a guy and he gets a two games suspension I know I saw that yeah, but number one And you probably gonna jump down my throw for a sentence, but he guys not an official for the game number one I'm not condoning what the guy did but you know what he is you know what they both are they're both human beings Okay, the game is only important to a point and then beyond that they both happen to be human beings So jeopardizing somebody's very life as opposed to spitting in somebody's face in the heat of a disgusting argument or after somebody says something Violent vulgarian insights you to do it. I don't see the connection at all No way it's gonna you saying you you're saying jeopardizing guys I don't think they're clawed in the mu when over there to try to kill the guy I know something I don't think I don't think Claude Lemue gives a crap. Okay. I don't think he cares about the consequences Claude as far as I'm concerned Claude Lemue is crazier in a bed bug He's not But yeah, I'm not coming to the guys you said that you know, but again, we we don't know what's in the guys mind We don't know if the guys really wanted to put that much hurt on the guy But but but what do you mean? Did not in other words the guy just to this is first game the guys been playing for years He knows what the possibilities are when you're blindsided guy right up against the boys head right up against the top of the boards Yeah, yeah, I understand So of course you didn't know the outcome but in other words you try to say he wanted to just injure him lightly is that it? No, no, not saying that at all come on give me a break I'm not saying that at all But my point is with the Empire thing you know you have these these they have rules We have authority in these games you can't once you start spitting on us So in other words they have authority and they can do whatever the hell they want and they can call people any name out of the sun And they can incite them they can bait them they can stand in their face and scream in horror and Nobody will ever admonish them or do anything to them But if somebody responds by retaliating then all of a sudden they're bad guys We think I never say the bag. You're you telling me that there's nobody at the young person's out to answer to Yeah, they have to rent answered a richy fill-ups so big deal like he's then they got their union You think the union isn't gonna back them 99% of the time just like all the empires now banning the other and threatening to walk out and delaying two games yesterday Well, no, I saw that Yeah, but I mean he still I say because which he thought after answer somebody even a bud saw is not a commission See like is a clown okay? He's he's a nice a non-anity. He doesn't even exist He might as well not even be on a face of the planet Well, he's a lemon You know because the system has screwed up with the people that they haven't played doesn't mean that the system doesn't work I am just amazed that people who don't even like like the first guy had call on this this morning Doesn't follow baseball doesn't pay any attention to it like most people No, go wait a minute, but I'm amazed that everybody is jumping on a bandwagon because somebody spit in somebody's face We have people at murder people every and the thing with Abraham Hirschfeld to bring that up as a comparison There wasn't in the middle of some kind of a heated event Abraham Hirschfeld spit in the guy's face because he asked him a question he didn't like is there some comparison Hey, my husband is a scumbag a common crude scumbag What's the comparison between him and Roberto Alamar? Well, they get him kicked out of the damn Get him get the first by kicked out of the as a Anunper do something get rid of him have some sort of what he said if he went over the line cross line as an Empire he should have some punishment but it's not gonna have it's not gonna But you don't again you're not listening to me these things are done It like like in a courtroom these things happen in the middle of a heated argument Yeah, you're just understood but yet he had to pay the price for him I'm gonna tell you something he issued an apology that I thought went way way above and beyond and $50,000 and the Orioles kicked in 50 grand and he you know apologized for everything You said and what do you want the guy to do you want him to blow his own brains out? Absolutely not no. I'm not I'm not saying what he did was wrong in a you know Doing it as you know get heated and and responding to what the guy said I'm not saying what he's done I probably would have done worse Okay, he's lucky that the guy just spit in the space. I think hurts because But the point is that you have rules you have to you have to go by if you what he did was all every And you know something you know something you got this suspension He appealed it which is in part of the system players root to appeal there Suspensions root, teen league just like jockey's appeals suspensions and they they even the league even said okay Well, we'll try to pacify you guys will move the hearing up to Thursday So he still might miss someone to play off so what's everybody better shape about? Well, it's not a good idea. You said you got to play by the rules. That's the rule, okay? If they rule that he's gonna have to sit out, he'll have to sit out. All right. Absolutely. I agree with that But listen, let me say this before we go First off with this We'll argue to what's going to say but with the This sports channel. Yeah, I saw yesterday on channel six. I believe it said that TCI was only cable company in south order that is not well as of yet Going to pick up Sports channel yeah, every other cable. Well, how come I'm not got caught in that all how come I'm getting all these reports all these panic He people out there a delfiest not gonna have it and this one's not gonna have it You know, I think if people I'm just on your channel six then now right could be wrong But they said that everybody except TCI and the reason why TCI Well, this kind of They're not agreeing to this and not admitting to this but they're saying that a TCI own sunshine network Right, I understand that they got a conflict of interest there and there were basically try to be hard asses with sports channel And they're saying well if you want to be on our system then they'll have to be a premium channel and people have to pay extra for it Right, well, that's what they're saying But you know like you said he said everybody except he says picking up some But I hope they're right. Okay pal. Thank. Well find out Saturday You'll have to sit and wait which is a hell of a way to you know playing your life You'll have to sit there and turn it on 730 and find out if the you panther flyer game is on and if not We're screwed again while you're screwed because I got the big dish So again, all you smart asses out there. Wow. You would you rather have the big one at a little one But you have that well, I've tried it. I always said consistently if you're able if you like live in a house If you're able uh to get the big dish if you can afford it if you have the land if or whatever That's the preferable way to go and I still believe that and the program is a lot less expensive And you still get tons of stuff on your big dish that you will never never ever see on the small dish and the discussion Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello Hello, yes sir. Hey, now first of all couples and the empires they have a contract too If one of their empires got suspended, did you watch them out if they tried to enforce any sort of a Right, I want to hear hearing an article you bet man those guys are tighter than a snare drum Secondly remember the good old days when the empires were just apart in the game Some of the great group arms is used to happen with any Murtah right. Oh, sure They threw everything at the umpard dirt Bottles of water right whatever happened to those days Well, you know those days you didn't have like instant replay first of all because You know you didn't have the the mass media frenzy day have now with every little thing that happens And so they take it incident and they they Huh these guys don't want to be showing up that's their whole thing You can't show me up anymore. That's the emperor right and and like I said the last few years They've started more and more because they're on a power trip and they've more and more started baiting guys And I wish somebody else out there had new which game of was it was either a cup game or it was an Maybe it was one of the athletic games. I was watching on a satellite a few months ago There there there have an argument up here makes a horrendous call on a called baller strike The batter gets bent out of shape says something now we get back into the batter's box I mean the arguments over and the umpire gets out and further plate bends down cleans off the plate with his little brush And then gets up in a player's face and starts all over again gets him going and throws him out of the game Right, but nobody says a word about that absolutely unacceptable I'm nothing now TCI sports channel First of all I have TCI. I don't think I'm ever going to see the pan for games. Yeah, I hate TCI But also what about the hoods of somebody like Wayne you know just moving these things from a sunshine without having any Grimmit with these people you know you're going to run into a stone wall with TCI and Demo in the sunshine cable network. Yeah, not where screwed. Well, you got to understand Wayne Wayne owns Wayne owns the sports channel But when I predicted it right off the bat sooner or later and probably sooner everything that he's got a finger in is going to wind up being on sports channel I'd call the panzers what provisions are they making to have the people who are not going to be able to see these games Have they taken any They looking at a local station to air these games? It's certainly they're not doing anything so we're going in the end. We're going to get screwed with that I don't I don't know because they're sure not communicating with me They're not giving me any information Mr. hockey puck I'm supposed to be the guy with all the info and so far. They're not does that any info to me Now, just want to say goodbye to Jay Randolph with this One night to Switch it over to the doctor game He was interviewing Don dry's deals wife When she left he said I just want to thank Don dry Joe's late wife for spending a few minutes with us. I'm a boy Jay. He hasn't lost a man. We love him. He'll be good out in I asked to be a little somewhere Have a great day pal. Good luck to us Yeah, I'm still waiting man if there's anybody with a sports channel if there's even anybody that I know who wants to pass along the accident information I'd sure be very anxious to do that because you know that everybody who's into the panthers is listening to the show right now Including thousands of people who are just dying to know are we gonna get screwed again? Or we're gonna actually get to see the game? It's all a one is to sit there in a comfort of their living room sit back turn on the TV crank it on to somewhere and enjoy the game That's all hopefully to a big win and then that's it I'd like the guy said everything was done at the last minute and everybody's been held. Oh, yeah It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. We've all heard that before haven't we? Here's West Palm Beach gone long gone okay two upper lines on the green lines 1-800-944 here's Miami. Hello How you doing okay sir? heard a Buffalo show at midday on QAMs gonna be sponsored by Clear So yeah He's gonna change the complexion of sports radio you know you mentioned about rumor not getting the job You know and QAM and Hank walk on off the air. Yeah, you know, I listen to Hank man It's default. That's all those guys Hank mentioned man to Joel the time man Manage mentioned thank all the time they talk after the game Default mentioned Hank big dog mentions a bow camper is there any reason as a major click going on here Why yeah, I mean can't it can't figure it out? They don't want rumor in the circle and why is that I don't know I think maybe the ones because he's a friend of mine No, I think you know why because he's on his show all the time Well these are the same guys that want a shool of the fulfilling contractor the same guys who manipulate Everything going on in this town when it comes to sports and whatever we see your point He's an outsider. Yeah, he represents a threat because you know as an outsider and also the fact you know something about hockey Would none of them know anything about what is QAM gonna do for hockey coverage I mean, what wouldn't you think if you're in the position of being on the air over there and you got a contract and you're lively Who does the pen and United Station which has been very very marginal ever since they went all sports Wouldn't you think that you'd want a guy to compliment the people you have on here who knows something about what are the sports that you carry on your Station instead of having to constantly fake your way through and pretend you know something well They're gonna have the coach show on there. I guess on Tuesday Tuesday at a clock in the morning Who's gonna ask the questions? Are gonna ask for coach if he's getting later something? Probably gonna find out you know how I'll be doing how they doing with the girls or yes You know because I don't know much about hockey You know I've lived in the town on my life But I would like to learn I would like to hear somebody educated on the radio besides your show Yeah, but you can listen to maybe learn something about it right now Things like rumors the only guy in the town if they put Chris more on He can never do a show. I mean you don't like him, but you know he's all right I yeah from what do I know about hockey? You know announcers So I guess Chris more is the only guy I've ever heard I just think that's why rumors getting blown out of it is getting a shaft and on a on a note here I wish defa would leave your station. I wish you would I wish you maybe move somebody else up or bring somebody else in it Well, what's your thing with default? socks He's just getting so old at you know you heard that expression somebody likes to hear himself talk Yeah, that's the forest he just goes and goes and just nonstop talking to monologue is just Yeah, I tell you what I wanted is one thing that deep for me is a good guy But he's he's since he's changed the way he does the show and with these limerics and puns and all the other stuff I just don't go for that the thing he does that really frost my ass My favorite show every week with default is Thursday when he's got Dave hide in the Bob room and cuz they're great They both you know actually open them up up and say some of the and he'll take the first The guys only keep in mind only got a two-hour show and he's got news in there and commercial So it's really only like an hour and a half So you got now and a half to do a show and you kill the first 18 minutes before you bring these guys out with a monologue I mean, well, what's the point why not get right into what baby and and let's hear what these guys have to say? Get a difference of opinion. I mean, I think that's what makes sports talk, you know something Just talk about Hank Hank bulls off anybody that doesn't agree with Hank is gone in two seconds Yeah, it's just First grade, but you know something man. I don't know what it is about him. They're lined up like a bunch of sheep I did they're just one after another after another They're like who do you like in a game is me like like this guys a mevon like he knows something You know, so I don't gamble on football. I like football If you called up and said Hank I just like to watch football in the afternoon to gamble on it Oh, you're crazy your lie and to me. Yeah, it's all this guy must be in debt. He's got to be With his picks on Sunday on ESPN. I got news for him I got news for people who gamble on on ball games and there's millions of them Anybody that tells you they're making money doing it 99% of my lives Well, Hank's gonna be losing weight cuz he's running out of a food money. Well, see that Jack it's gonna fit sooner or later. There's a silver lining and every big so have a great day pal. Okay We have an open line in date 75 one. We got one on a green line 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. We're not here Nothing for murmur today about the sports channel thing We're not hearing everything for my good friend over there that works for Wayne. That's the head of the sports channel Why aren't you people communicating with us so we can Suve the nerves of all these panther fans out there You get on here. You're promote. You're promote. You're promote You try to get some interest yourself tickets. You get asses in the seats You turn people onto a great the greatest sport in the world by far. I'm gonna tell you what a hockey fan I am Last night and I grant you baseball I could live without but during the playoffs. I watched some of it Yankees and the Texas last night I watched that only intermittently. I watched much more of the penguins and the brood's exhibition game with Mike Lang I'm KBL thank God much more that that I did the Yankee game And Mary always playing in Yager in Francis and everybody was in line up So it was like almost a real game and by the way the penguins have no defense. I mean no I just want to mention that to you 11 15 a Wild if you're talking entertainment radio 16 W I O D oh my god if you play him over to get him gonna fucking throw up Seas royal craves never in me When the divorce papers gonna come Secret tapes and lovers are intriguing But it's so much fun Oh Charles is a geek Wonder if you managed to be the king So let me ask you this maybe we'll get a woman out there who would like to do Alex Rodriguez Maybe we'll get a guy out there who would like anybody out there want to do a rod We have an open line in date 751 well, that's what they call a man. It's a rod. He'd be a rod What's wrong with that? At least you can remember that because we got so many of these Alex guys You know some of these speaks with the same names. It's a rod and a fur and whatever Here's pepper pine. Hello hello uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a little information for you on Alex Rodriguez all right See how timely this is perfect. I have a couple of his rookie cards He's born in New York City 727 1975 75 sweet 20 one like I said that's pretty good math right he bats right throws right he weighs 190 he's six foot three tall alluded to give me any lunch doers. That was very nice. Yes He's a lot taller than my thought yeah being a short stop, you know and He hit three 12 in the miners with 24 homers He was drafted number one right and That's about it Neil Oh, I don't know if he had 357 this year I think yeah, I'm the banning championship He's phenomenal. He's a great guy He's a great dealer. He's a great hitter. He's got power. He's he's whatever he's fantastic I really do it every kid who's into anything it is sports at all in this town should have Alex Rodriguez's a role model Well, I'm about here age I probably can enjoy it more than the kids I tried Ron and Ron it's terrible Very deal. You're still God and you always will but you don't drive a pickup truck or a Jeep I drive an old cotton at all. Oh, not a dukeno I do you say that okay. I'll see you in sunrise take it easy. Okay, pal. So on so there's the info We got some guy out there with some baseball cards on Alex Rodriguez and let me say it again like Don Sherry would say all you kids out there You want somebody to look up to here's a kid. Okay, never stole a freight train doesn't act like some kind of a jerk out there And a feel he goes out there and does the job with his bat with his glove and with his thing and that's it So if you want to follow if you want to look up to something look up to a rod and Instead of straight and be a man Here's a bokeh hello like I said bokeh hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What's it man? That last guy talking Ron and Ron make Rick look like The mean crap You know Rick I don't want you to say what's on your mind It's a great one. I'm sorry. See I want you to listen Rick and so it's gonna do great in the afternoon I predict to that and I'm positive of it I'm gonna do much better than they did in the morning But I think that Rick needs to understand and I'm sure he realizes this in the back of his mind that they've got like a new honeymoon period See because when you see the problem I got is I'm where I've always been in other words I don't have to not like I'm leaving or I'm coming back at a different time I'm just here like I always for a hundred years. Okay, but now they're going in the afternoon So it's like they got a whole new honeymoon. Hey, welcome back to the afternoon This is number 422 checkin back it and this is gonna go on for a few days and then after that It's like okay now what do we do now? See I I really didn't like Ron and I went that much before but now they're not that big sure considering what I heard the piss a couple years Yeah, I'm warning on ID, but no, there let me just say this to and again Setting aside what I enjoy or what I like right that show is gonna do great on this I don't try ever we're talking either man. I'm just telling you Ron and Ron are gonna have a big number on this station But I think in studs are gonna have a big number. He have to in fact I believe I really do I believe Rick and Studs will have bigger numbers than they have to know and then filled it and I'm not I'm not making a comparison with the talent because You know, why would I do that? But I'm just telling you they why I think they will do better I think that they appealed a while much broader group of Schmerals out there and whatever They definitely appealed a total we have down here right There's no question about that well don't so let me ask you this don't you think that if there's gonna be a show that's on statewide That Ron and Ron is the perfect one for that We're all saying Rick and Studs too and Rick and Studs Anyway, I got the information on the cable. Okay. I called It's worth channel because I'm very good. I was very concerned. Yeah, you want to be yeah, and I was now really concerned why they're not giving me no info It's really pork in my life. I call it I call it directly so here's a scoop only TCI You got do the only people that's worried about it right and I talked to them and they said every other channel is gonna put like a Bulls and on the butt on your cable information station the morning has the Saturday morning. Yeah, I think I'd tell you what to do and where to look for it. Oh, yeah, yeah, I mean no problem You but what about the small dish? Well, I was I almost bought one. I found out they're gonna. You know keep it on the But see some people that's why I had to find out what I'm concerned about though Is some people did go out and buy the small dish? Yeah, because they were told and this is the information I was given that they would definitely be on direct TV in time for the opening of the season And now here we are a couple of days ahead of it and we're still up any air so to speak You got to imagine it would be on here though If it's a whole different fly anyway, that's the group of tested and trust yeah, so and everyone else will just be psychotic I hope you're right. Yeah, I wouldn't worry about it. Okay pal. Thanks for the info. Bye. Yeah. Okay There's a guy with some good news just sit back in relax. Okay. Take a deep breath Swallow a couple of good perka-dans or something and just calm down It'll be there. It'll be there trust us. Okay, and if it's not there Then we'll have like riots in the streets and people we can take all our rats out there and start throwing them at the cable people Speaking of rats. It's 1126 at Wiod Talking entertainment radio 610 Wiod Yo Tonight on the forks network. It's star neck the neck generation Star date 2020 plus 12 minus 3 well, I'll tell you I noticed the crew of the dinner time looked a little down at the mouth I think they're feeling home shit for the hills and planet earth So we're gonna have us a good old get down in hoon holler wing day. We're roasting camp out on remish aren't that a plan of here in better DD7 Captain slim t-jerk Roger well coat in for over and out Okay Woo, they're mink Captain pickard That's some mighty French fiddle picking always I could pick like that but only gotcha and bangers pick another go-kay How many dogs is everybody? Hey, I can eat sex Reuters and captain I'm picking up in life warm on my CVR It seems to be coming from that way. It's not a passion martian memo everybody sets your days are going to stupid We need to use extreme caution now. Okay, y'all look at this day looks like a cross between a blue laser My double cousin bubble Clinton die. He's ugly. What is that sign he's carrying looks like some sort of mutated get-battle Don't shoot. I just want to jam hey captain pickard Can I sit in a pickle with you? Well, sure so I'm you to eat no fall. Okay, I call this from the remish crater breakdown here Oh, yeah 1132 a W. I would be boy if I had a dollar for every trailer parking this country I wouldn't have to be sitting here right now. Tell you that we got an open line in date 7 519463 751 W. I would be and of course if we didn't have so many trailer parks Any Jones would be a big trouble in open two and we have an open line on a green line 1-800-944-9463 You know I've come to the conclusion after Monday that was just that was an aberration that will never happen again So I just say screw the women and Most of the people George is nodding this head right now most of the people saying all right, so just screw them Here's a parkland hello And ill yes, sir. Here's my problem with the Roberto Allen our situation. Yes Players managers and unparers of an screaming obscenities at each other and arguing for the last 125 years and squirting tobacco choosing the feathers face. Yeah, they They scream the sucker word and the mother effer word left or white right. I mean they Unpires here from the players and managers all the time Yeah, what happened first of all was a terrible call the pictures away outside right Walked to the dugout apparently to with some more stuff said from the dugout and the young pirate turned around and threw him out right now Allamar and Johnson came running out you can read all of ours. Allamar's lips. He's like saying for what for what like I'm out of the way Right, David Johnson tried to separate the two and He was you know, I'm surprised you have it is kids skin kept fall off his body and we couldn't be very effective But I'm saying that if if her speck who by the way I don't know that much about him I don't he doesn't have a reputation like that pain in the ass Joe West or oh He'll her nandes. Yeah, I West angel her nandes got Andre Dawson tossed out of a game this year early right beating I remember that these guys are baiting on pires all right. Hershpag. I don't know that he is So I'm saying if he said something that derogatory to Alamar Whether it be a racist comment or you know anything really that bad Johnson was right there Don't you think John should be jumping up and down screaming in defense of Alamar that You know he was justified in spitting in this guy's face I mean I don't know that I've ever seen any umpire any manager or player spit in a face before yeah And if he supposedly did say something that derogatory debate him Johnson certainly would have heard it because he was right there Yeah, and I haven't heard him react at all as far as in defense of Alamar You know saying that he was justified in spitting so he's not gonna say he was justified in spitting. He's not gonna say that I'm not saying he was justified. I never said that I'm saying that they were both wrong and that the thing with the umpires for Simitating these these things is not acceptable Yeah, they had these guys have to be on equal footing. I mean the umpires got to be in control to a point But the players also have to have some recourse if the umpires are gonna you know Keep taught them and baiting them right and like I told the other guy you know in a hockey game Once the last time he had somebody complain that somebody spit in their face Not I I will agree with that. I just don't I mean umpires again have dated players before I mean a P I've never again I've never seen anybody spit in an up higher space before No, I haven't either but but let me let me ask you something like Zimmer and in the old days Any stanky and derosher and all these guys a lot of music to choke to tobacco right don't you think that these guys were like You know spurtin like tobacco juice. I mean his screaming and yelling This thing about I think the most interesting thing about this whole thing is the way that people interpret spitting in some a man Spitting in another man's face and To me I mean you know, maybe because I look at it from a different perspective, but You know, is that the end of the world? That's pretty disgusting, don't you know it's just just nasty That's what Berkter Howard said That's what Berkter Howard said at the end of the hit your and Unfortunately it happened just you know the thing is if this was still a regular season if you were midway through the season Maybe I'll might be sat down for ten or twelve games right that would be it But you know if he's stupid enough to do this on the eve of his team making the playoff Yeah, and it's the Spencer should go into effect now So in other words you think that in the in the middle of a heated argument like that Somebody is thinking that clearly that well We're going to the playoffs. I better not do I mean I'd obviously happened just spontaneously he lost it. I mean he just went ballistic for whatever reason Which doesn't make it right, but it also doesn't make right whatever precipitated it Well didn't P Rose get 40 games several years back with the date. Pull on that he pushed yeah It was okay, and oh yeah, and in Plohn's book he'll he goes on to tell you how I mean he really He came down on Rose. I mean if Rose was safe by five feet. He was out right He would tell you a lot about the son of a bitch on pirates that were out there That's right So again the young pirates and I blame it, but I think this just this is the first time And I I think it's pretty disgusting, but I You know if we can debate it and all right, just say goodbye to Jay Randolph. That's all I say and a couple of points concerning that yes Joe Angel He's okay The thing that bothers me is he'll be he'll be broadcasting the game be speaking perfect unbroken English And then you know there's a ground ball to area those over the first to call when he's out that brings up I don't know about it though. I don't know Hey, I mean he did try I'm that's part of this stick again, and that's the thing I don't like about Joe I I still say he's the most frustrating broadcast driver ever heard because he could be great But he wants to be John Miller. He wants to be a comedian. He's a John Miller clone. Yeah, and the affected tone in his voice Right, Marlin's wins. So say you know I just I'm not into fake excitement I've been listening to baseball for forty some years now and I never remember any announces doing fake excitement I mean either it's exciting or it's not There's a lot to be set for fake excitement sometimes. Yeah, but on a ball game and closing yes H3A in the Sun Sentinel. I'm sure you have it nearby. Yes, I do call it called yesterday about the angels The California Angels kicking people off a plane to plane had to turn around and pick up the angels right that passengers grounded by angels Onsway your Lercro West flight 542 that's some and then go to the bottom of the page bottom left Honor students suspended. Yeah 13 year old honor student borrowed some might off from a friend with suspended for ten days in order to undergo a drug evaluation For a barring might all Erica Taylor never even used the over-the-counter pills which are taken over the eb cramps headaches Now the symptoms but she was in possession of might all thank God she had that not a gun or is it the other way around I would have the same town at that six year old got suspended for kissing the girl on the cheap there you go have a great day Pire Neil see ya now who the hell could this be? Good morning I don't stand you looking for me. Yeah, we're looking for your rimmer David Neil said he came into the rink he says you better call and he always been talking about you for the last half hour Yeah, so I haven't been walking about you. I've been wondering if I'm been querying minds would like to know Yeah, I'll about this sports channel business and there are a lot of people getting real nervous Now I did have a call a couple of minutes ago from a guy who called sports channel I remember you introduced me at the game to the guy from sports channel vice president General manager Rich Bradley right and he you said He loves me and he appreciates all the publicity I've given him and the game is being on sports channel. Well, that's great But at the same time, you know, I would see unlike some people in this business I'm a credibility is important to me if I'm ever going to like have an income credibility is important So I don't like coming on here and giving out information and then finding that well Maybe it's true and maybe it's not so I'm trying to get to story behind the story as when Saturday comes Where is this sports channel gonna be and who's gonna get it? Well, he was I said the last time I was in your studio that Continental a Delphi Comcast and Jones will all be on the system By Saturday and talk to Rich Bradley this morning and by the way Have George check the fax machine. He is faxing over a letter that was written by an attorney that deals with his whole TCI sports channel situation But anyway, you got that I got a copy of it. Okay. That's quick. Yeah, no, no yesterday I got it from somebody else. Okay, so Tom thanks, but I'm way ahead of them all right Well anyway Rich Bradley tells me this morning that all For those systems and 405 overall here in South Florida will be up and operating one of the systems has already Started carrying sports channel and I don't know which one of the forward is but they'll all be up by midnight Friday Saturday morning right and as far as direct TV is concerned and I and I quizzed him on that this morning as well He's very optimistic that they'll be a deal with direct TV now the problem is and you know better than anybody is They've got to find a channel for sports channel So the direct TV people are working on it right now and the hope is they will have it up by Saturday But there is a chance they won't be able to get that done by Saturday But it might be early next week before sports channels on direct TV But the bottom line is that everybody will be on board except for TCI yeah So TCI is doing the job well, I mean I think everybody knows and you've talked about it at length here over the last several weeks And that is that TCI is a majority owner of Sunshine Network. They also manage the network and what they're doing basically is punishing the sports fans here in South Florida And they're not punishing sports channel, which I guess is the get-tap here, but they're really punishing their own customers and consumers Okay, so anything else new river Anything else new yeah not to my knowledge yeah not to my knowledge giving you that opportunity I'm giving you that window of opportunity now to lay on us anything you'd like well, I I think I've got to do it face to face Face to face with who? What are you I run later on this week? Well, a pretty good idea what's going on yeah, and Which what what does that mean? I'll be in a better position to and be more prepared to talk You know what I'm talking about yeah, yeah Yeah, so Limba saw that we do know that Limba'll start Monday on WI and Z we do know that yeah I heard that this morning listening to your show right on my way here to the prime It's written a herald so it must be true and it wasn't written by Barry Jackson So there's a chance it might be accurate and wasn't fed by somebody that's trying to misinform him Well, I don't know what what the story is there, but yeah, yeah All I can say at this point in race Shepherd out for one to three weeks with a separated shoulder Which I'm really upset to you about that well not as upset as Doug McLean is I mean after all the panthers open up Saturday here and they're looking to increase the scoring from last year and starting the season with race Shepherd But he was hurt and Hamilton last week and it's really a case of how much pain ray can play with If you remember in the playoffs He separated his other shoulder and was expected to miss two or three weeks and was back in a couple of games and it's all a pain threshold thing with Ray He was here early on this morning getting treatment and he wants to play is really as possible Definitely out this weekend knowing Ray I wouldn't be surprised to see him try to make an attempt to play next Tuesday in the home opener But barring that certainly by the end of next week. I heard Chris Draper said that he wishes Clouded me would have spittness face instead. Yeah, I bet yeah I bet and listen If you look at the video I'd love to talk about my orials. Yeah, if you'd look at the video You can see the Empire her speck bating Alamar right I mean you could just see it There's obviously some explosives that went back and forth and you can't read Her speck slips but you get the idea looking at Alamar that her speck was baiting him And as you know, I cover the American League for 10 years in Baltimore with the orials and I saw on a regular base A basis in fact one of the empires their Shylock who's working that American League championship series or preliminary series divisional series a Shylock is in Baltimore He's one of the worst guys at bating players. Yeah, and Alamar is not and I know Roberto Alamar very well From covering the blue jazin the orials and all those years Roberto Alamar's not a hothead He's a very low key individual and he just snapped now there was some problems previously with the two But I agree with you wholeheartedly that while the act was not right I mean obviously Alamar something snapped there and something had to be set between the two They'll be a hearing obviously later on this week and I would think that part of this suspension may come later on in a series But it'll be a mood point of Baltimore wins again today and like I said cloud Lemugues two games for nearly killing a guy in the people all over the America are like up and arms about Roberto Alamar. I find work livable By the way, I've seen worse on a baseball diamond. I've seen her a weaver lose it with umpires before and yeah Maybe get a one or two game suspension or slap on the wrist Roberto Alamar's a classy player Maybe not classy in this situation and something should happen But the umpires have got to be dealt with too You know better than anybody watching all these sports. I mean how many times have you seen officials in the NHL at times? Bait players Paul Stewart is over famous for it ball Stewart is the worst. Okay. Got a go-romer All right by sea later five. Okay There's the latest poop on sports channel. We have an open line and day. We got two and Howard five two four nine four six three one on a green line 1144 at Wild D Lorenzo's in North Miami Beach on the corner of 163rd and Dixie Highway and bed and bobs in the Indian train shopping center In Western they continue the big 45th anniversary sale. Let's go and on as I speak and we'll continue going on right through to the second Annual of Terrell Italian Heritage Festival November 1 through 3rd So right now at Lorenzo's prime rib wheel chops are 899 a pound leg vehicle Let's 1099 a pound try the Peter Luger steak sauce the best in the world trust me only for 99 This Thursday through Saturday fresh red snapper philase are only 899 a pound delicious fresh poached salmon with Dilsaw's 1099 a pound Imported pursuit those 699 for half pound and just arrived at Lorenzo's post a grill homemade California red wine A 1.5 liter bottle 699 over at Ben and bobs in Western pick up Florida juice oranges eight for a buck and you'll find lots of great seafood at Ben and Bob's two oven ready flounder 399 a pound swordfish takes 999 a pound farmer's main muscles 99 cents a pound It's the big one and a continues right now the 45th anniversary sale at Lorenzo's Italian center in North Miami Beach and Ben and bobs fresh seafood and produce in Western Where the hell the soap asshole 10 48 a WLD so George commits the ultimate Snapped today. He orders food from raised up the street and doesn't of course acts and I see the young lady come in here And bring him a big bunch of free crap and so now he's another one on a power trip just like John Hirschbeck. It's Wednesday Just like John Hirschbeck George Exactly There you go You and Rutger how are you? Not going to mommy's today. I'm not going to mommy's. I'm not going to move to go to mommy's okay. I've had enough of a cycle therapy for one week another So rumor continues killing our people in Broward. I guess they don't mind of anywhere else, but Broward they hate him I Had like every line on his board that all morning not just now, but all morning He comes on here with some kind of man-be-band-be information there and like Broward you can watch them and dropping off like they're having a rumor attack God five two four nine four six three five two four Wild the coast is clear, okay? Here's a mobile in the gable. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing today, Mr. New York? Okay? Why do I make a comment about the runner-unshow and the changes you guys had? Yes, sir? Okay, first on and run. I mean between that and Rick and Sud. I see no difference. They're both about the same entertainment to me in the morning Maybe because I'm not that walking up. Yeah, and So maybe you're just easy There you go. I'm easy going, but I'm telling you Rick and Sud any afternoon You're definitely right. They're much more energetic. It's a toy like me I wrote a little bit of a week. I told you that I told you that was gonna be better than you after No, they're not of their morning show was trust me. All right. Yeah, I mean even even more six-skinned and after And he's even got a sense of you didn't get mad at all the time just wait As far as as far as rumors. Yeah, I like rambling everything, but it just seems that the only way the man has A pair of bottles is when he's with you on the show You need to guess the hold your hand for him to get pissed off When did he ever get pissed off on issue? I've given him every opportunity. I've encouraged him to strike back and George Just made a good comment during the break the one thing the people in this market our condition to is People with balls they if they perceive that somebody is like a weaselon around if they perceive that somebody doesn't have the co-horns to come on And tell a like it is or strike back and defend themselves They they don't respect that they they get very nervous about that they don't like being weasel around Hey, cuz he really does his job. I mean he does a lot of research and he does his job real good I mean you just got a stand up that we'll be I mean the first thing go, but I mean a guy And a jerk. Yeah, and I mean I guy just I mean he just screams a lot And you know he thinks he knows a lot. I mean you know something I mean I think rumor if he had the chance he could win the way he researched stuff He could do a lot better job, but I mean he got up with your man I mean and he I mean he just can't be holding your hand. I told us man that every day when he calls seven eight ten times a day When I'm in home I've told him that eight million times you got to grow a period you got to boat you up You got us to come for yourself. I can't fight in the whole world's battles for me You know, I mean I made a bad mistake. I think yesterday by trying to fight his battle for my just give him another opportunity here And well maybe by later in the week they'll start growing he took some more medication He's ho he's checking every a few minutes see if there's any fuzzy right thing growing and if anything happens He might come on here and grow up here Hey, you all that you guys going going with your show and enjoy listening to every day. Have a great day Oh one thing more see one thing I do like about you. Yeah My favorite thing I loved the way you get worked up to a friend you know, I'll have a son You'll just change stones and do your promo like nothing that was you were like you weren't even in Mad there you go I love it. Have a great life. He must have seen that check. I got for one day We have an open line in day now. Let's not go through this again because we've had a stellar morning here today I mean yesterday was one of the were assertely. I can't I couldn't get over yesterday Couldn't get over yesterday even as long as I've been on here in this market I couldn't get over the indifference especially after Monday after the tremendous the women The men the old the young the in between the phenomenal response and then yesterday Man it was like we could have brought up every topic that's ever been in the history mankind serious light idiotic moronic and it made no difference and If you guys are gonna play that game again today, it's gonna be I think the two-hour show sounds good to me two hours is plenty Two-up lines in Broward. Let's go here five two four nine four six to be if Rick Raleigh can get phone calls Then god will in those I should don't take that personal Rick How about we start giving out numbers Five two four nine four six three and Broward and we have an open line on the green line And what are we gonna do about some food in here? What are we gonna get in here for a poor starving old you what? Crystal come back you want your weenies? I don't want no weenies. Okay. I got enough weenies out there five two four Wild come on. Let's check. Let's see if we can get those going. I love that here in the beginning of Rick yesterday Let's check and see if we can get all these people checking in here come on five two four We're putting the clock to it Okay Like I said two-hour sounds real good to me