I saw he said it would say. Take it up your ass. Lobito, bido! Oh, babe, I said a poppin' now. Scores, gors. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I said, let bido, bido! Oh, babe, I said let pop some now. A fine little pill from all the way. Can help you, six. That's what they say from the egg of a chicken. It goes clock clock. No yolk, it's a pill it really makes you pluck. Bido, bido! Oh, babe, I said a way I could. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said let bido, bido. Oh, babe, I said let pop it now. Oh, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe. Every night at 10, you lay like a handle. Take up pills. Then do it again. I can smell his fly and after, dgx. And you get used to feathers in the sack. Lobito, bido! Oh, babe, I said a poppin' now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Still, let bido, bido. Oh, babe, I said let pop some now. Oh, yeah, let's give it to the right now. Kind of way to WOD. Happy Tuesday to be in absolutely incoherent, okay? I'm going to tell you right now, and I've put it this before sugar kills. Sugar kills. I'm going to ban sugar from my house, okay? The next time I find any product that has sugar in that house inside the household, there's going to be a gigantic bonfire. I come into the morning and go down the coast. We don't have any water. You notice how since this sail thing has been announced, everything is like fallen apart. Have you noticed that? I can't even get my goddamn Italian program for my computer. How do you like that? And even if you were any kind of a friend you'd be over here with it right now, okay? I'll be more than glad to pay for it. I'll be more than happy to give you like a tip for delivering it. I want it now. I go into two computer joints yesterday. They got programs for Spanish. I don't want to learn no espanol, okay? I know Mamala, opinion, colata. I know all that crap. And by the way, we just had the new sponsor come in. I met with his name was Marty Cohen. Speaking of espanol, seriously. So anyway, so they got French and a German and they even got Japanese. Okay, now who in their right mind? How could you possibly learn to speak Japanese? Take a long time. Can you imagine that? I mean, one thing about like, I mean, if you got a half a brain, like Italian, I can read it. I can read it and actually make it sound like I know what I'm talking about. Because it's not all that hard once you start, you know, with the z's and the different letters that are prevalent. You can read it. I haven't got any idea what most of it means. But Japanese, you can't even read it much less speak it. How to help with anybody who's like an American, learn Japanese. Better do it quick though. Yeah, right, like right now. While you're sitting there watching your Sony. But so I would have thought that Italian program would be very commonplace. Okay. And I got to come on here today and beg about that. We got no water anymore because we fall into the cracks on that. So I come in this morning and I go out of the machine, diet coke sold out. So I punch up the lip to nice teeth. Since in that particular machine, there's nothing else that I would even take a touch. And assuming, of course, that this is either got nutrients weed or it's got like, you know, just plain, right? My head is pounding like an idiot. Like somebody's got an anvil inside my head and is just banging away from the inside out. This thing, this one little can. It's a size of a, your, your, your soda can, a coke can. I look on a label now that I've said here and drank the damn thing in my head is just just shrieking total carbohydrate 33 grams. How do you like that? I look on a list of ingredients, water, high fructose, corn syrup, syrup and or sugar, instant headache pill. I mean, this stuff, seriously, it's a killer. This, and a government is worried about our health. They're worried about smoking cigarettes and stuff. Give me a stick in break. So I rest my case on that. So what are we going to do about the water? See, we better start grabbing a whole bunch of stuff for free. I leave. In the next few days. Yes, Sal, come on, Sal. I'm going to have to go out there and buy a whole bunch of that sand pellet grid. You know, I like that water. It's pretty damn good. I really do. I love that. Plus, you know, everywhere you go in Italy, they got that. They've also got a bunch of other stuff that you can't buy here. Different brand names. You know, they're like really good stuff. But man, sugar, I'm going to tell you. And so anyway, the old for thing, I was taking an apple in day last week and probably was one of the days after we had our big announcement here, which I'm going to be taking a lot of nap. So I can see that very, most of me between 10 and two. And the phone rings and it's the fat man. It's fat rich. If it's not rumored, it's the fat man. Every time I hit his under pillow, every time I think I'm going to adjust a little bit of the rest, there is that goddamn phone again. I can understand if the phone rings, it's something worthwhile. Something you might want to hear about. Oh, Oprah's got the Dr. Rattkins on. I thought you might want to know. Why do I want to know that? I wouldn't watch that fat cow Oprah if you paid me by the second. Why not? What I watched that? First of all, talk about getting a headache. Just watching the pastel backgrounds on it show that alone. Forget about the fact he's on here. Look at like the bossy, the cow. Forget about that. But just looking at those silly pastel backgrounds, you know, that's supposed to put you in the right mood for all the syrup that they give you on that show. And evidently, maybe we got some listeners out there that saw that she had some stupid nutritionist bitch on here, reaming Dr. Rattkins out and Oprah and the audience joined in trying to assassinate the man on the ear and say that he's full of crap, which thousands of us know that he's not. And I'm telling you right here that if the government cared about your health, they'd be doing something about this, especially all this below and about low fat, low fat, take your low fat and stuff it. Sugar and starch carbohydrates are killers. And anybody who denies that including that bitch Oprah should be shot right on the spot. Right there on national TV, the doctor Rattkins should have pulled out a piece, just like Brad Pitt didn't even say. He should have held it like, you know, on an angle like this and said, okay, I can't take it anymore Oprah, but I'm being that said, you dumb bitch. I mean, this girl I just called me for the news here on Rick and Suds that was almost in tears thanking me for saving her father's life by introducing him to the Atkins Diet. All these type two diabetics out there. They're like shooting themselves up with insulin up the ass, morning noon and night. All these people taking these glionase and all these other oral medications for diabetes, killing themselves. And while I should be on a way to damn Pittsburgh for the big game tonight, I'm sitting here drinking iced tea with sugar up the ass. And my head is just pounding like the hunchback of Notre Dame is in there with the animal banging and banging and hooking away in there. So what did South say the water guy? I think we're going to make him an offer we can't refuse, okay? 10 14 at Wild. Happy Tuesday to it. The Red Wings are hanging on by the way last night. They finally woke up. The Russians got the wake up call. Somebody made him an offer. They can't refuse. So there's still a live, which is good because regardless, we want to see that series go seven games, right? Of course we do. We want to see whoever survives in Etsy. We just in case we might win ours, which we're hoping we do. We want to see somebody survive in air like after a bloody nasty seven game tough series and get all beat up so we can go in there and beat the crap out of them. So that's going Red Wings. It was okay. It was actually almost kind of an exciting game for them. 10 14 at Wild. 10 17 at Wild. So when she leaving. So the rumors are now. We might as well start to tell all these rumors on the air since they'll be all over town anyway. R and R, which is radio and records the Bible, the publication that guys who were looking for jobs evidently. And of course Mark Hoffman was looking in there because he unceremoniously got fired the other day here, but it's still working because somebody else's on vacation or whatever that's all about. Yeah, he was he the first one. He could always write that in his memoirs. I was the first one to get the ax after they announced the sale of the station. So anyway, he's needless to say been thumbing through it and R and R as well. And the rumor is, let's see, I'm going to be doing mid days on Zeta following Paul Castro Nova in the morning and Rick and Sads are going to be doing mornings on she and the cow is in the kettle and the cats up your ass and that's the rumor from our narrow. See, I have a feeling there's going to be a lot of stories and a lot of rumors and a lot of lies and a lot of half truths and a lot of BS going down these next three or four months, which makes it comforting to know you know, because that's in nature of the business. Here's our first call of the morning from Davy. Really quick, Neil. Yes, sir. On the Eckensan. You have a little book. Well, after the good book, but the back of this is all the carbohydrates, the content. I shrink it and I have it in my pocket with me. Right. It's less than a month. It shrunk. Mine too. I went to McDonald's at my girlfriend in order to quarter pounder with only mayonnaise and it took off the bread. Manez. Yeah. Oh, how guayashaman mayonnaise mayonnaise and a little cheese and and I looked in the back of the thing. This is quarter pounder with cheese. 33 grams. Now is that with the bread? Of course. Okay, so it's fine without the bread. I can't tell you how much it is, but the overwhelming maturity of the carbohydrates is in the bread, of course. I did a good job, then I took off the bread. Right. All right. Thank you for the cut for the meal. If you go to, I don't know if you like Wendy's, but if you go to Wendy's, they will give you the, when you go to the drive-through, for example, you order like double cheese burger with bacon or something, just without the bun. Really? Yeah, no wrap it that way for you. So don't have to worry about it. You know, so that you don't have to feel guilty about it, because somebody's starving and you're throwing away the bun, you know. Okay, that's awesome, then. Okay. All right, thanks, buddy. You bet. Yeah, that's the way to do it. So you don't want to get started heavy duty on the atkins again all the way. Actually, I do because, you know, because it takes my mind off this place. No, seriously, what are we going to do about that Italian program? I would like to find out from, if there's really, if those things work first of all, I don't mind spending the money and then letting it sit around. Because I bought the CD and cassette thing a couple of years ago, the Italian thing. And then of course, you listen to that for about 10 minutes and then you put it in a broom closet and it sits there, like a lot of other crap. It's really neat and interesting in the beginning, but you never use it. And I don't know that anybody is ever going to learn any foreign language from those things. Now, as far as the computer program will be kind of interesting to find out of those things work if anybody out there's ever used them. And that if you can learn to speak, I'm not talking about this textbook stuff. See, when I went to high school, they taught us Spanish out of a book. Now they teach you conversational foreign language, it's like, because learning language out of a book, in other words, to be able to read it, but not to speak it, are two different things because people don't speak Buenos dias, comos, esta oi. See, you know, like one word at a time, but like that, they go like that. That's it. And you better than we'll be able to speak it or it's like useless. Okay, you better be able to speak it. Is in on a freeway. So I don't, you know, I can't really. I mean, I can pick up a little bit here in there, certainly more esponial than Italian. But unless you get conversational language, you might as well forget it all together. Here's a Fort Lottodale. Hello. Krenitua, Nielsaan. Oh, how are you, Nielsaan? Okay. Yeah, so you were talking about learning Japanese. Oh. And did you learn it? Well, sort of, I've been trying to teach it to myself over the years. And how do you, how do you teach it to yourself? How do you know what those symbols are? That's the first step you learn of. At least with other, most other languages other than the Oriental languages, they use the same letters that we do. So I started with the Eastern European like Russian and those and Polish and Oriental languages. They don't even use the same letters. They're like all these weird symbols. Russian isn't that hard. I mean, my head a couple of years of Russian. And in it. And it's a fast bit you. Ah, yaha chupiva. Yeah, yaha chupiva. Yeah, yaha chupiva. Yeah, yaha chupiva. Yeah, yaha chupiva. It's fast. See, but so I know like 10 words, you know, big deal. Yeah, and and the relic does a good job of making putting Russian in the print. But we're getting back to Japanese. If you can you can remember two sets of 48 characters, can't you? Hello. Two sets of 48 characters. Yes, they have two two alphabet. That's actual actually. Oh, yeah. So that's 96. But you use one at a time in that. And one of them, they use all the foreign words in that. And so you can just being able to read those 48. When set of characters, you can learn. They use a lot of our words. So there were a lot of foreign words to them. Come on, so DJ and Japanese do Spag. God, yoh, do shu, buggle. Uh-huh. And do. Transliterated pretty easily. I don't know if Japanese use it the same. Use it the same way. See, if I, if I were like in a situation where a force to try to, you know, communicate with the Japanese, I would just say, look, cut the crap speaking. Wish, remember the bomb, you know, something like that. Something subtle that would kind of like, uh, yeah, but I want to. In places like why were they on half of it? Yeah. Everybody speaks English and Hawaii, though. Yeah. You don't, you don't feel like it. And what language do they speak, brother? Oh, Hawaii. The Hawaiians, the native Hawaiians, boy, they speak, like a gutter world. I don't know what their whole ad is, but they speak something really weird. I was watching a little bit of that surfer movie North Shore again the other day, because everybody was running around naked. And, uh, boy, those native Hawaiians, they speak like, uh, I don't know even what you'd call it. Say, kuhuna. Yeah, they said they go to it. And, uh, I said, oh, yeah, look at this, Robbie Young. And wiki wiki. Oh, those great white wiki. Yeah. And, um, in fact, they have a lot of words with my, my is, uh, where they have. Have they just say things twice, right? Yeah. Like, come on. I want to lay a stuff like that. And, uh, lack of no fee. Yeah. OK, pal. They've great talking to a great linguist like yourself. Sure. I'll read your search. OK, the Broward lines are all open. I can see this is going to be a bit of a battle today again, because it's the day after a holiday weekend. Uh, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, W-I-O-D, and we have two open lines on the green lines. So Steve Ziggler is in there. Now I guess we're all through here in all his stories. I guess we won't be hearing any more of those. Although, there's still, you know, some possibilities now. I guess if you read R and R, yeah, you better watch it. You better watch yourself, because we got some new rumors that we're going to start spreading today. And he'll do in mid days on Zader, Rick and Suds, who do in mornings on she. And, uh, Joyce Coppons going to be doing afternoon drive on I-O-D and, uh, the cats in the kettle, like I said. Here's the West Palm on the purple line. Hello. Neil, how's going? OK. I came down a side, just Friday night of the game. Yeah. The side I said I'd even pour the warm up there. Right. But, uh, you want the game Sunday, right? Yes, I did. Was it crowded as into it as a Friday? Yes, they were. OK. Because I didn't make it there. Well, I mean, it's hard to be quite as much into what when you were in an early score one goal, but the crowd was great. That's true. So you can hear the towels again on, uh, as opposed to those flags. You know, the flags they gave out on Friday were, uh, two big, the blue ones, you know? Two big. Yeah. Why? They just were. I mean, first of all, the dark blue, you couldn't even see them. And secondly, and finally, most people want to just make it a lot of noise clanging them against the back of the seats instead of waving them. Yeah. The towels are perfect. They did the towels again on Sunday. That's the perfect thing to give the fans. Oh, but did you see all those cars that had the flags when he looked at the stadium or you got on the. Yeah, no, that's that's great. But I'm talking about for inside the arena. Yeah. We did that too. You stick inside your window. But, you know, something even the original, the smaller flags, the white ones were better for sticking in your window. Because the blue ones are too big. And they like bad around in the wind, you know, they're all over the place. But we made a hell of a lot of pride when she was stuff like that. We made a heck of a lot of noise with those things of Friday. Right. The whole third period. Friday was great. Friday was a night to remember for all time and it's down. It looked like you had a good time when Jody came down and say, I think, I guess I did. And then, you know, when his wife came over, I said, you know, dammit. I forgot I was supposed to get that kiss. But I guess, you know, next time. Yeah, you were any dolphin coaches there, Friday? A bigger part. Was Jimmy or the brains come there, Friday? No. You know, something there is a guy. There is an assistant coach. And I don't know if he's an assistant coach or what his title is. You've, have you ever been to a dolphin games? No, not a long time. Well, there's a guy that stands on the sideline. He's an older guy at saying his 60s who's like bald. That's who's the next one. And he's been there the last couple of games. And I know he's on the, I don't know what he does with the dolphins. But I know he's always, I don't know if he's the team physician or what the guy is. Somebody in the audience will know who I'm talking about. And he was there in that spot. So, you know, that didn't hurt. Yeah, that's that Friday night game when we were walking out stadium with every chair. And stuff that was the best hockey I've ever been to. It was great. The same thing we couldn't get through the same thing. They're pretty Sunday. Well, hey, listen, you know, you can't, the role wasn't built in the day, man. You got to take a one-way to the time. We're in great shape. Now, we're, huh? This, this season already. I just can't ask for any more. Exactly. We're better shaped than the red wings are. They won last night. And they're still got their eyes to the wall. He still got a win on Thursday on Wednesday. He's just simple. My wife didn't give me trouble all season going to the games, right? And she kind of said, oh, man, I got to play off an all man. I keep going. I came home Friday night and she's sitting there telling me, man, did you see the work? It's three teeth knocked out and she's getting knocked out. Yeah, see these other guys. What have I told you for years about these pussy's football players and baseball players? All I got to do is get a hang nail in there on the bench. Here's a kid. 18 years old, it gets three teeth knocked out in the first period. He goes and he gets stitched up. You know, we're, we're, we're, we're in his mouth a little bit. He comes back and plays himself a great game. Man gets a gold atop at all off. That takes some, some ball of the time. Exactly. Okay, man. Hey, see this. Like even a man, which said these are the real men. That's right. Okay, pal. There. See you. Let's kick ass tonight. We have an open line boy. I should have gone to Pittsburgh. You know, because it's obvious it's going to be useless here today. Open line on the purple line. Mobile one cell, 18 T wireless pound IOD, Broward Zippity due to baby, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, WIOD. We got a dead bank, they're in Broward. We got three dead cavernous lines sitting there staring back at me. And we got two on the green lines in Palm Beach, but that's the expected 1-800-9-44. Oh, Jesus. Here's Richmond Heights. Hello. Richmond Heights. Now, how can that be? Have we ever, like, once every five years, we get a call from Richmond Heights? No. Yes, sir. Sorry, I was shaving. Okay. Firefly for you. Yeah. Sunday, sports, paint, can bow can't. Kim, bow can't for you. I have my radio set out. IOD, so woke up. He started the show by saying, just once they, I know why Neil says I shouldn't be here. I better things do much any morning, but I'm here anyway, so we're going to do this any more sports base. Yeah. He was ripping me on Saturday, too. I didn't hear it, but I got my spy reports. That's okay. He does not belong. He's a good guy, but he's not a broadcaster, and especially at the time when we got all his hockey going on to have all these ex football players on the air, pretending they know something about it, they don't. They know nothing about it. How can you fake your way through it when you don't know anything about it? You didn't use sports clubs? They would be like, my being on there talking about Parti'sie. I don't know anything about it. You didn't use sports clubs, didn't you, didn't you? No. Man with said, the strategic move of the series was Ed John Stone, who's at a bad time three of the four games. John Stone, yeah. Keeping barato and instead of bringing the wiggle at Guy and Regget, yeah. All right. He's done with the strategic move of the series and up Pittsburgh has the advantage. Oh, yeah, great. Well, I'm real happy that the expert is spoken great. OK. Thanks. Good. Nice. OK. Kicking butt tonight. All right. Four three. Two open lines in date. Seven five one nine four six three seven five one Wiod. We have two open lines on the blue lines in Broward. Same very slowly. The yellow case your head starts to come back into shape. Five two four nine four six three five two four. I guess nobody in a Saudi and saw that Oprah show with the nutritionist whoever was on here. Give us any information about that. The doctor was on air. Dr. Rackens, I guess nobody saw that. I guess nobody has ever bought one of those learn language on a computer program things so they can fill me in on that as to whether it's another wasted time. We're actually learned something except for the guy who's turning Japanese. 10 30 a Wiod. Like I said, where's the plane to Pittsburgh? OK, where's buddy bud sent to the private jet over here. OK, give me out of here. Will you please put me on a private jet and take me up there to do something useful? Which is the same. He puffed those highways. We have an open line in date. Seven five one by the way. Our friends at Little Dragon, dance were in costume castle. 84 15 pines Boulevard and Pembroke Pines want another free plug. They still have rats for sale. Don't forget we got the big game Thursday. So everybody's going to replenish their supply of rats. I would assume and it says for you listeners who are Panther fans. We've not run out of rats. We keep new shipments coming in every week. Please let those interested know that dragons and costume and dance were 84 15 pines Boulevard Pembroke Pines and Block West University has hundreds of rats. That's just waiting to have the chance to be hold under the ice. So they got all the rats and got rats up the yes over there. OK, so go over replenish your supply. Here's the West Testier. Hello. Hello. OK. Thank you for the rat that received in the mail on 30. Welcome, congratulations to you just in time for Thursday. Yep, that's right. I tried to get tickets, but man, it was vicious. Now you can just stand outside the arena and throw it into the hang. I'll throw it at the TV. Throw it at the homer. Oh. And have you gotten my little mini poster of Felix Poppani? Yes, I thank you so much. I got it yesterday. Oh, OK. I mentioned it on the years. It matter. In fact, you were probably busy eating weanies or something. I was probably able to work unfortunately yesterday. Really? Yes. So there's at least somebody else out there had to work on the Royal Day. He's besides us. Yep. I got screwed. Well, welcome, congratulations. All right. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot, Pal. I love it. Right. We have two open lines in dates. 751, WOD. Just take it slow. Neil, just relax before you know it'll be 1036. 751, 9463. We've got a couple of openings in Broward. Now this is more like usual today. This is more like the old times. No matter what it is, I've thrown out 722 different things. There might be two of our guns about here today. But they don't want to play the game. OK, it's just one of those things. Here's Poppano. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I saw the Oprah thing on Friday. Yeah. They attacked that man on mercifully. Well, how come? You see, what I don't understand is how come all of these people on our audience whose lives they could owe to Dr. Rackens are calling in and ripping at Oprah bitch and whoever the hell it was she had on there. I don't get it. Oh, and that woman was awful. But the patient is my ass. You don't know who was in the audience. So when you're close personal friends, which was that who he jumped up and came to Dr. Acton's rescue. Who's that? Do you have your finger on the old button? Yeah. Bob Lincoln. Oh. All right. You know, Fabric told me that and I had forgotten that I blocked it out of my mind. Talk about a man who's muscling in on stuff. You know, he ran that cruise, you know, the doctor. Everything that I do on his show, Bob Lincoln. It's not enough that he bought you those tears with Vegas and everything. Now he's doing, you know, he's muscling in on the Atkins thing. What the hell? How does he relate himself to the Atkins thing? Well, the woman was asking, how can you survive on 20 grams of carbohydrates a day? And he pumped up that he's 57 years old and he does jet skiing and he does all kinds of physical activity. Yeah. And she said, are you sure on 20 grams a day? Yeah. And he says, yes, I am. What the hell was he doing there? I have no idea. Maybe part of the audience from his cruise went to support the Atkins. Oh, Jesus. I can inform her. Oh, God Almighty. I could write a book. That's another part of the Cox broadcasting chapter of my life. Those two years with those two trips to Vegas with Bob Lincoln and his outfit here. I know I was on one of them. I was in there. I'm practically on my knees and tears in Bob Green's office that first year begging, please, somebody help me. Somebody throw me a life raft. Give me some support. I might as well have been talking to my miniature pincher. Anyway, I couldn't believe who I was seeing with his little insignia, his VIP link on the deck. Oh, Jesus. If I wasn't sick enough from all that sugar in the ice tea, now I'm reading on my hands and he's I'm puking all over the place. Have a wonderful day. Thanks for doing it for me. Okay. Thanks a lot. That guy made my day. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. We got two on the green lines, 1 800. I mean, it just some people out there. Everything you do. Every fart that you cut. They want a muscle in on it. They want to take credit for the aroma. They have to have a pretend they got something to do with it. What in God's name does Bob Lincoln have to do with the Atkins die that I would like to know and with this radio show? Here's Hylia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Nio. Could you please have a panther for me? I got my buddies over here and they haven't heard of yet. Do you? Yeah. And what's the story with that? Is that gonna be their song or how's that working? I don't know. You probably have panther panther panther panther panther panther panther panther panther. What's my opinion of what? The song. Because everybody who I know is that it's heard it sounds so pretty good. Yeah, it's pretty good. That's my panther's pretty good. It's okay. Okay, Mickey, plan for us. We'll work on it. Thanks, man. Okay. Get out of here, man. Two open lines of dates, 751. Talk about a one dimensional group of people out there, man. I'm not wasted my whole day again on the panther's today. I'm all excited about the game tonight. There wasn't any game last night. We're not doing another hockey show today. There's other things that we talk about on this show once in a blue moon. Okay. Not going to sit here playing the same stuff day after day after day. I'd like to find a few people out there just a handful who've got something else to say besides it wears my free rat, wears my tickets to the game. Fill by the way, we'll be giving out more tickets for Thursday's game this afternoon. I'm sure that. Open line in date 751 9463 751 WIOD. Here you go. Here's a dear field on the purple line. Hello. Good morning. How you doing? I don't know where Evan is with my dammit Titan program for my computer. I want to know how I'll come to somebody in this audience has an agreed to come on down here. I'm not looking for a freebie. I'm willing to pay for something and you still can't get it in this town. How do you like that? Even when you're willing to pay for it in this town, you can't get it. Anyway, you were saying? I was calling about the actions of parents on them. Oh, and I'm afraid. I didn't see it, but I know somebody that just said it. Yes, it's just like the call before said they did crucify him on stage. He's not nice. You know what? That could be expected though. You knew that would have happened. Why? Because of all the clothes, mine and people, I'm a nutritionist that are out there that do not believe it. Well, how come my doctor is lost all this wet in the acens. That looks better than he ever has since I've known him and is a raves about it. Everybody. I fully agree. And you know what, this fat free crap does not work. I gained weight on the fat free stuff. I hardly ever ate. And I know three other people were the same thing. They were exercising and gaining weight on the fat free stuff. Because they're just loading the sugar in the carbohydrates into their system. They're eating into been fat free donuts. They're shoveling down like they're going out of style. Exactly. And not even that. You don't even have to hardly eat on the fat free stuff. You're still getting. You do not lose weight on it. It's very rare. And if you do lose it, you gain it. I've got to give you an example. I just drank that. I'm so aggravated. I could blow my brains out. I drank that one can of iced tea. You do realize I said it's got 33 grams of carbohydrates. If I had nothing the rest of the day except water, I've already screwed up this day. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. I'm already screwed. Yeah, you got to make sure that it's by is it on there because or it's sugar-praying. Otherwise, it doesn't work. Damn it. I have, and in fact, we had a cook out from Moral Day. There were five people there. And they all were on the acnes diet. Are you there? I'm here. I thought I cut out. No, I just blew out one year with that can. Good combination inside of one month combination. You're looking at about £60 loss. How do you like that? Many people were stuffing their faces. Incredible. Anyway, just while I'm going out to Vegas and August, through the NGM, I can't wait. It can't come soon enough. It only be about 140 degrees out there. But that's okay. You're loving. The 115 in the shade, you'll be loving every second. I'm saying it's I go every year. So I know what it's like in the summertime. Right. I like it when it's like that. So it's dry heated. It feels like only 113. But seriously, I don't mind that at all. I don't mind to do it anywhere away from here. It's fine with me. Amen. I have a good day. Have a great time. See you. Now they're starting to pick up a little bit. They're starting to pick up their ears just a little bit. They're rears. 33 grams of carbohydrates in one can of God, you know, I'm not going to say it's good. I'm going to ask you how do you like that. And why? I'm going to ask on the ears since we don't know. You remember the place where I got that bottle at San Pelagrino water? Let me say it again. I bought. I'm not just looking for freebies. Freebies are no good. If you don't have this stuff. I want to be able to have like 80 billion bottles of a bottle of good Italian bottle of water. Why does he say it's Italian? I don't know because it sounds good. Because it's from Italy. And if I drink enough, I won't need that program for the computer. I'm going to go to the next one. Come on, you're no. Come on, Vowooji. Do you spag? Something like that. So we got to find out who carries who the distributor was. Why not even be the same guy that had San Pelagrino? Because that's good stuff. I love San Pelagrino. Not that I don't like the other one too, which I'm not going to mention. We find out what the story is with that guy. I think they probably got to him. I think the boys got to him is what that's all about. Yeah, the Paxton boys. Here's North Miami. Hello. How are you? Greatest weekend. It was a long time to sports on TV. Yeah. I had the hockey game Friday night and Sunday and had all the auto racing Sunday. Auto racing. Yeah. Not that's good. Well, I never thought I would be getting into the hockey the way I have been. It's really exciting game. I'm learning more about it. And like you were talking before, these guys are being... You get these football players at baseball players. They get a hang of the old. And they're out for three weeks. That's right. These guys get to him. There are a bunch of places is what they are. They're real places. hockey player goes out there. They're like 20 like stew bars. They like have a gash over his eye to get a few stitches. He comes back with eyes all puffed up. He comes back and scores two goals. Can't even see out of his eye. That's right. He was swollen up like a grapefruit. And I mean, like, God, almighty. I just thought I couldn't get over it. I was watching sports that are last night. You know how Chris Burman gives all the nick names. Yeah. He came to the Panthers. And I can't think of the names that he came up with. And maybe one of the other listeners is solid. You know, give you a call on it. But it was some of the funniest nick names that he came up with the Panthers. You know, it's exciting that they're starting to get recognized. You know, long overdue. Exactly. He had to get all the same. That guy's like Tony Bruno and Barry Melrose sitting there. Badmouthing. I said, it's about time somebody with a brain and a little bit of fear. And it started giving us credit beside the CVC. It was really, it was really, it was really. Because I, the hurricane, originally been talking about over the past few weeks about how he got the people about him off of it. And he's, he's got some players. And this is so exciting. I can't wait till tonight, you know. I am jazzed. And so that actually jazzed him. Thank you for really turned to me on to it. Because I would have never been, you know, got this motivated. Don't forget final score tonight. 4, 3 Panthers. 4, 3 Panthers. Hi, Pally. Okay. Thank you. Kicksamass. Yeah, I said here yesterday. I don't know what the, what the, I was talking about. And all of a sudden, I got that little twitch inside my Thracum. And I said to myself, there it is. There's the word 4 to 3 Panthers. I got that score. See, Sunday, people were coming. Up to me in the arena asking me for the score. And I said, well, 5, 3 Panthers. I just picked that out of my ass, you know what? Because I didn't have a score in mind. I didn't get any inspiration because to be honest, we've been who we're going to lose. Cause didn't I tell you all along it was going to be 2, 2 after the first four games. I told you that. I'll never pick a score saying that we're going to lose. Cause that would be, that would be a sour thing to do. But I didn't know we were probably going to lose on Sunday. And it would be even 2, 2. And I said, we go in here and win tonight. And then we'll wrap it up on Thursday. And I still believe that very strong. We sure as I'm sitting here right now. And man, which can go on here because some friend of is told him to say this or told him to say that. Yeah, he all, all the stuff that he pretends to say about hockey. It's like somebody else, one of his, uh, piezons is telling him to stuff. Going on here, oh, yeah, say this and pretend you know something. He knows nothing about the game. Less than nothing. If they put the puck in his hand, he wouldn't know where to stick it. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a question. Apparently everybody wants to talk about hockey because of the game tonight. Okay, I have a question for you. What about you me by that? A couple of weeks ago, they arrested a guy that was selling rats outside the stadium. Yeah, confiscated. What does he do with all the rats? It's the cup of the ice. Like I'm supposed to know. Well, can't we find out? Supposedly. We recycle him because we're not going to stop throwing rats. I would imagine they give him to, you know, poor kids in the ghetto because they used to see in live rats. So they probably just have rats for toys. Yeah, that would be good. Yeah, rats for rats for rats for rats. I like that. Rats for rats for underprivileged little kids in the ghetto. They give him a rubber rat. I think Wayne is recycling if he smart is what he's doing there. Sell him on the street corner. Yeah, well, then he get arrested. Not not if it's official. Not if it's an official panther rat. It would be old Cleveland Browns had to dog. Bound. Yeah. We got to rat pack. There you go. But no, seriously. Call up to a bishop and see if he wants to come to the game Thursday. What is this? No, I would like to know what happens to all. Well, we'll find out. I'm sure that one of our experts out there is a deeply into it. Okay. And the rats too. Okay. Every day. See, there you go. That's what they're concerned about is where what do we do with the recycled rats. This is the kind of stuff that people in this town are very, very into. Forget about the fact that we had that big fire in the cabin on that plane. Forget about that. Okay. Let's just forget about that. That they. Oh, and by the way. The guy that was like out there and he ever glades the one that found the black box. What the hell was his name? Jose Hamain is something like that. And he says he prayed to God to find the black box. And he took his thing and he stuck it into the monk and he put the first poke. And by the big, there was the black box. And I was thinking to myself, it's really interesting that God decided to answer this guy's prayer. But I would imagine when the fire broke out in the cabin. And all those people were on board to plain praying to the same God to save their God damn lives. And he all of a sudden he must have been busy. He was a wrong religion. He must have been busy. What day of the week was that? It was on a Friday or Saturday? There was probably some kind of a sporting event going on. He was busy worrying about the odds of what what the spread was on again, did they cover or not? Because when they were praying for their, their wonderful God to save their lives from that horrendous. And of course the one now is it comforting or is it even worse? I mean this is a hell of a question. But people are going to be pondering this. Is it worse to, is, is fixiate in the fire and choke to death, then to die from the impact? I think impact. Is worse? No, I would rather. Great, right. That's what I was going to say because the impact it, like that. I mean like you're history. You're like little tiny pieces like you never existed in the neighborhood. Although the trip down is probably not too pleasant. The anticipation even Carly Simon hates singing about that. Now seriously because how how many how long would that be? They, what was it about? 2000 feet that they went nose downward in the Everglades? What about 20, 30 seconds? Maybe. Not more than less. Yeah. So it's something that we probably don't want to think too much about. But I don't think there could be too much question that they were as fixated by the, the, a few months from the fire and the cabin and then in the cockpit. And that's not exactly the most pleasant way to go. But we don't want to talk about unpleasant stuff, right? 10, let's talk about the rats. 10, 49 at WIO, Dehir. That's a grand opportunity. It'd been wasted for me. This result changed the way the playoffs feel. I may be wrong. I hope so. I have a feeling now that the Cinderella thing isn't meant to be. I think Cinderella's glass slipper dropped onto the ice and shattered. And I think it happened here Sunday. And he goes on about it's going to be a Pittsburgh Colorado final. And the Panthers wonderful season still wonderful. Even if it doesn't survive the penguins will end a couple of rats short of a fairytale. And we were up one nothing and the Bappa Bappa is in it. And then he goes on about the Sunday Panthers worth the same ones who wound the league the first half of the season. Or the guys who rocked Boston and Philadelphia and made the NATL pay attention. They were the team that slog through most of the second half of the season tossing away scoring chances, skating on tonight's Bappa Bappa Bappa. Oh, blow it out to your ass. Well, yeah, we got beat by one goal by a team with Mary Olamio and Yarmor Yager in the Sandstrom and all these other guys in Berasa when that we got beat one goal, baby. 61 shots we had on Friday. We got beat by one goal and quite frankly after the first four games of the Philadelphia series, it was two games of piece two, but Greg Co. text forgets that. And now is an expert right in doom and gloom. You are so typical of everything that's wrong with his town. You piece of walking, third. I hope they blow the hero right up your ass. I hope they take it out under to one hero plays in string up from the goddamn flag bull. You jack ass you even if it turns out to be right because that's the safe side to ride on because we're the underdog. So yeah, we blew it down to drain. It's not going to happen. That's it. Mr. negative over there at the Harold. How the heat to and by the way, how's Mickey Harrison and the heat to and. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. One, I'd like to thank you for the involvement in hockey and the for you I would probably never start to watch. I've got the answer for the rat guy. They do recycle and they bag them up and recycle because they don't want them back on in the arena. Nobody will stop recycle them to home. Well, one of the companies that's posted on the edge of the boards. Yeah. Is the recycling company and they take that the rat from the recycle. What did they make condoms out of them or something? It's like a huge ad campaign. You got a working going out and picking them up and getting a little bit of a cycle. It's all wind. I think this stuff and it's all part of money going back. All right. Money going back into Wayne's pocket. Great. Also, was on the act in last 25? Yeah. Got off the act in the game back 20. I'm starting back up today. Yeah. Back to money. Well, you sure monkey to run or I thought I've been doing that. I came back a few but not 20. I got back with my wife and I didn't have to be sitting in too many more. Yeah. Being in a firm and I'm fat like a pig. I'm going to lose the weight. I do want to have her in closing. Say hi to my cousin Ray. The king metal. See you in the steel bending douchebag. Yeah. Don't don't people usually in other words by the inflection of their voice to give you an idea of when they're done. They was like an upward inflection on the last word like there was going to be some more. And that was I guess that was it. Whatever you say Jose. We have an open line on the purple line. We got one in date. Two in brown one in the green line. And it's extraordinarily weak in his Greg Kotex column just it just my head is swimming even more than it was from the sugar and a lift and I see. I mean this is just such a totally negative thing. We played such a terrible game on Sunday. I don't think so. Wasn't the most exciting game in the world. I don't think we played also bad. We had a back right up into the wall till last 11 minutes of the game. And yeah. So they scored a couple of goals in the third period. What do you do, baby? This is a team that scored eight goals or more ten times during the regular season. The Pittsburgh Penguins. We played four games against him in his playoff series given up a total of eight goals. That's two per game. And Greg Kotex is sitting there. Opportunity wasted leads to fairy tale faded like doom and gloom like it's all over, baby. Boy. Ah, he is so typical of everything that's wrong with his town. Major, major, major ass wipe. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I think we can all do that both games. But I don't agree with what Greg Kotex says. But I have to say this. One of the things that keys I thought to the series before you. That the pants is how to take care of all the scoring opportunities. Unfortunately, if you were to came on Sunday. Nobody. Nobody takes advantage of all the score. I can't say. So I can have point blank shots that they could have put. And two Barnes. Yeah. And the problem thing about the news is that they had the Penguins on the ropes on. So let me ask you this. If you are a penguin fan and he were losing one Nothing the third period. We might you not stop and think back to all the breakaways that Mary on Yager had and the Penguins made the Panthers made all those great defensive plays to knock the puck away. The last second was great. But I'm not talking about Paras. So I'm talking about all the offensive chances the Penguins blew earlier in the game. And in the other games. Yeah. But I just the problem. The problem I feel is that the Panthers do not have the two greatest players. Who has the team right now. He auger it will be you. Unfortunately, the thing that I hope that doesn't happen to them can take how come we beat him two games five to one and five to The two games that the Penguins will improve. They played the Penguins in every game in the last four games. Yup. But unfortunately they've only come up with a split. So. I think that if you were to told most people the last third of the when we were sticking the joy out and dropping almost out of the pill. I think if you would have said we'd be in the semi finals and be two games of peace after four were the penguins, they would have gotten in their hands and ease and kissed your ankles. Hey, I, I, I didn't do every almost every home. Why do you sound so depressed? What do you so negative about? I thought that I'm going to get a goddamn gunna blow my brains out from this audience between you and Greg Coat. No, it's not that it's just that I see on this kind of thing. It was the game. And this kind is he just got through beating the crap out of him five to two on Friday, 61 shots. How about the first? We won the shots. Well, each game I think is going to be different, but I just, right. And I just feel that. Let me ask you something. What's the penguins record in the playoffs this year at home? They're there. They're formed their six. They're no four and they're six and one on the row. Four at home, I'm asking if you're in four. So what's the big deal with that? No, there's no big deal but you know, if you know the history of the penguins, that they play better as as the games get down to the end and the thing that I'm, you know, I haven't had last year against New Jersey. Different team. Oh, different team. I think this year. This year, Mario, will you is possessed? Yeah. And I think that, you know, that's maybe we've been a call up Linda Blair. Well, I just feel that they're mirroring on the line. Okay. We have to have an exorcism for Mario. But maybe he was trying to get out of his system and game two the other night. I said, I think it's going to go seven. Yeah. I think it's what would be wrong with that? Nothing will be great. We'll take a lucky bounce it over time. We'll take it. But we, I'll tell you one guy that I'm disappointed with and I hope you agree. He's mellum B. He's not. I don't agree. He has, he has a lot of chance, especially I don't agree at all. I think he's playing okay. He hasn't got any goals. That would be like saying, I'm upset with Devorac until the other day until Friday because he didn't get angles yet. I think he's mullered. He's been skating very hard. Okay. Well, listen, thanks for your positive input. And I'm going to blow my brains out. Thank you so much. King, wish. Or speaks while he's whatever W. I, O. D. You Miami for another day. And he was talking in her team, the radio. 16 W. I. O. D. Welcome. Good morning. It'll leave it a clock. I'm Terry Griffin with. So I'm reading the rest of this call up by Greg Co. Tax. I'm serious. I am suicidal. The blown lead loss at home was devastating. It says it was like Cinderella doesn't live here anymore, but left a forwarding address Pittsburgh. And then I get this last guy on a phone here, Mr. positive that wants to find every negative that we can. Friday, see, I knew this. I knew that if we lost a game, the right away people like this have become one out of the woodwork. 61 shots on Friday. We devastated them. We kicked their ass. We just embarrassed and ashamed them. The god damn mighty penguins. Okay. And now all of a sudden we get all these negative people here, just like you're expecting this thinking town. Unbelievable. Friday, night 61 shots. Five to two. They've kicked their butt. Exactly. And we lose a game two to one. Yeah, we blew a lead, but guess what? Not too many one-go leads. They're going to stand up against the penguins. You're not going to shut them. I'm very often. And so we lost a game. Wow. See, this is what happens when you spoil people. And all these so-called all these armchair experts out there, tell us, well, this one stinks to join out and this one ain't doing that. Yeah, well, I got news for it. There's a lot of guys. They've all gone through their phases. The guys that scored most of the goals during a regular season like Melon, be maybe he's not going to have such a great play up. And guys that stuck to join out during most of the regular season like Roberts Fila, now all of a sudden he's playing great like God damn a Bobby or what can I tell you? But hey, they're all experts in their all-sour and their all-wheel nervous and they're devastated. I don't get it. I'm not devastated. I wasn't happy to lose the game. But hey, we're in it right up there until the end. We had the power play. We had a chance there at the end of the game. We made it interesting and that we lost the game. By the skin of their teeth. It's 11.07 at WOD. I'm telling you the world is coming to win and I just know it. You can feel it, can't you? The world is definitely coming to win end. I think probably before that game tonight. Here's North Miami. Hello. What in the yield? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I don't know. Well, to how with them they say is that God damn great. What kind of fans are things? Two specs. In other words, if we would have beaten them for in a row and then beat either Detroit or Colorado for in a row one to Stanley Cup, then this guy would still write something good in a paper. Then we'd still be okay. Then Cinderella's still alive. Yeah. Yeah. We're tied up two games a piece after four. It's a best of three series now, including a home game here on Thursday. And this guy's like he's devastated. The fatefulest. Devastated. The fatefulest are nervous. And this is the same guy that never wrote one column about the Panthers all season long that would know a guy damn hockey stick if they shove that up his ass. Exactly. Well, but it's not the change to subject or anything. But God, a little theory about that at Oprah, to you. Yeah. When Dr. Bob was on it. Yeah. I think that that Oprah's in with her advertisers who probably are quite a few of the next you food companies and the big food giants. Oh, yeah. They're not they're not too crazy about the icons or about that. And so I'm trying to find anything right. They won't make no money. And they're telling other petty, you know, to say everybody in the brother now is peddling the low fat crap. Well, these are the biafized steak and cook it and you're still at home. And it's easier and it's cheaper. And it's what the you know, the icon science thing. Right. In addition to which, he points out that if you're going to eat stuff with the if you're going to eat sweets at all, in other words, you'd be been even very serious in the zone. He says instead of eating low fat ice cream, if you want ice cream once in a while, have the high fat, the regular without the low fat, because all the fat is slows down the absorption of the carbohydrates of all our sugar into the bloodstream and your insulin does go to the high high. Exactly. Exactly. So the whole low fat thing is one of the biggest scans that ever came down to pike. Yeah. And it, it do real ice cream. Then that's like some of these people selling sugar free products and you look on a label they're loaded with carbohydrates. Oh my god. Yeah. It's just incredible. It's the weighty. It's really criminal. Well, yeah, because it's so like you said, it's all dollars and cents. That's what it's all about. Exactly. You just gotta know the reason behind the stuff and when, uh, when, when somebody like Oprah reacts to something like the act can die it in that way, you know something, uh, you know, something right. Mm-hmm. So you just look on one. And here's the same bitch that went on here but it was three, four years ago with that up to fast, which is one of the most all the medical people tell you one of the most dangerous ways to go and she lost all that weight and no time and then balloon back up and was bigger than ever again. Oh, she makes me sick. Yeah. All right, Neil. Billion dollars. She's worth a billion dollars for that pig. So I'll see the board and cow. That's smelly bitch. Hey, listen, Neil, I got a quick request. Yeah. A little bit of change brown down. I can't get up. You still got that? Get up. You don't own up. I fall in or you get up. Get up. Get all the names brown in the back. You know, the change brown thing. It's on a cart, rick and suds. Get up. Get all in. It's on a cart and rick and suds, play it? Well, hot. No. Might be on one of the CDs, one of the best of, uh, something to rather. Yeah, the guys. Neil, you guys played it. You lay on or something. Quite a bit. Okay. I work on it. It's too bond to God. Okay. All right. Take care. See you. I guess Cinderella's lost your slipper. I guess the pumpkin just fell off the goddamn wagon. I guess the a rat. There was a rat in Cinderella. Wasn't it a mouse or a rat or something? There was one in the story there. A lot of mice. A lot of mice running around there. I think they were rats. I think the rats are at the Harold of you asked me and I think one of his name is Greg Coatex. That's what I think the most sour article I've written the rat in a long time. And thanks very much to this listener out there who sent this to me and ruined my entire day. Wasn't bad enough. I drank the ice tea in my head of swimming around like I named Greg Lucanus. But man, oh man, reading this swill. This garb-bush. This kaka. As in kaka mondeo, Greg Coatex. Now the rexpert. Now the one he's maven's baby Joseph Gackie, Jim Manwich, Hank Goldberg, Jeff DeForce. These are all hockey experts. Man, they know their stuff. Listen to these guys. They'll give you the straight poop. You know what I'm talking about? That's it. Oh, Jesus. Hey, the real question is, um, what mocker room, Sarah? You're going to most likely be at? Which one would you like me to be in? Um, well, have you have you been in the shower at the pantsers? Those are real men. God, that's embarrassing. Let me. Love and have to 11 at WIOD. Luz Pounds gain energy. You're rid of nagging health problems. Those are the goals of targeted nutrition from Dr. Robert Atkins who says by the way, Oprah can shove it up a race. When he write out of his jock strap. Okay, 11 13 at WIOD. Speaking of that, here's a rimmer up in Pittsburgh, which is where I should be, but he's up there because he's got the pictures. Pictures of what? I don't know. Must be. Let me just tell you this very quickly here. The guys who just support he didn't show up by six o'clock. Yeah. They were prepared to buy dinner and yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's cut the crap. Okay, let's cut the comedy. I'm not going to be there. You know how it is over here. Lot of emptied. Not a question of if it's a question of how much bull crap can you take. That's a matter of where. That's the game here at WIOD. No, it's a question of how much how big your shovel is. I'm worried about it. Yeah, I'm sitting down here. I'm sitting down here and then somebody faxes me over Greg Coat Texas real negative column from the Herald the other day. Are you ready? All right. Well, we've already seen the couple. Oh my god, we were devastating loss and Cinderella's lost their slipper and his guy who never wrote one thing about us all season long. The bubble has burst and it's going to be the penguins of Colorado. And he's the maven now and he expert and we blew the lead. I'm going to tell you something. If somebody put a bomb inside the Herald there was, it would be too good for those people over there. Well, we just finished reading the clips up here. Oh, and that's true. Talk about negative. Then I get a guy on here a couple of minutes ago. Another one of our so-called fans basically saying the same thing. You know, geez, he's all depressed and bapapah. Oh my god, we're like two games a piece with the damn penguins and we got negativity going on out there. And what if your bounces the series could be over four straight for the path. Right. If you really want to get down to that's right. Tom Barasso had to play his best game and maybe a couple of years in the playoff. Yeah. That's for the beat the band. Plus we had 61 shots on Friday and one of the most devastating playoff losses. The penguins have sustained it a long time. In terms of being not just a scorer, but in terms of being outplayed. And yet all these people don't think about us. We let one slip away on Sunday. Well, I can tell you the Panthers will be focused for the hockey game tonight. Right. And I suspect that this is going to be one of the hockey game. It's pretty close there in Tafir. The record on home ice is not impressed and they're foreign for the playoffs. The Florida Panthers are played exceptionally well on the road as they have at home. And Barasso obviously will play again tonight and he will be a team. But so two will be John Dan Beesbrook who's been sensational in his number two in the goals against the Department of National hockey league. We're going to stay like a playoffs. And number one, I think it's still as good as Sunday. Absolutely. Yeah. They went last night. They came back. They booted up all the way. I want to indino got tossed around like a rubber dollar again last night. And then of course he lost his cool on it. One got himself a penalty after he got cross check there. And that was all that was better diving penalty. How do you like that? Kiri Fraser calls a cross check and a dive on Dino. Unbelievable. Well, let me tell you that I think that series will go set in games because I really believe that. The time period you wouldn't have seen the CBC because you rub there. But John Chirri said last night on CBC that if if Colorado doesn't win tomorrow night that they're done that Pittsburgh that Detroit will win the series. I believe that he's probably right. Oh absolutely. Meantime line-up change their rise for Pittsburgh possibility that they may get to work and come back in the lineup. He didn't escape this morning. But that's not really all that significant because neither did LaMura, Yagres, Gatorz morning and I'm standing talking to Mike Lang and I said well, there's a good rumor we can start the Yagres and LaMura out there for the morning escape. So maybe they're not going to play tonight. And he said I want to use that lie. That's funny. And I said in other words you try to tell me Mike Lang is stealing your material now. That's not what I said. That's not what I said. No, but that'll be in Rachel's column tomorrow though. I'll guarantee that right next to BaWaoP Count kick. Well, when you die in I didn't I didn't come up with that for he's that was yours. Yeah that was Mike Lang. That was hers. Well, for the Panthers I wouldn't be surprised to see Jody hold back in the lineup tonight in place of Garpent Lough. Well, I don't know. I got the last play pretty well in the series in place of whom I don't know. I think that Doug will make a game time decision based on the practice here this morning. And who also are you suggesting that might be out of the lineup? Who am I suggesting? Yeah. Who I don't know. I really don't know. Don't just kind of tight lip dot it. Uh-huh. And I don't blame them. And we are here doing this to have a couple of options. You said it last week yourself. You certainly aren't seriously entertaining the notion that Strock has going back on a bench and we're going to break up our fastest line, are you? I'm not saying a thing. No, huh? I'm not saying a thing. What do you think? What would you do if you were in the client? And you were giving me a advice? I would say Garpent Lough. If Jody's ready to play. I would say Garpent Lough. He has played well. I have no problem with his play, but you can't, you know, you can only suit up 20 guys and you have to have somebody sitting out. Somebody's going to have to sit out and Doug Skyder's a tight lip dot who that's going to be. Okay. Best I can tell you. Okay. Well, well, down to the sitting here. You're up there. We're sitting down here. We're waiting for something really good. We're waiting for some big hot news. Even George just even George just said, I hope this time he's got something really exciting for us. And that's what he said. Meet some some media says where is the beef? He's going to get he's going to tear up peller in here. I gave you the beef. Look at that. And you. That's not beef. That's not beef. That's not beef. That's not beef. That's bull. That's the wrong. You're giving us a bum steer rumor. Well, not giving you a bum saw. Give you some. That's not like the mad cow is what that sounded like. We're going to list of win this series in Detroit in Colorado finish up their series. The Stanley Cup Finals will not begin until next Tuesday. Okay. Fox and fact will go with their Fox tracks live in prime time next Tuesday night for the first game of Stanley. Now that that is. I got to. In fact, I'm going to tell you something. Stand savered in the guy junk around sports beat on KBL last night. We're slicing up the Fox track sting like crazy. And I loved it. They almost redeem themselves in my eyes. They ripped it off. And they ripped it off. And they're sevens back in your good books. Yeah. I got them. Oh, I, you know, I'll tell you one thing. Last night he wasn't so cocky, but he never gave the Panthers any credit for anything that we did. Nothing about the big one on Friday. Nothing about the 61 shots. So he's a little bit more humble now. And like, oh, you know, they got a lot of work to do yet. But he's not given us any credit whatsoever. And I think they're really sucks. So tell Mr. Bigmouth up there that at least, you know, you better have a chat with Mike Lang or at least his fair and give us some credit, which stands seven eight doing yet. Well, stands out and did say to me this morning, he thought that the series of yogurt six games and the team that Winston, I'd regard list of who it is. He thought would wrap it up on. Yeah. But what does that have to do with giving this team some credit, which he said we were going to go a fall hard and fast? Those were his words. And guess what, it hasn't worked out that when I don't think it's going to happen. Well, I'll tell you the Pittsburgh newspapers today are being very, very, uh, open and very, uh, what's the word cautious about the payments, chances, and complementary to the Panthers. Oh, this is the same bunch of guys that said Florida who. Yeah, exactly. Right. So they've kind of turned the other cheek now. And there's, uh, and how come they can kiss our cheeks? And they, they think the Panthers have got on the German shot to win this series. Of course we do. And they know I hope we win seven that nothing and 10 that out in the next two games, just so we can take the box score from both games and stick them up. Greg Co. Texas. As well. What are the, uh, when you personally have that assignment? What are the columnist was suggesting that now the thing when he had the momentum and the other columnists had absolutely not. Well, what, what, how can there be momentum? Okay. In other words, if we beat him five to two with 61 shots on Friday, didn't we have the momentum? There's no such thing as momentum. If Colorado's a entity tried three games to one go into the last night, didn't the avalanche have the momentum? In a short series like that, there's really no such thing as momentum. Exactly. Exactly. Each game is an individual entity and there's no telling what it's going to be. And it's been that way. That's where your game has been different. That's why I think Detroit has Bob Cole would say, he has got a good chance to win the game tomorrow. Let's start picking on Bob Cole. No, no. Pick it on Bob Cole is God. Had a great game last night by the way, you would have enjoyed the telecast. Well, actually, I started the first two periods. We went over to Rod Witzon, the great test dealers, the defensive back, right. Cornered back, we were over to his restaurant, watched the game there in a big screen. And we asked him to put on hockey night and Canada. They're very gracious. And put on the hockey night and Canada telecast for us. We heard cherry in the coaches corner kind of weak yesterday. Nothing really substantial. We have a thing he was up in a crowd to he had the proboard up there in a crowd. He was on again. He was on again. He was on again. The second intermission. He was on twice last night. They really made a work for his money last night. Oh, I'm disappointed. We didn't stay for the second intermission. Yeah, he wasn't that good. He did not have nothing to say. No. I asked the guys from CBC today. If that's your he doesn't back end tomorrow. Yeah. In Denver, if perhaps they're coming down here. What are they not? Not not. Oh, my God. How did we got to do? What do we have to do to get some recognition? You know what? To get some respect. I guess we got the claim will be with us for the entire finals. Should the Panthers win this final? I was just going to say the only way we're going to get respect is to get into the finals. Okay. You better tell those guys that's the only way you're going to get the respect and coverage you deserve is to win this series and get in the finals. And then there'll only be one game at a time so they won't have any choices then. The rats became an issue. I guess on the Fox telecast, JD was telling me that he was critical of the Panther fans for the ill time, the rock rock, that's right. And JD said it was really disgraceful to see yager when he went to the federally box. He pelted with rats. Right. And also he felt that the referees in the lines had to duck for cover when the rats came down on mass. Well, I agree. I have no problem with that. But currently yesterday on ESPN radio, uh, with the sports behavior. Especially that well, heart rate. That fat's love. Talk to a horsekiller. Have another donut. Much the same. Much the same. What? Well, I guess the criticism. And I said the same thing who cares about those people? I said the same thing. The rat thing is great, but you got to do it when after the goal of scored not all these other superfluous times. And the problem is you got a lot of these people that are getting to these games now are not our regular, uh, as you know, core fans that are during the regular season. So these people are just there to get drunk and act rowdy and throw a bunch of crap out there. They haven't got any clue what the decorum is or what it's all about. And if they don't put a stop on it, they're going to spoil it for everybody else. Hmm. I agree with you. I could not agree with you more. Yeah. But I think that after this year, this was the year of the rat. We've got to come up with something different next year. I don't agree. I don't agree with that at all. I want to see this rat thing continue forever. Why not? Why not? It was a good thing. The octopus thing is continuing forever with the troit. What's wrong with that? Yeah, but the octopus isn't there to rat thing. No, and of course I remember the game we beat Detroit here two to one and there were asshole red wing fans in a stand throw on live octopus toward the ice which weren't quite making it landing on people's heads. I know I'd really be much more upset by getting hit by a rubber rat than getting a live octopus on my post. Yeah. Why are you full of crap? Boy, they must have loaded you up with extra today. Man, it's just poured out of your post. The rumor of your day that I was telling the guys from hockey night. I don't see as a reality, but one of the rumors that was floating around was a pitch-picking portal with a good game seven. Yeah. They played that game here on Sunday afternoon. There's a post to Saturday night. But yeah. Number one. That's what fostered he would'll come back from the dead before that happens. Well, it's not going to happen because apparently Fox listen to this. Fox does not want to colorize a game out of the hidley here at Pittsburgh. Apparently the Fox tracks really doesn't go over to well in this building. Oh, and they can't get like he goes over real well and every other building. And did hear when the puck was up in the 10th row half the game right. Plus Fox would like to start in prime time on Tuesday night, which I think is great for the sport of hockey. Yeah, something and after they finish off the Harold building, they ought to go over and see Rupert Murdoch next and take care of them. That's what they ought to do. The game survived well for like a hundred years without Fox. Now all of a sudden they're going to reinvent it. I got a question for you. Yeah, we're closing. Yes. Did there was any word mentioned at all for the ratings for Sunday and in South Florida? Didn't see it. Well, it might be a good good good thing for George. Do to call up to the Fox people and New York and find out because apparently the national ratings were down. George is going to call up to the Fox people and find out the ratings. Yeah, I know you're giving George assignments from a Pittsburgh. Yeah, he has a message for you by the way. Yeah, I kind of liked it all with the reading. Well, you got nothing else to do the rest of the day. Why don't you call up the Fox people in New York and find out what they are? In fact, if you were going to be, if this was a worthwhile call, you would have called up already and you would have given us that information because Rachel Alexander has probably been suspended after her B. B. P. Calcic, whatever it was. Oh, my God. He's probably peeing on it right now after the embarrassment of that. Well, I guarantee. I'm not bush league. I guarantee one thing. The ratings on Sunday afternoon for the Florida Pittsburgh game itself. Lord, it had to be phenomenal. Obviously the national ratings were off. It was already weekend. Yeah. There was all that kind of racing. Well, I'm not, I'm not interested. I don't care. You know, you're starting to sound like Harry Kiri. Harry was on her yesterday. They had the bulls magic game on yesterday against the Cubs game and Harry's honor yesterday saying all the media are writing that nobody's watching the game. If you're watching the Cubs today, drop us a postcard. I'm serious. And you can't give it. You can't give in the address. Ridgly field or Clark and Edison Chicago with a zip code. As if, you know, they have to have some reassurance that somebody might be watching them. You know, who cares about that? Well, the fampers are headed to the ice for their pregame skate. Great. And I'm going to go and watch. See what? Of course. I'm going to tell you one thing. You tell your buddy Doug McCleand. If Marty's struck us, not in that line up tonight. He might as well forget about his ticket back home. Okay. He can forget about that coach of the year stuff because the fixel be in if he pulls that crap. Well, hey, you got to go with the best lineup. You can put on the ice. Well, that's right. I love Jody, but Jody's not fast enough to play on that line. And you know that nine of that. No, but what you want, though, is you want your best two lines, which is Barnes and Lowry and the Shepherd and which is the need of Meyer and Strocha and Devorek. What that's your best you don't mess with your best two lines. You're the guy that tried to tell Doug McCleand said, the week's to the one struck a wasn't in the lineup that you got to get a man and you can't go just because you have a winning lineup. And mess around with things that he said, I don't that's a bunch of fuck. Well, now you're looking at it from the other side, but who knows what he's going to do? The fact of the better is Jody, how can't help this team after all, Jody's one of your biggest fans. Yeah. And Jody can help. I didn't say, Sid's Jody, I said if he's healthy to send Garperloft to Siberia somewhere for a couple of days. But what I'm telling you is that Jody can strictly help with yogurt and Lemuse still. Very much kept in check for the series. You don't know when these guys might explore. Okay, Rimmer. Have a great day. All right, but give a majority of big kiss for me. I will see you later. Fuck it out of here. Oh my God, we have two open lines. What did he just say? Can you tell me something that he just told us that we didn't already know? Tell me something George, what did he just say? Two open lines in Broward, which would lose and calls here left and right like crazy. It took me an hour and a half. We finally had some momentum build up and now it's like deathfalley days. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three and Broward in two on the green line, one, eight hundred, et cetera. Here's the Golden Beach, hello. Yeah, hello. I'm the one that's into the facts. I just wanted to add something to it. Oh my God, add something to it? I was so afraid when I picked that thing up. I said I couldn't believe it. That wasn't that wasn't today's hero. Yeah, that was a story. Oh my God, no wonder everybody's on the verge of suicide this time for me to meet in that piece of crap. Oh, it was unbelievable. I just hear you hear. Sweet destiny fades. Right. I mean, the headline, I mean, it was just like I said, what the hell was he writing about? And then I said the first of all that let that's the second goal Pittsburgh score was really questionable. It was a picked play. I mean, there was interference on Murphy. No question about it. Mullinski bold Murphy right over right on the side of the net and that went in there and picked up the rebound. I mean, he really took him out to do blatant interference and the coarsky didn't call it. Right. And then there's quote right or whatever you call him, quote, text. Oh, text. We held him 89 scoreless minutes. So what so what the hell does he want? I said the heart occurs at this team's playing with. We're not talking about the Ottawa Senators here. We're talking about the Pittsburgh penguins. Right. And the Bees has got the view in the younger talking themselves. If you see him after every shift, they're over there looking at each other like what the heck happens. They can't get past them. Well, I just wanted to say it's so typical of this time. And if you allow yourself to be dragged down by the negativity, you'll be on a bottom of you'll be like a barnacle on a bottom of the ship all your life. You just have to rise above it. You're right. I mean, two to two. I mean, they're they're right there. Yeah, like terrific games. Well, anyways, I just while let you know that and I got my attitude up and I'm looking for big win tonight. All right. Okay. See you, pal. See you. Open line of day 751 Wiedewild. We got two in Brought. I still say we're going to win four to three tonight. I still think we're going to win a series. And I'm feeling fine about that. I'm not having an interest break done. And I like having this every other day situation because like last night Detroit Colorado. I can watch that game in peace. No stress, no pressure. I mean, I wanted to see Detroit win because I want to see that series go as long as possible to kind of like where one of those two teams down. But other than that, no pressure. And tonight we got the big pressure pack night. That's great. But anybody that wants to be negative or if we do want up losing, which of course is a good chance we will because the penguins are a hell of a team. And if we do and I'm going to try to pee on our parade too bad because we're not going to put up with it. I'd be like that. 1131 at Wild. lucky Bla-di Bei Second She looked like a lady. Like a lady. Like a lady. Talked like a lady. But I got wise. Oh, there's a difference between a size. Oh, there's a difference between a size. Hmm. You were my perfect lover. But how I was surprised. Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised. Oh, I... She looked like a lady. Like a lady. What? Like a lady. Like a lady. Talked like a lady. But I got wise. But there's a difference between a size. Oh, yes, there is. Between a size. Oh, who? Love a 35 at WID. Had a tremendous response on that thing about learning languages from computer programs. We didn't get one stick and call on it on the ear. We had to guide the, it was turning Japanese, but that's most of our crowd. We had a phenomenal response on the Oprah thing with Dr. Racken. This is about like two calls, nobody else saw it. And basically that's it. And then remember called here and told us nothing. Absolutely positively nothing for ten minutes. Thanks for killing the time, Raman. Open line of day, 751. We got two at no seriously. He tells us anything. There's going to be a line-up change tonight, but we don't know what it is. Jody House coming back in line-up is Garperlov. Going to be out is Strocka going to be out is, uh, Who else could possibly be out? Who else could be out? Huff is playing great. Uh, I'm trying to think of anybody else that could possibly be out of line up. And I can't think of, I can't name anybody. Here's Hollywood. Hello. And can you? Yes. Two spiral ports. The FDL that bought operator. You know his name? No, I don't. Yeah, you called them bought up. And he's playing the talk show host now. Yeah, whatever. Okay. He was saying that need is an insecure man. Yeah. So he better, he better wears a double knee pad now. Uh-huh. Need is an insecure man. And he wears the same shirt every day. Yeah. Second spiral ports. The little experimental airplane. Remember you crashed two or three weeks ago? So what? The experimental airplane that crashed. Yeah. They recovered the box. And FAA is the only thing they detected was. All that stuff. All that stuff. All that stuff. Okay. We have two overlisions in the Broward 5249463-524WD. We got one on a green line. One in 1009. See, let me just say this to you right now. Okay. I don't care if we have if we got for bid wind up in a building where the light bulb is Right next door to us. Uh, we aren't going to be schmoozing with the Brian the board up and with the Rick Spider-Man and with Mr. Eagle and all of the light bulb people. Okay. Notice that we're a lot of people sucking around immediately when the announcement was made about the sale of the station last Wednesday. But my feeling about the light bulb hasn't changed one. I owe it a no-will it ever. And I always try to coexist as best with whoever happens to be up and down a hallway and that policy will continue. But if they really think that we have any interest in anything that those people have to say, trust me what I tell you we don't. Okay. And it will always stay that way. Just like almost everybody else in listening audience. They don't care because they don't listen. Two open lines at Broward 5249463-524WD. Here's Sebastian. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? Everything has died here to it. Lund said to the point we got that last call. Let's just tell you a lot. Unbelievable. Wait wait. I want to say anything. He didn't tell us anything. Well, they shouldn't change the thing anyway. They're going to win the series. It's going to have some confidence. Now, like some of those reporters there. Yeah. But anyway, I want to thank you. I've gone on the actings. I've just got passed by my first two weeks. And I only need to lose 15 pounds of lost 10. And more energy now than ever. Great. I really don't need that many carbohydrates. I work out for an hour and a half a day. So everybody was saying, you know, you can't get along. I was a skeptical of first but I'm just totally my mind's blonde. Yep. My wife's. It's an amazing thing. And the only way you find out about it is if you do it. And then you go to the doctor. You get the blood test and you find out your cholesterol came down. And triglycerides came way to hell down. As opposed to going up, which is, you know, it totally defies all the so-called logic that we've been taught because we've been brainwashed. And finally, I want to believe it either. We want to weigh this weekend at like steak and lobster almost every day. Right. Get back on the scale. A lot of time waiting to go. A lot of two more pounds. Beautiful. So she's going to start out now. So I got her convinced. Hopefully now she's got all these allergies. And I think I truthfully think they're all going to go away once she starts. Yep. That's one of the things that happens to a lot of people because we're allergic to all kinds of food, especially well, there's all kinds of different things. Well, it's like you. You're going to look at the sugar. The sugar man. I'm telling you. The sugar is I'm going to say it again. It's the most powerful drug in the world. A thousand times more powerful than heroin or coke or any other, mind-altering substance. Sugar is a killer. It's a drug. Yep. Well, thanks Neil. I appreciate. I want to call someone a douchebag. Yes, sir. Very meldose place. You're at douchebag. Okay. Keep it up, pal. Two open lines. It's at Broward. Broward's been especially brutal this morning. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 5, 2, 4, WOD. And two on the green lines. In fact, there weren't coffee in that real negative so-called fan came from Broward. Just before the 11 o'clock news, that guy that did head that was like a doom and gloom. I think he had a little bit of great codex to make a match made in the heaven. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Going once. Going twice. Okay. Now we're down to three calls. Let's go to a lady in West Palm. Hello. Hi. I'm calling for my calm with Palm, but I don't really know. So I'm watching the Panthers. Ever since they came to you know, everything started to happen. I don't know much about the statistics and all of that. I go to the game. I watched the games on TV. We even said a section over from where you sit. But it's a certainty article that you head red. From the Harold, the co-tech site. It blew me away. I mean, if anybody's watched them in the way they've progressed the past three years and they think that they've come this far. And the playoff's with a Stanley Cup. For this guy to write that we were playing Sunday the way we played the last third of the season. Not guarantee if we would have played the way we played the last third of the score to be nine to nothing for the penguins in that game. I was at almost every game all year just like I've been for the last three years. And I know how we played that last third of the season. And you know, the Sunday we didn't play that poorly. We just didn't cash in on our scoring chances. And we got beat. That's all we got beat 2 to 1. It was a tough game. And that's it. Nice and quick. Let's worth it. And right and left we stuck at the garden. Keep didn't kill it. long and all of a sudden he's an expert he's a bandwagon jumper that is fearful now that the golden ring might slip out of his hand out of his trying to grab on to right absolutely and I don't see any reason why we don't be in this series I mean we've been playing unbelievable this is most unbelievable I've ever seen I mean let me say it again we have one two games five to one and five to two they've won a couple against three to two and two to one okay does it sound like we're having a difficult time with this team not at all they got a couple lucky shots they they're defensive men ended up playing they've got a couple lucky shots they were hell of a team they're a great team they're one of the best teams in a league for crying out loud I'm not gonna sit here and pretend we're playing the auto senators we're playing one hell of a phenomenon but we're also playing unbelievable ourselves yes we are and that's something that these people have to realize and they have to understand and if they go to the games and they see the games they'll know that while that leaves most of the local media out say because they don't go to the games they don't support the team they don't give it any kind of guide them tangible support during the season when we need some support to fill up those two thousand seats they're off an empty and now all of a sudden that we're in the middle of something very glamorous and exciting and everybody in their brothers on a bandwagon now all of a sudden they're experts people that have never taken five minutes to write about it to talk about it the josegackeys of the world we got it there a dime a dozen man now we got a million off all over the place right and they're all experts absolutely well just keep your chin up all believe me it's way up there's a lot okay have a great day you have your chin up too okay bye see ya yeah when joddy comes by always keep my chin up we have an open line on a purple line a mobile one cell 182 wireless pound iod we got one in another green line air 1800 944 rumors kill on us it's 1143 a wio d when it comes to news there is no second place your eaters are best or you're out of there man the park here are believed by many cultures that tremendous but it's not a winner have been proved but because of these ways bringing you to the end is funny I mean a lot of you are going to work more than they're waiting for us as you use talking in her team but radio 610 double u i o d y o d that's not so anyway way to hear this it's 1147 by the way for you time watchers and we get a call from uh... George gets a call from nick Lawrence off the year who wants to know i mean this this ties in what i was just saying see they have this in says to was thing over there on ft all on the light bulb where they're busy calling each other all day long on the air especially mr. ego and monopolizing each other shows and going on pop pop i would as fake controversy there's and i have a feeling that they really believe that now that we're going to be owned by the same company that we're going to like get sucked into that same deal there we're going to be uh and gonna happen baby nick Lawrence wants me to go on a year with him on ftl and discuss what's going to happen with the air and summer show now i hate to break the news to your first of all i wouldn't do it number one number two you're the one that's over there working for packs and we're still in limbo okay the sale hasn't gone through yet okay nick the sale hasn't gone through so since those are the guys that are going to decide to make the decision who's going to be on where and who's doing what to whom why don't you ask them why did you put buddy but on a year there you go call him up at corporate and put him on a year and get uh elicit an answer and pick his brain nick Lawrence ladies and gentlemen ah my god okay let me 48 a w i db got no put line in date 75 one we got one in broard five two four here's a mobile in Naples hello hey me all you doing okay far you haven't such a bad morning he listened i just got back i was i just sent the weekend up in Pittsburgh and uh i got to tell you i was at a bar Friday night and i was at a picnic on Sunday and you would think just by being around those people up there that they were the underdogs not the Panthers uh then to move with some breath there and up until the uh i guess the last few minutes of Sunday's game yeah um they didn't think they had a chance so hey to all those guys down there Miami that don't think the Panthers have a chance you guys out of here right amen amen okay and because you know i got to disagree i think that the Panthers do have the momentum right now uh tell up to a few minutes before Sunday's game uh you know they were winning so anyway listen one last thing all right i don't buy that there nobody's got any momentum in a series this series a Mexican standoff right now it's as even as could be and every game has been different so it's just you take a one game at a time yeah the thing i was reading the papers up there the whole weekend and uh up until yesterday they weren't writing a lot about the uh either team like where i was going back on the plane uh yesterday afternoon and i was reading the paper and big headlines in the paper there you would have thought that the Panthers won to seven to game to Stanley Cup i mean you know all of a sudden they win the one game and you know it's just everything is back to our lunch from end as though well thank god we don't have a two-faced media down here oh there you go thank god we got Greg your co-tex hey one last and closing yes i'm gonna be down in sunrise for the next couple of days any any recommendations for sports part to watch the game tonight in sunrise yes sir where where real uh Panther fans are somebody will have to call in okay and one last request yeah yeah get a job you two spots okay get new phone can't understand a word he's saying we have two open lines on a green line a sports bar in sunrise oh here's North Miami Beach hello yeah yes sir how's it going you guys moving up to North Miami Beach so who said that i don't know aren't you moving the station who said we're moving to North Miami Beach well i've read out 444 one i heard that's not North Miami Beach 441 is not on any beach last time i checked well it's part of North Miami the city north Miami isn't it no it doesn't I don't know I don't think so how can 441 be North Miami Beach well i live i mean i live pretty far west on 160 like we're at a 167 then it's still north Miami Beach 167 then we're North West second yeah so 441 is not far from any way my point is still gonna be if you know the bad name it's what it's a bad name wrote over there how come you're not when you guys weigh up not compared to here to it's compared to here on the causeway you're down there on the causeway first neighborhood in the history oh that's not it's it's believe me the old's not worth enough here let me tell you this haven't have you ever driven from i95 on 79 street east to where we are right now yeah that's true i guess you have to go through it you'd have to go you'd have to go through bay route don't have a telecom to count count well buddy bud's gonna be bringing us in his private gen every day so don't worry about it okay and yeah i don't know what these people are crying about i watched that hotly game this is like a game of inches yeah we almost won that game right it was it was a damn tough game we lost two to one we got edge dot by a team that supposedly heads and shoulders above us and we got a bunch of cry babies here i don't know what those raw wouldies people what do they expect their losers their losers in their mind and they just sort of you know put that off and everything that's around them well like that code text go to a 79 street yeah and one more thing yeah i listen to them at work they had a course me too and they talked about you guys all the time since that thing they call you uncle neol i think they're trying to black body let me say it again they can suck around all they want i'm not interested okay we're on like a major radio station here we have we have eight million times the audience i earn every year more than their entire payroll put together i'm not gonna demean myself to worry about a lot a little league radio station no matter who owns it i'm not interested that would be so disingenuous because bud packs and happens on both radio stations that all of a sudden we're gonna start consorting with them it's ridiculous yeah they're kind of trying to make it seem like anybody that tries to make all of all aboard ups in the talk show host and everybody's a superstar i'm just i don't i'm not interested in playing on that playing field do know them saying yeah okay i have a great day go find a lives over there okay well you would like bulb go find something useful to talk about like pinacle far cheesy get with it are we gonna put what am i gonna go on the air with them oh i can't wait to be on the light bulb oh my god fulfilling a lifelong ambition we have an open line of dates 751 wio d we got two on a green lines 1-800-944-Wio d and and it's also really interesting that some of the same people who were ripping me an ass big time now all of a sudden that we're gonna be bought by the same owned by the same company oh want called new and bapa bada said nah no it's gonna be like old times yeah blow it out to your ass here's Miami hello you know how you doing okay good i was at the game friday night that was like uh the one of the best experience one of the greatest nights in a history of the human race especially in this town here it's only like three days later it's Tuesday and these people are four days whatever it is and these people are like a half sour now well i guess luckily or unwarkly i i split my playoff tickets with another couple and they went sunday but in the middle i watched that game i'll tell you what it what it boils down to to me if i thought we played pretty good but a boiled down to me is like the best player in the league made a pretty good play at the end of the game with back against the war right got it got a great and spilling ski got away with a bad interference in legal pick against Murphy and right hard to get in call it you took it in and some of the left keep it in the rebound right you know that's all there was still and i'm looking forward to a great game tonight my next game is Thursday and i i so far been to two series winners okay i've seen them see the shaker hands of the ball i mean all these people that are so sour now since we know there will be a game six Thursday we guardless of tonight if they got any tickets out here and two there will be a whole bunch of people lined up to buy them or take them if they don't want to go on Thursday i was kind of happy i get to go to another one you right and i've been to i've been to two two series winners so far i've seen them shake hands of the ball and it's in a shake hands with the flyers right i'm counting on that Thursday night i hope they win tonight so i'm good to me that's that's where i got to figure it out right i'm hoping for anyway keep your chin up okay pal okay see yeah always keep your chin up okay that's what i always say get the knee pads on and keep your chin up we have an open line in date 751 wio d we got two on a green line see another thing of course i made a bad mistake bringing up that thing about learning a second language on that computer or through any other way you know because we got all these uh very full big people in this town as soon as they hear about any other language immediately they go off the deep end especially i don't want to say yes but you'll but if they hear about and of course in europe i mean there are many many people including those who aren't necessarily rocket sciences who speak two or three or sometimes several languages fluently because they got a brain because that's uh the way it is and they teach it in grade school oh here's coral springs hello yes sir are you doing okay um anyone who's been telling sports for a long time or anything and watching it demise baseball and football and stuff like that all they complain about are people that don't work hard enough athletes that cry all the time for playing times but like that right before we had something that works down here we finally have the parents and i'm trying my best to be a fan but it's hard when you listen to media you listen to these other fans all you do is complain about these guys they go out of united to give you all they got you don't complain they don't have to hide price players that want to play in time or all right you know to give everybody their time they're autographs they're the motion they're uh I read the day about how when they left after the game and they lost they've had a problem right I know the grass right everyone was doing everything they could live what is the media continue to try to to bring down something that we finally have that's so great that people been waiting for so many years we finally have a team of brand new team once in no name basically coming into this year and uh you know we're doing great because we have a whole bunch of people like Greg Kotex just waiting for them to fall just waiting for them to lose a game lose a series b-out have the year b-over and then they can put put and say well this was not also great and now well let's talk about the marlins because they just want to gain how could you like the thousands I've been trying to be a thousand fans for so many years and they just bring it down and I think people waiting for the heat for the panters to finally start well I mean I mean you know we got a lot of changes there we got a new coach I'm hope I'm gonna have my season tickets again I've already paid for I'll hope that the dolphins do well and that you know they played a kind of bally you can support but I mean right now it's the end of May it's not a time that anybody should be worried about football or talking about football on the year like some of these sports jocs that are on here that you know we got something phenomenal going on here and you're right we ought to be up on our toes about it and one more thing about the font track I think what that's going to do is we've done a lot of times if you really understand the game of hockey and you've been watching for a long time you really know where the touch is going you know what's going on but you know something let me let me say this to you before you go on no matter how much you know it you cannot see it when they have that on there you right and that's what stands out when we're talking about last night and he's been involved with hockey for years and years you just can't see it it just obliterates it it's like it's in other words it's not even helpful is if you needed some help it just kind of like covers it up and you can't see anything right you know like you know basically what's going on you know they're always trying to not the way from the middle you know things like that they're watching the spot track it's going to keep everyone from learning the game again it's in the same thing's going to happen down here with the Panthers that happen to the Thompson I hope it doesn't but I hope the negativity doesn't keep up because we got something great down here and uh not the Panthers tonight did not do okay all right thanks we needed open line of Broward 5249463524Wild did we got two out of green lines in Palm Beach or quite frankly other typical 1-800-944-49463 1-800-944-Wild here's plantation hello any idea okay good hey John Bernetti should hang himself to help horseracing first of all yeah secondly it sounds good Panthers are great and as far as that that stupid blue dot I watched by the game over the weekend with my nephew who's eight and he can't even stand the thing so uh Fox should take care of that um as far as the diet that can's diet seven week 22 pounds my only question to you is this my triglycerides went up about 200 points I followed the diet very very close yeah any suggestions no number why are you asking me that how come your doctor does make you suggest you're the king my doctor but I don't know I'm not I don't give anybody medical advice I'm not a doctor I wouldn't pretend to be I mean it's and and for you to ask me that I'm embarrassed for you've got to find a doctor that knows something well there's not many of those people like that but well how much is your triglycerides all right they went up to a 300 bad never been over never been over 100 before yeah and in the last few weeks they've zoomed up while I was on a diet because they just had blood work done in January yeah started diet April 1st so I'm wondering what are you eating a lot this is the neolrodger show this is your brain any questions are you searching for a new sensation in dining if you're tired of that same old bump and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat it the why that's right folks because here at the why we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet and you've never seen us red like this one featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted and if you like eating Mexican you'll love the why because every night is taco night or if you enjoy the taste of wild game our chefs prepare a lip-spanking sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust that's right hair pie all here literally mountains of piping hot food including juicy steaks cooked medium rare because when you eat it's a why all the meat is pink in the middle or if you like spicy food here's an unusual on tray a red hot kitchen you'll steak talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes it's lips backing good tissue but what am I so the next time you eat out right on down to the why okay 1207 and WOD so we're gonna be interacting with the lifebulb is that to deal it's more I think about that the more amusing I find it which goes to show him get my sense of humor back thank God you welcome we have an open line in green line we got one on a purple line a mobile one 18t wireless pound iod tonight's the big night in Pittsburgh baby it's game number five in our series we got the atkins people all worked up because offers a bitch we got uh nobody cares about the guy damn bilingual thing all the way i'm getting my a tag in program and i'm gonna come on here one day and about three or four months to do the whole show on a tag in just to piss all you up bone heads off how do you like that that's right there'll all be saying my own yeah Jimmy my own he used to drive a yonkers i still does his matter fact Jimmy Moron and Carmine the red man knows to when he starts big and tending together look out here's a hollywood hello Neil great day yes sir hey go panthers we can only hope for victory and we pray and and we'll kiss anyone's house who gives it to us uh sports bar in sunrise i heard a request so i can only tell you where i play some good pull and they have a lot of tv okay it's called hot shots between Oakland Park and 44 on university nice place between Oakland Park and 44 44 street right right nice place you know nice tables lots of tv okay go uh Neil i don't care who buy a station as long as you don't go anywhere i'm not going anywhere great and i'm also not going to be interacting with the people on the light bulb and i take great offensive to the idea that there's some people i think it's like a kindergarten you know it's like a little playground and let's then i will can play games with this one and play games without i don't operate on that level i'm not interested in the interacting with uh with a 250 wide radio station great so i don't have to light the light like the light bulb there you go great and uh neither do i have a great day pal thank you see two opa goodbye two opa lines in Broward five two four nine four six three five two four waud i mean so disingenuous some of those calls that came in your last Wednesday as you'll well recall some of those ask sucking calls that came in her oh you're a part of the family now what is it yeah she's little pipsqueak board ops who've got their heads up steves and stuff like that it's just it we just don't play that game okay i'm just not an ask kisser and i'm never going to be okay you got it can you figure it out there's our friend that brought me the thing thank you so much amigo look at that all right my piezon brought me my Italian on oh that's a beautiful thing and was it was it the right price because they gave you a George the money there twenty bucks what fifty bucks sixty bucks how much was he's he's not speaking sixty five bucks yeah i say i told you you can't get the see why did he tell you twenty bucks you got me what a jackass that evidence okay i and i told you we had to be did i tell you fifty or sixty bucks yeah this is cd ramen it speaks of course it speaks it's the right thing here's another twenty here's another five here's another sixty five right on a barrelhead okay almost passed out when we said we're going to give them twenty bucks that'll blame them because George told me twenty bucks and i said what kind of a cheap piece of direct what kind of program can you get for twenty bucks even at fast-lob ever can't get you good program for twenty bucks so here's the other forty five we just wanted to have fun you know how to and thank you very much i appreciate it profusely you but see that's the way we do things we have our listeners go out there and run errands for a stats of way it is they come in here and then he put sixty five bucks and a receipt it probably was twenty but that's just a joke pal see look at that fifty nine ninety nine plus tax so that comes out to sixty five huh plus delivery charges well worth it it's called read listen speak Italian now it's cd ramen you can listen to what you can talk to it you can scream at it associated press says does it work and the answer is yeah how do you like that computer shopper says the best language tutor we've ever seen mac users if davis says transfer our language has revolutionized computer based language learning you'll be a day go in no time that's what it says right on the box you'll be a wap in no time and a price it said sixty five guinea's okay let's do a north mimy beach hello how are you doing great you know i i got to admit you i just hop on the bandwagon you kind of uh the moral that's okay behind the behind whoever these guys are right whatever these guys are but you know i'm i'm really surprised at the at the real hockey fans you know they lose one game you know you you think they'd have more faith in their kids those are real fans those are just bad wagon jepers who got like one eight leg on the age waiting to jump off the wagon i hope they fall off and break their leg well i mean you know we lost i won't go i mean let me let me just say this to you right now okay if we should god forbid if we should lose tonight and thursday eight ten nothing in both games okay which is good as the penguins are that's possible i mean unlikely but it's possible i mean i'll be unhappy i won't be pleased with it but i'm still gonna say to myself this has been one phenomenal year i can't wait till next year dogma claim is god joty hall uh stew barns everybody at the peas are i'm gonna be ecstatic we ought to be having a parade for these guys even if we don't win another game of course all these sour negative people man they should be put on a goddamn bus in railroad and it should be tarden feather taken an entry and put in the cool cool wasi river look at i written in a sports magazine i want to ask you a pinion have you heard of a guy named Steve Washburn yeah what do you think of me we had him up for a couple of games he looked pretty good as a matter of fact he played i think they should take him off the bench a little more don't you think i mean what do you think well what what do you think of the bench he's not up with the team right now well maybe he is i don't know he he's like on the uh you know in a bubbling under but he's not he's not on the roster oh okay and one one more thing i want to say not dressed is what i'm trying to say yes i want to say if the panters want to win tonight you know what they got to do yeah they got to get rid of the van v's van v's brick whatever his name is and bring in lanythia extra there you go okay there's a good knowledgeable fan for you we have an open line in date 7519463 we got one in brown at five two four see it have a conversation with somebody for like two and a half minutes and then the end of the conversation they make uh but plug out of themselves which is great i don't want to say asshole because i don't want to offend that guy okay let's do a four-laterdale hello oh yeah sir hey uh i want to bring up something about the answers i don't think anybody's touched on and that's there are four lines you can spit spurs too uh and well what do you mean nobody's touched on it's only cutting on that part yes yeah my point is it seems to me every game that i've watched and i've watched all the playoffs and games before that yes um it seems that the panters just wear them out and in a third you know in a third period and especially the fact they don't have Francis in there is a tremendous negative for the penguins Francis is such a key to their power play he's uh tremendous penalty killer he's their best face off man i mean you know a lot of people are forgetting about that but Ron Francis is not chop liver right the fact it seems to me that you know i mean lamino and yager will one and two in a scoring and league it seems to me he was like just a couple of slots lower exactly ran because they every game that i watched it just seemed that the the panters won every third period whether they won the game or not it's they won you know as far as their physical play and everything that they just outplayed everybody that they played in a third period yeah but that's all i had to say okay pal okay keep your fingers your legs and your eyes to open lines and broard 5249463524 1214 at Wild holy cow and come on actually let me know cyber buddies www dot w i o d dot com worldwide baby from news talking entertainment radio 610 w i o d i want to say again you know i have heard a lot of stupid things on here in the thirty six years that i've been in this business that thing right there where we got like the rejoin there and then all of a sudden it stops in the middle and then fadek starts opening up a big push again and then we go back through the whole thing again like how they how are you supposed to know when a god damn thing ends you know what i'm saying how they how are you not okay it's just more wild subterfusion it's just more Steve nickel droppings is what it is we have an open line in a braward 524 so like screw it you know just pretend you didn't hear that thing in lesbian all other crap bullbikes here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir yeah i'm Tony i think the uh fan is gonna win tonight yeah well that's good Tony have a nice life we have two open lines and broard 5249463524 Wild Tony wouldn't know a puck if you shove it in this mouth okay but let's give it a shot and we have an open line and broard 5249463524 Wild that's it just hammer it in there would a stick that a boy will feed one more time hit him across that's it little crosscheck in the back of the head here's coconut grove hello you know how you doing okay listen i'd like to commend you on your promotion hockey and soft rode here it's a shot in the arm for this area uh listen all the time he's a shot in the head is what he need a shot in the head uh this Cody issue he's a douchebag i think we should all call him up at 3 5 0 21 11 and now fill his voicemail up with hate is that his number that's just number 35 21 11 Ashford's is after Ashford's voicemail Ashford is Ashford's voice mail okay i write he shot you'll pay to me for the panther's gonna win the night and we're gonna have a party here on Thursday 4 to 3 what's red coat text gonna say then send a religious show up again with their slippers maybe Greg's were in a slippers maybe that's a problem we should take him up on right net 50 times at a blackboard i believe i believe make him do it in front everybody can still stay down the bus sounds good to me with the one way ticket to the that's how it's gonna be okay pal come on you see uh open line in date 75 1 WOD we got two in Broward 5 2 4 and of course he's also telling you know it's really ballsy uh to come out there and tell us the Colorado is gonna be winning the goddamn uh their series since they were head three games to one when he wrote it now of course it's three games to two and if by some chance the red wings should be to make a dead bird of our night it's gonna be three of peace they go back to the triet for the last game on no Friday and wouldn't that be something if he turns out to be wrong on both series you know when you've only got four teams left and you want to blow on both calls that would be pretty embarrassing wouldn't agree here's a lady eloxa hatchie hello yes ma'am hi i'm just calling to talk to you about the ad can start uh uh my husband what listens to you all the time constantly and he told me about it and i lost 30 pounds in three months great and it's wonderful i had four and you're still alive and i'm so alive oh well i had four kids in about five years so i need a lot of weight to lose yeah sounds like it and i also wanted to talk about the panthers my husband's in a die hard fan since they started and we want tickets to the game on Friday and i'll tell you i've never seen anything so exciting in my life well so you were there for it yeah well you sure picked tonight actually we came down to try to find you and we couldn't find you because my husband wanted me to thank you personally yeah and we couldn't find you he's kind of showed me the area you're in but we weren't really sure and i didn't know what you look like so we were a little confused what he didn't miss my kids okay well he saw the game that's that was worth the price of emission i i've well i wasn't hockey fan before but i'm telling he has been ever since it started and he thinks are great and i said well if we could afford two's and tickets i'd be there every day every single game they're great well that's great they really are but thank you again for the i can stay as if it wasn't for you i wouldn't have ever even known about it all right thanks a lot great day sweetheart bye bye bye how do you like that hockey the atkins died i'm giving some of these people their lives okay and what am i doing i'm sitting here getting calls from the light bulb would you come on and talk with us about air in summers is he gonna be on call up corporate over there and see if she's gonna be on okay i think the answer is pretty obvious it's gonna be no it's gonna be no i think they they just about spelled that out in braille right there in front of your post that that's your way going to be on i mean it don't have any sponsors it don't have any audience but other net you think she's gonna be on no oh god i'm telling you seriously i should be in Pittsburgh right now there this is criminal this is a criminal act that you know they they always give you the big tease you know they lead you on like oh yeah we're gonna say how would you like to do this show on Pittsburgh all right great game number five and then well a station was sold in between so we're not gonna spend though money we're not gonna send you up there we're not gonna go through a lot of work i mean we're still kind of like the caretakers of this thing because we're overseeing it you're in the building but uh yeah here's West Palmon a purple line hello hey no yes sir hey don't buddy okay palmy this is your friend the sign man all i have to say is wimyu yager and fox can fight me i watch that game on fox and it's so tedious to watch yeah that fox goes through people's laps and over their head and follow the puck at all they've made they've made damn sure that nobody can see it to save their life they block it out right and so they do the blur they do the slabs off and then they do the red slabs through it like what are we kids yeah somebody needs to go after those fox people and kidnapman said him do well oxa hats here somewhere so we see what's even worse is when they commercial break and they do those stupid robot that the that is got to understand everything is geared toward little kids little kids here kids it's all fox knows little kids little kids little kid that's the whole mentality very guy damn thing they put on a year well the penguins and fox are too and i want everybody in the country to know that every all those little kids are watching Melrose place on Monday night and they're all gonna wind up being a bunch of purverts and i think somebody ought to do something about how do you like that just to get even with fox with slacks yeah well i can't wait for tonight i'm with you okay i'm just killing some time in the meantime okay pal yeah i'm gonna go home with my Italian program and spend all afternoon learning Italiano then i'm gonna swear it whoever the referee is tonight in Italian that's what i'm gonna do my gosh you're not my zaddi i do spag come on cedito do spag in Italiano how do you say come on cedito strawberries in Italiano huh i'll sparag you that's a sparagus fresa fresa that's Spanish is it a similar to that yeah that's very similar how about cartiolfe that's art of jokes see i know these things i know important stuff as paragi even you know that asparagus very good excellent all those Latin roots yeah yeah i got a root for it we have an open line in the purple line pondio de mobile one cell 18t wireless we got a pair there in a pombie to we got a small parent pombie each 1-800-944-494-63 here's for a lot of deal hello hello new to buddy Jim ball bony Jim ball bony oh my god my truck just got stolen from football all the way to ball now ago yeah my life is played as rat 27 those wanted to help me out because the police don't want to do much it's got my offload of pants stuff all over rat 27 uh rat on what do you mean the police don't want to do much well typical police they didn't know think we don't mind one one and then about how fall later crop shows up he knew nothing about it another crop was hanging on the side of the road what he knew nothing about it about your thing being stolen yeah we we peed here they didn't give a crap yeah i'm sorry but i just want to get a little help from the listeners uh i only on my rat trick profaners well tell us what it looks like what kind is it it's a 94 shovel a beige extra cup pickup truck right with my free rat with hat uh magnetic signs on it in a life display this flora panther tag rat 27 with a magnetic tool bar um in a uh aluminum tool box and and all kinds of coolers and grills we had a big barbecue yesterday and it's full of coolers and grills and a big blue drop you can't miss this thing it's uh i just got to get a little help because i'm uh the walls in there and all kinds of stuff nice so why'd you they do call it up a 911 one if they see it's coming at home 5 6 8 9 5 9 2 and uh whatever they need for me for a half or a shirt some more than a blight stone okay Jim good luck thank you all appreciate it okay all right yeah they're probably too busy out there with their guide damn radar traps to you know spend some time if you would just have to low check in their gym if you would have had your low check you'd be uh having it on the way to be back right now open line and brownard 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 5 2 4 and 2 on a green lines 1 800 etc here's adventurer hello hey Neil yes sir what's the story with the penguins and tonic water the penguins and what tonic water having got any idea the guy's the fox was saying Friday that the penguins were drinking tonic water because they were dehydrated yeah and maybe that's why Mario had the second game too much tonic water probably there's a special ingredient there that's called why not that that helps him give him more energy for the game right that true well I don't think that's unusual for the penguins I mean especially like when it went and that four overtime gaming gets washing and they were just drinking enormous amounts of fluids in between periods to keep going and also who the hell was it's on uh well I think Francois Lemuse said they were eating pizza between periods and at four overtime game against the camps right yeah pizza and crying I little do it every time okay Greg court you suck okay Greg co-tech's baby he bites the big one everybody's unanimous on that he can take the heroine shove it where the moon don't shine with his goddamn negative attitude Cinderella Allison Wonderland we didn't want to game we lost they were playing like crap and though we only got 61 shots and Friday and we let it slip away boy oh boy how could anybody be negative in the middle of this we finally have something really like rips norton as kicking Greg going on in his town and we got negative any going on I say those people should be lined up and shot is what I say should I maybe in the ankle to start and then work your way up okay there's no pain where there's no uh equipment you know I'm talking about where there's no sense there's no feeling what a crap head I'm glad the guy sent me this because I don't read the hero now you want to stay away don't read the hero they've hired has all these great comms he's been writing about what great guys the players are and how they've been so accommodating even after the loss of the day and we've had all kinds of positive vibes and in the sports section yesterday and the sun sent all says panthers instead of sports on the section and the hero what have they got they got Greg co-tech's okay well you know what you do with co-tech's don't you here's a mobile and highly a hello gone mobile and highly that's what it is that sounds like the deadest line hello there he is like I said bueno what are we well no multi-banny la pantera solanumeno uno see no no we're not a Stanley cop see okay yeah mama la pinkus we have an open line in the Broward 524946352 no she's our at mascot mama la pinkus 5249463 and her brother in la body cone and we have an open line in the green line 1-800-9449463 they get so emotional when you say some of the especially Wayne's high pinker they get very nervous about that 1228 at WIOD I'm wired are you gay are you unsure of your sexuality being gay is a full-time commitment so before you sashay on out of the closet pick up a copy of it's okay to be a home home it's okay to be a home home is a surefire way to find out if you're gay the book contains page after page of probing questions like how would you say the phrase seven sailors such slippery chefs seven sailors such slippery chef all questions like would you rather spank a bear bottom or spank your monkey oh that's nice what kind of question is that I mean if you really must know I'm not really into cruelty to animals well with the exception of jurble so I'd rather spank a bear bottom bitch no I'm sorry but bitch isn't until chapter eight pick up a copy of it's okay to be a home home is okay to be a home home available at all boys time to read the book stores okay 1232 a WOD by the way on future days I was just thinking about this yours something we have to analyze for the next three or four months what we have food coming here again which is definitely not gonna be today but in future days when we have like florids or any other like whatever happened when a woman had called on Friday which jurj campaign or attention and she said she was gonna bring the food through your Friday she was gonna do what bring food Thursday okay Friday but my point being that from here on in until September it's not gonna be like the old days we've got a new deal going now in other words it's the cocks people are out and the packs and people are in and if you're one of those shared douchebag people or whatever they call it uh I'm not too sure we give you a half of slice right that sounds okay to me depending on what they've done for us later yeah right exactly it's not gonna be like the old days when you just come muscle in your way in here and start grab it a bunch of goddamn food off the counter here and water in your way downstairs anymore you know what I'm saying that's it here's a highly hello hey Neil how are you doing great hey on number one pack since an asshole and number two yeah and number two you're it we have an open line in date 751 WOD we got one in a Broward 5249463 and two out of green lines 1800 spick let's go to a key west hello yeah Neil yes sir yeah when the panther is the first to acquired uh strochard can barely hear you I said can barely hear you uh yeah yeah yeah alright when the panther's first acquired strochard and shepherd right they won a series of games convincingly right and easily this was at a time when we couldn't get out of her own way right okay now it uh it became apparent to me at that time that what was a very good team suddenly became an excellency right then they went into a prolonged correct now I at that time I was not worried although a lot of panther fans were worried including me yes uh yeah I was we were sticking the joint out in fact I I was still a sick of calling you and they're trying to reassure you but you know a lot of excellent teams going to uh uh what is perceived as a swamp before the playoffs because they want to rest there players now we were now we were now what do you what game is were you watching man we're talking about the last third of the season we weren't resting anybody we were staying in the joint out about not start sugar coating this we stunk well look we stunk now we didn't yes we did they were just cooling we couldn't score in yeah they were cooling it they were just putting the low gear right we were just waiting for the big moment all right now you know I don't know a lot about that's obvious all right but I do know a lot of the sports yeah and I know for a fact that many excellent teams just take it easy before the playoff we're not talking about before the playoffs your memory is so faulty my friend we almost blew the getting into the playoffs we had to win the last game against the Rangers to make sure we got into playoffs and beat you at home I said vantage and we had a lot of help doing it because a lot of other teams stumbled and bubbled there at the end well they're like New Jersey they're gonna beat the penguins now but the stuff that you're saying is such a cacophony of caca that it's just unbelievable I can't you just accept the fact that we stunked the joint out for the last part of the season it was only about a month it was it was like the last third of the season which sounds like 25 or 30 games to me we couldn't win a game for a lover money we couldn't win a fixed game well I was never worried okay I'm happy for you see that's one thing when you don't know anything you're never gonna worry that's good at excellent good point pal we have an open line in like Bob Prince would say we had them all away baby open line a date 7519463 and 200 green lines like I said the rats cover up for a lot of lack of a knowledge okay that's one of the other reasons among many others I love the rats because they cover up for a lot of other things that aren't here yet like understanding what's going on we just put in the low gear baby we were just idling okay and then we put the pedal to the metal and we said okay let's rock and roll and we're doing it here's a mobile in Miami hello how are you now great I just want to start up a thing on my diagram of your cranger fan but I got to tip my cap to the panthers I mean I really got to give them credit it's the greatest story in sports this year absolutely correct and if you know if they win this series it's the greatest one of the greatest stars in fourth ever much a no name guys that are playing like a team and right on the verge of the Stanley Cup finals this town should be having parades right now we got a bunch of negative clouds out there no this was in New York they've been going obviously cup crazy right I want to ask you about the bezer I mean you know you haven't played my just ever ever ever even reread one the vess in the trophy in 1986 I don't think you ever played with a confidence I don't think you ever handled the puck as well as he's doing right now I think that shrink is what helped him out yeah well I mean I still remember that goal that he uh uh uh uh uh let him buy a pitburg that beat the beat up the range of them years ago right so you know as a range of fan I know you know I mean ready to tell you one thing about the bezer until all of a sudden with about two about two months ago when he got this tremendous added confidence and came back like crazy is that even on games that we would win even games that he would play well he almost always would let in one greasy goal so long a line and now you're not going to see that just doesn't happen okay thanks open line and broard fussy there's a ranger fan he's got some enthusiasm for us he's got some rossmonis he's got some understand of what's going on that's because he knows what it's all about as opposed to a lot of people just talking through their ass because they don't really understand it anybody can talk talk is cheap baby especially on a light bulb here's the curl springs hello cool springs cool yes hey how are you I was just waiting for any ketchup I think that a big business call me two fiery for it yes sir first of all in the York often I'm the last two weeks and t-shirts abound in New York with go Florida Panthers all right ranger fans for bezer and in Toronto to the Q107 which is the Maple Leafs radio station it carries the leaf games they've adopted the Panthers and we're big all over the goddamn north america big time in the department happening with selling a right in front of the garden I love it and also the other thing is this is inside tip the fox track salivate as of when not to well I don't know if it's going to make the play off the finals oh it might I buy prey from your mouth to God's ears man I pray your right inside tip oh thank god from right from the right from the booth yes I'm going to go right from here I'm going right to show after this you I'm going to go uh get out my knees well unfortunately I happen to be the neighbor of uh well two things you know me from screwy's neighbor right and also somebody from Fox uh huh and not sandy no somebody else and uh I he was one of the guys very influential in it and I beat him up a little bit on Sunday a Monday and uh he said it's days or number all right the best real the day so far he's a three year old I started hated all I love it all right he was going to go and thanks for the good news see yeah see this guy hasn't talked to me for walkers I was ripping screwy like crazy but he deserved that you know he was really uh in a coma there for a long long time but all of a sudden now in a playoff he's like when face off and he's playing like uh it just dynamite see this also happened in the beginning when we got Shepherd and Strochka and that is the and also earlier in the season earlier and here when we got off to that big star a lot of guys who've been playing kind of mediocre elevated their level of play because they got swept up in the euphoria of all the good stuff that was going on and it you know they they uh lifted it up a couple of notches and they're played too but what am I talking about open line at Broward 5249463524WOD and two on a green lines let's do a uh mobile and Miami Beach hello yes sir how are you okay thank you no it's a recall when uh Panthers were going through that struggle or towards the end of the season yes sir and you keep saying it's just the same every team goes through it and they'll come out of it yes when everybody was panicking and saying oh what's wrong with the panthers because you can't play a whole 82 game season without going into a slump I mean I didn't expect it to be that long but I wasn't having an nervous breakdown no right I was hoping we would have come out of it a little bit sooner but uh better late than ever you know right it was the time was right right I mean they're playing great no yeah and something else too don't you think that you know like Pittsburgh you know everybody talks about Yager and Lemue Yager and Lemue Yager and Lemue Yager and France well they're great there's no doubt about it but the Panthers four lines are so equal in talent that you'll notice anybody outstanding but they're all really counted lines right you know men and that's the one thing that separates us from all the rest of the teams at league and I do mean every one of them is that we've got four equal lines out there that can do some damage that are dangerous and most of the other teams I mean you know they got two top lines the third line might be pretty good and a fourth line almost never played drop saw very very few teams have a fourth line that gets very much ice time unless they're way ahead or they're way behind right all right well listen that's all I got gopins okay pal thanks thank you as I got it's at some concept of what's going on he's got a little grip on it we have an open line at Brower at 5249463 524WOD and two on a green lines dead in Palm Beach here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello yeah this is Alex yes Alex I do okay first thing is it possible on the last game the Panthers kind of like a chart on the third period no no didn't look that way to me we just missed you see the same thing happened in that game has happened in the second game and that is remember the second game up there when we lost three to two right we had a tremendous number of great chances in the first period and we couldn't score we just kept missing out and the Barnes had a couple of great chances right and the first period in school is and when you let it great team off the hook like then I grant you we didn't have a one-off and lead but we had about four or five phenomenal chances to make it two nothing now if it ever worked out in two nothing on Sunday I guarantee we'd a one-out game we never would have lost the lead now you're right but you know when you give a lot of great chances uh to a team and they let him go by it kind of let's you back in the game and that's what happened well let me tell you I learned about hockey back in 1974 I lived in Montreal for three years and I've been a Canadian fan since then oh my god this has definitely turned around I've been living here for about five years and the greatest thing in nice hockey since then exactly those Canadians I don't see them in a playoffs now I don't see the Rangers in there I don't see the flyers in there I certainly don't see last year's devils even made the playoffs this year this is a thing a lot of people don't want to understand there's four teams left and we're one of them it's just incredible I think the BZ has lots to do with it remember then it was tried and we got a great goal in that's what we do I just hope we can stick up as a team and win tonight we ought to be putting our we ought to put in our lips right on the ice and kiss in it all right okay take it easy have a great day play thanks again let me go for my Italian I was a great thing and a wonderful job and we'll let you know next time on the delivery we got guys in the audience bring stuff by see this is the kind audience said you got to you got to admire you got to love you got to well you know what I'm saying instead of like wasting your time spending a lot of gas slipping around the stories trying to find what you're looking for again I wasn't looking for nothing for free I paid for it exactly what it is on the thing I just wanted to find it you know when you got something in mind that you want you're looking to find it and sometimes you can't find it anyway it's 1244 at the Wild is Moral Day madness and can't that's over that's done throw it out oh no what what was that oh no that's yesterday's copy oh there it is throw it in a waste basket thank you on it 610 W I O D sailing I know this whole thing is hard on you but honey you mother want to me to give you her favorite diamond ring oh daddy it's beautiful I'll cherish it with all my heart dad is there anything mom wanted me to know before she passed away you know like crow you mean feminine hygiene yeah yes she did honey let's take a walk on our fresh new backyard smells great out here huh and soaking you with this FBS is it good well let me tell you your mother always use FBS and she smelled like a field of daisies you want to pull me please what's going on in here okay one moment please okay there we go program hello hello this is a test what are they doing they cutting back on juice in here or what now because we've been sold this monitor keeps cutting out and cutting out I can't tell if we're on the air for off the air I had to cut that off in the middle because it ain't playing on this thing what's going on in this guy damn join huh what are we doing going on some austerity kick the next three or four months or what yeah I wondered before because the monitor kept cutting out and I'm looking at you in there and like you're not looking like it when the spots were playing and it was cut in and cut out and you're just sitting there like grabbing away with our friend there with our Julio buddy and that's it so excuse me I have no idea what I just played but I'm sure was really funny if we would have heard the end of it was it right okay 1248 a WOD well we're just we're just killing some time now okay this is the way they do it put us in limbo for three or four months why don't we just go on paid vacation for three or four months that would have been good at sounds good to me okay it's the least we can do wait till a playoff's are over it and head to Italy for a couple of months where you really learn a tiny and right from the horses mouth that's a way to do it here's a call from Gould's hello Neil yes sir time call or one time listener okay I have two questions for you do you know when the panthers come in in the before a lot of the other you're put no I sure don't you don't okay and the other question I had for you when we go for the cup that would have been something you know something that would have been something useful for remarded tell us when he called before but of course so he didn't tell us okay on the eighth we're going to be playing the first the first Saturday is on the eighth for the cup is that gonna be an afternoon game with that being evening that will be an evening game it wouldn't be for a remarded say that there was a rumor fox was going to try to make it a Sunday afternoon game but then they don't want to do that because they don't want to do any games from my Pittsburgh's in it from the igloo and as a result and of course CBC would never put up with that anyway because they want hockey night and can it on Saturday so it'll be a Saturday night game well that would be great because my daughters getting married in the morning and I'll be able to go to the game at night okay that's great so I'm good to be really enjoy listening to talk about hockey there's always room to learn more and I've learned an awful lot from you okay thanks a lot okay thank you great day thank you we have an open line in day 7519463 751 W so what was that thing that I was playing a second ago when it cut out sailing I'm on you honey I need to give you her daddy it's beautiful all right well listen I wanted to I wanted them to get used to it because it evidently is going to be a lot like that the next couple of months so let's get used to a lot of technical glitches and screwups and hey we don't care it's slip shot just keep the checks coming and we're trying to do the best we can but it's business is usual slot that's right we could go on partnership with slots because we know something about it we have an open line in day 7519463 751 Wild and what on a green line is in Palm Beach here's Carl Gable hello yes sir yeah hey don't you okay I got a question for you yeah I was wondering if it was humanly possible for you people to talk about anything else other than the hockey well I hit to break the news to you pal but I came on here this morning and brought up a whole bunch of other things but you know what what we talk about all the pens I want the colors have to say so what is it you would like to discuss with us today sir what would you like to talk about I don't know I won't tell you what you want to talk about I'll talk about it I like dogs yeah I like monkeys yeah like puppies well go a spank one okay we have an open line in day 751 if you can find one and one in Broward 5249463524 Wild always every never fails every one of those calls is an asshole oh well why don't you talk about something okay what would you like to talk well I don't know but what do you mean you don't know well I don't know that's it that's the nature of this show whatever the people who call and want to talk about as long as I'm interested in it we'll talk about it if I'm not you're done when you hear the dial tone that means the calls over when you hear this on that means go do something else here's a lady in Miami hello yes ma'am hey there how you doing okay I was waiting to say how to say our strawberry tea but I wait so long it's kind of lost it's funk no that's okay it's a fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula fragula I can tell you how we're gonna kick ass tonight it's the game too it's time you're going to know that okay I think that just means kiss my ass is what it means isn't it huh I'm not sure well I'm taking no chances I don't know that day go talk yet I bet that's on this though I bet that's on my new program I just got guaranteed it's in there all right we have an open line in date 751 up your ass I think that's what you said and tighten up your ass nice touch sweetheart and we have one on the green line what 80944 WOT here's a curl springs on a purple line hello yes sir are you doing okay I think I got you I think you were for the hero probably I was probably Greg Co-tex yeah I think it was yeah I just want to share this with you I've got up this morning and I read that and it's not that would be enough to make me go back to bed I call the hero and cancel my paper all right I think we should start again yeah and can't I've already done that I've already been telling you people you're rid of the hero for a month now you're rid of them that open my eyes I couldn't believe it the most negative they hate hockey they don't like anything about it they're in bed with Mickey Harrison this damn Tony ridder guy there's still a hockey in a China about this bigger arena they're gonna build down here my which quite frankly I still haven't heard another word about that this town has not seen anything like this ever ever ever right well I'm with you and I'm with the panthers go panthers okay in Tanya tell your bird you won't bring them to herald again okay that's right if you're in fact we're gonna call the SPCA if any of you people are lining the bottom of your bird cages with a herald cruelty to animals baby if your parents and parakeets and cockatiels and cockatus are dropping some really nasty ugly looking more so than usual stuff you know it's because they got the herald down there and they're making an editorial comment here's my amy hello I think you and hockey both well that's good I'm glad you're listening no pal you listen every day will never lose you and that's really good okay there's another guy it's about the third or fourth one of those we got from the same guy just keep listening man it's all I care about just keep like everybody else keep hanging right there on the edge see you it it's just totally useless it's meaningless meaningless because if you don't like it and you're still listening that makes you the asshole we have an open line in date 7519463 that would be like somebody watching like three quarters of football game and saying you know something football really blows this is really boring well once you find something that why I don't know but it's boring because they want to belly I kids like the guy that eats a 990% of the steak and then calls the waiter and says hey I want to send this back bring me another one it sucked which is a good scam by the way although you all know that down here here's my amy be chill okay um no one's brought up that probably coach McClean has done the best coaching job in any sport nobody has brought that up well not I haven't brought that up like for the last three months before everybody else jumped on the van you're wrong don't cherish on erano cbc has been saying for two months coach of the year dug McClean and down do you think he's uh he should let turn joven out ski loose he seems to be a little quieter in the Pittsburgh what do you mean turn him loose get a milking a lot of stupid penalties you're something like getting a lot of stupid penalties that what you're trying to say well I think he fires up the team and the crowd sometimes and uh no we see in the in the first couple of games he made some really bad plays and coughed it up and give the puck away we don't need any rookie mistakes you can't afford any unnecessary penalties in the playoffs okay gotta keep it under control uh I think I think I'd like to see him a little bit against yaga and Mario I know I know yard yager and Mario really had done a kick-ass job how many goals have they scored between him in a series oh they're shutting them down yager got that one nice one on a pass from Mario and Mario got the other one now what about what else they've done a great job defensively that's right so let's stick with the winner right open line in uh Broward 5249463 one on the green line 1 800 I'm going to tell Doug McClean when he gets back at a time and we got a lot of experts out there in fact I'll give him a audio home number and he can call you up personally give him some coaching tips here's a lady in Juno Beach hello yes man we're live a parent puppy well thank god and I have a silly sounding little poem for you uh huh yes we'll be scoring our fans loudly roaring because we are the taps with plenty of wraps yeah we will chase you and then we'll erase you because you ping when sucked you will miss the puck when we are prowling our prey is a howling but hey is it a sin to fry some penguin so let it be said the penguins are dead will throw on more rats for our mighty taps go can't there and to Greg at the harrow get a colonic all right nice job sweetheart yeah we got a message by the way for Greg Co-tex at the hairlt if you're listening Sally six would say they get up your ass we have an open line of broward 5249463524 dead heads we have an open line and green lines two of them in Palm Beach 1 800 944 here's Davey hello hey no yes sir hey okay um commenting on that guy would call him want to know what time the fans are coming to the airport yes sir there'll be in the 230 this morning out of uh portloader down right and they come in at that other terminal the commercial thing not they uh well they actually I saw them when they left they came out of uh actually the left out of the west terminal right which is where you were there continental flies out of right and they'll be back at 230 these first end of time this morning okay at the disparate guys information and after we went forward a three night maybe we'll have a crowd there to welcome them back I'll tell you what uh I haven't really watched of hockey all this year and uh I watched that first uh at first game you had to flyers and it's got me turned on beautiful yeah okay thanks pal thanks a lot two open lines they're both in brown five five two four nine four six three five two four WOD so what's the story on the food when uh Andy's around we give him uh not that we have any today but uh what's the story we still working on that oh wait till he leaves the room okay well discuss it after you leave the room Andy okay here's uh Miami hello Miami going once going twice have a nice life open line in date 75 one here's Kendall hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay uh first mom I'm a religious uh uh acting person okay floss 54 pounds beautiful and since January fifth uh and uh my track list rights have gone down from where they could read them to a hundred seventy nine not bad cholesterol 183 excellent I'm doing great with that boy that's fantastic sounds like I saved your life yeah I think you did uh thank you did blood pressure's 120 over 80 beautiful yeah perfect though I got about another 50 to go okay so yeah but with numbers like that you're uh you know you're well on a way yeah yeah I'm uh and never hungry never uh I made the I made the cheese cake the other day myself right and it turned out great it's a little rich for me but it turned out great about the panthers yes sir you know everybody's saying cup crazy well I say because it was one person I think they called down an hour ago talk to us that we should give it to the rats well if we get into the ceiling cup while we start throwing support accups on the eye there you go that's cup crazy all right all right Neil okay keep up the good work pal thank you stick with it all right okay we got nobody's a water to two hours when they can make call me melanoma I tend until I'm almost an accoma how why me my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen sun with me 10 with me hope we don't mind I'm a little faculty I'm sorry in the center we get melanoma we like the bun you smell the aroma I like they're all on but there's nobody more hey melanoma I spend all day it work planning that when I get off a go tanning I get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and you will just have to help me find a dermatologist I'm in the center we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can smell the aroma I like all my but there's nobody home I'm melanoma we lie in the center we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can smell the aroma we got lumps are skin bigger than the metro no but hey melanoma hey we don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona we're glad we don't have genital condolums hey melanoma I'maredradye for sure I amnbury the right. And right here and now, And now, some satisfaction, It comes amid attraction, A pamphles getting ready to grow in And with a private today, And change your year's greener lessons, And selling out, And the Zombo Bowies. He's almost mad. He's been in here. Cool, ready for some action, Ready for exciting, ready for the challenge. The pedals hold the bow! Okay, one, a way to WIOT. We got no put on a date, 7519463, 751 WIOT. We're just killing a little time until 730 night at the igloo in Pittsburgh. We're going to go out there and hopefully kick some of serious ass. And that's just the way it is. All of tickets, did you see that? They sold out in like 4.5 seconds, Something like that. 3.5 minutes, whatever it was. The 3,000 tickets they put on yesterday. 3.5 minutes and they were gone. How do they? How do they? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I just want to say two things, or maybe three or four. Yes. About the Panthers. They've played like the best high-cats you in a long time. You've heard your expansion team, everyone in Miami should be lined up, given away the jewelry to make cool statues of all these guys. Hey, man. And I got a guy who can be lined up to kiss their eyes. They're eyes. They got the red on the hell. What's his name? His name is Greg Cotex. He should be writing about hockey. Like I should be performing brain surgery. Right. And if they go out tonight into Mar on, whenever the second girl and then lose 100 to nothing, they're the most exciting team professional team that softboard ass right now. And I mean, just like, you know, they shouldn't be saying anything negative about this team. Or football idiots. This is the year nor excuse us. He's like, what? How many guys? Quiet guys. Just come out and did it. You got it. So much to learn. Okay. Bye. You said a well-pull. Well, I have an open line of Broward, five, two, four, but of course this is my mean, Robert Steinbach in the same Harold today and the same guy facts me this as well. He's got an article which, you know, he has a lot of good points. It says fans support his strong but not deep. And basically what he's saying is that for every sport, we got a bunch of bandwagon jumpers and when they're winning everybody jumps on. And all they got to do is lose one game. And there's a certain segment that jumps off because they're Luke Warren fans. Very good observation Robert Steinbach, which I've been making for the last 20 years here. We got a lot of fear whether fans. We got a lot of people are, but I do believe I could be wrong. I hope I'm not. I believe that because of nature of this team and the players and the holder, there's a certain relationship that's developed here between the real fans and this team. And their players, and their coach, and everybody else. That's not a student transparent as some might think. I hope. Here's a point in the video. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm caller. All right. I'm going to watch the game tonight and hope the pants is win. Okay. Yep. Okay. And we have an open line of Broward 524. And one in the green line and one eight hundred nine four four. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yes. Neil. First of all. Great. I have a comment about the pants. I have never been a hockey fan. I am a football fan. But this team has earned our respect. We should go and show our support. These idiots who only listen to football and baseball and all those. They should understand that this is the first team we've had in South Fortal long time that doesn't care about who gets more money or the stars. They just got in kick ass and go pants. And I just want to leave you with that comment. Okay. Open line and date 7519463. We got one in Broward 524 WIOD. We got two on a green line in Palm Beach where there are interest. Their performance level has been today. I would say like 40 degrees lower than usual, which is a hell of an endowment. As in minus infinity. 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 800 9 4 4 WIOD. You've been sold. I heard good news. Ben. We should have a little Ben news. We're going in for half our pay. What's the good news is he has a second job for us. Also in half our pay. Sorry. Rick and Son, six to ten a year. I'm on news. Talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippopotamus. Tonight an occur in a fair. Shocking videos of the Brady bunch is all night. West and oil. Orangeies. How about you sitting here? You ready for it? Yeah. I've never before seen episodes too. Racie for network television. Oh, I'm coming. Oh, congratulations, honey. I just go tell Alice the news. He's in a room. That's tonight. I'm not current affair. 11 14 WIOD. So about that air and summer's bitch. We have an open line in day 7519 463 751 WIOD. There's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, you're doing okay. I don't want to make first off anybody that writes anything bad about the Panthers. For all the stuff that they've done this year and for all the excitement that they've brought to South Lord and General like you say there's a bunch of deadbeats down here. I mean, I'm at a West Palm and death central with the, you know, the cemetery village up here and and I'm going crazy up here. I love him. God McLean is God. Anybody that wants to pee on our parade? That's our response. That's right. Second of all, second point, uh, Mandage on the show last night on seven, whatever is sports wrap up. With a just a complete jerk. He can't even get the freaking Panthers names guys right. He call him Billy Linsley. I'm sorry. I've got a great number of company. This guy. Guys, I need to go back to construction business and stick a through by four of the gas. Okay. I don't believe it. That's right. Exactly. I mean, he's a stick to the dolphins and stuff that he knows lumber and the dolphins. I think there's something, you know, Mandage like taking showers with the guys. That's it. At least at least, default kind of keeps his mouth shut when it comes to talking about the Panthers. That's what you know, the mad dog thinks he knows there but everything. He needs to, you know, sit down with a book from, you know, the little library for the first Graders and learn about hockey the old. Not that you guys. Yeah. You basically suck Neil. I went on the acting diet. Not a big deal about it. But I started working out again. I lost the weight that I needed to. I feel great. I started working out again. I'm absolutely unbelievable. You're got double clean. You're got bees. You're got, still barge. You're got. You got. Don't panther. All right. Bye bye. See you, pal. There's a guy that's got some enthusiasm for crying out loud. You know, some of these people when you punch up the line, you can immediately hear by the dead head sound of their voice like they had one guy a couple of hours ago. Right after I talked about this Greg, a co-text column in the paper, well, the guy sounded so sour to begin with, you know, just exactly what kind of sputum's going to be coming out of his push. And there ain't nothing worse than sputum coming out of somebody's push. Two open lines on the green lines, 1-800-944-946-31800-944-Wild. Here's, boy, he did that to me again. Here's a mobile and perine. Hello. Yes, sir. I have one question. Yeah. What happened the last game of the season with a fancier? The last game of the season? The last game of the season they beat the Ranger 6-3. Well, sir. That was the last game of the season. That's, sir. That day they changed the whole game. Since what? Sir, that day. Yeah. And. Why didn't happen in that game? That's what made the fancier the way they are. They're right. You're very, you're absolutely correct. I thought you were just another one of these douche bags, but you're right. I don't know what happened. That's again. They put them over the top. That's the, they got the wake-up call at day. You're right. And Neil, don't let it slide to your wallet diet. Even if I don't lose one more pound, make sure the level stays the same. Since I started it diet. All right. Up, up, up, up, up. You're the, uh, Neil. Ha ha ha ha ha. We have an open line of day, 7519-463. We got one on the green line at 1-800-1. Are they talking about what language they speak it? Let's take this thing back and just give me one for Swahili, okay? What language these people are speaking in Sanskrit is what they're speaking, baby? Let's call my hammer on a purple line and find out what the language these people be speaking. Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. When is this? Yes. I'm not really a sports fan, but a couple of weeks ago I saw a Panthers game. Yeah. Okay. And I never was a hockey fan, but I tell you one thing. Those guys play with such heart that these people were calling you if they had 10, 1% of percent of heart into their lives as these guys do that game. Their lives might have some meaning. Exactly. And they wouldn't be calling you up saying that the Panthers suck or you suck or whatever. Yeah. I mean, but now that I did see that game, I mean, that's the most interest in game I've seen in a while. I would agree with that. I mean, the dolphins, they're gone. They're going to slump around to help a Jimmy can wake him up, but they've been a slumber for a few years now. Let's put him back in the orange bowl and see what they can do. No, let's wake him up with Jimmy. Let's do something. Well, let's worry about them when the time comes. Okay. Let's stick with the program. What's going on right now? Let's take a money time. That's it. And everybody else better take heart to it. Okay. All right. They could all learn a good lesson. You're right. In fact, Shula said that to him. Do you remember the comedy made after last game he was there, which we want again, of course, and he said, boy, if I could have gotten my players to put out this much effort for me, I'd still be coaching. At a boy, brainstem right on him on the floor. We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, 524Wio. Dean is now what I said earlier in the year about Doug McClain after the first few games. And I saw how much he was getting out of these guys. He took basically with a couple of additions, couple of young players, but basically the same team. And he got like 50 times the effort out of them that Roger Nealson had gotten. And a reason being that Doug McClain is a living and breathing guy with a sense of humor, but also with sense of understanding and knowledge and able to impart that and able to teach the young players. They're able to get guys to go out there and work harder. And that's what it's all about. As opposed to Roger Nealson, it was like the walking dead, which Roger did fit into this town pretty good, but that we got tired of that. Here's Pemberg Pine. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Hello, Doug. Lovers. You have a golden sabron. Yes, I do. Have two? No. How are they doing? Let me say it again. I have one. And I have a miniature picture. Oh yes. I have a big one and I have a little one. I have a golden and I have a mixture that I got at the pound that I loved. Do you have any problem with his skin at all? Do I have problem with his skin? I mean, any, any, you know, my mind has a little skin problem. Yeah. I'm using a, uh, the bed game, he, I see deck, shampoo. I see direct. I see crack, whatever is it. But it seems to be improving. So if, yeah, I heard something about you. Yeah, well, you know, with long-haired dogs, as you know, you're always going to have some skin problems, especially in this climate. They're going to have the hot spots and try to chew themselves up and stuff like that, but you do the best you can. Right. And then I got my dog that haircut where they cut like almost all a hair off. I mean, he's, he's doing great now. I'm ready to hit it. Yeah. All right. So, the, I'm interested in the attic and die it. Yes. My cholesterol was 225. Yeah. Quite too yet. You have to, you eat everything that's as fat and there. There's a true. I rings your cholesterol down, my friend, mine came down. Well, if, if, but the attic and die is as easy as eat, whatever you want, but it's no cover. Hydrates. Very little. But what about the fat content? What about it? And, and the diet doesn't have fat in the diet. Yes, it does. So this was an idea that dietary fat necessarily has to do with your cholesterol. It's a myth. Uh-huh. My cholesterol came down 25 points and my triglycerides came down 234 points. On other words, when you lose weight, it's all the matter. Well, it's sometimes it all depends on you. It depends. There's nothing. There's no panacea for everybody. Uh-huh. But it's working for a hell of a lot of people. Okay. One more thing, enclosing. I, what, how do I do get on that diet? What do I have to do with it? You have to buy the book? Oh, I see. And the two rackets, new diet revolution. It's got a blue cover. It's paperback. It's in every bookstore in the world. To a rific book. I'm going to give it a shot. Okay, pal. Another question before you go. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm a sports fan. I like it. And I've been watching hockey lately. Is this part of the whole set up for the guys to knock each other's teeth out? I mean, what is it to be the fans expect to smile and smile? I got, I got news for you. If you want a real good job, it's never too late to learn team dentist. That's where it's at. I have a great day. Okay. So, I think the panthers have two of them out mistaken. They got two team dentists. Open line and day in Broward, rather 5249463 and 100 green line, 1-800. Got to nerd. So you think it's easy. No big deal. Well, it's time to put your mouth on where your mouth is. You won't like it. The IOD amateur hour. Sunday, 9 to 11 p.m. Make it safe and send it. 1401 North Bay calls way Miami. 3-3-1-4-1. The O-9-Y gets from views talking entertainment video. 6-10-W-I-O-D. Your manager on Farsher Play has a drinking problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can't remember everything. We're something quite quick. I noticed that my uniform's at this event. I'm letting photo once meet. And she made it quite clear. So be it. Just be it. Hey. In one, two, and the reddit wasn't up. Break that sheet was poison gas. And my sleeping tank. I can't make it got fit. So I knew what she meant. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. Just be it. I'm married. One thing that they're thinking. One that they're receiving. No, no, no. I'm a man. I'm a be it. Just be it. Just be it. By the way, getting from Mendus response on mission impossible. Man, it must be one of the greatest movies ever. Cause the calls are just pouring in all of the shows about Tom Cruise. Mission impossible. Not. I've never heard anybody say anything about that. I had over the weekend. I saw a few reviews on the various stations and over the satellite. Most of them kind of said like like that. Not too great. Let's do Miami. Shall we? Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Perhaps after the panthers begin with. Wasn't a high command in the past. And they've certainly made me want in the past couple weeks. A couple of technical questions on the ad can start. Could you? Here how about Gazelle. They met you and we had a program. Yes. I don't think we're gonna have time to cross them. I was anxious that I'm going to. As I mentioned on the report's earlier vid clip, they will also describe things. I saw the commercial concerns about Gar았어. But they said they'll have a good night weather and drizzle acho. For example, on a deploying the zoo? Yeah. You know, any weather you still look like? I'm going to go with a digestive mat. Or I'll go with Vach했는데. It's in a small picture. I think as far as menu items are concerned. Well, I mean, like I said to somebody before, you can go through any of the fast food like Wendy's, you can go through the drive through and just tell them, give me whatever without the bun. Oh, so they will do. Primarily be set. Right. Okay, and I guess chicken works the same way. Right. And vegetables, salads, no pasta. The only thing you don't want to get chicken in the fast food joints, because most of it is breaded and it's for a boat. Uh, can't do the bread or the tissory craft. Yeah, I'm getting to write one. There are tissory stuff. Okay. Yeah, that's good stuff. Bob, are you? I'm trying to be what do you think is another staple besides chicken. Sea food, seafood. Right, turkey. Gotcha. Gotcha. Just no omelets. We're saying too easy to make it work, but I mean, like for breakfast. Yep. I mean, it really is a lot of stuff on there. The only problem I have in between is, you know, which I've had for about the last, since I got back from vacation is if there's carbohydrates around, you know, cookies, candy, ice cream, any of that crab, you just have to for a pasta rice, forget it. Just have to eliminate it. Yeah, is it effective at all to look at the labels and say, oh, it's got X% of carbon there for it's okay? Yes. Okay, so you can, don't, in fact, don't even worry about looking on a label for sugar or for ingredient. Just look at the carbs. The only thing that is worth looking on a label like if you're going to buy package meets most of Marno good, because they have nitrites and all that crap in there, so forget about most of those. You're better off going to the Delhi counter, getting stuff fresh. Uh-huh, so the Delhi counters won't necessarily include nitrites and whatnot. Not necessarily, you can ask, okay. I know a lot of the borer's head stuff doesn't have it. What's the percentage you look for on the label as a percentage of carbon to be less than that? Meaning 15% 10%. Why don't, don't look for the percentage. It'll tell you persevering how much is in there. Oh, okay. And like the best is zero. I mean, if it says like one gram persevering, you're in good shape. Okay. Okay. One more question on this wonderful pie. By out you've had with Cox, guess they're going to split up you in Henry for sure. The question about that. Right. And they're going to expect, I guess, the results they've had in the past. And obviously what Mr. Paxon based his purchase power on, a ratings of that, I'll diminish if you split those two. Would you agree with that? I don't know what they really have in mind. I already can't tell you, because I have no idea what they're going to put on any afternoon, who's all kinds of rumors about who's going to be on AM and who's somebody going to have them. And at this stage, we're like as much in the dark as you are. Well, they're morning business review. I guess they're going to try to sequester you to a great degree in probably a rid of the sex show at night. And do a much more realistic type thing. More realistic type. If you will. That'll be a switch. Yes, it will. Okay. Good luck with the ratings. Good luck to you. It was okay. More realistic. Yeah, we're going to have maybe a preacher on there. How do you like that? Hallelujah. Oh, it's picking up preachers and put your hands on, depending on where you're putting them on. You notice HBO is on his great kick now. They got like a whole bunch of movies on there about child molesting priests and a Roman Catholic Church as in. Father, who? God. Which, in that kind of interesting, I guess they're only isolated incidents. A few thousand here, a few thousand them over there. Pretty isolated. Let's go to a date on a purple line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. I want to thank you very much for charting me on the hockey three years ago. Yes, sir. I'm thinking my life and it's just the greatest. And in second of all, I want to warn everybody down there. I don't know if you heard, but Sunday, I went down to the arena. I purchased myself a couple of those bleed seeds for 200 bucks. Right. They turned out to be bogus. Nice. They're like that. They're like that. A little counterfeit ticket action there. A little counterfeit fiction. So, so you got ripped off. He just got the shaft. Oh, my God. Unbelievable. I didn't mind spending my 200 bucks. I was like dying to see the game. But my money and got shafted. How did they know which tickets were bogus? Well, I have a daily there was about four or your 50 of us. They had the same seeds. So. Nobody. How do they know which pair were right? I don't know. I mean, I kept on actually I kept on asking them that and I go, well, this looks like like what's wrong with it? I can go, no, no, it's terrible. And I go, well, bring it. Very real ones. So I can see it's different. Right. It's different. No, no, we don't need to. We know. And then the nice lady down there, she goes, well, you shouldn't buy tickets out there from scouper's and I go, lady. I stood in line. I was number nine. I couldn't get tickets. I lost my split to get them. She was the next time by season ticket. Right. Yeah. Yes. It's just like a rich like Neil. There you go. I'll put you up and don't do it again, pal. I'll try not to Neil. Okay, good luck. Let them know. Thanks. Okay. There you go. You better beware of not only scalpers, but scalpers that are selling counterfeit bogus tickets. And of course you're going to ask me, well, how do I know if they're real or not? And I'm going to tell you. Good question. We have two open lines in date, 7519463. Unbelievable. 751 Wild. And that's something. How do you like to, you know, fork over 400 bucks for a couple of tickets and then go inside and find out, well, guess what? You don't have any tickets, any route 400 bucks. Hmm. Of course it is. A neighborhood where it's car common to, uh, hear the sounds of gunfire. So I guess nobody would think anything out of the ordinary. If you find a guy that's holding the tickets. Here is an avantura. Hello. Avantura. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a hockey fan who's in the no-loose situation. Yeah. So I think that's the most of the most. We're going to go to the finals. I can move for a. I'm from Pittsburgh, obviously. Right. And being from Pittsburgh, the only tie to keep me with him is, the little, the, the mu factor. He was with the team when I first moved the Florida. Right. Uh, that's what, what's, what's, keeps my allegiance there. Uh, I think it's a shame that a person like you that has done as much as you have to promote the game of hockey and get the interest. And the juice is flowing isn't that that game tonight. Oh, I agree. I can't believe this to me. It's so bush league that it just defies description. Even if your company that you worked for didn't make provisions to have you there, high-sing us should have had you there. Oh, yeah. There's no appreciation for you. I'm afraid you're breast of that. There is no appreciation. I go back to the Hornets. Right. Mayors. Danny Lowicki. Right. And, and the Pittsburgh roots are there. Uh, my pants. One thing I'd like the, uh, stands of Florida to know, they should be very proud of this team. And just remember one thing, when you do get a Lamue or a lindros or a messier, you'll love it. I mean, the guys that you hate or another team, she would love it. They were all right. Oh, you better believe it. And thanks, no. Okay. We have an open line in a Broward 5249463. We got two and day two. As in, uh, what was that? Nothing. It certainly wasn't feel hungry. Screening explicatives really loud. Was that feel hungry in there? Yeah, but let me say something for us. Let me say something later. 751 WOD. He's losing the man. I can't say that I blame him because this situation really sucks. Okay. I mean, it's one thing that I said this the other day. And I'll say it again. It's, and it's not going to change anything. I'm just expressing everybody's frustration collectively. It's one thing to be in limbo like for a couple of days, a couple of hours, a couple of hours, but to be in limbo for three or four months. And it's just like this guy talking about them sending me to Pittsburgh. Does he? Does anybody really believe that Cox is going to fork out money to buy me a plain ticket and say, Hey, take the day off and, you know, we got no business on the long day anyway. Looks like we're going out of business altogether. I could have cut the spots for today like in five minutes. And we could have got all of business on there, which is all anybody we decares about anyway. Get the spots on here. Let's collect the revenue and that's all they would have cared about. We could have gone up there last night had a great show today. I mean, talking to some real people up there, getting some real information out as opposed to Remarkall and telling us funny stories about Doug McClellan and him again. And it would have been great. And then could have gone to that game tonight and rooted for the Panthers and taken my life in my hands and had one hell of a day. Instead, it's like we're caught. We're like in a purgatory man. We're like between a great place and a dark place. And we're not sure which is which. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you doing? My name is Mike. I'm new to the game of hockey and it's due to you. And I wanted to ask you two questions because I'm not sure quite where to start. With the Panthers going to the Rio Arena and everything. For next year, for season tickets. But they're not going to the Rio Arena next year. Well, they're going to be there one in two, three years. We've got two more years, two more seasons in the old arena and then 98 99 in the new arena. Okay. Well, then in the case of getting season tickets for next year, season. Right. Go to you, contact. And what you're chance of getting good seats of that, you know, for next year. Uh, the chances are slim. Based on based on all the interest I see now. But I mean, there are season tickets to the out there. But you got to call that 1-800-GOPANCE-PA-N-T-H. But uh, there is going to be one sticking point with this whole thing. And that is when they moved from the present arena to the new one. Just like when the dolphins move from the orange bull to the Jorabi. Right. I don't really know how they go about making the switch over. You know what I'm saying? In other words, they always tell you that they're going to give you comparable seats. But I know that'll, and of course in this situation, you're going to have like 6,000 more seats in the new arena than in the old one. So it should be no problem. But I know many people who have been seasoned dolphin ticket holders for years in the orange bull, who were told all the good stuff and they moved to Jorabi Stadium and they wound up getting really crappy seats. So that's something I don't know how they're going to work it out. Well, how soon can you call up that number and get season tickets for next year? Right now. Really? I'm about maybe not right now, but I know it's this week because remember we show me the order for me. I know they went out for this. I think you can at least call that number and find out what day it is. But I know it's sometime this week. And that's 1-800-GOPAN. PA-N-T-H. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Okay, pal. Good luck. You're doing great. Thanks. Take care. Yeah. I think there's going to be a big run. I mean, we had 9,500 and 96. We had over 9,000 season ticket holders this year. Everybody in their brother is jumping on a bandwagon. The fans has become a very in and very chic and very exciting thing. And this is where it's at, which is great. Because now we got to build more additional fan interest in these next two season. So that come when we do get the new arena and sunrise by my house. We'll be able to fill up that two and every night with 20,000 seats. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, okay, Boca. First time calling, I think I'm a breather in Boca. Okay. And I love you, show, et cetera. I wanted to call you earlier, but the first game of the Panthers. I'm watching it. This course still 0,000. I'm already screaming and yelling. Right. And my daughter, who is in second grade, she says, Dad just come down. That's why. You know what I said? Why? This is what the Panthers are going to win. I said, well, how do you know that? This is a message for all those disbelievers and also maybe uplifting for you. She says, because catchy birds. There you go. There you go. My case. Okay. Excellent. Okay. We have an open line and day to best news. We heard all day today from a guy that alleges to know that lives the right in the neighbor. And I know that guy. So I don't think he's telling any tales. Lives near one of the Fox executives, one of the Fox hot shots. The glowing puck, the Fox tracks, the whatever it had you call it. It's going, baby. I mean, I'd be going before the playoffs are over. But it's on the way out. It's say a lot of you as he said. It's history. Thank God. Thank the Lord. I'm going to say a brochar right now, baby. 24, 2, a WIOD. Standard brands and Mitsubishi have teamed up to say no, no down payment. No payments. No interest and no accrued interest for 15 months on Mitsubishi with a prove credit. That's right. Standard brands and Mitsubishi say no. So hurry and the standard brands right now. Pay nothing for 15 months on any Mitsubishi TV. Big screen. The new 40 inch big tube. Any at all Mitsubishi electronics. No down payment. No payments. No interest. 15 months with a prove credit. Head into summer with the Mitsubishi electronics. You want and pay nothing for them for over one four year. Nothing for 15 months. Standard brands and Mitsubishi just say no. Just like Nancy would have you say. In four, lotter day earlier, find a standard brands on federal highway. Just north of Oakland Park Boulevard in Pompano and Atlantic. Quarter mile West to Vine 95. In coral springs and university drive just north of Atlantic. And in Pembroke Pines and Pines Boulevard. Just west to Pompano. In fact, if Reagan could remember, he'd know the answer used to say no. A lot. Nobody know where no how beats a standard brands deal. At 610 WIOD, we talk a lot about the dolphins. But this week they'll have to wait. Big burly guys, smacking each other and swapping a little puck around. Get the spotlight in the quest for Lord Stanley's Cup. The most Panther coverage is right here. On news, talking entertainment radio. At 610 WIOD. 142 WIOD. We have an open line in date. 751. Bokeh Brian. If you're listening, you'll be pleased to know that Mitch Weene is going to swap our CD players. So one of these days, we can play some of the cuts from your great CD. That's right. Bokeh Brian needs us to be playing that stuff and promoting it around. He's not going to make any money from that. Bokeh Brian just relax. Okay, pal. You're okay. You're a part of the deal. Okay. Wherever we're going, you're going too. Believe you, me. You'll be there. Burning like here's my name is gone. My name is gone, George. Here's the lady in cross brings. Hello. Hi, you know, Neil, I was going to the game for all year when there was like nobody there. And I was not saying there was nobody there. There were T-3,000 empty seats in many of the games. Yes. And then they used to leave like 50 minutes before the game was over. Right. Coming in the middle of the first period, leave early in the third period. We get a lot of those people. Yes. I see you. So you're always there. I'm there. But like now everybody's panther crazy. And you know, I tell people I've been there. Been there done that. I was there when I was freezing out. I was there. And now all of a sudden everybody likes hockey. Everybody's into into the panthers. But you know what if it was football season now. They wouldn't be such a big hockey fan. I don't agree with that. Hockham. Because it's because they're winning. Because it's a big thing. Yeah. But they're bandwagon juppers. They want to grab on anything. That's going on. Okay. And so what happens if they live? A big still going to be like go hockey or is it going to be on to the next? On that that remains to be seen. I can't answer the question. Well, I'm the lead. The real fans will still be fans more so than ever. And some of the bandwagon juppers will stay on because they realize how great it was. And then the real phony is the real synthetic people that are just the transparent is a pain of glass. They'll be hopping off. I mean it's incredible. I dropped on the street and they have a written all over their cars, go panthers. And I'm like, you know, I used to tell my friends I'm going to the game plane. They're going, why? Why are you going to a game? Yeah. What's a point? It's a lot of money. What do you know, it's just like the reds like the IOD seats. We have those six seats. They're two which are mine in that row. And many, many again, the season the other four IOD seats at their empty set. They're very vacant. Nobody in this place wanted them. Nobody was using them and they just sat there. And here at the selling phony tickets. And that's right. There was many nights there. They're half the place was empty. Right. And now, not, not, not. You keep saying that. But we've never had a crowd of less than 11,000 and some. But yeah. So we've had two and three thousand empty seats for a whole bunch of games. But we never had that bad. You're right. Just two. We're not hard for Doradoa. Right. Right. That's right. Well, anyways, I'm a Panther fan and I think they're going to go all the way. And I'm excited. And women like hockey also. They sure do. That's right. Okay. Sweetheart. See you Thursday. Okay. We have an open line of dates. 7. 5. 1. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 3. 4. 4. 6. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 5. 4. 5. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. To учilide the flowers here in signinformal, char았어요 No change For the loving Well To let the star To the wichtige To her It's been strong, it's been a pain Oh, it's been a pleasure to drown now But the chance may end up getting Oh Lord, it's been strong, it's been a pain Oh, it's been a pain We'll have a check to stop that shot in along the ice Clear it at the length of the ice as he crossed the center The team is changing and his head is gone, dropped it back Right, he's thinking about putting the flight in I've driven his heart, he's hunting in, out of shot score I'm in for a second, this is the game It's really, really scary and they go on This is over I'm not that surprised I hope just to piss off Greg Coattex It's the Panthers and the Red Wings in the finals You know what I'm saying? Just so that he's wrong on both counts, Mr. Expert, Mr. Hotshot And the Harold there dot the eye Boy, what a sour, what a negative And for no reason There are a lot of things you can criticize in his town I mean, it was anybody know that better than I do But just to be negative for the hell of it Like he didn't have column this morning I mean this man, if we don't have 50,000 people cancel the Harold today I don't know what they they'll do it on When they'll ever come to their senses What a piece of direct, what an absolute piece of garbage And by the way, one's Ike Seaman's going to come on channel six And give us a story about the finalization of the Miami arena for the heat I thought that was supposed to have been done already Wasn't it before the end of May? Which today looks like the 28th to me? I have an ordo story on that, have you? Mr. Carroyo, maybe he's going to come up with a money personal Maybe he's going to go out there Maybe somebody in Miami's got some good drugs they can pedal And come up with all the millions they need to build that new arena Down there by the water, right by the port Right by Mr. Harrison's thing We're still waiting on that, Ike Here's my, me, hello Yeah, when Phil Henry leaves his steep cane going to take his place I sure have no idea That them To waste coffin That's... Use sound like a light bulb listening to me Yeah, exactly In fact, you sound like somebody working at the light bulb Is what it sounds like to me, probably boy, they're really up in and they're pants over there Let me see it again We don't accept calls from the light bulb from listeners, from employees From relatives, from boyfriends, girlfriends, some we can't identify from pet We don't, we're not interested So this, this attempt of them, to suddenly like in true On the good thing that we got going over here Trust me what I tell you there will, we will continue to go our separate ways Just like we got the coast on the hallway here We got hot 105 down the end of the hall And we all operate like our own entity here We don't go in there and interact with, we don't go right in the middle of Johnny Dark Show and start screaming douchebag on a coast They might have some numbers if we did But we don't do that And so one of the things that the light bulb people better Understand immediately if not sooner and I can only speak for myself Not anybody else is that we will not be interacting Got it, not interacting, interfacing, interacting, interacting, doing anything Here is Hollywood, hello Yes sir What happened to Woly in this series? He's not planned He's not planned He's not, he's the odd man out Hmm, because he seemed to be like one of the important guys on the point I think he played a couple of pretty crappy games there and he's out He's out Yeah Woly, let me ask you this on defense Who would you have out if you wanted to put him back in or who would you take out That is a good question Yeah I just don't know how powerplay hasn't been really clicking And he seems when he's on the powerplay at the point Yeah, but you know something defensively, you can't, you can't afford the mistakes And it seems to me, Woly when he was playing great He had that period there for Woly was just unconscious But then he just started making a lot of lapses defensively and they just came to afford to do that That's true, I do understand that And what's box needs to do is bring back Peter Puck I agree That's what they needed I agree with that I mean if they want to teach the fans how to watch the game If they want to put something on there to give us a I couldn't agree with him, why don't they do that and start trying to turn a game into a video game Exactly Amen Thanks Thanks pal Okay, and also thanks to our friends at San Pellagrina We got some water over there That's a beautiful thing man, I feel like I'm, I got my Italian thing over here My program for my computer, I'm going to go home and learn Italian in five minutes I'm going to just, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, whatever it is What do they say my own? Yeah Jimmy my own, I'm telling you, but on him and you say oh my god I'm going to be talking fluida, Tavi, I don't like you wouldn't believe And we got the San Pellagrina water, so I'll be like tap it on it and drink it at the same time Let's go to a lady in Boiton Beach, hello That's you Neil Hello Neil Yes, ma'am I definitely have cancer goosebumps today I am so nervous Oh yeah You help a lot Jolene helps a lot, what a song Yeah, I got to get that song out of lady machine and it was like It's all set in my mind, oh yesterday, you know, I've song go over and over in your mind Uh-huh Anyway, go panthers, I just want them to win tonight so much Well cross your fingers in your legs sweetheart Okay, maybe you're eyes too, I couldn't hurt Do I have a care and black number there You have your panthers, oh yes we do The way you skate and score and follow through Oh Bring on your grand, well you Oh panthers, we love you Oh, we love you, screwed land Oh yes we do Yeah Even when you took that double two First, ficing, brinjal more Clean through Oh screwy, we love you Oh, we love you, Malambi You're where it's at You made the season You're of the wrath Why am I very safe, rich cat? Scott Malambi Where it's at? Yes We love you, neither, Meyer You've really bloomed Like a flower in a sunny room Oh, you're gonna skug in Oh yes we do Rob, neither, Meyer, we love you Oh, we could have a black number Oh, we love you, beaver Oh yes we do With your mighty pads and gloves and two We'll give the credit where it's due Then be fair quee, love you Oh, we love you, Lansing Oh yes we do The way you beat Ray Bork and ran for two Yes That's what handy girl was called Bill and C, we love you Oh, we love you, dogma claim Oh yes we do You'll be coach of the year Because it's true Unbelievable You brought us all this way Who knew Oh, Panthers We love you Oh, unbelievable Okay, 154 W. Y. D. Joel in She's the best In fact, she said she was going to the studio Put in some music behind that And recording like One big gigantic with all the names with the whole thing Uncombered and unbridged And etc. Whatever And we're waiting on it Okay, here's Miami, hello Hello Yes sir Hi, this is Marco, can I talk to the opening Speaking Neil I'm going to improvise And I'm going to go What is this? Impour And the old lady And if you would like to trace some of the Fiddell's finest for a couple of Panthers What's the question again Would I like to one? Fiddell's finest for a heart Okay Interchange for what? A couple of tickets No Okay, we have an open line in day It's 7.519463751 W. Y. O. D. Here's the lady in Miami Hello Yes, man Can you listen to the sounds It's like Martian sounds Do you hear it? A Martian sound Yeah, you know when in the other days Those movies were the Martians who are landing And they'd have that One sound Right Can you hear it? No It's kind of hard What is it? I'm trying to pick up The one that I'm trying to pick up The one that I'm trying to pick up The one that I'm trying to pick up Oh, there it is, yeah It's here on 30 second in South 6th The one that I'm trying to pick up The Martians are landing on where is South the one South 6, we are in 30 second Oh yeah Well I knew if they ever came That'd be where they would go I heard parkiers Oh yeah, that's a lot It's a way to think If I go north from a month and a half and I can't figure it out Yeah That's not what I call it I call it that the actin Uh-huh Once again, I got a bunch of for you I've got a kick attack part It's run of me Yeah The ingredients say Too much carbs in those butterware things Oh, no, it's matter of fact they have zero carbs You're right You're a good part The ingredients say sugar Don't worry about it Let me say it again Forget about reading If it says zero carbs Then went and doubt the check them out Okay But I've already lost 30 pounds on it Anyway This is just like that No, but that's a good idea That's an excellent idea For example, when I go to the airport If I'm on my best behavior Which lately I haven't been But if I am And you go into a little thing To get your newspaper and your magazines And instead of getting a candy bar Something you eat while you're waiting for the plane You get some tick tax Because they got zero carbs You're right Now what about butterware? I have not tried that Do you know anything about them? Do you all? Got to check it out Breath assured Yeah We have the tried it all the time But those are like those are like little capsules Those wouldn't have any carbs There's like garlic things And garlic parsley And rosemary and the Simon and Garf are correct No problem Okay, keep it up sweetheart Okay What's he say? Here's the cross-praying Hello Good afternoon Yes sir Long long time ago You had a cup that you played And somehow it got lost Called the Clinton Would you be interested in getting it back You didn't get lost Do you mean do the Clinton? That's correct And they get lost Okay, George is looking for it for a long time for him And I finally got it out of California Well wait a minute Before you go Are you sure that we lost that George? We didn't lose it And the reason I like it It's like it's like four minutes long I know that it's hard to do Two different things Well why? What's the call? What's he talking about? What what? I don't know What am I supposed to say George? I don't know what you're talking about Do the Clinton right That's what it's called We got it Oh okay Because George