you know the gender of the baby let's put your little uh... chart of the test were right here okay uh... conception was january such a month of january yeah and she will if the baby comes on time she will just if turn thirty five by like four days when the baby comes did you see his little thing uh... well what is chart say i'll tell you what i just said did you see his little thing because he has one uh... not according to the ultrasound well then maybe you're he's got one may you're you're uh... giving birth to a future bread pit maybe oh man that be terrible there you go you don't you don't suppose it's like turned in itself maybe it's in bishop junior now all man how old you're a new staff well that case would not be the whole thing yeah hold a sheet so you're thirty four now should be thirty five in the baby comes either way in january thirty four thirty five to mail uh... well yet you in that little magic box disagree with the time you want she's going to be held a total tennis player golfer well you know there you want a lot of money there mister long as long as the long as the things don't get in the way now right right well and and that was for sure i mean they got a real good glimpse they got a good clear look at it he said that uh... you know with their was not one where he expected to find one so it's gonna be a little girl i just said ancient chinese secret not in fallible right that's true all right i thought you back in our cover and let you know for sure will hold our breath okay we're looking at the back on hold pick the up of October okay nine fifty seven hands a free call he's on a mobile calmer back better than ever return a full card sign-up casting exciting racing action the season promises to be the best ever with more ways more great prices to win you know the opening day more everyday weekend that's like tomorrow now tomorrow friday there's free grandstand admission in a chance to win more on saturday the first ten thousand fans of calmer will get a free gift sunday every sunday you can come out to call her fifty thousand dollar handy cap in contest and then our monday which is memorial day that could be your most memorable if that ever a chance to win one million bucks as always you can enjoy the taste of calmer they've got everything from bagels to Jamaican food the latin corner coney aisle hot dogs dunk in donuts carvel ice cream you can get as fat as a horse and eat like one two don't miss the opening weekend this weekend to calmer race course just two blocks north of jol robbie stadium exes off the turnpike post-time one pia racing thursday through monday the radio station design for an open draw bridge w i o d my m e four to other day a news talking entertainment radio 16 w i o d good morning at ten o one on jackie quit with six ten w i o d news brought to buy my m u subs and it's eighty right now in south florida next news update eleven a clock bulletins at one time jackie quit news talking entertainment radio so ocace senate Staves with Don't Forget Bill Wise Chermahoney, Johnny, Dolan, A.W. Next, the name is Goville and Hummus Dan Major, Darcy, Mac and Tyre The prize-variant Larry Pato, Coney, Fudge, Sharon Fizzas, Joan, Hand, Sisters, please go and the Fair of Pa. We can't forget the people Though we tried to hide them and forget We knew them They used to work beside us Even though this time they made a fool's our minds And we bear a wick, Alpantam, Dean Gary Boose, Jeff Clark, Johnny, Dark and Joseph Gackie Hank, Goville, Mac, Green, Marvin, All-Man, Or a neat, Stephanie Lewis, Queen, and Whimstone Forget Me Between. Oh, these are all the people Though our still here working And meals still working We are all just people Though our outfit here in just a make-o-airing I would like to experiment with it And we're out there giving Come to make a living You go! Okay, 10 away to WOD, it's a great day for the Irish And the Jewish and everybody else, I'll tell you that God, I haven't felt this good in years And that amazing? You think it's just like Now that the weight of all of that is off of our shoulders Or is it even something beyond that? I think it's more something beyond that if you ask me But I don't want to get too graphic and the In detail about that at least till September So anyway, if anybody's got any questions for us If anybody wants to know what the latest rumors are I got to really laugh about some of the people in this town Especially the media people And they're trying to get a hold of this one And get statements from that What in the course many of us are not returning a lot of these calls Because what's the point? So they're just listening to the radio I'm, hey good morning to all of you guys And then the writing articles about it How you doing Tom Jika? Tom's okay, he's all right, he's just a little And you know what's how you had to get Hank's name in there again today I mean what the hell did Hank have to do with any of this But somehow he got the he worked Hank's name in there And Melissa she had to work David Ross's name in there Because Super David would have been upset if she didn't So you know they always say there's always something to read between the lines and these articles So anyway, what do we say about now yesterday at about What time were they here from Channel 4 and by the way thanks to them They did a really nice piece did you see it on the five or six o'clock? No, at 530 how they did nice job But in fact even Cambrell cracked up there a little bit He had that lip cruled up in here that big one and he kind of was amused But anyway, we thank them profusely for that But it's true me for a loop when they come in here and they're asking me about well What about Phil Henry leaving a what about her and summers this net? And here we just had that meeting yesterday morning And we're like sworn to secrecy and we're gonna keep this under wraps which of course you would assume that was gonna be the case Because you don't want to have somebody on the year as a lane duck for like three months and everybody calling it Everybody oh jeez you leave it what are we gonna do are you sure? So I didn't know what to tell to say So I just said well we're sworn to secrecy and we can so nobody can blame us here on the air for spilling the beans But everybody else evidently did and you know, it's sad because Phil is a great talent and Sometimes full of crap, but that's the way we all are But I don't know what to help we're gonna be doing there for three or four months or however long as takes because it's kind of a strange kind of a Twisted You don't want to don't you find it or am I wrong and then we're going to be in here for months? That's part is gonna be oily. That's gonna be a really dicey situation because we're gonna be I mentioned this yesterday The sale should go through like the end of August to the beginning of September But we will still be in this building with the Cox people who people are gonna stop talking every time we walk into the room. Yeah Cox by look out So there'll be a packs in own station in the midst of the Cox Complex here and then of course they're building the thing up in a Hollywood which if they live long enough the coast and Hot 105 and there are other acquired properties which I'm sure there will be some more will be in there not a M And we'll be moving up to a 441 and I want to say Miami Gardens drive is that right? Is that what he said? First well, that's yeah, that's about that close to the county line But 441 and much much closer to where almost of us live in a brand new beautiful state of the art building with state of the art digital equipment and Sounds pretty damn good and from hearing from some of the people over there in that complex They got some pretty damn swanky equipment already now Because I guess they believe in it and of course there are those people saying well, how are you gonna be able to Work for buddy bud packs and you ripped them for years well, that's true Of course I ripped the Cox people for years when I was over at INZ in da Zeta and Mike Disney in specific and then all of a sudden you uh wind up working over here You see that's the way the world is it makes for strange bed fellows as they say which brings me to this facts from a David Gravy line Congratulations, Neil welcome to the packs and family you're in bed with a bunch of us now welcome to the free David Gravy line how do you like that? I don't want to be in bed with David Gravy line now Brian the board off who called it yesterday That's another story we can discuss that But David Gravy line. I don't think so as in no way But nice uh, yeah, they're all like it's like we feel connected to them don't we don't you all of a sudden feel a little bit connected to At least some of them some of the packs and people now and we feel very disconnected from the Cox people in fact I walked in that door this morning and there were some of the Cox folks who like look at you out of the corner They're out there he is again another Zeta And we definitely do I know that I speak for a Rick and for suds and for anybody else who's gonna be Moving over to the packs inside we do want to apologize to all of the Cox people for Costing them so much money these past the least in my case seven and a half years and preventing them for making a nice healthy profit And Not getting those numbers and getting the whatever it is that we were supposed to get I really I feel bad I feel insufficient after that speech by Bob Neil yesterday morning. I feel somehow I've let I've let my leaders down And I know that somewhere long line. I'll have to repent and make good for that 10 13 don't isn't that with the way it was it just me because I know the other people I was spoken to had the same feeling yesterday He kind of like in that speech All he really had to do was say um, you know, it's not been a financial winner for us and We're basically moving our direction and we're selling to packs and then good luck to all of you and You'll find out what to start with is isn't that what would have been necessary? That's all I need to have been said But it was kind of presented in a matter as if well, you know, we tried everything under the sun We haven't been able to make money with this turkey and you people have been like a burden on us So all you way and people You're like that you know that that's kind of the feeling that I got I felt like unclean I kept smelling my shoes 10 13 a Wiod it's Memorial Day madness if Kendall Toyota Kendall Toyota's management has gone nuts and authorized the release of the lowest Memorial Day sale prices ever and when they say the lowest there are not talking through their butt Listen to this the new 96 to yourself starting at just 89 91 new 96 Corolla starting at just 10,000 991 New 96 camera starting at just 13,999 a new to coma starting at 10,591 bucks so what are you waiting for get down to Kendall Toyota before the management wakes up and realizes they're practically giving These new Toyota's away It's no hassle no negotiating or price shopping because they got one price selling and your old car is worth $4,000 toward the purchase of select new 96 Toyota's it's all waiting for you right now As always the best deals in the world at Kendall Toyota a new s1 just out the day land $4,000 trade offer a new 96 to it is based on MSRP excludes yourselves our our AV force our AV force for Reddison Corolla's offer not conjunction with any other offer one trade for deal on approved credit Why they the from news talking entertainment radio 610 double U I O D 10 17 and W I D we want to find out about mission impossible We'd like to save the audience some money or give them reason to go out and spend it, you know you can read those reviews in the newspaper And you know sometimes they're on targets sometimes they're full of crap and again who the hell are they to be? You know they're getting paid just for giving you their opinion God I sure he'd to be in that position getting paid for given my opinion But anyway, so what's out of those movie reviews now so we'll find out from some people who've seen it already Which I'm sure there are many they were just flocking because the hype is just incredible I mean it is just supposed to be and the things that I read about it was like it was okay and A special effects were great and Tom Cruise look pretty good for him but other net who knows we'll find out. I mean it was no seven Here's our first call of the day. This is gonna be a moment to stay for us make no mistake about that by the way I'm sure that the whole reneary crowd are listing this morning. I turned over to them just in time to hear Mikey say this morning. I'm getting a little tired of that crap I can tell you right now and also say that fill a sting with Cox enterprises which means he must have some real interesting pictures Here's Boca hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I want you to I want to read you know on a goal that Joel point wrote on a New York Times to the he's a national hockey writer Yes, sir. He says him unbelievable the last paragraph he says as for the Eastern conference finals Yes, the sports faces the crisis the possibility that the pants there's could take the sleep and dozing act into the finals Then he says if the Panthers win four of seven games the league to either demand a recount or amended spiral or some Stenis round to the best no in a best of Evan To the finals this guy would be the last one the Panthers style of play could devastate the television ratings of Fox Network and ESPN and Natch Possibility of the Stanley Cup presented South Florida on a steamy night during the week of summer solstice as fans live of the ice with rats At least we'll find opt to push our traditional but not plastic rat plastic rat is nothing sacred The you believe a guy who's the national writer of the New York Times right now Oh, absolutely because he's a pseudo intellectual what does he know how about the New York Times and the New Jersey devils who are right there on our doorstep It were 10 times last year. They were 100 times more boring than will ever be and how about the Detroit Redwinz who are a thousand times more boring than either one of them I can't yeah, right underneath it was an article floor to now a hot hockey property where it says what a great job Torc Bill Tory there you go, but I mean I can't this is unbelievable I don't pay any attention that it's just a bunch of spoiled sports They don't have any New York team or New York area team that's got a shot at being in it So right away they got a rip every buddy else who them Well people are the people that really know like the CBC people They're given us the credit that we deserve they we need to know the game They really know what it's all about and all these people think that somebody owes it to them to create a marquee matchup So that Fox any S.P. and can get the higher ratings Fox ought to be worried about their own goddamn backyard And that stupid fox talks don't think that it tried to destroy the game instead of blaming everybody else All right, I just remember one thing fox rhymes with cox You're right have a good day and have back to you That's depressing, but you know something we don't care because we know how good this team is We know how many good exciting players we got on air. We know how many hard working guys we got in the work. We're savoring it yesterday I heard from several people Panther practice yesterday you couldn't get near there You couldn't find a parking space the place was jammed with people everybody in their brother the Stanley Cup here on the front of the sports Sex in the scum settle here's a big picture of the Stanley Cup on display at J.C. pennies Here's the guy this plunked guy that travels around from the hockey all-of-faming Toronto and travels around with a cup All of the damn place, which is why I got divorced because he's never home. He's busy with his cup all the time And here's Adam Simpson of sunrise. This kid with his toy rat and he's got the the cup sitting next to him I mean they've got the fever here, man, and if these other people think they're gonna pee on our parade Well, scorch gore back at him, you know what I'm saying? We have an open line in dates 7 519 463 7 5 1 Wiod the Green lines in Palm Beach Now what did buddy bud say yesterday about the Green lines? Once he'd have no more. Yeah, I think he said you Palm Beach people to you. I think it's way to this he own any properties of in Palm Beach County I don't think so he's got them all over Florida I shouldn't say them. I'm not sure, but I have my doubts Also the article in the Harold which I don't get there. Also I hadn't read this until I got here I didn't actually read in the business section Larry Leibowitz and Melissa Rujiri's column packs and caps radio line up with Wiod and Tom Jika who I evidently went out and bought a new radio Because he has read anything about radio and ages Wiod Diod deal could shuffle programming which Tom, it's okay, but it's a lot of assumptions like most of us are making and then I come in here And I read this Harold article Which is written by whom this is also in the business section written by Mimi Whitfield whatever name is Paximal by Wiod D and three stations in Panama City and it goes on to say here in the thing about Wiod about most people will be staying and the packs and wants to keep the dolphins and Cox insisted on keeping Afternoon talk show host Phil Henry is part of the deal Henry who occupies the two to six PM slot We're main on IOD least two August, but then reassigned one of the cox station and Then it goes on to talk about some of the rest of us. It says Paximal said there are excellent broadcasters and programmers at Wiod Although he questioned whether the language some of the muses appropriate for radio As to his concerns extended talk show host Neil Rogers known for his colorful language and insults Paximal said I'll leave that up to Neil Neil is a great broadcaster Neil God how do you like that? What did I tell you about this buddy buddy? Hello, the guy man. He's the best See it's interesting. I'm sure that they thought that some people within the cox enterprises Came of a chain of command thought that while once we found out what this was gonna be all about and especially me Going to work for buddy bud that we would be like a puke in our guts out and instead not that we've had time to digest it and go to the track and when a few bucks last night Michelle brainard God and Cash if you tick it and come back in and really think about it and talk to some people who are like objective And knowledgeable and understand just to that that we're actually worthwhile human beings That we are not some kind of you know It's kind of like we're a drag on their on their profit margin You know like we were we were bringing at corporate profit level down We were weighing them down and they just couldn't wait to cut us loose while hey have a great life Bob Neil and thanks for putting us on here in Tampa to God We could never have made it without that 1023 a WIOD Liberty gas corporation wants to introduce you to the biggest advance and outdoor cooking since the Weber kettle It's the Weber gas barbecue and it's like no other gas barbecue you've ever seen because it has the Weber flavorizer system that works without Lavarok and virtually eliminates flare-ups that can burn food the Weber flavorizer system puts the heat exactly where you want it For the total cooking control you need the Weber gas barbecues from Liberty gas corporation Made clean up easy thanks to that removable tray that directs grease away from burners and with the Weber gas Barbecues heavy duty construction They're built to withstand years and years of use and like I told you I use mine every single day of my life Liberty gas has the full line of Weber gas grills They've got over 40 grills on display starting at just a hundred twenty two bucks and the huge selection of parts in stock to Every grill is professionally assembled for your free a charge and when you buy your grid You get a free tank of gas to get you started you can also refail your tanks and they have a limited delivery or your for you too Liberty gas there is nothing like a Weber grill trust me I like I said use it. It's like my life. They're open Monday through Saturday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday's 9 to 2 You'll find liberty gas in the blue building on the corner of 441 and Pembroke Road column toll free 1 800 9 8 3 4 3 75 1 8 9 8 3 45 and remember if it's Weber It's great outdoor So you think you got to know so you think it's easy no big deal Well, it's time to put your mouth Where your mouth is? You won't like it the IOD amateur hour Sunday night's at 11 p.m. Make it safe and send it 1401 North Bay causeway Miami 3 3 1 4 1 Hi, oh my blanket from news talking entertainment Rio 610 W I O D I'm a time lad is telling to stick him up his ass in the lowest time them Is the did the valda bitty in my city not as old as dead but she sure is pretty Oh, okay, it's quite a pity Lifted on a loan on sons of the kids She got back to the it's a true setup walking by the door and her brand new get up She's fast to try to call I fall and I can't get up I fall and I can't get up You imagine us you were the one time I met you and know I yo yo yo Me and the crew used to power that blue her and now she's not allowed to dance They drove her away in an ambulance Make it come as she'll speak and beat fuck to I fall and I can't get up I fall and I can't get up I'll be the one 10 29 at W I O D we got a couple of open lines in date wait 9 Yes, 7 519 4 6 3 7 5 1 W I O D see the more that these other media outlets keep But knock in the Panthers and questioning our ability in calling us boring the more I enjoy it As we just keep going about our work in ignoring them and going about our reported grounds and went in a few games here in air and making a really interesting Which quite frankly we've won now one more game in this round of the trail red wings Which their third game is in Denver tonight and boy I got a feeling that they're gonna go down big time the red wings tonight I have a feeling they're gonna go down without a whimper Here is Fort Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I feel like an expectant father waiting for tomorrow What happened with regard to the Panthers? Right Mars a big day the party begins tomorrow. Yes, sir Also what we got to the it's just with so it's a pack What's the one day it wasn't you been thinking about in the Panthers one time? Yeah, and of course Wayne decided not to sell right Right for the time being but then again Wayne decided not to sell it to the guy from Dallas and now he says Some of his local associates and people might be allowed to buy some of it and packs and might be one of those I don't know but I I know he's very very Interest in it's I'm not given any secrets He's very interested in getting all of the sports franchises and I'm gonna tell you there's gonna be one battle for the dolphin And the Marlins and the Panthers he's already got the heat, but for those other three is gonna be you know Yeah, because the way the way it is circulating around is that he definitely wants an interest in the and and sports down here And he wants a which is big he wants his you know turned WILD into a sports station and We know I don't I don't think that that's just a rumor and What was said yesterday is that that's not gonna happen? But again who we leave knows, you know, no, that's true. Listen last night with Michelle brainage You go wide a wire no Michelle brainard warmed up a horse super slats last night in the 9th or 10th race like a like Mac low bill the greatest warm-up I've ever seen in my life Horse should have been about 9 or 10 to one opened up at even money went up to 3 to 1 and finally went off at 5 to 1 and she took a two old trip and got locked in I thought she was never gonna get out and got out on the last turn and swung wide and games zooming down his stretch in one going away Michelle got oh Is there any as far as the drivers and things to pump and always Anybody there of notoriety I mean like that while we can Kevin and things like that is Mark Obanist still there and Terry Kuros still there and Bruce Rangers having a great summer meeting. He's just smoking Bobby we still there or did he? Well, it's trying to say that Bobby Racer is a driver of note No, I friend Earl must have paid you to make this call or you kid me or what Bobby Racer? No, everybody you're a go Bobby we've had a good summer me two years ago two years ago Two years ago before his glasses got thicker than a pop bottles how about Rick shout is he hanging in there Rick went and doubt Say how to Rick shout and assist you up at the meadows have a great day pal They're killing me. Okay. We have an open line in date 7519463 We have one on a purple line mobile one cell A T T wireless so what are you here Andy? I've watched you out. Let me just tell you George right now. I want to go public with this trust me. Be number 12 very careful with this one over here. Okay There if I ever saw one who's like he's like a chameleon. He's ready to change colors And look at how red his face is right now. He's also in a very desperate situation And he's in a desperate situation because he's with the lame duck over there They in fact you see the look at the lame duck hanging right from the wall over there That's the Cox system over here. That's the lame duck hanging right from the wall And he's on that fill Henry show which fill is still one of the coxes. There's something like that, but you know So so where it what's your story? What are you gonna be when you grow up? Huh? No, we'll see what happens in other words. He's remaining flexible. So like I said tell him nothing. Okay, just go Just when Andy comes in go That's all speaking tongues and tell him nothing because he's one of those pox people This is really Isn't it when you come right down with this is more intrigued than fishing impossible. I'm telling you This is a very bizarre situation because we have these mortal enemy camps now in the same building and I know that I'm By the way every morning now go up there and get my mail. Would you please? I'm not going up I'm I'm drawing an imaginary line Wendy Bennett from the coast just came in and give me a big hug in a kiss And she's gonna be desperate because we're the only ones that feed her about once every three months and keep her alive Now have to get an IV in there to keep her going But I think right past the coast there. That's as far as I'm going at little a production room up there Whatever to help we call it little green room F2 or FU is that what they call that's as far as I'm going I'm drawing my imaginary line because I'm not going beyond there I hope she'll don't take it personally, but it's not personal. It's business I just not and maple certainly we don't want to take percussive We love maple maple is one of the great people in the building and she's on everybody side She's just a nice person which courses unusual in this joint in this business Here's Westchester hello Yes, sir. You know we're still gonna go in the market or is you gonna stay in Florida You're asking me like I know that well, that's true. I don't know he probably and I don't know what he said on the area today. He just said He's leaving Wild which is true once the cell goes through but he's staying with Cox and they have you know They have other stations like in LA and Atlanta and around the kind of Orlando so I don't know Let's hope let's hope he does good from self. He's he's a great talent. He is and By the way, what's your address there? I got a nice little poster of Felix that I want to say all right Wild Miami 3 3 1 4 1 3 1 4 1 and put Neil up and make sure you put Neil Rogers on the outside of the package and no Cox people touch this Don't and Being as I I've learned most of my Most of my free loading from you. Is there any way I can get like a rat in return? Here's the guy who's anticipating the arrest that we haven't even got yet. What when do we get what's the story on those? He said he was going to try to get them to us today Okay, we'll take this guy's name and when we get him we'll like it you one all right Thanks a lot. Do you like that? See we've already learned from buddy bud. This is barter central. We'll just to make it into a were all day swap shop I like that. Okay hang on Okay, we got two upper lines in date county. I want to see these date people getting into what here Are they excited about all these goans on here or they are busy at the cock fights again today? 7519463 751 Wild But of course if this company gets into and of course then they got the thing with Brian Cox So I guess they might call at the cock fights Which is something like what they're doing in the highly but with different well 7519463 Wild See that's what's going on there That's what's going on what he's day lines. We got line checkers over there. We got people potsking around with our lines It must be so it must be a sub to fuse and don't forget every time a line gets screwed up now between Sit now in September We're gonna run right down here into the phone room and make sure who's got their finger in it 1036 at Wild The opinions expressed by the host caster callers on Wild or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors Although UID programs are coffee right 1996 by Wild Incorporated Note-safe recordings or transgress maybe created or distributed without prior written consent of Wild Incorporated Okay 1040 at Wild Incorporated and we have an open line on a green line all three lines in date Dead or in the door nail. I thought we were gonna be sizzling today with all this channel four had that big piece Yesterday, it's all over the newspapers. It's everywhere These people don't care they don't care if it's owned by Elmer Fud all they want to do is tune in here a god damn radio show Help us kill four hours every day. You know and of course I could see during go on and on and you know A feather my own nest so to speak and talk about the fact that when you got a 6.6 year 2554 and an AM station You number one in the entire market and you do it without a single without anybody lifting a finger without one A TV spot without a billboard without a newspaper a without a guy with a sandwich board running up and down Lincoln Road Malseng a tune in a disguise might be pretty good anything I think that's a major guy damn miracle and I'm not gonna let some two foot tall guy with BDI standard Make a speech and make me feel somehow insufficient like I or anybody else here have let these people down Okay, we've worked our asses off some of us for a very long time here without getting very much on the other ass And we're sitting here with a computer man. It's like I said yesterday kids could have creases for a nickel could go out and buy something more sophisticated than this This is like even Mark Coney is laughing at this thing So while I want to say without knocking anybody of course is Okay, let's go to four four louder Dale hello For louder Dale What's going on back there? What is this guy doing? Are we like chop liver now or what? Hello Hey, yeah, yeah, sir. God. How you doing? Okay, I know a cut-jov guard there We were like on a roll. I was pontificating for hours. I know I'm here working. Okay, need to Listening to the news this morning. I'm here in enemy territory big time, huh? Yeah, see you later fill What do you think about that? I'm not happy about it. Yeah, you know I went through the change as a listener of WID. I went through the change of my written social morning Right Suck it up, you know they had rain either brochill and I like fill He's a holly and told you man. Yes. I don't want to seem go a little devious I'm time but a intelligent guy that's the beauty of it right because I think I'm like that also yeah I vote for having you to be an announcer for the Panthers right you got my vote And if I can share that with everybody else out there. Let's vote Neil in okay also You're likely to be the Mars matter fact great Broward officials walked with the table. I you know something don't even get excited about that It's like it says if you read the whole article it says this is expected to happen a few times This is what goes on with these negotiations and Wayne being you know the kind of guy that he is It's squeezing him as hard as he can and they're acting This it's the same kind of stuff's been going on all over The article it says in no way does this jeopardize the plan? It's gonna happen It's a use to code align from somebody else. It's not a question of if it's a question of when How do you like that? Well what about the delay of the season start 98? Not gonna delay. I just got through telling you that I get it done good Just don't get all paranoid because of some headline and newspaper. I get nervous because I'm going out and buying season tickets next Have no fear the Panthers are here to stay Exactly My Cuban buddy do spec matter fact a very prominent Multimedia narrative within the past 24 hours Neil is a great broadcast. You're how do you like that? I don't care how much money he has I don't have that much. I know you're a great broadcast. There you go. All right even though we did let the Cox people down Heels a great broadcast. Oh well But anyway, yes, who is it? Who it is? I want to call Lenny a douchebag. Okay, Lenny you're a Julio Jubin three time having sex four children douchebags Okay, hey, not about average. Have a great life Must be pretty damn potent. I'll tell you that we have an open line in the Theyed 7519463 we got one in Broward five to four. We've had no reviews on fish and impossible yet and I realize it just it opened yesterday right The previews were Tuesday Yeah, yesterday was Wednesday. I know we've been under a lot of stress Is matter fact the week is actually flown by for some reason which I can't put my finger on it time is flying by Adam before you know it. It'll be September Full of tons at once. I'm Terry Griffin news talk in entertainment radio 610 W. I O.D. Oh new my queen God Wow, let's step when we grow up on We're gonna be a fan like them again Not till now Introducing the metal band of the nineties politically and it fundamentally correct on Let it's simply featuring Robert Plan Yeah, he could all right man. What about the music on let it's simply choose to speak to our entire age wage is that man? Mineral Got a whole lot of bills Oh Yeahbench music touches me. It will punch every body But she wants kids to date So she's getting it on with a baster On latice Marm's always assembly centers? 20 years ago hang out Like a wasme. Yeah. Was it? I can't remember. 1106 at WIOD. Happy Thursday. We're like celebrating over here. Jumping up and down. We're having a party in our pants. We're talking only to certain specific people in the building. Of course. We have an open line in day. 7.5. We got one in Broward 5.2.4. And we got one on a green line. Look at that. Like one for everybody. And let's do Opalaka. Hello. Opalaka is gone. Oh my god. You got to be kidding me. Two Opalines in day 7.5. 109.4.6.3. Where is the feeling? Where is the emotion? Where is the, where is it? Work, work can we put our finger on it? That's what I like. Did that work in Erwatt? It did work in Erwatt? So what am I supposed to tell you? Boker Brian's got his new CD out. Is that in the work and they get that? Try a different disc. Yeah. If you got how many of you got it those? What is your one? Well then bring me a different disc. I'll guarantee you it'll work in this piece of Drec. What do you expect from us? We got all the equipment in the UK. This ain't like packs and stuff. Yet this is old Drec. Well that's another thing by the way. Since we're going to be under after September, since we're going to be stuck in here, are they going to put some new stuff in here temporarily? What are you laughing about? It's going to be owned by this is going to be WID packs and communications. So they might actually at least temporarily come in here and at least some of the stuff like like cart machines and the CD players and stuff like that that are like not permanent. That can be moved. They might actually do something with that. Okay, I've stuck the disc in this machine and it ain't going to queue up. I think this machine is anti-Semitic or something. It absolutely refuses to play Brian's CD. It hates me. It hates you like poison. And look at that. It won't stop spinning. It's like a goddamn drapele thing. Well, not style you have to turn a machine off to get the thing to come out of there. It did play enough too far. It did play in here. Yeah. Well it's not going to make any difference. Trust me. That won't do anything. Okay, well just keep trying, pal. Good luck to you, Brian. I like that said, where can they buy that? Okay, so Boca Brian's got his CD just came out and it's called Meet Boca Brian as an MEAT meet Boca Brian and it's got a picture of all several pictures of Brian looking as like the Beatles on a front, oh each one uglier than the other. And it says featuring the Boca song and sitting on a bench in Del Rey and it's got all of Boca's great Brian stuff on here. The girls don't fart when I was thin. They've saved last fish for me, kind of a fag. I saw Jesus on a stick of Halleva and all kinds of stuff. I've got like 34 different cuts. What a difference. A game makes, queer street. The Bible says they're all on here and if you want a copy of how much is this by the way. 1999 plus postage tax and then includes tax. Includes everything. 1999, it might even send you a penny, a refund. 18749, 4653. If you want Boca Brian's great new CD in high-fifth stereo, hopefully it'll play in your machine. 1800. 18749, 4653. Well, I'm good. Nice plug there but you give me a thing that will not play in a machine here. Oh, hang out of that. Yeah, it's going to be a lot of good. Okay, you go squeeze yours. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. And back to you. I remember yesterday at the end of the show, you had a guy who was trying to sell some tickets for a fancier. Yes. Well, did you guys sell them? I have no idea. What have I? A hundred numbers to people. Yeah, all guarantees got them sold. They went faster than Halavay and Tel Aviv. How much was selling it for? I have no idea. How could I get involved with that? Because if he's like scalping them, that would be highly illegal and we'd be a partner in crime. Right. And God forbid, the Hurt Cox broadcasting we would never want to do that. Right. Hangover. He's the biggest ass sucker. Yeah. He's the state of Florida, man. I mean, he must be double-dreaded then. He must be double-dreaded. Right. He must be like Ron Jeremy. He was talking about how he's sick and tired of panther-starts, all you know, on the four shows. Always back on that Jagger game. Right. Jacob is mine. One day he pretends he likes it in the next time. He's sick and tired of it. The next day he's the biggest fan of fancier. Let me ask you, how are the heat doing these days? Well, once the next dolphin game cut off. But the next year, something he starts criticizing the heat also. And then when he gets like, but Riley on the phone or one of the heat players, he's like, oh, yeah, I'm the biggest fan of yours and this and that. Well, that's always been the case. He's Larry King Jr., he just wants to be a professional asslicker. And the last day, Neil, who looked better in the geistron bikini, Jessica, a viewer or Jackie Nespro. Oh, God, what a thought. Okay. So while we're working on that one and a Brian Rokras one, yeah, that's another thing about the fan Hummer over there. I remember back when the Beesley buck QA, I'm always at about two, three months ago, a couple of months ago. And we got the word on it that it was going down and we came on here and we gave you the information. And he goes on here. It's absolutely untrue and I've fat, fat, go over there. He's lying and we're not being sold about the buck. And guess what? The next day comes out as well. I guess maybe there's something to it. Now he's going on here saying things like, well, at least we don't have to worry about being sold. We're on by a stable. Well, for Cran, a lot of the sale hasn't even been approved by the commission yet. Okay. You have been sold, Fatso. When we get sold, we come on here and give you all the great details. How do you like that? We give you all the the Emmys instead of us, oh, no, we're not being sold. You're damn right, we were sold. And all I can say about that is thank God. We have an open line in date, 7519463751, WOD. We go one on the green line there. Yeah, we're happy. I'm speaking for me, for Rick for Sods, for George, Wayne's not sure because he don't know which is side he's on. Wait a minute. You know, he just went out and gave him the money to go to Wendy's to buy the food without the abuns for the Atkins. Better make sure he tasted first before we started in any of that food, okay? That's what we don't trust you, Wayne, but you never know. He's got that Cox look on his post. Twelve minutes after 11 at WOD, Lorenzo's a tag in set or on the corner of 163rd and Dixie Highway in North Miami Beach, you'll find great specials everywhere in the joint. Like at the Pasta Grill, there's the 1295 dinner special featuring Super Salad, Drake dessert and a different entre every day Tuesday through Saturday. On Tuesday, it's the Viochop on Wednesday, a big juicy Porterhouse steak. Thursday, the Viochrio, that's like today out of this world. By the way, I've had that several times Friday to see food sample in every Saturday, the Italian Sampler. Lorenzo's produce departments got Luigi Vatelli tomatoes for just 99 cents in the meat department and they got the best, the juiciest, the most tender meat in the world at Lorenzo's. They got top but boneless steak, just 399 a pound. The former House or T-bone, 89 a pound, rib by 69 a pound. Sirloin Patty's only 299 a pound. Also, tri-first cut-prim rib, Viochop's 99 a pound. And fresh grace snapper filet for just 999 a pound. At Lorenzo's Delhi, lean and rare roast beef, 4399 a pound. Roasted turkey breast, 599 a pound. The Atkins diet products all waiting for. Like so if I had a 299 a pound, mirror mirror mirror mirror mirror sauce, only 349 a jar. And the famous cheesecakes, of course, as always, 499. Over at Ben and Bob's in West Indian, you'll find main salmon steaks, 4999 a pound. 5 Golden crabs, a buck 99 a pound, bough and fillet 59 a pound, live main lobster, watermelon 49 cents a pound and cattle, 4999 a. Sets eat. Check up both out. Lorenzo's in North Miami Beach and Ben and Bob's in the Indian Tray Shopping Center in Weston. Ladies and gentlemen, we're flying at an altitude of 3 feet. That Mark Killett, I'm better now. Till Henry, 2 to 6 PM on news, talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. I need my share of love, John. 8 on today. I love you every day, John. Just look straight out of the blinds. I think this is my best I get a tight shot of my behind. Oh, oh, oh me. Touch me. Use me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8 on today. 8 times a day. It's just a low ball average. 8 on today. It's just enough to pay my bail. Oh, I need your love, John. That's why it's this week for you. I hope you need my love, John. My house payment is due. Oh, oh, oh me. Touch me. Use me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. To teach my husband how to. 8 times a day. It's good to see you that it quail. Love me every day, John. You're always on my side. Make me scream for a page of the pursuit. I'll be in jail. Oh, oh, oh me. Touch me. Use me. Use me. I need my share of love, John. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. Yeah, but wait a second. 11 18 and WOD. The amazing Mitch Lewis who's also part of the packs and entourage over there. You don't think he's going to be doing some more stuff for us once in a while, yeah, you better damn well, I believe he's going to be. Oh, he wants to or not. We have two open lines in date, 7519463, 751 WOD. And let's do a mobile in Papua, hello. Good morning, Neil. Winner's to you. I bought a web of grill. Yeah, what a difference. I mean, I actually look for. This isn't stumpy, is it? I just joined you. Oh, stumpy, junior. It's been a long time. Yeah. Right? Yes. Anyway, I bought a web of grill. Every time I hear your voice, I get like a big twitch in my, but you know, don't take it personal. I lost. But anyway, the grilling is fantastic on that web. Uh-huh. People can understand. I've just spent $500 on a grill, but instead of buying a grill. But you don't have to spend that much, but you obviously got the real good one. And that's really good. I think mine was about 380 something, but boy, it's a good one. It beats the spending sport and it changed to the cheap one. I got to 3 every 2 years. Crazy. Anyway, I got the answer to the year award. My friend, boss, had season tickets and his controller didn't want to renew for the playoff. Yeah. So we bought four tickets. And the son of a guy, what he did is he took him back. So now I can't go to the, again, I went to the first two rounds. And now I was getting, uh, down to the inequality, into the seats back. I don't believe. Nice. I had told the year award. I'm not going to see their stuffy junior, huh? Well, you know, see me there before I live, I don't bother you. No, I don't see you. I see. See, you've got this albatross over your head and that's the original stuffy. Who we used to see there all the time, who just, uh, is one of those guys. You know, he's an okay guy. He just don't want to see him. Do you know what I mean? It's that voice. It's the voice. I'm going to call him with a gravel. Well, that's good. Okay. Hey, welcome Lee. Get my ass. All right. Good luck to your stuffy junior. We have two open lines in date, 751 WOD. We still haven't had a report on mission impossible. Not one. Is it possible that there's nobody in his audience besides that the high end of guy that calls Rick and Sud's all the time. He's the only one that's all mission impossible so far. I can't believe that. We could save people a lot of money or we could make time cruise the hell of a lot more money. So we can get the sex change one way or the other if you just let us know. Other holding back as always. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm a big fan of the IOD sale. Yes, sir. You're really not a with sunny hursion day for month. And I've heard about that. How about that? Two good guys. You're admitted to that the young the king's right. Right. Wow. Who cares about that? I do. Okay. Well, I'm happy for it. Like I said, we got the canes. We got the gators. We got the nose. We got the heat. And we're going to get the dolphins and the panthers and the marlins. What's going to happen? Are you going to go all sport? Now why are people asking me questions like that? Do I know? Yes. I would think you will. No, I don't. It's like you're assuming I knew what was going to happen before 830 yesterday morning, which I did not. Right. Nobody knew it. That was the only that was the only part of it that was well kept. That was a great the well kept secret. Other than that, everything's just all the rumors are flying again. I don't know. Now why wasn't so Henry part of this now? I just got to explaining that because for whatever reason, Cox is holding on to his contract and he's going to work for them at some other place. And he's not part of this deal. I really, that's all I can tell you. The article says that Cox insisted on retaining his contract. Yeah. Now yesterday. That's what it says. That thing's like kick was ripping you. But what do I care about that? We're holding on. Hold on. I called up and I ripped this guy for ripping you. Yeah. I told him he has. You have more. Why would you waste your time going that? Because Hank was, Hank was soliciting phone calls. He wanted this guy to get his own show. Oh my god. Can you believe it? One thing you'll never be hank is a program director. I'll tell you that. That guy is like a lead weight around fat hanks ass. That guy is so bad and so juvenile. Yeah. He's like amateur hour junior man. He's pathetic that guy. Now an honor of Buddy but Paxon play the Bible says. Okay. See you. I have a great day. We have an open line of brown. I wonder if that's what is that. I must be on here. On Branson. It is on here. It's got number 26. It's of course I can't play it off of it. I understand that I know that Mr. Headshot. It's good. Mr. Headshot. But I was just looking on there to see if I could then I'll encourage people to know that that's on there. So they might buy this stupid. I mean, it's great CD. We have an open line on the green line. 1,800, 9,44. Hank said this and this one said that. We're going to start a new service. It's called Renta Yento. Okay. I talked about that a long time ago and I think we got a lot of candidates out there. And I called them up to straighten them out. I don't care. Okay. Just keep giving us lots of publicity. Keep talking about me and about IOD and about Buddy Bud and about Rick and Sud and Rick and Bud and it's one of that one. We like it. Okay. Just spell it right like I said. And like Buddy Bud Paxon says, My good close personal friend, the Lord only knows. He says, Neil is a great broadcaster. And I don't want to be one to disagree with my new boss. It's 1124 at WIOD. Use talk at entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Which isn't right now. So anyway, it's 1128 at WIOD. We have an open line on the green line. So when looking for that damn debibble says, did we put that on one of our best doves? Because it's not in the DCS. I'm going to have to find a cart. And it's on Boca Branson. But unfortunately, his this bit of gave me what play in this one CD deck. It'll play in all the other ones in the building. It won't play in here. What did I tell you? Unbelievable. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Neil Good morning. We're first saying the reason this Hank Goldberg talks about you is because he doesn't have anything else to say. Because he's obsessed about me. He's like, you know, he's a bore. Yeah. Let's face that. Pretty much, you know, when the only thing exciting and sports locally that's going on is the Panthers. You know nothing about it. I guess they're leaves who would limit it material. That's true. So, you know, I'm going to tell you about the information. But I don't think I'm going to have any of the business decisions in this whole thing. But I personally disappointed if Phil Henry has lost because I think the guy is brilliant. I mean, I'm just really sad. Sir. Yeah. That we might lose him here. What do you mean that we might lose him? I mean, if they send him to some other station elsewhere. I mean, the open-ended thing in the paper made it sound like he's out of town. That he's going to be sent out of town. Unless, of course, Cox buys some other station in town. Like an FM, and they put him on air. That's a possibility. I think it's too bad because I think you guys really don't tell. Well, let's, you know, nobody's been a bigger booster for Henry. And that's because he's a great talent and he's a genius and he's incredible. But let's let me give you an idea. This putts Greg from Boiton Beach who's a chronic human being and just, and I'm being generous and saying that he says, you must not be as powerful as you think you are. I'm very disappointed that you didn't demand that Phil Henry would be part of the package when Paxton bought you guys. And he goes on the idea. But I mean, what kind of an idiot is this kid? Like, I have something to do with the negotiations. Like, I knew what was going on here. Like, I had something to say about anything. Well, clearly he doesn't know how business works. Oh, my god, talk about a puts. Like, I'm going to sit and demand this and demand that. Well, I'm saying, what do you think about that? It's a done deal. They do these things behind closed doors. And then we find about it after the fact this kid better grow up and come out of the real world. That's the way it works. Well, you think about the possibility of FM. They were that article I read talked about that. You like that idea? I like, I'm open to any ideas. As long as my check comes every Thursday and I'm having a good time, I'm open to any idea. Well, there you go. But I'm especially open to what I did. Like I said, a channel for you today that we work for people who believe in giving us some promotion and some support and some marketing and getting some billboards out there and some TV. And, you know, giving us an opportunity to find some audience out there. I just don't know what these people are thinking about. Their mentality is that all you do is show up and all of a sudden, miraculously, everybody's going to discover you if you're any good. I don't understand it. I don't get it. How do you do that? Everybody. Yeah, right. Yeah, I don't get it either. But, unless I appreciate it and, you know, I just hope that bill does stay around because I sure enjoy. And I'm glad to hear your such a supporter. He'll be okay. You'll be fine. See you. We have opened line in date 7519463751 WODE. Yeah, that putts Greg from Point and Beach. Oh, yeah, you're not as powerful as you thought. I never thought I was powerful period, Mr. Hotchut. Mr. Peanier, pants. Go find a life out there. Will you go get some new underwear? Go get some depends from June Allison and quit wetting yourself already. Get a life, will ya? Well, you could do this and you could. If it was up to me, they would have had a meeting yesterday and said, Here, we just cut your check for about $2.5 million. We're paying you off the next three and a half years. Have a great life. Go over to Italy. Spend a few months. Relax, get some sunshine and thank you for everything. But that's not the way the real world works. Once in a great while, somebody gets something like that. But that don't happen to me. Here's Coral Springs, hello. Hey, Neil, I got your mission impossible to use. Okay. But by the way, it took me an hour and a half. I've been on the line for an hour. It was parable. It was the worst movie I've seen in such a long time. Are you serious? Oh, there was no, but the plot was just cutting half somewhere. They were in every other country. It was a time you turn around there in London. Then they're in the US and they're in Czechoslovakia. And there's like six double agents in the film. And it's just impossible to follow. Mm-hmm. It was the worst movie. Don't spend your money. Yeah, I think the one paper gave it two stars or two and a half. Well, it's on three. And the other one gave it three. Huh? Sunset and they'll give it three. Yeah. And they say the same thing I said. There's no plot for some reason they liked it. And it wasn't even a lot of special effects or seems upon gadgets. I think what they do. Don't you think it's about time that some of these guys got some original ideas instead of taking every T-shirt TV show that's ever been on the ear and trying to make a movie out of a TV show? Every TV show that's ever been on the monsters, the Adam's family, the Brady Bunch, every show that's ever been on. We got to have a movie about it. And they can't even make a good movie about it. Right. Did you see the player profile in the sports stage this morning? The critic of the Vorac? No, I did not. It says his nickname is Dork. I never heard anybody call him Dork. Dork. Dork. And how did you see Dave? Now what's paper is that? It's a good set. And on you see Dave Lowry and the everyday they're putting a poster-sized picture on a back page that they had the Bees and the other day and now we got Dave Lowry. Yeah, and they had plenty of gold the other day. Right. That's a nice little. Yeah, they're really getting in with their doing a good job with it. I like that. Yeah, thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks for the good story. Okay. Have a great life. We have an open line and Broward 5249463524WD. We have one on a green line, 180944494631800. Do you care or not? Okay. In other words, the fact that we're here does this change your life in any way. Or if we just vanished tomorrow, if you turn on your radio and we disappeared, would you continue to breathe? Would you continue to function as a meaningful human being? And if the answer is no, call Dr. Jackie immediately. Here is the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How's it going now? Great. Was it fun and try on a weekend? Hey. Hey. I'm a newspaper and they're talking about Terry Chris. Take over the leaves. Oh. I don't like that haircut. We think of those apples. Well, it's better than Tom White, Wait Juneer to get in there now. Yeah. Is it the girl? Is that really? Yeah. Better than her. Uh-huh. Do you think you'll do? He did a good job at lightning this year. Yeah. He only wants to see your contract and he'll come. Right? What's the little bit security? And what do they, well, I guess, you know, once he comes in, he's going to come in and see what he's going to do. But boy, they got to do a house cleaning day. They've become so old man. They got they've led Jamie McCown and Larry Murphy who's slower than my grandma and did. They're old and slow man. They got some good young players, but they got to get a lot of new blood on it. Do you know anything about their farm team? St. John's? Yeah. In fact, that's Tom White just retired as the coach of St. John's. They got a new coach here. I don't know what his name is, but not really. Yeah. Not really. All right. Well, uh, I'm out of material and go pants. Okay. Go Leafs go. Yeah. Yeah. Leafs are a lot of trouble. You know, might be another hundred years before they went to the Stanley Cup. Come on. Let's do it. Let's dig up Pasta. He wouldn't start all over again. Come on. Let's get Bert Almsted back. We have an open line in Broward and Johnny Bower. He's still kicking around. How about Tim Horton dig his ass up? We have two open lines on the green lines. One 800, who's that on the bat line? The red line is on there. Oh, my. Oh, must be a, is it a spy report? Is it something, uh, interesting? Uh, no. Oh, damn it. Oh, well, you know what these things are going on like this. I mean, my phone yesterday, I was sticking to myself, just like with Rimmer. I was thinking if I could get this many calls on the ears. I'm getting it home today. I could have a hell of a show. My phone was ringing people that I didn't even know were still alive. We're calling me from all parts of the country. All parts of town, uh, men, women, children, people that haven't been out of their mothers womb yet. Everybody in their brother was a hawk and a trying to guess today. Because there's a big news going on. I'm not sure I know what it is yet. I think we've been so. It's, uh, 1135 at W.I.O.D. Caller is back and better than ever with a return of full card Sommel casting, citing racing action. It's all going to start tomorrow. By the way, the season promises to be the best ever with more ways and more Great prizes to win. Opening day is this Memorial Day weekend. Tomorrow there's free grandstead admission and a chance to win more on Saturday. The first 10,000 fans of Colter get a free gift this Sunday and every Sunday come out for a quarter of $50,000 handy cap in contest. Then Monday, this Memorial Day could be your most memorable ever. Your most memorable day ever with a chance to win a million bucks. And as always, you can enjoy the taste of Colter with everything from bagels to Jamaican Food, the Latin Corner, Coney Island dogs, Dunkin Donuts and Carrella Ice Cream. So it almost the big opening weekend starting tomorrow. This weekend at Colter Race Coist is too blocked north of the Jorabi Stadium. With exits right off the turnpike. Post time 1pm racing Thursday through Monday. When you walk, it's like some children from predators. We're there to let you know that epic sex offender registry of convicted cell and sexual predators and that the parents in a community and law enforcement have the right to know that these individuals have moved into the community. The news talking entertainment radio. 610, W.I.O.D. Neil? God? That damn fact that I can't stand it. You're getting hits and your brides only 12. You need to stay in a special hotel. She's jail-beta. So make a date at $1,800. Go for five. Well, hey, this is the old killer health. Jelly-lead Lewis with a weapon you newlywed. Believe me, I know how tough it is when you marry a 15-year-old. But it's even tougher this time. When I go on your honeymoon, I mean, you like the bottom-up. I'm a-and she wants to ride a pole there. Oh, boy! That's my eye opened up the three-fold of fouls. Unimmoed hotel. Every room has a lot of hot sheep back to oven. We provide cooked limiter and champagne and chocolate milk. Just listen up if it's to your old Roman stone. Two-wildman and his teenage bride. It's great. Yeah. And the waiters even cut up my steak too. So cool. Cousins and chickens. Get her leaves, fight balls up high on her mobile. Hold her, hold her, let the mace in. When in Rome, do that Roman pole, let's go. Wait me! For just do the Romans, it's 1141 at W.O.O.D. We got an open-on in a green line, 1-800-UNO of the rest. So anyway, I just have a little piece of advice for everybody in listening audience whether you're younger or old. Don't trust anybody. Okay. I know that's very cynical and it sounds like a horrendous thing to say. But just remember I told you that don't ever trust anyone. Okay. Let's go to including us. Let's go to Opa-Lake, hello. Hi, Daniel. Okay, sir. Sorry for hanging up when you're a limb. Having a terrible day. Why would happen? Oh, man. It's just been one thing after the other. You know. Okay, pasta. Oh, man. It's just doing it. Which is one of those bad days. I guess I'm not as eager to see you are to be under new, well, to be new management. Why have you got new, you're in a new position? Yeah. Yeah. More like on my knees. Uh-huh. Get the knee pads up. Yeah, right. Well, you know, I just been one of those frustrating days. You know, just like a panelists, I love for you to see. To hear you go off on your computer and just give me about two minutes worth of total nonsense and Bulgaria that's there. Well, Guarity. Oh, well, you know. What do you mean by Bulgaria? What kind of a comment is that? Are you some kind of a... Yes, Paul. What do you mean by that? You know, I was, you know, just like that. That's probably the top of the line right there. Yeah, you can't get much bigger than that. Yeah, but just kind of getting me out of this mood, man. I'm just bouncing off the wall. Okay, Paul. Just keep your chin up. I'll do that. And you're knees on a floor. I'll definitely. Okay. Good luck to you. Bye. So here's a Deborah. I didn't even recognize you. It's been so long since I've seen you. And Jeff. Well, who cares about him? But here's Deborah and Jeff from the I works with my stuff. And oh, that's right. You were bringing that thing that I forgot all about it. I forgot all about it. I'm sitting in the iraq and like, who are these people? Like, you expect me to remember who you are? But you notice how nice my glasses look and how they're not scratched and Potskyed up. And I have the other pair, which I wore once in a while. And these guys are the best. And you got my spritz. Hey, you got some spritz. What's all that stuff? What is the... You have the cleaner? Thank you very much. I'm going to check your glasses and see... A.R. Kleena. You're going to Potskyrow my glasses. Oh, look at this. He's got a whole bag full of crap. See, I've really... I've reached the... I've reached the heights now. I sit here with just a bring stuff to me. Miriam comes in. He gives me the haircut and the chair. J.C. comes in. I get service to the chair. I mean, whatever you want, you got it right in this place. And can I see the abysser thing? Because that's the big thing. Thank you so much, Jeff. Look at this. It's a plaque. And I mean, a heavy duty. This is like substantial. This isn't some kind of a chinsy thing. And it's got a certificate of authenticity on a back. Mounted memories. And what an interesting name. That is mounted memories. Or is that mounted memories. And here's the beaser. And it says John Van Beesbrook. It's got like a nameplate under the color picture. And it's signed autograph by the beaser. This is an incredible thing. This is sensational. And we're going to give this away to somebody here today. So, you know, screw those rats. We'll get those rats out there tomorrow. We'll get those. But that's chop liver compared to this. Let's do a thing where we just take some names again today. Okay. So, let's go. I'm not saying we want to do this in a bigathon because that's really boring. Although we'll kill some good time. I need a clean. You need one. Well, how can we give that back? I gave it to you. And you're like, you're being. Geez. Don't be an Indian, give her Deborah. Your screws are loose. They were. I had a loose screw. That's what I told them at the meeting. The other day, your screws are loose. They gave me a real dirty look. You said you want to get paid from that. I said, like I said, you guys have been pretty good to us. We have an open line in date. 7.519463. They couldn't have been real loose. I wouldn't notice that. Just a little tiny bit. But it's always good to nip it in the bud as opposed to when the screw comes popping out when you're sitting there watching a game and you throw your arms up in the ear and a panther squirrel and all of a sudden the lens pops out of your thing onto the floor. And like everybody grinds their feet into it and you have a little bit of a problem. Are those okay? They look good? They look great. What do you mean I'm doing a great job? What is there to do? Well, you don't have any. Why am I some kind of a smock? Am I some kind of a, incompetent, weasel? Oh, look at that. Now I can actually see something. God, almighty George looks even past you. They didn't the morning. Look at that. Yeah, and I'm really dangerous because I can see what I'm doing. Well, that's great. Thank you guys so much. You guys are the best. What are you? That's a little, a little rag. There's nothing like having a little rag. Beautiful. I work at 5540 South Flamingo Road. It's right by publics there in Cooper City right on a corner of Flamingo and Sterling like I always said, right not too far from my mother's. Thank you very much, guys. This is somebody's going to really appreciate this. In fact, I might just take it home. No, I'm just kidding. We'll give it away today. That's a beautiful thing. Thanks a lot. And thanks for these great classes. These are the best. It's a pleasure. And next time I'll recognize you. So anyway, we have an open line and the green line. 1 800. Well, I'm getting old and feeble. You know that George would have told you that. Oh, we already did. So anyway, it's a, we'll give this away to somebody. Some lucky listener out there. It's a beautiful. I mean, this thing is pretty damn nice. courtesy of our friends at die works in Cooper City. And it's even got its own box. How do you like that? It's a beautiful thing. We'll just take some names if you want to get on a list and before two will draw one out. And then you'll have to pick this up. This is not something we're going to be mailing to you. I mean, it weighs about five pounds. It's like a big plaque. It's like your regular, uh, gigantic size. And it's, you know, got the plastic thing over to it's just beautifully done. And autographed by the geaser. How do you like that? All right. What? That's a beautiful thing. I'm the timing couldn't be better. It's 1146 at WIOD. Next time you read a video, don't get ripped off by the big chains door. As go to video waves, get yourself exactly the movie you're looking for and pay a reasonable price. Video waves not only as the best price, but the best selection too. So video waves is the only place to go to read videos period. Even if you have to put up with crazy Mitch, over 10,000 titles in stock all at the lowest rental prices in town. And right now, video waves, you can read these great movies. You can read these great movies. I'm like a Youtuber, American president, now and then. Jamangie, what is that? Jamangie, what is that? Am I pronouncing that right? Jamangie. Gange, Gange, Gandhi. Jew, Mange. Oh, Jew, Mange. Because it was made in Hollywood. Speak. And of course, video waves has all your favorite Jack Warden classic too. Plus video waves has the new Kathy Willot's movie. Nickid scandal. The new Kathy Willot's movie. Oh, my god. I got that's five library rentals for five days is the upstriper five deal going on right now too for only five bucks. Let me say it again. Five library rentals for five days for only five bucks just to buck a movie. So okay ripped off by the big 10 stores go. Don't go in there and give me your life savings to run a couple of movies. Head to video waves the only smart place for great video entertainment and they can special order any movies you want to purchase like anything that's ever been made. Video waves open every day 365 days a year you'll find them in Tamarack on Pine Island road half miles south of Southgate Boulevard in the Tamarack town square Plaza and they're open every day till midnight call on 720-9980 720-9980 if it's on video you'll get it there or they'll get it for you at video waves. Every good Christian knows it gained you a play and it's not so very hard to do. Or a game of the game is a Bible. There's a few other friends the way we do tell people you know the way. If I don't say it by them to your house I will say. Make their possession the way. Follow us to that rock.