How bad to Rick and Sons? And nobody could even tell that he'd been there. Good job. I said, you know, his motto ought to be, hey, you'll never even know we were there. Beating charges, though, didn't he? He wanted a charge. Me 350 dollars. Woo! Yeah, exactly. He got as much payment as you're bound to check did. So anyway, it's 937 at WNL. He didn't know how right on the post they were at that bank yesterday when they look in the thing, and they see not only it wasn't a hold put on it. It was just, uh, that's just a little error there. Well, it was a malice involved there. I mean, we can have a moron looks at a balance and sees over a hundred dollars more than the amount of the check and then says, well, guys, let's bounce the check. Somebody who's dealing with your money, not there. Yeah. That's when it becomes important. Okay, let's try, we have open lies by the way, I'm Broward 524WIOD and date 7519463. Is that you, I'm Kippur again? Let's try West Palm. Hello. West Palm, good morning. Sure. All right, here's a mobile. By load. Back at you. How's it going? Bank? Bank? Fuck. There you go, part two. I was like that other guy used to never pay attention to until I got a computer and started doing my checking on quick in. I was just telling Neil that, isn't it great? You just press work and file? You enter your file? It's been five minutes by me. You catch a penny. Oh, and everyone I caught was the bank. Right, and it's always in their favor. Whoever you're paying, it's always in their favor because somebody don't read too well. Right, and then you guys just, you don't care why. I added it up even in small amounts. Say it was 20 bucks. You took a $20 bill off of you, said it laying on the road. But you see, he writes it off to he don't care about 50 cents, which is fine. But he doesn't know if it's $50 because if you don't balance, how you can know if it's 50 cents or 500 bucks. Exactly. Sure, you can just forsake of argument. Say, I'm not going to worry over 50 cents because I'm a hot shot. But you don't know what it is if you don't open up the statement. And then, like, they did to Neil there. Then you end up with that $30, $30, $27, only service fees and insist it's a bunch of BS. Well, you know, sometimes it takes something to get your attention. You realize how many mistakes, you know, the ineptitude of the people who are doing this. I don't know if I could do that anyway, to be like a data entry person to sit there. Looking at all those checks day after day, all you do eight hours a day. But the fact is they make a tremendous amount of money. Well, sure, one, you know, you know, you have a computer. How many times you hit the wrong key? All of them? You know, yeah. I listen to the acronym for the day, dolphins. Dan's other leg, put hopper in Nirvana. Goodbye. What do you do with the S? Let's go to Miami, hello. Break a third vote. Back game. Hey, what he does know about this real audio on the internet. And it sucks. It sounds like really, really crappy AM radio. Uh, uh, that's the state of the art. So we are going to have it starting soon. Yeah. I've heard something that doesn't sound too bad. What is too bad? I mean, it sounds like it sounds normal. I've heard other radio stations. Yeah. That's what I've garbled. It's, uh, sort of. But who's computer view heard it on? Doesn't matter. You don't have one? You don't have one. Don't start giving me these looks like you have one. You have a computer? I said I've heard it. Well, they can be an answer. Who's computer? Well, it doesn't make any difference. I've used real audio. The program that's out right now. It sounds like crap. How about you? Some that sounds like crap. I've never listened to some. I've never listened to some. I've never got it. I've never listened to that. I've never. To that. I wave. Also, we're on. Yeah. And Adams says that sucks. Yeah. Well, guys, I was listening to Steve Nickel on Sunday. And he said your station was going to be on it. But he also said that, uh, Phil Henry. They might time look at the show from midnight to three out here. And that he's talking to Phil's agent and to Phil about possibly doing that. Kering the show live. In other words, it's nine to midnight out there. It'll be 12 to three here. Yeah. He said that, huh? Oh, the PD did, yeah. Oh. I don't know if he was drunk. I ran a, uh, ran ran into an interesting homepage. It's called the Steve Nickel sucks homepage. Have you seen that? The Steve Nickel delusions of fantasy homepage. It's on there. Somebody, uh, I'm telling you. Don't you think it would be a lot easier seriously with all the respect to Phil. Wouldn't be a lot easier if Steve got in the back of, like in the trunk. Yeah. You know, just got a bottle, got in the trunk with some earholes. Yeah. And Phil drove him out there with him. And he could be the PD of KFI from nine to midnight. I think I had to, I was sure, sir. I think I had the right solution for the whole dealer. Because he is just, uh, he'll never be the same now. So the show's going to indicate in the syndication before it ever starts. Right. Okay. Right. Well, I was logical to me. In fact, right now tonight, we're going to be carrying it. Even though it's not on. Just opening up the pot. What you know, just for it, it would still be better than that sports crappler. Oh, nice. All you do is imagine how great it would be from midnight to three. Well, he said today was the due day, whether he's going to stay with, with, with, with tax and or not, who, uh, Steve Neckle. Whether who's going to stay with tax and, uh, him. Oh, today. Why did he say all the, how the hell, how, let me, you know, it's really interesting. He goes on the year Sunday morning and tells the audience all this stuff. But none of us know anything about this. Today is the day is to whether he's going to be the PD or not. That's what he said. How come we don't know that? He's going to decide whether he wants to be. He's going to decide. Yeah. Oh, oh. As he come in yet. Don't you think it's a little cutting it a little bit close to the bone? I do. Is he there yet at the end of building? We haven't checked the floors on the hall. He's still got almost a week. Yeah. Have you dragged in yet? And of course, let me also tell you, since you brought this good news up, we were just lamenting during the last break that, like sports talk. We don't have any idea if the foe staying or going to QAM. So we have no idea who's doing sports talk. 8 to midnight. He's allegedly bringing some guy. I don't know if he's bringing this guy from Vegas in that he was talking about or who it is. We've got somebody new coming on. But we don't know who it is or what they do or anything about him. All overnight, we have no clue whether it's going to still be this. Ron Barra sport. We don't have any idea what's going to be on like half the broadcast day. And he said that they'll might go through Friday. So that's what three days away. It's supposed to go through Friday. It will go through Friday. Oh, it is. Yeah. Yeah. The 30th. I mean, the 30th is when they take over Friday. It goes through the 27th right as of the 30th. We will be back soon. Good luck. You need it. Oh, thank you. Thanks. Good news. Just click your heel. So let's see. We're carrying a fill from watch from six a.m. to midnight. Six a.m. to six a.m. Markets going to bring her back. We're out of the bay. They're going to fish her ass out. Yeah. That's the first four hours. Right. And then they're going to bring back. What's his name? The Pearl. Earl Pants. Yeah. I'm getting missed you just thinking about it. Well, why? Why does film even have to go? Why can't he just stay here instead of relocating and do the show from here? And Simon has to go out to KFI rather than going to KFI. That's right here. Except I think he'd rather be out there. What? Wouldn't you? Would you call me? Would you? Let's go to a mobile. Hello. Yes. Morning. Rick and Seth. Yeah. Back at you. I'm going to make a big story for you. I'm not going to get out of your socks. Yeah. Don't worry. I'm going to get a shot. No, no. I'm going to get a shot. I went to the bank to check the balance on my account about two months ago. I had $3647 more money in my account than I was supposed to. Congratulations. And I walked up to the color. And I said, there's a mistake in my account. And I'd like to get a correct. Well, you have to go see the messenger. So in over to this young man. And he said, yep, you're absolutely right. And I'd like to get it withdrawn because I know if I spend it, you're going to come and put the angel. So he said, well, we got to go through a procedure. Can you come back tomorrow? And I said, sure. Not convenient, but I'll do it. I went home. What was the procedure? Why did you have to come back tomorrow? I don't know. I don't know. Just punch a button to take the 36. Yeah. I can't wait. No, they just surgically removed it. Dr. DeBakie had to come back from Moscow. You're actually not what's impacted. It was rectal surgery as far as I was. Right. Yeah. Anyway, I go home that night. The next day, I go back to the bank. And the guy says, oh, I want to talk to you about the two-bound checks you have. And I said, how can I have two-bound checks? I've never had to check for more than my mortgage payment. I only write six or seven checks a month. And I've got $7,000. I had a account besides the $3647 you can just take and put in there. He said, we froze your account so the checks bounced. Now your account's going to remain closed. This is what he had to do. All the results. They froze the account the amount you really had in plus the $3647. They cost of their mistake. Because of their mistake. Oh, what bank was this? Burned it away. So hi. I went to the bank and I said to the guy, well, look, do you think it would be good? Well, they would know, they were protecting you though. They did the fact that I have an extra credit record. I've never had to check that out. But they were protecting you. What happens if more money came into your account or something? I wasn't fraud. I'm going to prison, I think. Yeah, there's. Anyway, the end result was I asked him if they would write a letter to the two-bound checks for banks though. Yeah. And explained it was their problem. They said, yes, they would take care of it immediately. That's two and a half months ago, I've been to the bank four times. And now that computer won't write that letter. Immediately as a figure of speech in the banking industry, sir. Immediately as a lifetime. Oh, you got it. That's the figure of speech. So they're not going to write, what do you mean the computer was frozen? They're not going to write the letter. The punch line. After this was all over, my account was opened up. Yeah. 10 days later, I still had to $3647. My account. So my companions at work decided I should write a check for that amount. I agree. Yeah. Right. So I wrote a check, but I went to the bank to cash it. And I know the man at the bank the same guy I've been talking to all the time. Yeah. Here's my check. I'm going to cash it. I'm going to take this cash and I'm going to walk out of the bank and I'm going to keep it. You should know the bank, you know. And he says you can't do that. It's illegal. It's your money. Yeah. Guess what? My account was all straightened out in about 37 seconds. You didn't have to go home with a day, huh? I love bank. Or freeze anything on your own. I would. I would. You guys I wouldn't have my computer up to a bank for anything. I don't trust him. My computer is not hooked up to a bank at all. I hope so. No, it's, but I still pay all my checks. Everything electronically. Buy a third party, a third party. I will guarantee you some details. Dream up a way to clean out your account. I don't say every check you've got. You have to live with such. I'm taking. I'm I'm I'm plugging it this afternoon, pal. Thank you. 947. Have we taken a break? See where his mistake was? Why did he have to be? He still wanted to be so honest. Why do you go back and tell the guy? He was honest. He was just right to chill. He was afraid of going to jail. Oh, is that? He, no, and when has ever seen your favor? You've got to go to jail. It'll never come out. And only person that I have ever known for a favor to come out. And his favor forever is such Coleman. He bought it. He bought an entertainment center from Levits. They never build him. He made one payment. They never build him. It was like $15,000. He paid a $142 on an L. That was about it. 10 years ago, right? Oh, at least. Yeah. Now he's the only guy I've mentioned on the area. You think Levits may go back in there. Look for a Coleman of suds, a silver and something. Yeah, well, forget it. He's the only one to ever walk for him. So everybody else goes to jail. And that's what this guy was afraid of. So he was just covering his own butt. Anyway, leave it to Levits. 941. It's our 948. It don't look at that. We just gave you seven minutes. There's your interest. It's for bad guys. When you talk live on 610 WIEOD, you'll be recording and we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it. 92 at WIEOD, 8 in front of 10 o'clock. So let me ask you this question. Since it's no, seriously, this is mind boggling. We are. We're stuck. And we only find out stuff from the audience. Thank God, at least for a few of those bastards out there that we get little dribs and drabs of stuff that's going on. Because nobody talks to us most of the time. And suppose he decides, well, the booze ain't good here. Any more or something or I can't get fills show on overnight. So I'm not staying. Who's the PD then? Who's going to be in charge of this? Adam, Adam, I'm going to get you. Adam will do it. Do you recall we didn't have a PD for some time. But we did pretty hard well between. Yeah, exactly. Like things went up and we're pretty successful. Let's go to my room along. Yeah. My baby beach 4.1 in the morning show. I remember. Good morning. Good morning. I am a listener. Yeah. I need to ask your question. Well, we're in a party practice. We are the host. We must answer these questions. I realize that you can't have a show like yours without a feeling somebody. We offended you. Yeah. Oh, good. Thank you. Okay. I hope I can return the favor. Sure. You know, my whole family's been brought to your dog. You're talking to the neighbors like professional Jew and young people. There are things that are holy to us. Yeah. I really think that you need to ease up with it. Wrong. Wrong. Well, from a little life you like you. I can earn a little life. Yeah, a little life because I don't agree with you. Why do you have to run a show that in the women? So it's okay if you can call me a low life. I don't. But if I make fun of silly old holidays. The only thing I call you a low life for is for making statements like that. What you decide to do with your life is your business. Oh, really? I don't find you wrong or right or anything else. Yeah. Thank God. That's the way of life. You know something. There's 80sillion religious shows on all over TV and radio. When somebody comes on, I'll help him. You don't want to let me say anything. What if you just say it the way it is? If you have somebody to come and say it the way it is. But you just keep talking. You don't want to let it go anyway. You just haven't taken the risk. I think probably. I think probably. The fastest is probably your right. You're trying to make up for it now. Probably to low life like you. Yeah, low life. There we go again. Why don't you go to the way you're all in. And we're all in. Okay. Why don't you rock. I can rock you back and forth at the way you are. Go to Jerusalem with the Arabs. There are puts of a schmoth is on. Okay. And why don't you go yank your senses when you're running. You crazy bastard. Take your yam against. You're in your drain. Okay. I hope you ate it for lunch. That's your keeper. You're burning burglary. I hope that's not a bit more. Because that's the important. I'll keep you with chance. Oh, we're fine. 955 in Wild. Let's go to. Yeah. He's just quit. He's the good. Religious Jew right there. Yeah. That's just not going to go dinner after. Even go to school. The mayor and our brother Oscar. I wrote rotten air grave. Listen to that. Let's go. To Fort Waterdale. Hello. Hi. I wanted to tell you about that quarterback situation. Do you want to what? To quarterback quarterback. What a quarterback. Yeah. Okay. Quarter means. If they bring in the third string. They bring in the dood string. The third string. The third string. The third string. The fourth. The fourth and second. Kind of come back in. That's what the thing. What is the second? Can I bring in the fourth quarter? Yeah. Can you could be back. We know on. Close up. Okay. We got change for a quarter. All right. Thanks for any. Thanks a lot. Let's. Nice game. Nice. Well, well, well. Good morning, guys. Hello sir. Oh, that guy. I got a legal question here. You come to the right place. Just to take over. My number. Who's the property of my number now? You got to have a resortified in the afternoon. So, I have to call back. I'm going to start over again. They'll have the first two months. You'll have 30 days to call back in and re and validate. And then any numbers that are left over. We're just going to reassign them. We're going to have them distributed to the banks to everybody's account. What if all the numbers get together and have a class action suit? Oh, oh, please still my heart. One could only hold. We'll join you. We'll give ourselves numbers and we'll be in there. Okay. We'll all come back with a new number. But it won't be the same. No. What is your number now? It's your number forever. It's your number forever. Well, be sure to call. Steve Nicholas Sunday morning on the PD show and wish him good luck. I can have a first number in the last number. Like a first and last name. See, let's go to a middle man. We'll be. So he's going to make a decision. Yeah. Nothing like cutting things a little close. I told the moil when I was born. Let's not like cutting real close pal. Adam, you're going to answer any of these. I'm sure you're with this. Yes, we're. We're happy. Forget about it. Quit bitching Adam on. We didn't wonder Marvin hates you. Dave. Looking out through the morning rain. Like you said, I guess you're right. Let's go to another date. Hello. Hi. I have a bank for story for you. I've worked for the federal government. We don't have any time. You're okay. I'll tell you what. Hold on. I don't know. Because you're going to have more bank stories than you can use. And I'm sure you'll be welcome with yours. Stay right there. It starts at 10. 5. Just find something to do for eight minutes. Just hold on. Find something. Find something. Can I at least have a number? Yes. You know what to do. And with an eat. 720. Yes. Thank you. Don't go away. Okay. Thanks. Put in. Oh, please. Okay. Yeah. It's 9.573 in front of 10 o'clock at WIOD. What's in? Have you ever been there? Tell you about. Web 2000. Are you stuck in traffic with your internet service provider? We're worried about your client's prospects. Not being able to access your website. Real audio sound like crap. Well, then getting a fast link with web 2000. That's going to happen with them with web 2000. Web 2000 can get you up and cruising for only 20 bucks a month with that 28-8-8-mode. We've talked about this before. Services like A&O A&OL, A&OL, Ken, CostU, $115 300,000 a day. Stop getting taken by those other online services who charge by the hour. You're 28-8-mode. Unlimited $20 a month. Now, ISD and let's talk big boy stuff. Or big girl stuff. Web 2000. You get you up and running on that. For as little as $30 a month and it's 5 times faster than the 28-8-mode. How about if your a business owner? How about if you're a business owner? Yes, you a business owner web 2000 specializes in turn key network solutions It made you sit down you turn to key and voila is working like magic ISD and frame relay TAT1 They're especially you don't have to know what they are web 2000 knows what they are you just get to use them Let web 2000 show you to how to get them how to who to what am I saying I exactly Tom and Tasha at 1-800-9494 that's web 2000 1-800-9494 that audio or ghost This is the Neal Roger show This is your brain Any question Yeah, I am Talk like a lady but I got wise There's a difference between the thighs Oh yes there is a difference between the thighs Oh You shout at me with kisses I thought you were my queen But I know it's something funny I saw the bulging your jeans She looked like a lady Like a lady What like a lady Like a lady Talk to like a lady But I got wise There's a difference between the thighs Oh yes there is a difference between the thighs Hmm You were my perfect lover But I was surprised Not only do you have one But you're not circumcised She looked like a lady Like a lady What? Like a lady Like a lady Talk like a lady But I got wise Oh there's a difference between the thighs Oh yes there is I thought you were between the thighs Oh That's not about Bernie Cosa Ted O'Ada WOD Good morning to you Happy Tuesday Tough Game Last Night Tough Game And let me see it again I'm seeing a little bit of some of the stuff we've seen in the past The Rotterdam repetition over and over and over again Danny gets hurt We bring in Bernie who just came from the girl school And they're starting to blitz on every play How come it is that the Colts kept running the drop play over and over and over and over again last night Anytime they felt like and they pick up 10 15 12 yards over and over again I don't think we dropped the stop there drop play once last night And yet then the fourth quarter when we're still miraculously still in a game And spite of the fact that Nudonik missed another field goal We're still in a game And Bernie's back there getting creamed I mean there blitz in there coming in and I mean he hasn't got a chance they're turning him into a Thanksgiving Wishbone And we don't do anything different Nothing we don't run a drop play We don't throw the little screen pass except there at the end Which Abdul Abdul Schwartz there Karim says oops sorry It hit him in a bad place is usual and I would have been the first down and who knows they might still be playing at this point But that's one of those days was a tough night But sooner or later we were gonna lose one and that damn Jim Harbour had to be the one to be this boy What he makes me sick to my stomach. I just get oh God what hate him? Is this an still on here by the any chance hello? It's still his hand. Well thank God I remembered Thank you. I have a bank for a story for you Back several years ago when I was working for the federal court so as a student employee so as considered self-employed But I had to pay my tax income tax quarterly Well, I went ahead and got my income tax return in I was supposed to get back a little over a thousand dollars I get my income tax check back my refund check back and it's $400 in some odd sent you know and So I went back to my tax people H and our block And I said to him what's the problem with a lady looks back over my checks and it turns out that my bank had only paid The government where they were supposed to pay them $750 six dollars they only paid the bank the government $150 six dollars. Nice only six hundred sure right so they six hundred dollars short of the government Well the government made up for it out of my income refunds. I know from a fat I went to the bank the next day and I said to the milk all I want for you is a letter stating that this was not my screw up It was yours the check was plainly written it was legible. There was no questions of it Just go ahead get me the letters so if I get audited it it's not you know I'm not responsible for this it was your screw up. Oh no problem But for deposited my taste my income tax check that deck few days later I'm in the bank with my mom and I said to her look I'm gonna put in a few dollars so I get it up over my balance up over five hundred dollars to draw some interest She's okay So I'm in line and I asked the lady. I don't know what made me ask the lady for a balance when she did the deposit Yeah, you still owe us 104 dollars and I went what they heard me all over the bank What turned out is that the bank without my knowledge or my permission with through 600 dollars from my checking account and send it to the federal government Unbelievable. Can you believe that which bank was this city bank? I would gladly tell you tell the world it was city bank. I think you left the hout Real Wow a few weeks later I get my six hundred dollars plus interest back from the federal government Yeah, which is great Ask me did I ever get a letter of apology or a we're sorry or anything from the bank The answer to the question is new. I did not unbelateful Nice, but they did I think they saved themselves a lawsuit. They didn't charge me a service charge for like two years So I kind of lucked out they all suck They all suck it's hopeless. It's hopeless. When I when I finished this story up from what happened yesterday It's gonna make the previous day seem like a child's play is unbelievable I was ready to call in I'm sitting there looking on their computer screen While they're back in the room. I'm gonna try and equate to the trying to figure to save push and I'm looking at I can see like 16 lines. You know from the ledger and my account four of the marmistakes Now if that's if they made four mistakes in one account In 16 lines you can imagine multiply at times the thousands and thousands of customers They haven't as one branch times the millions of customers they have around the country and It's a nice way to make a living you know It's no wonder they're the biggest bank right That's what I said I said while I'm in a wrong racket. I made buying up all the other banks too I was ripping everybody off like this It's Justly teams isn't dead. He's gone into the banking business. Okay, sweetheart. I'll see you in Rayford And take care. Bye bye. Bye. Yeah, we're all going to jail because the banks are gonna put us there this story yesterday And I sure hope that my good friend Kimberly is back from y'all'm kipper yesterday. I hope she didn't eat anything Because she has a lot to be forgiven for until you that these are not nicks over there at Haitian's bank. Oh the story gets even better It's 12 minutes after 10 a wio d you know Long as it been since radios bad boys were on the air in South Florida Too long and that's why they're back run and run morning Monday September 30 a th on news talk at entertainment radio 610 w i Not only is Hank Goldberg's That being is um I perform okay 10 16 a wio d thanks to Lynn at Kaiser and Blair Inc And they make T-shirts and caps and all kinds of good stuff She sends me a lovely T-shirt. Thank you Lynn. It says hurricane tracking chart And it's an orange and green. No less is not interesting as in her koon colors and it's got a map of What is the map of is it a map of Miami is it a map of the world? It's just a general map And it shows Miami and it's got all the various hurricanes who've had the suspensions and got a jail and our Whee a waiting suspended indefinitely. Here's one pending no contest then here's one two three four five six seven On the front and on the back and even seen the back yet On the back it says Dedicated to hurricane center terms tropical storm hurricane watch hurricane warning misdemeanor felony probation Domestic violence bad publicity no contest suspension and cw investigation Scholarship reduction. All right. Thank you Lynn beautiful. I'll wear it with the great pride So anyway getting back to the sting yesterday at the bank so after my four hour tirade yesterday I go over there. I drive into the bank. I walk in the door. I sit down. I put my name You know how they have the little thing there the clipboard and you may put your name on a list to see somebody who's a hot shot So I put my name on a list and I'm sitting there a couple of minutes and I'm a rest at people are looking like the tellers are looking at each other Very kind of like tense and there's almost nobody in there damn it so I couldn't put on a big show and jump up and down And so eventually this guy who's very nice guy who's there only from another branch filling in I guess for Kimberly yesterday because it was young kipper and guys like this Orthodox jackass that called before that low-life scumbag that called Rick They were like busy fasting and whatever and getting upset because I was making fun of it So anyway a Kimberly wasn't there so this guy's sitting in So he asked what he can do for me and Bob Baphan. I tell him and I've got this check in a bounce to check in the out of yada whatever else and what's the problem here? So now the head teller my good friend Gidget comes over. Gidget goes Hawaiian and We start looking at the problem and of course they know there's an ongoing problem and they know that there's been four hours of Vicious attacks and rightfully so on here and they're very defensive and red in the face and we look at a computer on a computer screen Now meanwhile this guy and Gidget go back into the office for a second or two to make a phone call to one of the Bank hot shots that they've been on a phone with all day. I guess to try to get this to the bottom of this mess Why they're so inept? So I'm sitting there and I'm looking at the computer screen and it's got like 12 or I would say 15 lines from the ledger of this one account of my business account And as I'm looking at the lines first of all I look in here's a balance of 8123 dollars Before the $8,000 check came in Are you following me? 8123 is the balance the check is 8000 they bounce it There was no whole place under the deposit they just bounced it Then of course after that there's the $27 fee for the insufficient funds another mistake that's mistake number two and as I'm Glancing up and down this column I see two of my tax payments which end in 50 cents they're all the same every week okay the same amount It ends in 50 cents to the IRS Which I make to the bank and they pay the IRS The I see one of them on there with the 50 cents the next two that are on there are like zero zero Not to the next highest dollar the next lowest dollar in the banks for so here's a dollar now granted It's only a dollar that's missing which I'm not that concerned about as the 8000 But here's another dollar just in 16 lines out of the four mistakes that I see there in the 60 lines Here's another dollar that they ripped off from me And they can't figure out why oh I don't know where we dropped that 50 cents And I said the 50 cents isn't really a big deal even though the federal government might not like it too much But when you multiply 50 cents times however many customers you people are got it starts adding up to some serious money So to make a long story short after being in the bank Gidgets is okay do this and this is the way we're gonna solve it. We got a we got a system set up and see me and I'll take Carry about my Bobbomb we're gonna have a discussion where okay, so I go with a straight-not-all the charges It was their mistake it was it was it's unconscionable 123 dollars more than the amount of the check and they bounce the check So I go home assuming all is right with the world okay, I feed my dogs. I take the mail out of the mail box I'm sitting down going through the mail I don't want to tell you where I was sitting going through the mail. I left the 8-chat That's right. I was sitting there on the throne and going through the mail. That's a good place to do it something interesting to read all of a sudden Wow urgency Really helped to speed up the process. I'll tell you that because here's another one of these It tell tail envelopes from nation's bank regional center in Tampa. I said oh wait a minute. This can't be Because I've had them re-installed you know put the 8000 back in my personal account when I was in the bank But in the meantime to late I open this up and on your personal account number so-and-so I had him's presented for payment on the 19th of September Check number so-and-so here's four of them that were paid but overdrawn so 27 dollar fee charged They were nice enough to pay these small ones but they charged me a $27 fee Which one of the checks was for like $60 but a $27 fee Then here's another one check number so-and-so $600 return in sufficient funds another $27 fee which happens to be a check to norm cat for legal fees my attorney Which thank God it was to him and nobody else like somebody important So needless to say I'm back on the phone and I'm now starting to get really agitated aggravator while I was in the bank I mean what's the point is screaming and yelling it's not gonna do any good. I've done four hours on here But now that I'm into this and I'm saying how can this be possible? How can there be so many stupid people there? And of course she's practically ping in her pants because she knows that the it's just oh, it's like the domino effect She's I say that's right like the fat stomino effect Just one mistake leading to another and another and of course I'm the one it's oh well baby Dad to write a letter to a Mr. Kidd I said yeah right right a letter to Mr. Kidd right a letter Maria And so this is where we are today and they're having another meeting and Kimberly is coming back from your I'm kipper and I hope they have a wonderful life together and in the meantime I'm thinking you know as I'm driving up to the bank yesterday after doing this show You know I'm thinking naturally I'm gonna go over to that family bank and I'm gonna close my account But in the meantime that it dawns on me I've got thousands of checks thousands literally because I got that new laser printer from my computer thousands of checks on their bank Personalized that I'm gonna I'm not gonna wind up eating those and in addition to which next week or Whenever it's gonna be eventually we're gonna be paid by packs and we're switching over that whole system Which I don't even know how that's gonna work yet So now is probably not the most propitious and convenient time for me to be switched in banks Unfortunately So I'm sitting here still at the mercy of my good close personal friends at Haitians bank Waiting for them to see if they can get their act together and just like Rick told that one bone hit out there who didn't want to listen Oh, what's 50 cents? Well if you feel like it and maybe it's not 50 cents. Maybe it's 50 bucks Maybe it's a buck here. Maybe it's a buck there. Maybe the course of he read ads up to 100 or 200 or 500 or whatever it might be So if you're another one of these people had trust your bank It never looks at your up statements and figures all you know they got all our computers. They everything they got to have is right right Right You sit there and you look at that thing and you wonder what kind of a child what kind of a moron? Can look at that screen and see a check comes in to be paid for $8,000. There's 8123 all insufficient funds Seriously what kind of an education you have to have a kindergarten education to get that far or what? All I can say is unbelievable pathetic 1024 Wild He was talking entertainment radio 16 W I O D Gary Bruce tied to the track in front of a free train 1028 at Wild is the beat goes on so we're just You know I was trying was I was sitting there waiting for this kind of bank yesterday and putting together in my mind It first it was people's bank of Ilya then it became CNS or was it the other way around was it NCMB first I think NCMB and CNS coexisted but one of them devoured the other or something right but I think it was CNB from boy did I have problems with that that's when the trouble started then it became CNS and then nations bank Gabbled up CNS and they vanished and now we're where we are here today with Haitians bank Here's Carl Springs on a purple line hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. I love your show. I just wanted my urge yesterday dog in our Haitians bank I was I was loving it because I had problems with my first move down here with them and me I thought I was the only one that was having problems with them. I mean, I was tired the most stupid people on a face of the earth because The kind of mistakes that they make it just so Unconscious I've never had problems with any bank before until until I came down here Yeah, well I happened with my wife's positive a paycheck and she makes pretty good money. We deposit it and It got kicked back, okay, and they never notified us Until two weeks later and we ended up right in between 10 and 15 checks They all got kicked back and they didn't cover them which means they charged just the fee on each check The problem was they said it was an improper endorsement because we didn't put our account number on it Oh boy and But we signed it in other words you endorsed it, but you didn't put the account number on it We didn't put the thing that I think the guy thought was wrong was they actually took the check You know the teller looked at it. I mean, I think it's somewhat there was possibility to make sure You know problems doors right They put the money they didn't have any holes on it and they put the money directly into our account So they kicked it back and they put oh wait a minute I don't think that the law requires you to put your check number on the back I think that's just the procedure that some banks require But but that there's no law that I mean you just have to endorse the check you sign it You don't have to put your account number on a back Well, that's what they were saying but the thing that got me was they you know three days later They're hopefully a whole lot of our account, but they made no attempts to notify us for two weeks Right, which means we entered the blues and made it up getting charged by $800 From nation's bank because of all the C plus some companies when you get it you know when you check Bounce is they want to charge you extra two You know, of course and So we ended up going a lot of money and I thought like I was lost out of them and really really just me off But I don't know I've had a lot of problems with nation's back Not like I just went in there's matter of fact now the positive a check and I wanted to see if it checked clear it because it was actually to the IRS I wasn't asleep, but I went in there and they couldn't even tell me what check number it was they had it cleared But on the screen didn't have the check number on it You know saying yeah, so I don't know it's just I've had a lot of problems with the bank myself I thought when you were talking about nation's bank yesterday It was a trip So well the story gets even better now Good luck pal. Okay. We're talking every day. Thanks. Yeah, kids even better and then of course from Between the bank to my house, which takes about five or six minutes It gets even more exciting as I pick up this piece of crap out of the mail and then this is just one out of maybe 15 or 20 of these episodes over the last few years and they just never once never never once never Has Kimberly Lieberman or anybody else picked up the phone? They've got my phone number and called me and said oh, it's either's a problem here We think you've got the check that is overdrawn and you want to come over here in the straighten it out or maybe it's armistake or you're Is you know whatever never never once Because everybody is just a statistic And all this stuff goes through tap or through the regional banking center in Tampa Where people haven't got any idea who you are or what you are or who's on first or what's going on All they know is that somebody puts something into a computer somewhere Some more on somebody with a kindergarten education puts something into a computer and couldn't get it straightened out Couldn't get it right somebody with a mentality of a Johnny Dolan put the information into a computer and your life is hanging into balance I mean we're talking about we're not talking about uh, you know how many eggs you got in a refrigerator we're talking about your money folks That's what we're talking about And the way they handle it and the way they deal with it's enough to a scared living Audia worked for me yesterday fine So that might be a good addendum to the atkins You know if you're having a little bit trouble moving your balls when you're on the atkins because it's a little bit binding just start banking at Haitians bank You'll be crap in your brains out Here's a lady in Boka. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I have a banking story from a couple years ago It was a weekend, you know, and I decided that I wanted to eat so I went to the ATM machine You got summer Yeah, terrible huh so The thing came back I wanted to withdraw from my checking rate and it came back in sufficient funds and they're receipt and I said what? Because I know there's enough money in there. I did a balanced check. Okay, no listen to this It said that my checking account was overdrawn by 1 million $17760,000 Like 43 cents. Hey, listen if you're gonna screw off at least do a big time. That's what it do it So then I checked my savings account and that was fine. Okay, yet when I tried to withdraw from it It wouldn't let me okay, so Monday comes I go to the bank at the time it was First union which had just taken over Southeast right so I go there and I explain the situation Adalman I said you know I'd like to take some money out. I'm getting hungry. You know No, we can't do it your account is frozen Okay, now to make the long story short. It took me two weeks to straighten it out. Okay, in order to get access to my account I needed a letter of authorization from so-and-so and such and such up in North Carolina or whatever They had to present the letter to the teller and have her call him in all the Southern Crop I couldn't believe it for two weeks. They wouldn't even let me touch my saving of the count We're trying to correct balance So now we're at some bozo punched in a whole bunch of extra zeros on something and it took two weeks out of your life You know, I don't know what the law is on this, but it sounds to me It sounds to me like somebody ought to be sue in the crap out of these banks. Yeah, and did you over here? I think it's some sunbank. I don't want to say the wrong bank. I don't know that But on the sunbank or sun trust It's no this was that it happened when it was sunbank. Okay, okay There was an article on paper about how right let's say you have $400 in your account right you write a check or they say you have $400 in your account You write a check for $410 stay and then a check for a hundred dollars, okay Now let's say the checks were a hundred dollars comes through the bank first, right? They are supposed to process that check first Because they get the check first, right now if they want to and this is what I believe some bank got into trouble for Right, let's say a check that comes in around is like on the same day, but later Okay, if that check will cause the other check to bounce They will process that check first so that they can incur a bounce check fee on you for two Right get that twenty seven bus or whatever it is right that guy who says he never checks his bank statement Right, is a cycle path because see a lot of people don't realize that banks are profit making institutions They're not non-profit service organizations Forget it. They're a bunch of cultures right to that a rip us off whenever they can get away with it Right, and then a while after this happened I pulled out a first union right and I wanted to open an account Unfortunately, it Haitians bank because they were right street You know they open a new office, but I go up to it right and I had at the time something happened Right, it's a good thing you know anyway I had twenty five thousand dollars to open an account with right? Yeah, they would not take my money and I said why Okay, it turned out to be to my benefit because I went somewhere else right? Yeah You better the asker with first union Okay somewhere in the process I ended up owning first union eleven dollars that I had at pay because I didn't even know about it Yeah, and this eleven dollar thing is all over on my credit You've only got twenty when you've only got twenty five grand why should they expect you're gonna be able to pay the eleven bucks? That's right I just kind of believe it is just so absurd. It's not like I was going nuts or I don't know Anyway, um That's my life. Well like you said yourself you lucked out. Yeah, yeah in the long run you were away ahead of the game Okay, don't do it against sweetheart. No, okay. Okay. Good luck. Bye The beat goes on baby. It just goes on and on and on and just stupid idiotic Pathetic mistakes. Can we just set up a system like you know what's going on? Oh, we can't do that Because we don't know what's going on and by the way, you know that the one with the green here and they Purpleize to just give she's only here for like two hours and she'll ever be here again and she doesn't know who you are So be sure and like uh put your penis imprint on the it checks so she has some ideas small you know she'll know it's you We have an open line in date 75 one. We got two and Broward five two four and two on a green lines 1 800 oi vasemir nobody cares about that game last night, huh? I still say we could have used a little and of course We still got Gary Stevens there who's still as offensive as ever that was Jimmy's I think biggest mistake I have no idea maybe maybe Gary's got the pictures maybe that's what it's all about But boy you talk about Disaster the running game a work in Bernie is getting cream and we just keep doing the same thing He drops back three or four yards and just gets blasted over and over and over again nice nice But it's and we're still on the game. That's the thing that otherwise you'd have said okay go to bed early Forget about it. We just got bomb Danny got hurt and he'll be back in a couple of weeks We got the by next week will be okay, but we still had a chance to pull that baby out And I just didn't seem too much original too much exciting too much innovative too much And I still would like to see that pocket mark hidden there in a fourth quarter put that Craig Erickson in so what if he was the worst lady that that brought ever had big deal We don't care about that That's not what Bernie said 1038 a Wild Rest by the host gastric colors on Wild or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors All the UID programs are comfy right 1996 by Wild Incorporated And they'll say recordings or transcripts maybe created or distributed without prior written consent of Wild Incorporated sweet liquor is is the pain Well seven ring To the taco From the B and company it's the tuna taco. Oh, I love tuna taco Yes people across the world are coming out of the closet to enjoy a tuna taco I love sliding my tongue into a tuna taco to be in company going out of its way to bring you the best in your tuna taco Plus, hmm that into a tuna taco she likes it. Hello, I'm lesbian president of the B and company And I'm happy to present new tier dinner table this seafood tuna taco my favorite is tuna taco Oh, I bet it is so go on down It fell up your box with tuna taco also available with cheese 1042 a WID George bought a nowhere that drop-in just came from as Peter North would say I just came across it So anyway, here's the phone number that guy that called yesterday about the a satellite thing If you're sick and tear to this prime 24 business where they had the Network of filiets are trying to screw over the satellite people there's a toll free number No, it's not toll free. There's a number you didn't call it is toll free. How can a day date be toll free? Did you know that? Well, it is toll free number to find out how you can help change the current law and make sure that you keep your network of filiets from out of state from like WRL in WJ LA or whatever that is Jay What is it? Whatever that one is in Washington that Has the ABC as in Monday night football like last night not that I watched to the course, but I did call 1 8 8 8 All please one 8 8 7 2 8 36 98 These are the satellite people Congress needs deer from you like immediately so we can get a stop this So you know and we don't wind up losing all of our out-of-state and out-of-town and network of filiets Otherwise we're gonna get screwed so while you satellite people big-dish and small-dish 1 8 8 8 7 2 8 36 98 We'll give it again later Josh more does that make him a mother Played by Rachel Ward and the two have a sexie need ascribes as awesome scorch court. How do you like that? When I got the job I immediately went out and read it against all odds to study Rachel's work Especially in the bedroom he says I'm gonna be very fully prepared and very fully packed Okay, here's uh, well now what is that? Why why in the middle of what's going on here? You put a call on from Minneapolis, okay? Hello Hey, no, yes, sir. What's going on not much? Hey, I used to live in Florida. Yeah, and uh, while I moved up here Yeah, well you're gonna be freezing your ass off pretty soon. I know I know we had a good summer, but it's coming to a close rapidly And my brother told me about the Atkins died. Yeah, so I went out and I checked out the book. Yeah, and In three months I was able to lose 77 pounds. Oh Jesus 77 pounds. I was a blown up Retarded looking blimp yeah, and Noun's felt and got people Say and hide of me and treat me like a real human being yeah, yep. It's unbelievable That's some of my impact here has been my all the way from from the keys to Minneapolis. I am telling the Ankins great I tried Over 11 years. I tried everything that came down the pipe and nothing works. Yeah, and Just to to what I walked down the street and I see people that are fat I'm just like thinking you've been fed a bunch of lies that they could just knew about this diet They could just you know change their life right? It's incredible all these people that are running and buying a fat free donuts and blown up like a giant But I know it's ridiculous. Yeah, so I miss you fantastic man keep up the great work All right, can I say hello? Although it's probably prohibited by FCC yeah, go ahead even I will love bleep it out. Yeah Mung bag Who? Mung bag Kevin oh your immigrant chronic Kevin That's my brother and then there's scoops and there's Steve oh sure and stony all those go Yeah, I know they're all listen okay pal have a great life. Good luck We have an open line of broward. How do you like that? They're losing it in Minneapolis. Are they shouting in Minneapolis yet? Are they shouting in Atlanta So here's somebody speaking of the Atkins somebody John and Del Ray Beach sends me a thing From what is this from FAA not the airline people by the way speaking of the airline people Robert Francis I think you're a liar food addicts anonymous is this FAA and it has a thing about sugar and incredible addictive thing and This is a guide to abstinence from sugar and all this other bull crap and it's I'm looking through it It's pretty boring to be honest with you John. It's really Terminal oh I see this is this is an organization where it's like a real thing I thought it was like a put on this is a real group. This is like What's that other one that they have The anonymous checkers. Yeah, Chubby checkers right Oh give me a break. No, it's for fat birds. It's called Chubby Peckers for fat chickens Now seriously, what's the dieters over over eaters anonymous? That's the other one But this is food addicts anonymous FAA and it's a group to you know help you get off the sugar and all the carbohydrates You're a dick. I don't care what anybody says. It's not a debatable point. It's a fact It's a fact man. It's addictive And if you want to deny it be in denial. Okay. We'll bring you a will pack your sandwich and bring your flowers 1047 a WIOD And we say dolphins on radio we mean Semperon Maddo Turn down the TV sound and crank up the dolphins on the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play news talking entertainment radio 610 51 a WOD somebody named Billy who's out of states who we can't hear me anyway. It says is a former student or listener whatever it Helites us for 30 years. He lived in Florida. He's moved to a new Mexico and he sends me the Santa Fe new Mexican from Thursday, September 19th And the front page story is about this former arch Bishop Robert Sanchez who says I didn't know a abuse was a crime This is the most unbelievable pile of crap and this also I want to dedicate this story to that Orthodox or whatever that's from Jew that called me for unwritten suds that was so upset because I don't respect his Arcade beliefs Revelations included in the 700 page document say Former arch Bishop Sanchez as he thought that in theological terms abuse of children is less grave than abortion or striking a priest He did not consider a priest who had father to child and been treated for alcoholism a threat and allowed him to return to parish work He was unaware of any extensive and continued damage that a child might suffer from sexual abuse He never thought of initiating extensive investigations and a sexual abuse by priests because he didn't want to divide congregations He also said that in one case and investigation of abuse was left to a priest who had also been accused of improper priorities Here is the best here's the best line of all He said he didn't know until the late 1980s more than a decade after allegations of child abuse by priests first came to his attention that molesting children is a crime. I Certainly had no idea that I had any obligation to bring that type of offense against the person of the authorities he said He also revealed that he had sexual activity during the 19 years he served as arch bishop He resigned in 1993 after three women publicly accused him of having sexual relationships with them And it goes on and on and on but this is this is the best he had no idea at any obligation to bring it to the authorities or that it was a crime molesting children of course not Papa no problem father or two god here's a lady in Western hello Lady in Western hello yes, man. Neo. Hi. How are you doing? Okay? I'd like to have the opportunity to turn your mind around about banking I'm calling from family back. Okay, but let me just say this to you. Okay, I appreciate what you're saying But I mentioned this before you probably didn't hear it. I have unfortunately Thousands of checks printed up for my laser printer and my computer that have you know my account number and this bank and all of this Other I'm locked into them until it's ready for me to get out. You know what I'm saying? Neo if you switch to us. Yeah, we will we'll give you checks your first order checks like the one you have are gonna be free Right and we'll give you great service. Okay. We're completely different from the big banks. I'm easy you can come into our office I mean I can't get the Weston I can't Request him. Yeah, why do I have to go to Weston? I can go right it's sunrise and flamingo You can you can go there But we'd like you to come here because we listen to you right and we're in a wanna come there We don't take it personal, but I'm not gonna give you that order a check for free I'm not taking a personally right you can come in here any day Talk to our branch manager or a system branch manager you can sit down open and account with me Right, you can have coffee every single day. I don't drink coffee. Well, you can get a score Why give me the score. It's I can't drink coffee. Well, you can come in and talk to people who are We'll like their job. We'd love to and you're really short changing yourself by not dealing with family banks Okay Well, I'll put you on hold. Maybe you can tell George who I go see at the one at sunrise and flamingo because that's right by my house It's so convenient that I can't I can't pass it up. Uh-huh Why can't you just open your account here you can do business there. Yeah Come on Neil. Where are you in Western? We're right out of our via to Parkway Side of our via to Parkway right off of i75 Yeah, a little bit south of where our via to Parkway crosses over Weston Road. Oh my god 26 30 Western road. Yeah, we're a great branch We have a wonderful staff that loves to take care of their customers We're completely different from the banks you're used to okay hang on and the majority will take the info, okay? Thanks Neil. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Line six take her stuff down and maybe I'll take a bus to our via Oh god, you know how far that is at least 10 minutes We have an open line on a purple line pound iod mobile one cell a tnt wireless. We have one on the green line What yeah, I'm I want out I want out of Haitian's bank It wasn't bad enough that it was so embarrassing that it was not not just not just another hold We've already had all the holes on the account in the past that wasn't bad enough But now we got like oh guess what it was armistake yet more than enough to cover the check Somebody just decided to bounce it and now you got other checks in your personal account bouncing And they didn't understand my panic in my apprehension as to well, you know you've screwed me with eight thousand dollars in my personal account and you're putting it back in there now But what about the checks that may have come in against the earlier? Oh well, there's nothing on there right now And I get home and guess what sure their house sure is how was they just didn't bother look that far Slip shot Slip shot unacceptable screw in around with other people's money Here's South Miami hello Hey Neil how you doing okay Another bank story for you here. All right, this is about trying to change banks It just seems like you could never win like I have an account at I have a couple of small business accounts at Barnett Bank And like I always kept a minimum balance in there so I wouldn't have to pay a Service fee right and Then all of a sudden you know, I'm checking my bank statements and I see they're hitting me up for $18 on each account so that's like 36 bucks a month and I'm throwing away All of a sudden and then I call them and they say well, you know, we we raise our minimum balance $1,500 Or need to count so I was shopping around for another bank to go to and So I you know by phone I found out you know, which ones have a minimum balance that I can afford you know to Charge down everything this will sound a great you know, so I go to them You know it takes like an hour and a half or something sitting there and then you know going through all the paperwork and everything and And then they put my deposits in and it's like great This is gonna be great. I'm I'm really glad I'm doing this and then you know after I've gone through all this paperwork and have my money in their bank She says By the way, you know, we have a 30 day hold 30 days All my money they wouldn't let me touch you. It doesn't matter what I put in what bank was that that's called Bank United it's like a self Miami bank Bank United yeah, what the hell is that? It's a bank that I don't have my money in and it's all you have to give me everything back You know and my my checks were canceled on the back and they got all their back Well, what could possibly be the reason for holding anything for 30 days? That's not even legal. I don't think they say they like to establish a relationship with their new customer by pissing them off before they get started Right, I couldn't believe it. Did they get it? Did they also hand you a jar of gasoline when they told you this? I just had given my money back Got give it back to me and then I go back to Barnett and like You know I'm trying to put these these checks with all the stamps on the back of them back in So I look This is what happened and you can call you a bank if you want to but I need to get this money in the bank right and so like She says well, what were you doing? I said well, you know, I was closing out my accounts here because of your Service charges, you know, they just too high and so like she says well wait just one minute This is a teller so she takes the time to go in to see the branch manager and then they call me in and say well, why do you want to close your accounts? And so you know, I tell them about the service charges and She says well, this is something we don't tell most of our customers, but We have this other account where the fees have you know Well, it's like to think with the credit cards. So you can get a lower rate somewhere else well We'll talk to her because we can't get to the seller deal right we don't tell anybody about it But we got the same deal here. You go. I can't go to a teller though. I have to do everything. Yeah, they gave me the cards to use the machine yeah, and I have to do all my deposits that way if I ever have to go to a teller It's like 395 per transaction You mean like to make it a deposit? Yeah, you can't do it you gotta put it in you gotta put it in the machine Well, what do you mean 395 per transaction? In other words you're putting your money in and they're gonna charge you to do that? Yeah, if you go to a teller oh my god, that's the only way Oh my god, and heaven I'm going to the wailing wall right now if you find a bank Okay, yeah, I'm in self-many. I don't know where they're gonna work on family bank Okay, I hope they're like to what down here. Okay, my rucha ta to know it wears my money Say it like this 16 W i D i n for Glodard Hill Meals off in an entertainment radio 16 W i o d New my queen When they can make call me melanoma I tend to live almost in a coma Hawaii Miami and they never ever use any sunscreen Sun with me 10 with me. Hope we don't mind I'm a little prickly I'm in the center we get melanoma We date like a bun you excel the aroma. I like to roll on but there's nobody more No, I spend all day at work planning that when I get off a go-tending I get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it My astrologist and numerologists have to help me find the dermatologist Hey 6 to W i o d and so anyway father wrote tool here is asked. Did you know that what Jason's Siggler this is one of the yachal molesting priests that what he did to the children of your Persters was a crime he says I did not know it was a crime sir Question so you did not feel in your own heart of hearts in 1981 that sexual molestation of a child was a crime Answer from father wrote tool sir in 1981. I did not understand that to be a crime I consider to consider it to be a moral and fraction of his own life and it was an offense against the child but not a crime Oh my god talk about ran of course, you know this is the place remember the thing that 60 minutes did a few years ago It's before years ago. This is the place in New Mexico where they send all these other priests Who have been a dittlin with kids they send them there to like be rehabilitated instead of saying the prison where they belong Or sending them to some place to really get treatment for whatever their damn problem is they send them to this place So they can molest the kids in the New Mexico. Maybe the Indians do and the Mexicans Here's my amy hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir I'm calling in reference to you're pirated on the bank. Yes, and I have My hatred for the bank goes back to February 1st 1965 hatred my hatred for the back. Yeah, I was a newspaper reporter sent in by the Forced editor to interview a guy by the name of max mailing Who on June 9th 1936 Beat the 11 day life. I'm sure Lewis right and I got gone went through the story and so forth and towards the end of the interview he says to me He says I'm German. He says we far as the bullet and he says You Americans paid to put him in the chamber and I says what he's talking about He says I said with Hitler for two years He says Hitler would never get up from the table without laughing with those people in presence in saying If it wasn't for the federal reserve system, which is our banking system Given me $43 million, I would have never made it to power Now I did some research on this and I found that the federal reserve was established in December of 1913 And on January 1933 Hitler had his rear-ringed kick by a guy by the name of Juan Yeah, I remember hitting the wheels. I don't know whether you're here in the year not right here. Okay And his or there were 33 million votes to cap Hitler getting only 12 billion And the reason for his is that Hitler But I like to see what's on it the picture Now as the result of this The bankers here in America were saying well the fall of the Thought market in December 29 We were four years in the adults and some of the depreciates Are you I Think he's done are you sure positive So anyway, we have an open line in the green line 1-800-944-9463 Let's hear about the trial lateral commission in the new world order, okay, and about six pack shicker Here's a tamarack hello Hey, don't know yes, sir. What about the game yesterday? Okay, I The 5th gauge the sports says no, we know no win no victory. Yeah, I don't believe even with with Dan with it They would have won that game how come how come Jim Kelly was out of the game for Buffalo and they beat the Cowboys on Sunday? Exactly. I mean, you know Danny's great. No, all of that. He looked like he was really on there early in the game Although he was limp and almost from the start, but he looked like his arm was really on and I thought we were gonna be in for a night But you know to something on that first drive again same old crap we get first in goal inside the five-yard line field goal same old crap again That's it and you know something they got beat all up and down. They're offensive line got beat the defense line They went into the game number one Rusty fence yeah, but look who we played like I tried to tell people look who we've been planned this one This wasn't the jet exactly and he had seven starters out but you but can you figure why in that fourth quarter? I have to you just knew that they were gonna be blitz and burning on every third down And then we were in the last few minutes on every down. Why didn't we run it one drop play? We never tried it once and that's all they were stopping it down our throat Every time they ran the draw eight yards ten yards twelve yards and we never expected it I mean they could they could do it anytime they wanted That's how they even even with all the injuries on their defensive line we still couldn't run the ball that's the thing that's scary All right now good talk to you. Okay, pal. Have a good day and back to you Yeah, so we got to buy next week then Danny will be back. He's got a twisted ankle no need to have a panic All the way. I'll tell you look pretty scary there when I had to shoot and one other thing I don't understand I don't want to start second guessing Jimmy but he ain't perfect either, okay, especially with their hairdo You remember when they took Marina out and at that time we're thinking oh not that Achilles 10 and again Oh geez and and they's got a shoe off okay and he's over on the bench and they're like Massage his foot and they bring in the masseuse and she's rubbing it and his foot two and and now they show Bernie now granted the Colts had got the ball but Bernie is standing on a sideline talking joking with Craig Yerickson and with a couple other guys he's got his is cap on He's not warming up his arm. He's not like getting ready. He's not putting the helmet eyes not getting ready to go in it He's just dittled around and and the deer door for my can't stand but for once in his life He said there he said you know if if there's a turnover now the dolphins get to ball the next few seconds. They got no quarterback They got nobody ready to go when they're in the and play quarterback because Marina was sure as hell can't get back in They're now no matter even if he's okay. He's got what's he got to do go in there with one shoe So I don't know what they're thinking about over there, but maybe that's maybe there been at the bank too much Maybe Jimmy's been to the bank too much. That could be it It's 12 minutes after 11 at Wiod some nights I go for a walk in a clouds others. I have nightmares about reading this copy Other nights I just die hard with the vengeance. I like to get bushwack with a brothers McMullan. Have you ever see them? Check out the little shop of horrors with the swan princess out of the Hula moan or invite Mrs Parker with the vicious circle over with the hougars To have a bonfire of the vanities in the living room. Hey, I'm nobody's fool, but I can't wait to rock around a clock after I scream and scream again What am I talking about? I'm talking about this copy. I'm talking about cinemax. It's really unbelievable. It's great Nothing but movies if you're a fried fan check out hell razor three hell on earth From beyond the grave and Frankenstein must be destroyed like the action flicks to an in for last man standing expect Number see in the specialist need to love lesson try love has many pushes Faces love is a gun and love with a proper stranger if you've got movies on your mind This is the place for you just one that work you need cinemax with over 250 movies showing just this month during September cinemax if you're really are into movies and if you're in the good copy man, forget about Wiod What Hill Henry 2016 I'm a views talk in the field Park 610ischen Oh But don't lose it's not Yeah, when no nation chooses He's got a ride on that is useless He's done another than three students Got no watches, Robert's don't lose it You might as well vote for me You might as well vote for me I've got no interest in politics For Robert don't just kind of make me sick Who bad there isn't someone else to pick Could she reminds me of tricky dick That's why I'm betting that's why But don't lose it's not only You should choose a lot of teeth for say he's ruthless He's campaigned, Brenner, it proves it He's gonna watch his robber don't lose it You might as well vote for me You might as well vote for me I know that Clinton isn't as home And for that matter, so is lost for real But I just cannot vote for Robert don't Everybody says he's too old That's why I'm telling you Robert don't lose it When no nation chooses How are we on the air? He's done another thing He's gonna do it Both play him and you are stupid You're gonna watch his robber don't lose it You might as well vote for me You might as well vote for me The fans are getting to blow the blow the way selection 1117 at WIDI I can easily understand that Especially with Bernie and they're doing his side saddle routine But that's an ugly thing to watch I'll tell you a man or man when he starts Flap in his arms like a duck That's a really ugly thing to have to watch Here's a pop-in-o hello Yeah, I think that's why he wasn't so anxious to get into the game Yeah, he knows that he's too slow for Hannah Phelman Yes, he is He wasn't a winner in Cleveland He's never won in the big city He's as immobile as a statue Yeah, you see him getting the games like a boy Well wouldn't you wouldn't I mean I'm not a big Greg Harrison Listen to me Yeah, I'm not a big Greg Harrison fan to say the best okay But at least he's young and he's mobile, okay Wouldn't wouldn't you have thought there maybe in the last couple of series they might have tried sticking him in there since they knew that the cults were you know Blitz and like crazy and they were like you know and Bernie had no chance of getting away from the blitz They might have put somebody and who might have been able to get out of the pocket and scramble a little bit and make a play Right, we couldn't make one short reception and then of course Then of course, Karim drops the screen pass he finally gets he finally gets away from the past rush He finally makes a nice little screen pass and oops there it is that was the first down play That would have kept the drive going who knows what would have Yeah, that's true But you know he's too slow he's got to go Sorry man he's just you know look and also look like she was a team was back or something I think it was good I mixed it up a little on offense of nothing is working But it's still your hands up and but we couldn't run the ball You know and all I mean not not a lick not an inch not a not at all nothing Now they're running it up the mirror on us again like last year Right up the middle every time they wanted to him and you got to feel that the anytime they want to run the drop play It was going to be like a shock to us like we didn't know it was coming Right Anyways Next week we won't lose guarantee Action that's all I can say Okay, thanks pal Yeah next week I guarantee no dolphin loss. Yeah, I'm going to bet my life on it We have an open line of Broward 524 and also guarantee that Bernie won't be starting next Sunday Chris went out playing next Sunday or Monday Oh, thank God we got that week off to regroup and reorganize and get Danny healed up and get a new second string quarterback Sorry Bernie or a great guy we love Bernie's a really good guy never stole a freight train everybody loves him But the Senate back to Cleveland he could fit in good weather team right now. Oh, they don't have one here's uh here's poker hello Hello, yes sir. I have you doing okay. I wanted to tell you a bank story of all bank stories Uh-huh. You think $8,000 is a lot had you like to lose 540 nice 1000 1000 nice get it back though. Can't tell you the bank not allowed to terms of the lawsuit settlement for the lawsuit the law. I like to sounds of that Make a deposit the teller punches in two digits incorrect In other words the right numbers on the back of a cashier's check, but she punches in the wrong digits He me on the account number on the account number nice have a deposit ticket The bank says the money is missing 60 days. They're still looking for the money. Uh-huh. Always make a copy of your cashier's checks or your checks that you deposit from other people Look over a year. Oh, beautiful over a year. And you sued the rest at cost me I had to pay all 100,000 to turnies fees. I sued their ass. I got back very well. But I took a year out of my life Okay, and it wasn't crazy and stupid and it wasn't no care no bother and it wasn't Haitian bank Okay, I'm not allowed to say which one from California that that didn't say did us it Okay, but stay away from them. Okay. I'm gonna do it have a good doubt. We're going to Las Vegas now that we got the money Great. I hope you I hope you win millions. We're moving there. Oh, you're moving there. I've headed here I've been here 20 years. I've headed. We are leaving Friday morning. Well, save some space in the trunk You're welcome to come. Okay. Good luck. Okay. That's the luck. Bye. How do you like that? He hit the jackpot all right So just a 540,000 dollar mistake. You think you got problems because we're dealing with really stupid stupid underpaid people I'm not saying they're bad people. Some of the people are very nice. Some of the people mean well, but you know something what do they say about the best of intentions Especially when they're dealing with your money. I don't care about good intentions. I'd like to see at least an accurate job. Don't even smile at me Okay, I don't care about that. It would be nice, but don't even worry about smiling just get it right get the numbers right just get it right. That's all that's all I ask Oh, we can't do that I mean you sit there and you look at that thing and like I said I want you to stop and try to absorb this in your mind You're looking at 15 or 16 lines on a computer from a ledger from one account and There are four mistakes out of the 16 lines and all of them by the way in the banks favor All of them to my Disturbance and discredit So like I said family bank sounds are pretty interesting. Are they spell night with a beer nod? It's 10 to what is it 1120. Oh, that's right. We're gonna have to start giving us coast time now If we also have any spy reports about what Steve Nichol said on the year Sunday morning since that's the only way we get to find out what he's thinking what's going on Since he's pretty much invisible the rest of the week. I mean that that just boggles my mind What that guy called in on Rick and said this morning about today is the day he's gonna decide whether he's going with Paxon and Phil we're gonna be Simon casting like right off the bat before he even starts and all this other oh man Lusions of fantasy visions of sugar plums Did I say it's 1122 at Wiod you can't say it often enough to screw up those best of tapes W-I-O-D Your marriage takes us order to after each day. I like it. I like it. Are you gay? Are you unsure of your sexuality? Yes being gay is a full-time commitment So before you sashay on out of the closet pick up a copy of it's okay to be a homo It's okay to be a homo is a surefire way to find out if you're gay The book contains page after page of probing questions like how would you say the phrase seven sailors suck slippery chefs Seven sailors suck slippery chefs or questions like would your other spank a bear bottom or spank your monkey? Oh, that's nice. What kind of question is that? I mean if you really must know I'm not really into cruelty to animals Well with the exception of jurbels. I'd rather spank a bear bottom bitch. No, I'm sorry, but bitch is it until chapter eight Pick up a copy of it's okay to be a homo. It's okay to be a homo available at all boys ten of the book stores We're not talking about women 11 27 a W-I-O-D. We have an open line on a green line, which I'm not really sure if the green line is going to disappear after Friday Or what who's going to disappear to be honest with you? I was just talking one of the funerary of our counter executives who's hobbling around because his colon was stuck deep inside his back Something like that. I thought that's where it's supposed to be but anyway, did you hear his story? About he had like his a gallbladder out a few years ago. How could you tell and his colon was like stuck part of it in his I don't know somewhere I mean when you were you that big it's hard to find where all the parts are anyway So anyway, we were just commiserating over the fact that nobody knows anything at this point, but hey come Monday boy come Monday Here's Pompano. Hello. Yes sir. I don't have a bank story for you because I have no money, but on a note on last night's game The reason I didn't put her accident he was on an inactive list. They couldn't put him in if they wanted. Yes, they could. No, from the inactive list. Yes. Oh, thanks sir. Yes, they could. That's that's the thing we were talking about this morning. He was dressed And when you have one or more of the other first two string quarterbacks, they could have put him in the fourth quarter If they did put him in he would have had to stay in but they could have put him in. Oh, see I didn't realize that. Right. It's some crazy rule that they changed three four years ago, which I wasn't aware of till last night And especially this part about if they if they put him in Let's like say in a second quarter, let's say both cosar and marino both got hurt, okay? Okay, and they put him in in a second quarter and then you know one of the first two guys like shook off the injury was able to come back They can't put him back until the fourth quarter. Now I know that sounds bizarre, but I think I see the reasoning behind it business. If at least they're going to let you dress the third string quarterback Even though he's inactive. It's it's done to discourage people from you know just really nearly using the three quarterbacks see what I'm saying Well, how does fifth are going to weigh with the day with Cornell Stewart Cornell Stewart. Yeah, but he's but he's not on a roster as a quarterback. Oh, okay. I see the difference. You know, there was we could put I don't know if somebody else in there is quarterback who's not really on or lost a quarterback You found one I'm saying right now on another word, but in other words, Ericson is obviously listed as a quarterback And his dressed but on the inactive list for the game and can only come in in case of injuries to the other two Oh, that means the problem still red with your experience. Don't you think so? Absolutely. I mean, I saw shades of Schuola in their last night. I mean granted. I don't want to take anything away from the courts But they're you know the two defensive ends both out. They had two linebackers banged up. I mean and all of a and we can't do anything against them No imagination nothing different straight up the middle over and over again And then of course Bernie getting buried over and over in at the fourth quarter was the one of the ugliest things ever seen in my life You're right. He had less he had less than no chance. I felt so sorry for my no Yeah, I really did. I mean he not that he's that much of a talent, but he's a good guy goes out there and gives you his best Which isn't much, but he gives you his best and he just was getting buried. I mean they didn't give him two seconds of protection This is true. Are you okay? Good luck to us pal. Hardie, Bob. We'll be okay. It just wasn't going to be a 16 and oh, here we knew that. All those some of these people Super Bowl we beat three horse crab teams and right away to screaming Super Bowl. I tried to tell you We're going to lose a few here in air. We'll just hope for the best Nice catch by OJ there by the way. OJ made a great catch and Mcduffy too open line and Broward 5249463524 Wild here's my Emmy. Hello my Emmy. Buiness deas. Hi Neo. Yes, sir. Another bank story for for you. Yes, if I'd give you a check for argument sake for twenty dollars drawn on my bank city bank You decide to go and cash it over the counter. They'll only give you fifteen dollars the charges five dollars if you cash it Check over a counter. How about if the check is for six bucks? Where you get it back back? You get a dollar. I've just called them now to confirm provide the other five bucks goes to the president of Mexico. I don't know. Sure. Or his brother. You might ask him to comment on that that is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Nice. Five bucks in other words if I rate you would check now how about if it's on the same bank. If it's the checker rate is on their bank on city bank. They will ask me if I'm an account holder. I don't have to prove it if I say yes they waived the five dollars charge. Uh-huh. If I say no they'll deduct five dollars. Okay. I got a check for it for five and a quarter pound. Thank you. Be right over. Yeah. Okay. We have no idea. See this is just I'm glad that this came up last two days even in a very perverse and massacistic way. Because I really don't need the grief. But there are just so many nightmarish things that these bastards are doing to people. And it's, you know, the the Yamato regulation that goes on. We're supposed to be being protected against all this crap. But generally speaking they do whatever the hell they want. And so instead of holding your check for like five years now they can only hold it for a year or whatever. It's just stupid. They get credit for the money immediately. And at the same time you sit and wait until they're good and ready to give you credit for it. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? My name is Matt and I am the branch manager of Family Bank at Sargras. Yes sir. One of my customers just came in here and said that the Western branch tried to Shanghai or account from me. Yes he did. I just wanted to make sure that don't do all of them pull that crap on you. Come right down here. I tried to explain to her that I live right by your right at sunrise in Slumango. Right? That's right. I live I could throw a gigantic brick for my house right through your window because I live that close. Not that I want to yet. Well I hope it doesn't come to that point. But listen, I really don't listen to you that much. But I have the I'd have the radio on here listening to you. And man, I can't believe how pissed off people are at bank. They are. And they get you getting screwed over and look, I don't need the grief. I don't need the aggravation. I'm not being a hard ass. But when they screw you over about the 10 to 15 time, sure, you keep making the same mistakes. I mean, your patient starts running out. Hey, well, all I got to say is that the more these big banks keep doing that, the more this bank is going to grow and be super. Because every day people are coming here saying, oh, I'm pissed. Great Western. I'm picked off at nation's bank. Right. And that's the niche that we're filling out here. So I guarantee you'll be happy here. And I'm sure you'll have nothing good to say. Nothing but good stuff to say. So you're also going to give me my Zidian checks free. Like she was going to do over the other player. Anything you want, man. Everything is totally free. I'll take good care of it. By the way, my mom is from Sicily. And this guy that knows you, I guess, says you're a big fan of the godfather's. Right. Like Italy. Love it. But I look forward to meeting you, man. Okay. So I come and see you. Just ask for Matt. I'm the manager out here. Okay. Will you be there tomorrow afternoon? I will make a point to be here. I will see you then. Okay. Bye. Okay. So I'm going to go see Matt. I'm going to shine. Sorry, Maud. Matt's still your way. Well, it's just I'm lazy. Like most people, plus let's face it. When you got a bank right down the corner, you're not going to go all the way down there. Where is that? Where does that go? I'm not going to go down there. We have an open line in date. 7.5. One. We got two and a. Broward 5. 2. 4. 4. 4. Wild. So based on what I just heard moments ago, I guess on Monday, we're going to find out what's going to happen on Monday. Do you know what I'm saying? In other words, people like D4 were wondering if he's still going to be with us, we don't know until Monday, till the takeover actually takes place. Who's going to be on who's on first? Is this who's going to be the program director? Who's going to be on overnight? Who's in charge? Are we getting paid? Which I could tell that's the right two, but I'd like to find out the answer first. I mean, that's another great. Well, I paid. He wants to get paid. Yeah, I'd like to get paid like maybe once in a while would be good. And something first to think about. Maybe talk about. That's part of the deal, like once in a while. 1135, a Wild. W-I-O-D. My foot giant, it really gets my panties in a while. Ladies, why spend harder money on different feminine hedging products when all you need is one? That's how much. That's right. I'll new vagimature because over 22 feminine hedging products in one. Just listen for cramps, bloating and 12-hour freshness. That's how much. Four bladder infections, stretch marks, and vertical spanes. That's how much it can. Four PMS, and STDs, it's... That's how much. But wait, there's more. Vegimetric is also a furniture polish. Carpet deodorizer and stain remover. Use Vegimetric on your pet stick control ticks and flees. Use Vegimetric is a plant fooder garden mulch. Use Vegimetric is a tampon or a turtle wax. Vegimetric will even freshen the breath and whiten the teeth of your partner. And mom, just sprinkle some Vegimetric on that dull Monday night be loaf. And we guarantee there won't be any leftovers. Great batch of loaf, mom. Why if we didn't have court cases pending with the FDA, we could give you literally hundreds of uses for Vegimetric. Vegimetric, now available in reusable 28-ounce bottles. With our patented, no slip, kung-fu grip, applicator handle. Vegimetric makes a great stocking stuffer, and it's not legal in 38 states that find pharmacies, convenient stores, and auto body shops everywhere. Vegimetric, it's so like pen and dollar in my pants. Vegimetric, it works. Like magic. 1138-22-Til noon at WIOD, as we continue in the dark here. We have three days left after the day, three more shows, and then all of a sudden the Cox interest in this radio stage. Now that was a bad way of putting it, because Cox is interested in this radio station and it months ago. Many, maybe years ago, but their financial interest in the station ends as of this weekend, sometime either Friday or Monday morning or a Shivouwis or whatever. And then the Parks and People are being here on Monday, and maybe we'll find out who's on first. Here's Haley on a purple line. Hello. Hi there. Neil, are you doing? Okay sir. Well I just wanted to clarify one thing here on this quarterback issue. One caller called it was at an house, a Pittsburgh doing this, you know, with Miller and Stewart. The first came to the season. Miller and Stewart weren't put in together. They put Tom's back in, didn't realize about the rule apparently. I believe it was the first or second quarter. The first play that Tom's back was in, he throws the interception. And the other two guys were out until the fourth quarter. No, they said until over time. Are you really? Yeah. So I mean, and the reason is, you know, there's was the inactive types situation. You can have three quarterbacks. Do you want? That's the way I understood it. It was it's the inactive quarterback. You can have, you know, you can have three, you can have five quarterbacks active on a roster. If you want if they're all listed as active. Correct. Correct. So, but it is a bizarre rule and whatnot. And I just wanted to point that out and appreciate the time. Let me talk here and enjoy your show. Even whatever happens after Friday, you know. I'm not going anywhere. I'll be here. You could be an easy listing station. Okay, pal. Take it easy. See you. Okay, that's it. We're going to be playing easy Perry. Come on and Tony better. He made a big comeback. We're going to be playing a lot of easy listing music. Peggy Lee and the Cero Vaughn. We're going to be playing some real easy music. It's going to be dreamy and it's going to be a great one. If anybody would be beautiful thing. I love it. Go get grant the way the wayward wind. We have an open line in Burst songs from before you were even an idea before you were an embryo on 610 Wild. Open line of Broward 5249463524 Wild. Here's Papino. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what ever happened on Friday when you left early? Whatever happened with what? You are near for a couple hours. I went out of town for the weekend. Oh, you did. Yes, sir. Okay. No one knew no one seen to know what was going on. It still came on to his business. Well, see, I'll tell you what happened is that US air, which I had another good experience. I like US air. It's my second time using them. And I'm sure I'll use them again. The only thing I don't like about them is they have a habit of changing flight times like very, very late. In other words, you may have tickets for weeks. Okay, to go somewhere. And then all of a sudden they they call you when they call you, which is nice. And they say, oh, guess what? You know, your flight on such and such a date? Well, we just moved it up an hour. So they just sent you running out of there to get your plane on time. Right. Okay. Secondly, have you been watching Chris Burman on Monday night? Have time. Highlight. No. Do you like Chris Burman? Yeah. I like Chris Burman, but to me, he's like a banana split. You know, once in a while, one is really delicious. But too much of it is just significantly sweet. And Chris Burman, I'm not, I think I've been over Chris Burman. You know, I'm over saturated. Well, I saw a very amusing quote in the paper a couple of weeks ago, a gentleman by the name of Norman Chat had written that having Chris Burman host the Monday night, half time highlight is like having father Guido sirdoo, she preside over Chris Miss Mass at the Vatican. Mia. And I think that's quite appropriate. Okay. And for my opinion, I hope default goes. I'm tired of his monologues. I'm tired of him having to use Dr. Kovorky in and every. I like to see him go through one newscast without saying that though, the dolphin defense or dolphin offense last night was searching for Dr. Kovorky. Yeah. So it's waiting for a call of Dr. Kovorky. You know what I think that is, I think that's a Steve Nickel thing. I really do a cousin ever used to do any of that. And I think that under he's been taken under the wing of our program director. And that Steve Nickel has encouraged him to do these silly puns and all this and just and never ending succession of those things. I agree with you. I like default much, much better before when he was just doing the stuff and being himself and given the information and having some fun as opposed to trying to be a sit down comic all the time. This is really right out his monologues. You say he has done in the past. Did he sit down and have things written out like his monologues? Oh, I never said that about did I ever say that? I think you've joked about it a few times. Maybe he does. I don't know. I certainly those liners. He must write those down because nobody could think of those. It really sounds like it's totally scripted when he found the air for the first five or six minutes of the show. Well, maybe he learned it from Mike Spindell. Have a great day, pal. See you. Okay. So, DFO's out. We have all the lines that Broward wide open out. What the hell just happened there? Everybody's on a way to family bank note out to see Matt. 5249463, 524Wiod in an open line on a green line, 1-800-944. Speaking of the green line in Palm Beach, somebody also sends me a great clipping from the local news of the Palm Beach Post September 19, which is the last Thursday. Speaking of that good old-timer, Ligen. And here's a picture of this. I mean, is this a public school? Maybe this is not a public school. I don't know because I'm just reading the blurb here. It says green acre is Sherry and Brian Jackson teaches at John Islander High School, which doesn't sound like a Perocule school to me. Join more than 80 students at the Flagpole to pray for the country and their school wins day before class. The third wins day in September was see you at the pool prayer day at John Islander High. See you at your pool prayer day? It a public school? Okay, whatever you say. Whatever you say, whatever you say, this is America. Okay, they just don't get it. They don't understand. Just leave me alone with your religion. Just put it worth. Radio stations like to show off their awards for news. But only one radio station wins the award from the only judges who count. Listen to the radio. Top of mind. Number one. News talking entertainment radio. 16. W-I-O-D. I want to give you a kiss. Okay. If you're thinking of having sex with an protection, you better think again. Oh. Oh. This is making me so hot. Me too. Come on. Let's go all the way. I hear in the back seat if you're caught. Sure. Okay. Did you bring any protection? Protection. I'm not going to have sex with you. Can we protect you? Don. Look. Having sex with an adwaring a condom is like jumping out of a plane with adwaring a parachute. If you're not wearing one, you ain't getting none. Hmm. I'm getting even hotter than I was last night. Come on. Let's go all the way. I'm going to tell you. Not unless you brought protection. I did bring protection. Hell. That's a parachute. A parachute. As look. It's got a rest of our tip. That's the reserve suit. Pull my rep card. Bye-bye. Pull your own rep card. Sure. I always end up pulling my own rep card. Condoms. Don't run them all. Oh. Think of them as little parachute for your penis. Okay. I'm 50-tend-al-noona W-I-O-D. We got an open line in date. We got the purple line. What did we do to do? Somebody farting here real bad? We were rolling longs and singing a song. I was like the end. All of a sudden it's that big brick wall again. 5-2-4-9-4-6-3. All the lines in Broward and White Open. Purple line. Mobile 1-Cell 18-T-Warlas. Bond-I-O-D. Et cetera. Oh, God. Here we go again. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Nian. Okay. Okay. Let me tell you what happens to me on Friday. I went to the bank. I deposited a check for $3006. Yes. When I got my slip, I looked at it. It said $296. How about the moment? How about the amount? I deposited $306. I did the slip is telling me $296. Right. So I went back inside and I said, listen, I deposited a check. Oh, the guy ready. Ready for me long time. I said, look, let me speak to the supervisor. She came out to say, listen, I just deposited a check for $306. This thing is telling me $296. That's a nice, even $10. Maybe they tell her how to go to lunch. 10 bucks. That's right. So anyway, she went back to the intelligence. This lady said she put the check in for $306. She says, no, I don't think that won't make the kind of mistake. So anyway, when you look back on the check, the check was for $306. Right. So of course, the road mail letter and said they were sorry about him. It's understanding. And the credited may have come back for $10. Yeah. So these are the kind of things that happened. If I didn't go back in. If you wouldn't have looked at the receipt, you wouldn't have even known it. Exactly. And he would have pocketed my $10 before today. Maybe this is a scam that's going on. Maybe there are tellers. Tellers have very underpaid. They work for probably less than minimum wage. And they've got the first grade education. And many years ago, Neil, when I went to bank used to be a mirror first before, where it was turned? Right before, where it's went under, right? Yeah. I went to the bank and I deposited $60. And when I went to my car, and I look at the sleep it says, with draw $60. I went back inside, the stupid lady didn't speak no English. Finally, she got someone who could understood me because she says, I'm on. I'm speaking so fast. Right. All right. She went to the asset list, ma'am. I deposited $60. This thing says I withdraw $60. And $60 is deducted from my balance. What's this? So she says, ma'am, I don't think you know what you're saying. I just went on and on and on. A red ab big argument. She calls security and everything. Really? Yeah. She calls security and everything. You know, because Jamaicans, when we get upset, we rail a rail path. That's a rail path. I don't know. And so anyway, security says calm down, calm down. They went to the teller. She says to the teller, do you remember this lady at your desk? I said, who would know me? I'm so tall. I'm five and 11. You should know why I'm supposed to say yes. I remember her. She said, did she deposit or withdraw? She said, no, she deposit is $60. The supervisor said, but her papers are a slip is saying, he's lost. She just fixed the dollars. Oh, right. She said, the dollars has been deducted from her balance. So she told us to say, trying not to make these mistakes and more. But in the meantime, I would be out of $60. Right. Because this was casualty. So 60 and the 10 from Friday, we're already up to 70. Exactly. And this is going on every day. Which, by a real nice dinner, like at Ruth Chris Statehouse, for a couple of the tellers at the bank. That's what is going on next day. You're depriving starving people as a nice meals. They just want to go out on a weekend and have one good meal. Let's all. Of course. What about these people who are going to see an island stuff like that? They go at the deposit amount a day. Believe in the boundaries. Oh, especially, yes, can you imagine here in Florida with all these scenals, first of all, got all rather. Take the slip and put it in the person and then don't look at it. They must be salivating when they see these people come to the window. That's right. And at the end of the day, when the money is over, they pocketed. Because I used to work at the bank in Jamaica. I know exactly how many of the parts that my life was on. Right. At the end of the day, they pocketed that money. Beautiful. Maybe that's something. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe it's not that the tellers aren't making much money. Why we, you know, because every week there's different tellers. It's not that they're not making a lot of money. It's just making so much money that they got enough to believe town at the end of a couple of weeks. Exactly. All right. Something is going on. Okay. By the better, don't play with my money. I'm getting me a new job on Monday. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm going to Haitian's bank. Sounds good to me. Come on. Two open lines in day, 7.519, 4.637, 5.1, let me rip off your money. Come on. Give me just don't look at the receipt. All right. In fact, I won't even give you a receipt. You trust me. Don't you have a banker. Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach, hello. Any a high-doin. Okay, sir. Hey, I'm a little banking anecdote. I work in Coconut Grove and I live in Tembro Pines. And the place that I work at in Coconut Grove is out of state. There's a payroll checks come from Ohio. Right. And I was doing business to the place that I worked. Had made an arrangement with a branch of this bank in Coconut Grove to cash, pay checks for the employees and to handle things without putting a bank in there. I was just going to have a few more options. So I opened an account at the branch down there in Coconut Grove. And when I moved to Tembro Pines, I just thought it would be easier to do business with the same bank by having my business at the branch in Tembro Pines. So I go up there and I close my account in Coconut Grove and I reopen with the same bank in Tembro Pines. And I went into deposit my paycheck and like a week later, I'm bouncing checks. And I said, what's going on? This is the same branch that I had actually gone in and deposited my paycheck in Tembro Pines. And because they could look up on their computer, that there was supposed to be no whole place on the check. Right. Through the branch in Coconut Grove. So I'm talking either, I open the account up there. And the next thing I know, they're telling me that they have to put a hold on because it's a new account. It's a new account. When I reopen my account, you know, with the same bank. Yeah. When I opened it in different branch in Tembro Pines. I went into good storage. That's a new twist anyway. They said it's a new account. And so I ended up bouncing the bunch of checks at 29 bucks a pop. And needless to say, I don't do business with them anymore. It is appropriate though that if their initials are at you, I think that's interesting. Okay. Thank you. And they're refers to my mind. Yes. Okay. We're coming to a halt here. I think I'm going to catch your plane at noon again today. That was a pretty good deal. I worse out really well. I think two hours is more than enough for this crowd. 751 Wildn. 5249463 and Broward. 1-800-944. Wildn and a green line. If anybody out there has any good rumors about what's going to be happening here next week. We'd you like to hear him. You can anywhere if you heard the acts of the programmer. Actually, we have a show called the program director, Axe himself. Unlike over at 2 a.m. Or they have fat hank on there with a ass and a woods guy. We just have a guy come on here slightly and he breathed on Sunday morning who talks to himself. And writes memos on a year and talks about all this other fall to roll. And the fact that he's going to go off to a seek his fortune in LA in program the Philanbury show. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, Neil. Okay. When we just tell you a hard story that probably is Mr. Public's betterware of. I went to cash my check. Okay. And I got like $100 bill. So I didn't check $100 bill. I went to another bank to deposit $100 bills. Right. My check in the camp. Bank teller tells me I have a $400 bill that I got from nation's bank. Right. By this time nation's bank's already closed and I'm crazy because I'm at $100. Right. So the next morning Saturday morning I go in there and I say to them, you know, she said to me, under normal circumstances, there's nothing we normally would do. But because we know you and you've been a customer for like 10 years, we will take $100 bill and give you a new one. Right. Yeah. You haven't. I'm on an off-on somebody else. Right. However, if I, if I was, you know, an average show off the street, they would have been out $100. Yeah. Get it. No good. Right. So when you go to cash in large check and you $100 bills, you just tell that teller to verify that those are real $100 bills, whatever they have to do. And then the same dumb bank, I'm like a smoker, real an honest person. Right. I go to the bank to get changed for the store and I get 51. So I give the lady 51. If I get back to the store, I open up the pack. Right. $1 on the top, the rest are 50. All right. Right. Tell me, man. Right. Sounds like $2,500 bucks to me. Absolutely. Right. Tell me, me. Yeah. So if I'm a nice guy, figured. I'll go back to the bank. Right. And I go to the teller who happens to be a Haitian lady. And she still works there. Yeah. I might say to her, I think you should look at this, right? She says to me, why? I said, look at it. She opens it up. She sees a dollar on the top and the rest is 50. Yeah. Brand Chris for, do you say it? Think she said, thank you. Drop dead. Nothing. She said nothing to me. Nothing. Nothing. Not easy. You know, you're a guarantee that you would have been responsible for it. Absolutely. Just like the tellers at the track, I bet to those tellers in a bank, you know, they have to do an accounting at the end of the day. And if they're short, they gotta belly up the cash. Right. So I think Rob and nice guy, right? I don't know what she says, thank you. But the bottom line of the story is I go in the next week to the same tower to make it the deposit. I'm the lady. Just quarterback $4,500. Yeah. And for a drive-revalent life, I went nuts. Ain't gonna aim. Like nuts. I was at that window. I was screaming. I was like crazy woman. I said, I'm gonna come over this counter and show you. You're asking me for a driver's license. I'm depositing my check. And I brought you back $2,500. Thank you, Rastel. Last week, and you forgot already. I'm a grateful bitch. I'm grateful, so. Can you believe that? Yes. Nation's bang. Put around a banana boat. Absolutely. Okay, so you're going out now. Goodbye. Okay, she gave back to $2,500. The first choice, someone's your washers under I-95. W-I-O-D. Miami Forta Lotto Day. He was talking entertainment radio. $6,000. W-I-O-D. This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? Robert Downey Jr., just say no PSA, take 100. Action. Hello. I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I'd like to remind kids everywhere to just say, wait, wait, when somebody plays get these squirrels out of my pants. Don't worry, they're out. Here we go. Take 101. And action. Hello. I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I'd like to take a moment to show you Mr. Happy. Woohoo! Woohoo! Come on. Put that thing back in your pants. Here we go. And action. Hello. I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I'd just like to say, get these spiders off me. No! No! That does it. We'll fix it in the house. Hi, Mark. Hello. Robert Downey Jr. And I'd like to remind kids everywhere to just say, No, no, no! This message has been brought to you by the council for a drug free America. Just don't do it, damn it. Anyway, it's 12.06 in W-I-O-D. Happy Tuesday, too. We have an open line in day. 7.51. Brower is just follow off the face of the earth. I don't know why, but it can't be all bad. 5.29.463. This is a 224 W-I-O-D. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello. Just pray for it, Neil. Listen, Neil, call me because I was listening to you a while ago. And there's a... You... Turn your show. Book on religion or something exposes the... Fairy tales in the Bible. And I wanted to get to the name of the book. The name of one book. I heard you had talked about about six months ago. Book you had read that exposes a lot of the... ...a time period of the Bible or whatnot. You don't want to talk about it. Not in the least in Georgia's Got His Eyebrows. Second call we've had in his... Yeah, I don't think it's about... Right. About some book that I allegedly... Yeah, I suppose it is. Yeah, about six or seven months ago. Yeah. I've read books about exposing it, but I'm not sure what was religion. Yeah, right. Yeah. I don't know. Well, listen if it comes to your mind, just mention it. I'll be listening to you all day. Okay, pal. Alright, bye. See ya. God bless you. Okay, we're coming down to a precious few. Now we're coming down to the least Miguel time. Alright, we should be good quality time for me to go over some bank statements. We have two open lines in date, 751. We got all our priorities. And what can be going on up there? Your own careful was yesterday, man. W-Y-O-D. Neil. What did you just did it just ring? Yeah. Um, that guy was probably talking about a bull-yossie's book. They outrage. He said that there is a part about Christianity in that book. Yeah. And that's not about Christianity. It's about God. Oh, okay. Well, we've got the Christian God, the Ferrytail God, whatever God you want to call him. Yeah. But that's not what the book is about. The book is about the OJ. Right, right, right. But you did talk about that for a little bit. Yeah. And that's the only thing. Maybe that's what he's thinking about it. In fact, even if he doesn't care about OJ, it's worth getting the book just to go. It's about three quarters of the way in the back of the book. Where he makes the very logical argument against the existence of God. Right. And does it very well? Well, I just wanted to contribute something to your show there. Thank you so much, pal. Can I call someone a D-Street? Yes, sir. Chris Bonaldana, D-Street. Oh, God. Okay. Oh, my God. We've reduced to that, huh? That's how far we fall in at this point. You know, it's a damn good thing that I had this Controtomps with the bank, because it sure is how killed the last show in a half. I'll tell you that. Because based on the nature of these people out there, one thing about these last few months, you know, I can always write it in my memoirs. The audience sure didn't let us down after the Cox people let us just float off into oblivion. The audience really was there to support us and lend their tangible support. Not. Wow. It's been swell. Here's my email. Yes, sir. I think the book, the guy's talking about in the name, it has something like a cowcada. Oh, cowcada. Oh, cowcada. Oh, cowcada. Right. Yeah. That was it. You talked about it about three, four months. The name of the book had something to do with cowcada? Yes. It's from a real, um, major author that you're always talking about. But for the life of me, I can remember the guy's name, but it's very, uh, it's a very famous guy. A very famous author. Yeah. But the name of this particular book is something called cada. That's, uh, much as I can remember. Something called cada? Right. But I don't remember what this something part is. I couldn't be. Oh, could it? Uh, it could be. I don't think so. What I can't wait to listen. You gave us half a loaf that's in the start. Let me give you a bank horror story. Okay. Barnett Bank. So as I know that, uh, your friend in the morning was bragging about. Oh, I just had as soon as Rick Riley said Barnett Bank, I crossed him off my list. That has to be by far one of the worst. I'll try to make this brief. Yeah. Several months ago, I had a similar problem of what you had. I took, uh, I deposited a sheer check from another bank in Miami. Okay. They placed a hole against the item. Okay. I didn't, I was not notified that I placed a hole. I wrote some checks against it. Of course, they bounce. Right. To make the long story short. After all of that got clarified and the bank admitted to their. Uh, uh, uh, problem and what have your letters were written to home and yours. Of course, they returned checks were reported to the credit bureau. So I go ahead and I had lost my ATM car with Barnett. I requested a replacement. Guess what? They denied my request for an ATM card because my credit report showed the return checks. That they bounce. That they bounce because of their own flaw. Nice. So what are you opening the account? Oh, God. Unbelievable. Okay. And I'll tell you this. It took me. There's a way to September. I just got the finally the replacement of the ATM car about three months. Of course, I've got the same branch. I talked to everybody and their mother at that branch. Yeah. Finally, get the situation clarified that those checks and I had to produce their letters. Copy so the NSA checks. Copy of the deposit. Copy as they can see your check. The whole story because of course the blame is always on the. Oh, sure. Well, we're always the ones that are in your room. We're always the dead beats. And we're always trying to pull off fast one. We're always trying to spend money that we don't really have. Right. The attitude that I was given with this day really. And I have very, I have a very short fuse. I have very little patience for that kind of attitude. And I used to work in banking a long time ago. I started out in the business of the other. Okay. But the attitude that they gave me. I mean, I felt like a dead pit. I said, oh man, that's it. I mean, I'm out of here. I'm never even an ATM. This is not a credit card. An ATM card. My question to them was, so were you telling me, is regardless of that it was your fault? Well, you're telling me that I cannot be granted. So another word is, you're telling me that they send this information into the credit agency. So that they screw up your credit that you were deadbeat and you're bouncing checks. Even though it's their mistake. Absolutely. And then when I asked for an ATM card, not a visa card. An ATM card. To get your money out. Right. Or put it in. Give you one because your credit is messed up because of this three bounce six. Get up. Maybe those checks bounce your idiot. You know, the word fire bomb comes to mind. Pip bomb. I had to, I had to, I thought about it. Unbelievable. All right. Okay. See you in Calcutta. All right. Two open lines in date. Calcutta. Okay. Whatever he says, maybe he's thinking of Miami's got a confused or Bay Root. 7509, 463, 751, WIOD. It's 1213 on a beautiful Tuesday, Amanda Sunnis shining somewhere. The sun is packed. Always having it for most of the brand new morning show. You're going to love these guys or the best in the world. We will tell you who they are. Go ahead. I can't think of their names. Oh, great. Good. No, Fred Ronnie. Ronnie, Ronnie McDonald. Walking with Chang. Hi. Yeah. They're good. All right. Then Rick and Suds. 6 to 10 a.m. morning for a couple of more days. On news, talking entertainment radio. 610. WIOD. Where's my meat? So you think you really will be smarter any afternoon or what? 1217 at WIOD. We got 48 open lines in date. 122 in Broward. We're making a little comeback. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Great. Good. Listen. You know, forget about paying horse stories. I got a cock's broadcasting horse story. Oh. I'm telling you, they're trying to get it. Much money out of that station as they can. They don't care who they alienate. They're not listening. I watched the game and then I turned on I. O.D. and heard Kim Mendedch with the locker room show. I want to give you a kiss. Yeah. But then after that, I was going to talk. I was going to talk in the game. I was, you know, I had a few beers during the game. So I thought, all right, I'll call up and we'll talk football until I fall asleep. Yeah. And they kept going. Stay tuned for sports stocks with Kim Bowel camper. So they play about 10 commercials. Yeah. Then they go. They play about 5 more commercials. They do the course sports talk. Right. And then after all these commercials, guess what they have on some syndicated national sports show. Talking about some other game and some other team. You mean Kim But Never came on? Never. Why would that be? It wasn't a real, the game ended like before midnight. I know. He never came on. Maybe he wasn't there. Maybe he was maybe he and Nickle went out and got blitzed. But the thing is, they pay for the only British lady. only virtually. They put all the commercials for the hour on in five minutes. Oh yeah that was the appropriate. Let me say it to you. Wait a minute. Haven't you heard me say that the last several months now as long as we get the spots in they don't care. Right. In other words I could take off every day. They suckered me man. Yeah. I mean they suckered me big time because I thought Kim is going to be on it. He's going to tell us that things Kim's only Kim can tell us. Right. Kim's gotten pretty good lately. Oh has he really? Yeah. Well I haven't noticed that. Well he hasn't been stumbling over his own sentences. Well let's get made to ignore this lately. It's just rolls off his tongue. Oh in other words he's doing all kinds of cute little whey whey whey whey whey whey whey whey whey whey whey. Not for five minutes. Oh and three new. Great. But anyways how's that? Now how about Bernie's speed? How big are they? They're the size 18 or 20. Uh. Did he trips over him? He wasn't in fact. He was tripping over his own feet. I do know that Bernie has said to a lot of guys ever see a guy with big feet like this. Does that tell you what you need to know? Do you know what I'm saying? What? Yeah. Yeah. But you know it's crazy. He just he just whew whey whey whey whey whey whey whey whey whey like a chicken and in heat. And when he just add this thing he looks like an ugly duckly. Right. Exactly. Right. I feel sorry. I feel sorry. I feel sorry for him. I want Eric's in in and I didn't know they couldn't put him in her Jimmy. I want to put him in the fourth quarter. I want to say again. I want to even with all the vads. It's I'd put that kid in there in a heartbeat and said okay they're going to be after you like stink on stuff. Quarterback Eric's in his. He's had his moments and he at least he's got some experience and he's not some. He's not any worse than Bernie. He's but I think he's better than Bernie. The only thing Bernie didn't do was throw an interception. Right. Yeah. He did. He did. You know they went on a great length. They went on a great length about his great experience when he when he ate the ball at one one of the 85 times he got sacked you know and he didn't just throw it away and get it picked off. And he lost two games last year. Right. You know I mean give me a break. I think he's got the pictures. I mean I think I think Bernie and Gary Stevens have the pictures if he acts me. Well I liked them you know but and what about geared off and gift for it. They're talking about stupid stuff having nothing to do with the game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you got to admit for a guy who's been in bomb six times. Give it all look too bad. Oh god. They got to get some young blood in there. Yeah. Exactly. They got to put like John Stewart there or something from MTV. Yeah. That'll do it. Pretty do it. Or John Tesh. John Tesh. That'll put you to sleep. John Tesh. Okay pal. Kimber. Kimber sends you a big kiss. Okay. We have an open line on the U. Blue line five two four. So he's got a Cox broadcasting horse story. How do you like that? As we once again lured the audience down the garden path. Just like last Friday when it knew and you thought oh he's there today. We're having a show and he's surprised coming in. It's the best of well hey I had a catcher plane. I'm not going to go losing all that money on the airline tickets that I buy way ahead of time or change all my plans. Just to be here they don't care. They don't give it them. Steve Nickel may have returned his head like Linda Blair and spun it around a couple times to impress George that I'm a pain in the ass but we don't really care about that either. Because we don't know if he's even going to be here at this point. He's like doing all the formats and he's negotiating with this one negotiating with that one. But in the meantime I guess the D-Day has arrived or may arrive or may not arrive. Okay we don't know. I'm still waiting for phone calls. I just had a phone call with Norm Kent by the way apologizing for that check bouncing and he said well guess what and he started telling me all these horse stories about nation's bank that made me feel very good about the fact I'm going to be saying goodbye to nation's bank as in probably tomorrow and when all those checks clear. I mean just just take a look to your just take a look at the I mean you can see it from there okay the list I mean return return or or overdrawn over the feed charge insufficient and it's all their mistake and at least I'll say one thing for them at least it's a new mistake it's not just another old we put a hold on it when we were supposed to it just we we just screwed up we we bounced the check when he had more than enough to cover it that's the thing these people kept looking at yesterday we kept looking at the screen over and over again like are we missing something over here and even after they took out the twenty seven dollar bogus fee for bouncing the check there was still more than a hundred dollars more than enough to cover the check I ain't don't confuse us with the fact okay smarty pants I think I think it's a time for people to start sue in the crap out of the banks I really lawsuit comes to mind immediately 12 22 a WIOD news talking entertainment radio news talking entertainment radio 16 WIOD I looked up paintings we're Paul guys I thought never do it again introducing a whole new kind of tampon from paytaker if you're like me you want a tampon with a cardboard applicator but it's got to be comfortable that's why I use new paytakers silk lie tampons with an improved applicator that's even easier to use it just feels better how I know what you're thinking here guy why would you need to wear a tampon in the first place well let's just say you don't want to know and for those heavy fluidies I use paytakers silk lie plus no again I know what you're thinking you're thinking what flow and once again you really don't want to know new paytakers silk lie tampons strong enough for a woman but made for a man contrasted you don't want to know 12 26 to WIOD we have an open line of day 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 in fact we got a new banking show on a weekend come out it's called bounce this here's a mobile implantation hello yes sir how are you great here's the essence of today every time you rip a part of the society down here or a segment of something it's full of falling all of themselves to try and call up and defend what your ripping thing you're wrong you made a mistake today from the banks nothing not a teller known as called to say you're wrong all about everybody right I'm about four hours yesterday absolutely yeah it just goes on and on because it's you don't have enough time in a day to let's not because it's it's it's indefensible but I was on a full with norm can't telling him about how they bounce the check I wrote him he starts telling me about a guy who canceled his a cause like a multi millionaire who he ain't twenty million dollars out of nations bank because he was fed up with their bullcraft he acted that's right I see a little okay pal I think norm was the one reacted okay we have an open line in days 7 5 1 we got one in Broward 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 5 2 4 W I O D I mean you're putting tons of money I'm talking about hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars to this financial institution every year you might as well be a turd on toast man for all a care they don't care and as you're put a big act on for you when they know you're going to go on a radio and slam him again for four more hours the next day which I have and deservedly so because when I went home after where I get this other bunch of crap you just keep getting these notices and they're very it's like never never a phone call never somebody saying gee I think we got a problem here maybe it's your you slipped up on your math or maybe we slipped up over here but never no no just to get the fees in there just put the charges on there just do your thing on your computer and just life keeps going on and hope he don't find out and get pissed off right Kimberly here's Oakland Park on a purple line hello I'm Neil yes sir yes sir I've got one for you I get a check from first nation and wide bank in the Amorac right yeah and I called the Verify Fund like so called a bank and it says you have to call a one nine hundred number to Verify Fund and I said a one nine hundred it says yeah there's a charge and I said well thank you very much you have to call you have to wait a minute you have to pay a charge to Verify your balance no I received the check from from a customer who has a check of that at the right so to the right other words to Verify the that the check is over there but they tell me I got to call one nine hundred number yeah so well sure you're not the customer the bank so they're going to rip you off natural right right so all right I got another one I got to check from a customer first union I go to cash it since I don't have a A and since I don't have an account there they make me put my fingerprint on the check before I cash it a fingerprint a fingerprint like like did they put a number across your chest and take a photo no no no just just just a fingerprint let's a fingerprint unbelievable okay and I got a third one I would have told to stick to some in there I got a third one check card yeah I go buy a pair a pair of sunglasses hundred fifty dollars yeah they run the card through it doesn't register so they run it again right apparently the card went through twice three hundred dollars so there's three hundred dollars with the charges right so instead of taking hundred fifty dollars out there's three hundred so that that makes four five of my checks bounce so I call them up and said listen the charges went through twice and they say listen listen that's not our fault so I had about a hundred twenty five dollars worth of a five check charges because my card went through twice well you sound like a perfect head a cough dollar mattress man get a big one and a mattress too I wasn't front of you the or if you're young you lose I've got the tamarack blues all I heard today was hey get the hell out of my words yeah oh yeah repinable scraps I got the tamarack blues oh yeah holy number 41 41 over here pretty mean I'm 41 you're crazy I got that you make it here yay look what are you ready I'm kinder so I'm a bit okay good tip from me my friends if your life is here's the end between commercial and West big enough you'll get the tamarack blues all right 10 what is it 10 30 somewhere maybe in Nova Scotia 1231 at WOD we have an open line in date 7519463 751 WI oh D and one in Broward Chris we probably have some list is out there who are rather amazed that here it is like three days before the sale of the radio station goes through and we still haven't put the pieces of the puzzle together we still don't know who's on first we know Ron and Ron start Monday morning okay I noticed that Rick's been doing everything in his power to integrate them and make sure that they he can help them fail see it's always gonna be that way it's always gonna be that kind of ego thing in other words if you go in a morning and you flop and then you go back to the afternoon have a chance to succeed again that isn't sufficient it's very important that they do real bad number in the morning to make you feel better right Rick okay we have an open line of Broward 5249463 524 here's a lady in Miami hello yes ma'am I have a horror story to tell you a horror story a horror story okay friend of mine got a thousand dollars from a savings from loan and in the in the when the handager the he asked specifically for a hundred dollar bill because she was going up to the Indians to play the machine so they gave her ten one hundred dollar bills and one of their little envelopes and gave it back to her so she puts the envelope and her purse goes to the machines when she gets there they have people walk around and they change because she has a guy a hundred dollar bill yeah but you don't know what happened he takes the bill gives her the change comes back ten minutes later and says come with me she says what's the problem he says will the bill you gave you so good she says well here he says I just got them from the bank just give me back that bill and I'll give you another one she gives them another one it's counterfeit they take her in a room now at the seminal indians it's freezing in there like crap whatever right if you're going to meet lock her in the crap bottom lockers yeah wait a minute they're interrogating her as a manager the casino's in there in the securities in their right minutes later who shows up five secret service agents oh this is unbelievable I mean this is a normal lady you know this is not a normal counter fitting lady the normal so they said to her can we search your purse she said of course so they they go to her person said come we look at me search your car she said absolutely you're going to find a pretty person to the front they searched your car they didn't find anything they searched your purse they kept her there for five hours nice freezing cold room she had to go get an attorney the next day and I don't know what the outcome is because everything is kind of in limbo right now but they confiscated three hundred dollar bills from her that were counterfeit she went back to the bank the next day and explained to them that they gave her ten hundred dollar bills she showed them the envelope everything it's a way you could have switched the bills after you left the window right so they're not on up to it so in other words they're saying the baby here for the now what bank was this it was um it's a savings in loan savings of America oh unbelievable so she's out three hundred dollars so from what I've heard the last two days it sounds like our banking institution itself where they had to got lots and lots of counterfeit so anyway I went to the bank today and lots and lots of counterfeit I cast a two hundred dollar check today and I asked for 50s and 20s that to the girl before she gave me the envelope I said do you check your bills before you hand the mouth she says what do you mean I says I want to be sure you're not giving me counterfeit bills she got very annoyed really yes she got real annoyed I says look later well she was me no for me don't you have the pen that checks up and she says no we don't do that here that was it Barnett uh huh well I first didn't get hundreds because I didn't want to be stuck with a hundred cow I thought the new hundreds couldn't be counterfeit but I don't know it's it's crazy I think your next project is to write a book and I want you to document all these horror stories from the bank we could write an encyclopedia I'm serious I could be very interesting okay I'll see you at thing go bye bye yeah upon off those counterfeits to the Indians okay we'll get even with all those cancer sticks they're peddling to the white man we have an open line in date 7519463 one and Broward 524 how's six pack doing it's 1235 a WIOD a teacher amateur status you'll get no pay for appearing on your world blanket the IOD amateur hour senior tapes impress yourself and you humiliate your family Neal world like it Sunday night at eleven on news talk and entertainment radio 16 WIOD news talk entertainment radio 16 WIOD we had that on KAT 20 years ago 20 years you remember that oh sure you do catch the cat and it had the big uh so silhouette of the cat with a CBSI 20 years ago we had bus signs for KAT on a station that was like all dead people and we still had promotion how do you like that but hey we don't want to get started with that now because we got three more days three more days three more days we have two more overlions in date 7519463 751 one thing I'll say for the Cox broadcasting people boy they're consistent they don't care about anybody I mean about anybody human considerations do not cross their mind whatsoever so if Larry potwell is listening if you're still like a pissed off okay because you told him you were buying a house and they said hey good luck oh by a house and in like two days later they can you ask it thank a Christmas time trust me when I tell you it's not a question of if it's a question of when you're going to get it right up the old rectum from Cox broadcast because they just don't care it's like back when people were practically falling like flies in this building which we remember like it was yesterday when there was this corporate mung and disease in this room and in most rooms in this building because the air conditioning vents hadn't been cleaned out in 20 or 30 years well it's it's not economically feasible at this time in other words it's not economically feasible for them to worry about whether the sanitation in this building is enough to sustain human life that's basically what we were told in one of the most incredibly unbelievable lines in the history of the human race it's not economically feasible at this time in other words don't bother us and then our friend Barry Cohen came in here it's still got those pictures by the way remember the pictures with the mountains it's here's they look like mountains of mung that they sucked out of the events in this building hadn't been removed in the year in centuries talk about a sick building talk about a sick puppy but it fits right in with that the hey it's only people we can't we're not worried about your health because we don't give a crap if you drop that or not once we have squeezed every every ounce of energy out of your body screw off we're busy with other stuff we got that big thing in Syracuse going out oh and so anyway never we never even got into this this morning so I get the news from Rick and Suds wait till you hear this hold on tight WSUN in Tampa another Cox station and the sports station that they were simultaneous in the same market whatever the call it is are WSUN is now simultaneous casting the what is the what what not the coast what's the other FM I got whatever it was their simultaneous in the FM and the sports station is now simultaneous casting the coast music on a m that's that's the ultimate desperation in Tampa with WSUN that's Cox broadcasting for you because you know what that guy from the F.A. said they've been cadence at this and he said that okay we'll take all our programs off the air place of music here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir great on the ask you always about the bank uh... why don't you open the calendar smaller bank I'm going to tomorrow because you know I'm gonna make you my business and my account's over John five ten twenty thousand to give you a call you know you coming in they say yes come in you take care of it right i'm doing it tomorrow going to family bank tomorrow and I'm opening an account I'm going to tell nations bank to blow it out the rest got to talk to officer and that's the picture right now right okay man i'm doing it and one more thing yes it have you ever tried to take back a counterfeit that uh... bank gave you no but i just they look at they look at you like you crazy exactly like you didn't know we're in hell they're going to give up that uh... that dollar and you know something they're probably printing it on the inside oh yeah okay pal they look to us yes better fact every now and then you do see them a dart into those little rooms especially in that area where the drive through is you know behind the counters where the tellers hang out and there those rooms off to the side i wouldn't be surprised if that's where the printing presses are there's probably like twenty fifty and hundreds going in there like a mile a minute oh excuse me a second we just ran out of paper and you know i mean uh... i mean uh... here's a sweet water hello sweet water going once going twice i'll read their joke probably some a spick two open lines in date seven five one nine four six three seven five one w i would be here's pombie hello pombie ch new sir hey that's about time i got through yeah about time i got a support question for you the only guy that knows i don't think so yeah okay say the door from the run to twenty or a time yeah it's second time that means they're not going to score right the two maybe a few gold but he'll probably miss it yeah yeah right that but this is what this is about okay they bring in that what is the same okay he could look like this name is yo nudnik what is the nickname good neck yeah okay he kicks it into the audience you know it doesn't into the audience yeah whatever you call the crowd yeah now that was second down does he get the ticket of course not why what do you mean why would you just give up the ball the ball isn't a crowd that's that's it you sure on second down yeah of course i'm picking up huh you get the ticket again i'm third down no way not on second down there's photos out the one the hot I got one well i've never heard that before and ever even thought about that on second down because first of all unless it was right at the end of the game not but you let anyway just i've been set aside you get the ticket again you do you miss it on third down you get the ticket on fourth down if you miss it on third down you get to kick it on fourth down since when when if it went you don't kick it if the bar doesn't land in the plant field it just goes into the crowd it doesn't you know you just know good you like that guy and my money it keep picking it right right yeah you get the ball back you get to kick it again i don't think so well you gotta find out we'll find out for you okay from somebody i've never even thought about it okay do we have time for one more question here if it's as good as that one no chance okay we have two open lines on a green lines 1-800-944-9463-1-800-944-Wild here's a plantation hello yes ma'am hi Neil i just want to tell you i've had some dealings with the same bank that you're branched you're talking about the same person yeah and it's awful you know he's all good i mean Haitians bank to yeah with Kimberly a disaster a disaster a mitigated disaster this is a government account this is it's awful and we have changed we have changed but personally um i go i deal with family bank in western and add and mord over there i mean they really do treat it as great i'm sure the sun rise will do the same thing oh yeah they will let it the great great treat me like a member of the family or else okay and you heard really said we got it on the tapie said whatever you want it's free that's right free money free checking free booze free whatever you want yeah but you'll love them you'll love them i hope you i hope you're right oh you will there's this other not a number there you're just really treat you as but you know something you know what bothers me is that i'm not a number anymore at the other place either they all know me and they still and they still can't get it right and they still won't even give me the courtesy of calling and saying oops there's a problem here yeah because they got so many fingers in the pot over there it's like cock's broadcasting there that's so many uh the straw bosses running around here nobody know has any answers because everybody's got a title yeah you're right but it and uh edin mord still call edin mord and mad yep okay sweetheart all right thanks okay family bank let's give them a big boost and then after they screw up then we'll rip him we have an open line in brine not seriously i mean you know they're going out on the limb they probably can survive without my business but the fact is there uh you know they're going to do a good job they're going to bend over backward which is more than i can say for the other place because they're too busy taking out for yum kipper oh brother i mean just uh oh here's another list of uh some more charges by the way here's a fee there's a fee there's another one over here you know it's a miracle anybody's got any cash left in any there accounts after all the bogus fees they keep deducting in there just keep yank it out okay the money's in there just keep dittlin with it 1247 a wild if you're tied to dittlin with it if you want to put something really spectacular and satisfying in your posts then Mike cigars is where you'll find it that's right they got denim and darks denim and lights they've got fun sake is made in la repblica diminicana they got Henry winterman's made in Holland no less by a bunch of Dutch people they got la prima dora by a maiden Honduras they probably got a few primidanas over there too they got macanudos one of the world's most popular in famous they got manta crews made in la repblica diminicana they got padron made in nicaragua by a bunch of illegal aliens they got great cigars from all over the world at mike cigars over a thousand different brands they got part of this they got the their own house brand la scenciados if you love a great cigar and even more women now are puffing on a big one on a cigar too that's right it's become the end thing everybody is a puffing on it because first of all doesn't kill you as fast as cigarettes when we say dolphins on radio we mean center in maddao he's in for a touch that just for a lot of golfers all right turn down the the dolphins on the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play news talking in entertainment radio 16 w i o d who much Brian no cross oh man they got boners like you wouldn't believe man I mean I know in the north cross all these new zankers I mean that's what honey I've got a big surprise for you really what is it a new car no a birthday present no because then what is it I have syphilis got ten is still in brought you by the national veneerial disease board in this radio station okay 1250 a w i o d we have a mobile and highly waiting hello yes sir are you doing I have a Haitian spank horse story okay can I share it with yaman okay first of all you cannot get a regular checking account if you have bad credit did you know that you can't get a regular checking account if you have bad credit right what does that mean what what what I'm talking about here's a story I got plan so open up and account yeah I give them my paycheck to open the account that deposit you know to open the checking account okay three or four days later I get a letter from their president the Haitians bank said we were good to inform you I we can we have to be climbed your your application for a regular checking account through to your credit history yeah this is after I spent two hours in the bank just try to open up the thinking checking account you know they wouldn't they didn't tell me that well it's a filling out give them all the information so what happened so they I I go back to the bank I demand my money they said I can't you might have to wait to check clear because you did me right sorry price you probably a few years ago but anyway you know I had to raise hell just to get my money that they they weren't going to let me keep in her bank yeah and uh that's you know that story I wrote them out the letter and thank God for Haitians bank yeah amen amen okay back here no just say goodbye just don't do it if you think about opening up an account there just don't do it that's my best advice based on personal grief and so is like you wouldn't believe and how come I did have all those stupid checks made up well see the first thing is I made up a bunch of checks from my old printers so I've got like 2,000 of those and then all of a sudden I decided well you know this laser printers really hell of a lot better I'm going to put that on there and it is a lot better and I like the way it looks better and all other so I got 2,000 more of those checks so I got 4,000 checks sitting there on Haitians bank for my laser printer that are going to be worthless now so I'm sure that Matt will you know provide with no problem at all 4,000 checks exactly and probably a hundred dollars in cash and a couple of good cigars here's a mobile in my amy hello hello yes sir yeah commenting about the question about if you kick it on the second down right they get the kick it again uh number one it's a dumb question and number two once you kick the ball or you elect a kick the ball for unknown reasons you give up possession and that's what I told the guy does it make sense you but only good if you got a few seconds left and on the clock and you know you get the ball say wherever you want to play it in the second down then you would go you know you just don't have enough time to kick it again that would be the only final unless there was a penalty was the only way you get to kick it again yeah there's a penalty kick the ball and it's at it right that's what I mean it seems very basic and then the guy kept insisting and that's why I got like dumbfounded because once you kick the ball away you don't have possession of it anymore what difference does it make it goes into crowd in the back of the end zone up your rain is so whatever it's not your ball anymore I mean it doesn't matter even if the attempts didn't slips and falls on his can and then that's it I mean you changed possession once you elect to do it that's it okay it's a door dietic so the guy lost five bucks all right oh that's the best part of the news that's right okay thanks pal thank okay we have two open lines on the green lines one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred nine four four double UI oh here's pepper fine hello all right have a good time let's take it the Haitians bank take it in a wheelbarrow to Haitians bank pal two open lines one day one in Broward and one on the green line five two four nine four six three and Broward five two four Wiod here's for Lauderdale on the purple line hello hello yes sir how you doing great family bank would have been my second choice okay my first choice is equitable bank there are small little bank they have I think they have three branches yeah one in North Miami Beach some one in university in Broward I don't know that's too far these for you university brown that's not the two beds right in the corner yeah I know where it is and they're just I mean I mean I'm a small contractor I mean they know my name you got a problem hey you got a committing coverage check by one o'clock you know no bounce check run a bit crap and I mean I I've been with them five six years I would never have ever go with a big bank yeah no listen to the treat you well while we're working that is the most of the banks are not even for today so all the money you know is going to support some out of town back right okay pal that's my two times thanks a lot open line on the purple line pound i o d so anyway to make a long story short when they get too big for their bridges all of the honest with even before they got this big they still stuck the joint I'm they still kept making the same stupid mistakes and they still kept changing the tellers every five minutes and again I'm not saying that it's uh every there's some good people in there there are people who mean well there's some nice people and then there's some stupid incompetent people but it's just uh you get when you deal with your money you're just not going to take pot luck and a bunch of stories like oh yeah give us another chance you've had more chances than Carter's got pills okay and I was as stupid as I am in lazy again there's that word lazy but haven't had all those other checks made up I thought to myself well I'm stuck now anyway for for quite a while with all those thousands of checks and now that I'm eventually going to get paid by packs and sooner or later somehow some way maybe that we're just making this transition would not be the best time to be changing bags anyway actually it would be the best time this would be a good time to do it when you come right down to it and then of course maybe there'll be something about direct deposit I'm going to say I don't want no direct deposit okay I don't want direct deposit I want my check in my hand I want to look at it I want to see it I want to have tangible evidence of how much it is I want to take it and put it in there myself I want to stick it right in there I want to receipt for it I want to be able to write out to do my stuff as opposed to letting other people do your stuff for you here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello hi Neil let me say you straight on the can you kick it again of course yeah the guy loses the five box but here's the story once you kick it you can't you can't we kick it but you can attempt to kick and and not kick it and and we do it for example let's say it's the end let's say you're an over time and you're going to win with a field goal and you're down on the 10 yard line and third down you can do a thing you line up for a field goal yeah I'm third down because if for some reason the guy must snap and it goes over the guy's head and the Nate they just kept a fall on it it's still their ball for us down and how they can attempt to field goal again so if you haven't kicked it yet you can you can re-kick it I would try would only come with you that's because you still have possession though exactly in our department that's why you were trying to do it if it's a bad snap if it's a bad snap and the holder recovers and gets tackled now if you did that on third down now it becomes fourth down but you still have possession in the ball exactly but this guy's talking about right if you line up and kick the ball you can't kick it again of course now I once you kick it away that's what I tried to tell a guy very matter refanctly as well how come you can't if it goes in the crowd what difference does it make where it goes it doesn't make a difference but once you but you can attempt to find or you can it only comes up with a toe but you can attempt to make up to a goal on time second to third down moffus nap never kick it line up again and kick it again from ten yards further right I think moffus the word moff okay pal thanks okay we have two open lines in Broward 5249463524Wild so what are we going to do about this nudnik kid huh what are we going to do about him what did I tell you about story animation it was money everybody now says yeah it was money even though Pete took last day didn't want to pay out of them but this kid works cheap so big deal he kicks he one thing I don't care about this kicking the ball off deep if you have confidence in your defense whether the other team starts on the 20 yard line or the 27 or 30 yard line really shouldn't make all that much difference but when you have no confidence that the guys even gonna make extra points much less the field goals and the first one that he did make by the way just to got inside that upright I got no confidence in Joe Nudnik I'm sorry I'll take the guy who puts the points on a board thank you and as far as the extra five or six yards on a kickoff big deal if you got some defense here's a mobile in Davy hello yeah he's a 50% kicker in college that's what he is now he sucks he sucks okay yeah I gotta tell you I'm feet so out but this is rough fall and I was a dude I can't believe what they did and they were and the biggest insult is they just gave them away yeah they gave them the Kansas City for like an 85th round draft tour right yeah I love feet well that's because they know if you get a problem you're because they're all gonna be both for him okay yeah thank you well tell me wish him well all right okay my bye Pete story and of it is god yeah he missed a few here in air last couple years big deal everybody misses him soon or later but I got news for him when the money is on the line if there was a 52 yard or like that one yesterday I guarantee a Pete would have stuck it right through there and the ball too say it like this 16 W I baby I'm for a news talking entertainment radio 16 W I O D the makers of failpack 8 diarrhea really formula introduced long lasting failpack 8 depositories honey are you okay oh it's this dark diarrhea try new pale packed aids depositories I put them in the medicine cabinet depositories huh failpack 8s depositories go right to the seat of the problem for instant relief they'd last for days if not years honey why is there a tennis ball in the medicine cabinet that's not a tennis ball that's a depository what the package says it has unique blocking action to stop diarrhea fast yeah for a horse baby try it okay whoa how's it feel okay it's well peace how is it doing for this thing to dissolve how it doesn't dissolve it just sits there what blocking oh god you pay off updates depositories with unique blocking action and for really severe diarrhea gripeo fact 8 extra large depositories with a patent it football shape okay one oh six at W I mean that's what the dolphins could use some more runs blocking we have an open line of braward 5249 4652524 W I mean I sketched by the way koreum hold the koreum please oops there it goes Bernie finally gets away from these bastards just one time one time we're like a couple minutes left in the game we have one last dying gas by our own like 15 17 yard line where we're gonna let it is one time he gets away and throws a nice little screen pass a lovely little passes Harry needle would say oops it's on a ground there goes that luaelson to again here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil my own dime all right tomorrow I tell Bell stop to go screw you I'm going to 18 T wireless hello what do you want to do that what to tell Bell stop to go screwed himself yeah I don't want to go to mobile mobile one if you want the best deal what tell you want 18 T for I well that's too what I work at date what you got a good deal so that's even better but I was not even better okay I did you you did you the I've seen the inside sports for this month the what inside sports magazine what the hell is that I just got a good it's got a think it would love this caption and the and the what are you man that's not one of the other one of these flunky local sports magazines but it's they got a thing about the the one yeah it's a you love the caption it just like school together okay sleep oh god thank god he's changing his thing there huh two buddies not going to mobile one and getting the real deal open line in date 751 two and brought thanks again to a what's your name what what that was your name that's who the cart out whatever your name was what was it what was it cuz I was your name oh you didn't put it down I know that's you said I got to look at a waist basket for that card again I mean I don't want to sound ungrateful because it's a really beautiful neat thing and it was like 400 of her business cards in there and I appreciate it very much but I can't find her card well she knows thank you I think it was Laura so anyways the hurricane tracking chart it's got pictures here on the map of all the hurricanes release some of them they don't have room for all of them the ones who've been either suspended or pending or this or and it's a beautiful thing and on the back it says dedicated to what is that saying to back or read reen I didn't even see this dedicated to reen state you that's the new name for University of Miami reen state you and how about those kuhn huskers that got beat on the weekend too God was that beautiful Arizona state exacting a slice of revenge for the 77 points that the kuhn huskers ran up on them last year with their semi-pro football team and Prouncing them 19 and nothing which may not sound like a trouncing but from all accounts they really they stuck it to them all right Arizona state what what is that what's all that distortion on there now are you hearing that that's not from the computer is it from the computer the hotkey or is that a cart carts could it be the pot oh oh oh oh let's just keep doing that one more time oh it's the pot we don't have a pot to kiss in how do you like that which pot it's two pots oh cheese it's Roosevelt pots oh what did all with the of the volume the gain on that pot how do I know which one it is there's two different pots I'm dittlin I'm dittlin okay okay okay listen don't worry about it now okay we're all gonna be here to what another 5 10 years in this building before we move over that brand new passion thing which they're thinking about building someday when they worry about getting my paychecks situation straight now and they're taking a look at the what real life is all about then they can start worrying about building some buildings anyway let's go to Miami Beach hello hello yes sir how are we doing great first time call her but I've been listening to you often on for years talking about the counterfeit bill that's very interesting basically when you do with any bank they've all been a school in your one way or another sooner later yeah but the basic rule was caveat in tour but the buyer beware but the customer beware and bank space is a second lowest profession tax tax culture being the lowest and really if you want to if you want to know about your money all of its counterfeit is none of its fact that my gold okay thank you so much we have an open line in day get that guy together with that other one that was talking about the federal reserve and we'll have a mask that match made in heaven open line in date county 751 Wiod 2 and Broward 5249463 524 get out the gold okay let's go for the gold and go for the gusto and have a couple of drinks and cut the crap 11.1 a Wiod. Oh my um phrasion brand again same old same old maybe it's time you gave your kids something different for breakfast the cereal imported from the former Czech Republic. Served crunchy's all right my Served crunchy's your kids will love the taste and the fun searching through the light crispy flakes for mass burials of crunchy nuts here they are Served crunchy's there's even a board game on the back of the box hey you can't land there that's my UNCFAVIN. Served crunchy's look for ratavon courage it on the box 114 Wiod that pot by the way is to broth and George Kart number five put it on a thing there we'll see if they respond or 85th discrepancy we'll see if in these final three days the Cox people have any pride left whatsoever which we seriously doubt since they don't give a crap here's a bokeh on a purple line hello hello neo yes sir I heard somebody speaking before about the nation's bank and they really pissed me off my wife and I moved down the Florida we went to transfer our account information bank yeah and we made a sizable deposit and all of a sudden about two weeks later they told us that they they found some derogatory information on the credit report and they they they didn't want to they didn't want your business they didn't want to have business anyway they wanted to give you the business well they gave me the business and we found that we were dealing with a bunch of glue I'm up the Washington somewhere yeah and what happened was they didn't want to refund the funds because they said it's going to make 30 days we're not going to check the clearance 30 days and like somebody is going to believe that okay in 30 days 30 days you could take the check and walk it up to that bank out of town and cash it and walk back again and still have days left over well I call the civil liberties union and this is the old civil liberties union that's correct and they and they said that that that that's that's discrimination and it's against it's against both federal laws to be discriminatory you're not applying for credit you're only opening it checking your town right and the checking account is only with your funds right and and they have no right they have no right to do it if you had an account in there and you had problems then they have a right to ask you to leave the bank right but not not under no account and what people would write letters into Washington to federal reserve no I think more people would stop doing business with folks like that and start to do and business with smaller banks than we all get all all all about it really it's really it's disgusting and I have I'm in a nice bank down here in Florida and and it's a pleasure dealing with them thank God but nation nation's bank I don't think anybody should put one dollar of their money in that bank I'm taking it out when in doubt I'm moving out hey you you've got the right idea okay pal keep up the good work happy okay okay bye open line in the purple line poundio d we got one in date we got one in brown we got one over here we got one over there we got one in this bank we got one on that we got the boardwalk park place oh man see this is what happens when you get it monopoly that's where the boardwalk in a park place come in it's a big gigantic monopoly it's like a gigantic octopus whose testicles and tentacles are grabbing up everybody in all directions and if you don't like the way they do business too bad because the rate nobody else that's what they're hoping for that's right and wouldn't it be great to see city bank come tumbling down with that Mexican scandal huh wouldn't that be great to see one of those big giant uh octopi just take a big tumble and a big leap here is a four-laterdale hello yes sir yeah I want to explain about nation's bank uh I uh deposit funds and nation's bank a few months ago we were in case you get back from vacation I was going to check found we can't we don't understand why and the uh manager made the deposit for us they said there were some problem with the deposit they deducted 25,000 out of our account to this day they just gave it back to us but it took like a month ago to get it back to that they had no explanation they don't know where it went nice and and uh it's like so frustrating because we deposit like on the first they didn't give us credit so it's 23rd and it's our money and the bank management deposit beautiful nation's just uh one of the uniting nightmare a nightmare man a nightmare waiting to happen our money into the bank they had it they showed that we had the slips on it and somewhere up north somebody deducted out their computers are so hazardous now yeah I feel that there's so much bank fraud going well especially the people are operating a man you got no I just like I discovered yesterday here these 250 cents been taken off the payments that I made to the IRS now granted it's only a dollar there but that's only two transactions I'm not seeing all the other ones and I'm not seeing the thousands of other customers that they got it's a nice racket if you can get it but it's just they didn't even explain or have a have a come back for whatever happened to it because they haven't been back yet now they haven't got a clue man the right hand don't have any idea which rectum the left hand is up trust me it's amazing I wish to be able some small banks where you have personal uh you know with right around you like with real people right of courtesy yeah there isn't okay good luck to us pal okay family bank that's our one last hope anyway out there in West Broward that's the last yes we're gonna put we don't put a lot of weight on match shoulders out there family bank what we just did okay tomorrow I'm going in there with a with a bushel basket full of coins not money think I'm gonna trust him with real money in the beginning let's see how they operate open line in Broward 524946 and guess what today didn't make it I'd be like that probably had a weight 40 minutes for that but guess what didn't make it today uh hot redneck 20 after one a WIOD if you just talk an entertainment radio 610 WIOD well not that you mentioned I really don't know if we do have it or not I don't uh I think the answer is no I don't think it's in there oh now that I take a puke at it I think it's uh oh it's in there so scroll we'll just put it on now we'll have all that good news stuff anyway in a few days won't wait we won't okay 123 a WIOD here's a dear field hello hello yes uh first of all I got a couple things to say first of all maybe if we pay Karim Abdul a little more he can hold on to the bell I doubted can you believe that hold the Karim please in the clutch plate I say we change his name back to Lou Alcindor Jr now and he can't go back to that Karim bull crappin till he starts either running better or catching a ball or both he's stuck to join out last night the pressure was on and he blew it yeah just like D on the other night and that uh oh I love that maybe then right there at the end of the game it was a beautiful thing I loved it tell me something why hasn't Jerry Jones the owner of Dallas why doesn't he show his face when they were getting embarrassed by the bill do you notice that like when they're winning he's on the sidelines and uh but when they're losing he's gone he was down there on a sideline was he I think I know that was the week before that's when they lost the pulse remember when Vonio hit the crossbar uh he was done for the for the bills I think when you know why because it was raining he don't want to get wet he don't want to get wet and there was there was a swisher with that bluish moth over his head bang like a shroud he looked like something out of the Vatican if we're crying a lot he wanted to be anywhere else but he was trying to crawl into a hole I loved it it was a beautiful thing I'm gonna tell you as long as Barry swisher is in Dallas I hope they lose every game well what they're saying no this is the first year that Dallas actually is not um riding on what he's not and Brad right this is his team now and it's evident that they uh they can't really handle it but who knows we'll see what happens I just happy to see the dinosaur go down and isn't it great since Jerry Jones has been such an asshole and decides he's running his own league over there in Dallas isn't it's great to see him give an emin all of that money and emin the you know basically stick in the joint out and it's a Michael getting all of that money and the being suspended five games and being in a wing somewhere waiting to go beat somebody up this is an opta what goes around comes around man I've never seen said that that's goes to show you though you can't buy yourself a good team I mean just a coach one and have good talent but if you spend all that money on Dion and it and uh Troy Eggman and everybody it still doesn't mean that you're gonna get a championship team and thank God for that all right in closing no team that was one in three has ever won the Super Bowl Go down okay That sounded even better I was gonna attack that I was gonna test it it works I fixed it okay I fixed it where the engineers wouldn't do what I fixed it I went click like that it fixed it Well okay maybe that's all it took but of course that would take too much of their time because they're all worried about the coast and how well not so hot 105 So one of the moving in there no building what are they getting out of here What are they getting out of our building Since we have 10 days to terrorize them and to park in what they've thought was their parking spots And to trend to get out there and I still say Monday afternoon if Rick Riley's got any balls They'll be out there changing that mark he out front If Rick Riley has got even a tiny pair of ball bearings Monday afternoon they're first afternoon show hell of Adam or somebody out there Changing that mark key in front of the in front of our building saying Wild God Down oh Yeah, we've been going down for like four months now Get that damn cart out of there. Well, yeah, okay. Thank you Here's a bokeh on a purple line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uh story about nation's being I know another one I'm another one. There's a million nations bank stories in the naked city. We're gonna hear them all Yeah, but I know where you guys money went yeah, I made it deposit $300 About oh four five days later. I get my my statement from the bank. You know the monthly statement you got eight thousand dollars 80 million million dollars yeah No got no The bed no shot yeah So I immediately go up to the bank. That's what you had to get in the money no shot Yeah, I'm gonna straight I immediately go up to the bank though and check my On the ATM I checked my balance yeah, well they had they had taken the money out otherwise I was opening up the Account in the camins and then go to wire it out right open up all those Swiss back accounts that's right But I got there a little later than they did damn it But so that's where your money went anyway, probably okay. Okay. Have a good time with it pal But see ya or as Sophia said don't spend it all in one place We have an open line of day 7519 463 751 their animals anyway. Let them lose their holes and we have an open line on a purple line Mobile one cell 18 T wireless pound I OD here's a lady and my me beach hello A lady and my me beach Gone the lady and my me beaches gone What are you hearing are you hearing with sons of Silence no, there's something on here though Trust me We have an open line in date 7519463 She's deliner that bitch that troll that which That disgusting pinheaded bitch. She's deliner You hear that One hole or something okay the bitch put us on hold put her on hold put her ass on hold put her back On hold Here's a Hollywood hello Yes, sir good topic for two days banking because I never expected two days, but I'm gonna tell you something There's an endless supply of four bastards getting ripped off and screwed around oh As self-flavoured a bank and you could talk about this all week. I'll have the phone split up Good, okay sounds good to me Sucks and stop flower yeah, and you know I've got a harvest story with Bonnet bank if I can share good excellent That's Rick Riley's favorite well Let me tell you I've got a CD account with them in the savings in the check-in Now every month I get my interest from my CD and I'll go to the bank and I'll cash in and you know use it for whatever Well one day I did that and the next day What I do is I put it into my savings account this interest money this one time next day I was gonna use some money for my savings account I said well let me call and see what I've got for a balance Well, I'll be whole. I noticed that there's like $60 Missing I said but wait. Why would I have $60 When I just put it the positive yesterday. Yeah, I've verified with the bank that when I went and cash and Interest check from their bank the dumb brood Hold the check for one day from their bank. I get my account. Yeah From there is from their bank. I think they can suck down here There's no two ways about and it always is like they're looking for some way to stick it to you In other words, it never the transaction just don't kind of go through as a matter of routine They're always looking for some way to put a hold to uh Bounce to do this to do something Now let's say you're gonna make it the positive today. Yeah before the time of four o'clock and it says Well transactions made before or after four for the next two o'clock in my bank. Well we ought to plan that but here's the kick-up Yeah, you can make that deposit before the time but you realize that is not credited to your account until that deposit goes to what's called In auditing the pop and it night Then it gets posted to your account. Yeah, that's what they do down here and that's what screws things up too It's not automatically but when you say it goes to an auditing account What that makes it sound like somebody's paying attention if that's the case How could they have bounced an $8,000 check? I wrote to myself when there was 8123 dollars right there in the computer for a balance because the auditing the pop at themselves It's night screwed up. Oh nice Very nice very nice auditing the apartment over there at Nibhill and clear it the promonade Plaza They need a good by fun go. That's what they need right. Okay. I'm gonna do it for them. Thank you. Okay pal That's what they need they need they need to they need to foot up there. That's what they need to wake those bastards up Who was that was that Steve Nikolai just saw there So what's the story is he still with us is he against us? So what we already know that I mean is he gonna be around what's the deal now? Oh, he's only sticking around if we can do the fill Henry show tonight. Okay. Well, we'll find that out. I'll ask Phil Two open lines and Broward what are you laughing about that's the MS 5249463524 Wild Oh the lady and my me's back. See I put around hold. I knew she'd be back Hello, yes, man. Hi. I'm sorry that I was going I'm calling you from work. My I fingered as much The thing is that I have been dying to get through to you because the same thing happened to me and they should make the happen Nations bank here we go again. I'm I hope that all of those nations bank Eight million executives are listening right now. It's not just Neil Rogers It's not just somebody who's pissed off because they screwed me around 20 or 30 times It's everybody and their brother out there has had it with their damn stick and attitude And we don't care how many other banks they buy up or how big they get it's about time they started treating people like human beings Don't know buddy. I thought that it was just me and then when you started telling the story Oh my god because I mean yesterday yesterday was great Western that seemed to be getting more of the action Nations but today the nation's bank stories are we could have 10 million of them We haven't even scratched the surface It's ridiculous. I mean I You know I I didn't have that big event account. I have a student account because I'm going to college right But anyway and so something happened. I had one of the check cards which was the only reason that I ever use nation's bank because that was pretty convenient Yeah, and so they started bouncing checks that weren't The shouldn't have bounce That's especially and So they're charging me service charges for the check-for-keep getting passed through three times because I'm telling the people who are Trying to get their money that know it shouldn't be bouncing So I get $15 You know service charges from nation's bank every time that they do it only 15. Oh well, it depended Oh now it's not 27. Oh really they've moved up in the world now And the companies you know that I wrote these checks to then their charging me service charges to so I call customer service And they're giving me the run around and it takes them two weeks even find out why they bounce my checks in the first place And it means time on the checks ever it in since then I'm forgetting bounce So I was just my whole was getting deeper and deeper and deeper and then oh they sent me the sweater saying no No, it was really my fault which it wasn't and but you know for um They're gonna give me I'm right back right just for um so that I won't be upset with him and won't leave them but I left him anyway So I have this little bit of bankfacts and when you're talking about the don't charge you service charges for anything Right the ATM not checks not you don't have to have a minimum balance She it doesn't matter great and What bank is that it's a little one called tropical federal is a credit union It's based right here in the hospital that I work at and I would gonna call recommend that before the guy called about a family bank or whatever It's called they don't charge you for anything not even Not even when you have cashier checks written or or money money order is nothing yeah It'll charge you service charge great what did how amazing nickel and I'm you to death in the first place Yeah, so anyway, I thought I'd share that with you. Well stick with the winners sweetheart Thanks, bye We have an open line in day 751 we got two and browned five two four nine four six three five two four W-o-d as the plot keeps getting thicker and deeper and deeper and deeper Because people are tired man they're fed up you can screw around with their brain you can screw around with the almost anything But don't screw around with their money. Okay. You got it don't screw with my money And just like this joke that's been going on here for eight years in this radio station with And you have to make it into a joke. It's like so many things in this joint you have to make it into a joke or you never survive it I came here eight years ago to work and it's like while everybody else gets paid every other Thursday If they would have said to me you get paid when everybody else does fine I have no problem with that they decided you're gonna get paid every Thursday because we just can't write a check that big So we're gonna pay every Thursday fine But like how do I get it when do I get it? Am I gonna get it? And I'll lay it downstairs in accounting. She's great when Lee is here We know that George only has to call her 20 or 30 times in a reminder and I'll get the check But prior to this it was like I can remember a couple of times I went out to door and then all of a sudden turn around said to myself Hey, guess what this is just what they were hoping for it's Thursday and I don't have my check Let's see if he let us keep the money one more day. Okay, is opposed to like having some kind of a system Like here's how it works and it'll be in your box. It'll be in your hand or whatever That's all just don't mess with people's money Is that too much to ask 136 and WI would All right, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers You'll upset the Johnson and this is my partner, Reggie Washington and it's time once again for This all crack house Today's project is a lovely two-store and convict roll house and Reggie I see something that needs fixing already that's right. You're the street nobody's just painted on the curb That makes a way too easy for the police to find a place. Let's fix that Reggie Very good. Now let's check the interior That we're inside you know what it's time for Time to smoke some crack Sam straight Now another big problem with crack houses is the awful smell from home is vomit no The carpet or brothers in an honest staircase like my partner Reggie's doing right now No, such as this man You know this man This presents a major problem. How do you get rid of that awful odor easy? smoke some all crack You smell anything Reggie smells Well that's all the time we have for today Join this next street for another additional this all crack house That was two-packed favorite show by the way 140 a WOD we have an open line in Daniel. See I think we're all in between the breaks here Everybody's asking these questions about who's gonna do what and who's on first and are they're gonna be engineers here in his Paxon doing this we're asking too many questions. Yes, you're up through your show and that's it Just show up dummy up and don't ask any of these questions. Okay, and if there's problems like if there's no log or stuff like that Let it be there problem. Don't let somebody else's problem become your problem That's what my bank says Here's a mobile and west palm hello Neil yes, sir, hey All this talk about the banks I completely agree with you and I can't believe I've heard all these carts and the only one They're really really abised to the banks. I haven't heard you do a Elmer flood does a cart. I'm weeming yeah, yeah, that doesn't completely describe what the banks are trying to do to us I don't know what does okay You'd please he's got it. Thank you very much Neil. Have a great day. See you Hey, so this radio station Now the future isn't out. Oh We've been talking about Paxon ever since Cox pulled out now. We'll work for Paxon's I know Some handsome million Don't know what Paxon's I know He's like swing with more hair Okay You might think that it's a bummer When Bill Henry's gone Say goodbye to Aaron Summers say hi to Ron and Ron. They're gone Paxon Blades Please good a like what Neil he's changing his act I Sands on again Christian Rajas is he can be Oh The stations The WGO Now Paxon He's the plan Paxon What Paxon make the sign of the cross Wait a minute Okay 151 a WOD That's what we're going to be doing. You know how these the rock stations all the station that changes the format They do like three days of Louis Louis or stupid stuff like that We're going to have three straight days of joy renal's and drew Michael's tapes Then we can be sure on Monday we're starting from scratch Here's Voint and Beach. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I've been to Paxon my paycheck and great Western back for not letting him get over this today Yeah, for for Neil the yesterday bed over and over and over again. They got butcher. They got bloody bad I got a good evening man for four years my my paycheck's have been drawn off of back in New York and they've been holding them I had a $4.50 check that I wrote that I get the bounce twice I got paid I got charged $50 $25 Charge each time yeah, we're dollar fifty cent check because they hold my payroll check for five days every time So Neil is saying I'm done with that good. Thank God Tom to blow it out their rectum already done have a good day excellent Yeah, they're going to keep treating you like that. I mean when you do business with people for so long And you know when you deposit a ticket just like here with the Cox people is much of a bunch of Bancers as they are at least you know their checks are good on like over to a QAM At least you know their checks are good and you think that even under based in Atlanta when it's an eight billion dollar company They shouldn't be putting ever a hold on that check on that particular check You don't need to hold it to squeeze it to digest it to spit it out to regurgitate it to see if it's gonna be okay Trust me it's okay the sisters can squeeze the few thousand out okay Boy on just another excuse like I said to hang onto people's money and keep making interest and making interest And use your money to make a fortune So they can pay all the big salaries to those tellers and a slipper's right right here's Miami on a purple line How you doing Neil okay? I got a couple quick stories for you first story I made a couple deposits about three months ago a bar net bank Now the total deposits equal to that $8,000 now I wrote all my checks out and You know same thing at these other calls to say my check starts events So I call bar net who I've been with for nine years yeah, and they tell me that for for my particular account That my checks are only good for the first five thousand any amount after that has to be on hold for 72 hours I was never told to that I'd never I had never more than five thousand dollar deposit one particular time Yeah, I was unaware that so now my checks start so in other words they just make it up as they go along Exactly, they they only gave me even though I've been there nine years Right and I've had the same job and I've been catching the same page yet Right they only give me a $5,000 immediate transactions and anything over that I have to wait 72 hours Beautiful That's what I call that's what I call great service after nine years Yeah, and you figure a big a big a big bank like that, you know, would have some kind of You know some other things you know to do if they want to keep their customers happy There's another one for you. I just got back from a cruise a couple of weeks ago and I only bought one credit card Because I figured I bought a limited amount of cash and I'd have one credit card gold card plenty Big line of credit. I have no problems. I used the card on the boat because they have like something like a saline sign card Where you've given your credit card and then they give you a limit to whatever your credit card limit is and you can buy things on the boat drinks whatever Right so After the first day On the first half of the day the next day worth see and I try to use my my my Saline sign card and the way it just tells me what you have to go see the person because you're your credit cards not working My credit card company didn't even give Carnival cruise line the option to get in touch with me. They just cancel my card So now I'm stuck on a boat with the only credit card I have is that particular bank and I have no money I don't get it. They can't do your card for a reason When I when I did the saline sign card I thought that it would go through Carnival, but apparently it goes through the Caribbean So they must have figured that's got in the hole to my credit card and they canceled it