This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to the station. I do those meows, carols. If you're planning an extended stay in prison, then princess go all the backwards of Appalachia. Your foster area is going to take up pounding. Whether you want to do or not. But now there's a unique exercise machine guaranteed to toughen you up. From the makers of the App Damanizer, the revolutionary exercise machine that Platon's your belly comes thus solemnizer. I'll state that they are fitness tools that will toughen your back, like nobody's business. The Sotomizer is a 21-8 cylinder of solid tungsten steel. Only Greece for easy insertion and spring load for repetitive action. Just use the Sotomizer three times a day for as long as you can possibly stand it. And in just a matter of weeks, you'll be able to drop the Soprano shower with confidence. Or do the Sotomizer today, cent 29-95 in checkermoney order to the Sotomizer. And over in squeal Arkansas for eight. Or if you have your credit card ready call 1-800. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Extension. Oh, oh, oh. Okay. It's 10-06 at WOD. Here we go on a Tuesday. I just have a feeling in my bones. We're going to make a big comeback today after a really bizarre Monday. Yesterday wasn't just what I had in mind. You don't want to say it was just a little bit on the deadly side. After all the festivities and the following and the great time we had on Friday. And they want to bring you back down to earth immediately. Why couldn't we take in a couple of days and eased back into it? No, let's do it like real, you know, like right away. So anyway, the story that really catches my eye and is like the epitome of what's wrong in his goddamn country of ours is that everybody is so uptight and so thin skin because we got the word police out there. All you got to do is slip a little bit with that tongue and right away they're on your ass. It reminds me of that goddamn movie with the night was a Kate Nelligan without a trace. I think I don't know who is in that, but that was a good movie. And anyway, her redneck friend comes in because she has want to give up on the fact that her little kid who everybody thinks is dead, got kidnapped entities and she says, I am so sick and tired of you and you're a literate bull crap. And it just I always think of that scene. Of course, nobody ever saw that movie. It was a pretty interesting movie with Judd Hirsch. It was a real tear jerker and it wasn't even a true story, but it wasn't a nice happy ending. And even the dog had a smile on his face at the end of the movie. But take your a literate bull crap and get that out of here. I loved it. It was beautiful. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Good morning, man. When is Diaz? Oh, no, bit of wind of Diaz. Why not? Hugs and air. I beg your pardon. Hugs and air. Cox a hoist? Is that what you said? How do you hold a gauge, love? Oh, I was just looking at the Hanukkah, I mean the poorem calendar here. It's got all the, not only has it got these significance to the holiday, but it's got all the good food here that you'd like a holly and honey cake and fancy creplac and potato lockies and homeintosh and cheese blinches, etc. Everything that I don't cook because I can't cook. And stuff cabbage. Ugh, give it. Okay. Listen, I just, you're just going on about, you know, what's the big deal about the monkeys and calling whatever. Right. I really don't care about the sport. But, you know, bottom line for me, the bottom line of it is there is this culture makes people ready to take a sense. First of all, everybody in America is uptight and ready to be offended and immediately do something about it. And we're forming some kind of group. We've got the the porch monkey anti-deformation league. We've got the, the Fagget ADL. Every group has got some kind of psychotic, little knee jerk reaction to every word that's ever said. Yeah, but then you have to look at the modification. Look at your front pack, your cannon. I mean, when people say something so better is not a good thing. Better does not take, take up sense to the obvious things. Better to take a sense to when somebody is using code words, talking about, with stricken immigration and and getting rid of affirmative action. You know, excuse me, very much. Well, see, you know, I have, I happen to be in favor of both of those things, but I'm not coming from the same viewpoint that he is. So he takes, he takes some knee jerk issues that are very palatable. A lot of people and he tries to sugarcoat them and tries to make it seem as though he's coming from one view point. Or as we know throughout his history, by everything he's said and done that he's nothing but a goddamn bigot. Absolutely. And the point that he's taking advantage of is the same point that you were making earlier. The fact that most people are not articulate enough. They haven't been educated enough. I mean, whether it be the fault of the education system, the public education system in this country or not, they're not able to listen to what he's saying. And argue with him at his level, unfortunately. So the only option is whenever they hear something like, look at that monkey go, that's when they get upset. They don't get upset when some slick ass. First of all, I don't think anybody is upset about it. I don't think except for the people at CBS and the people on the media who wanted to make a big deal out of it. I don't think that any black person in this country would be given to them about the Billy Packer, call anybody that tough monkey or about the Howard Cossell years ago, call an Alvin Garrett, look at that little monkey. I don't think anybody would be upset about that. But the people on the media again, because of their abandoning over backward to the point that you need a cover factor, they keep pandering and pandering to what they perceive are the sensibilities of the public. Well, you know, Neil, you are right. I will see that you are right. But then again, CBS have a problem because CBS also had, they had to fire somebody who was in charge of late night programming because of the fact that this person, whoever he was, I don't remember his name. But this happened, I guess, maybe about a month and a half ago. This person basically said to all his employees, look, the reason we don't have to worry about ratings is basically because we've got a built-in audience. We've got an audience that can stay up late at night because they don't go to work. Who was he talking about? He was talking about black people. Yeah. Okay. It didn't do it to good for our senior, he did it. Well, he wasn't worried about our senior. He was worried about good. But I'm just telling you, didn't do it work for him. No, but I didn't know he had another problem, which was that he would worry. He wanted to stick his neck out to make a comment. I think that was the situation was he was. I think our senior, I think his problem was that he was annoying to look at and he had no talent. He was a piece of crap. That was his biggest problem. Yeah, well, the other problem was he tried to buck the establishment by putting Ferryk in on TV. Do you remember that? He put every obnoxious, unpalatable person he could find on there and turn everything into a goddamn racial or ethical. Including our president. And I got news for it. Putting somebody on here at 1130 or midnight to talk heavy duty stuff. And ain't going to work. Even if you're a Ted Copp, a look at like how do you do it on there? Because nobody really watches nightline. They just say they do because again, it makes them seem like an intellectual. Yeah, but this is a difference between this society again. And your parents decide, you know very well if you watch TV. They have shows like that on all the time. People pay attention to them, maybe because it's the only option that they have. I mean, they don't have a whole lot of TV other than imported American television. Just a lot of old American reruns. Yeah, but still people can't. They really pill released dubbed over in Italian. Can't end dubbed in Espanol. So anyway, bottom line for me is that. Borning Miller dubbed in German. People take a sense to comment like that because unfortunately. They're just not in French. They're just in French. Yeah. They're falling under stairs. Okay. Have a great day. What'd you say? We have an idea. We had an open line in date. 7509463751WOD. I mean, so what if there is somebody out there who's running like the window? Look at that spook run, man. Look at that. Make that pass. What is the big deal, okay? What is the big deal? With words. It's just like the words we can't say on a radio. And the public in this country, most of them have been brainwashed in condition to believing that that's right. You can't say that because the children might hear it. The children hear it while we the children over is that we never heard of yet. But there's always this excuse for taking away freedom. See, and this is what most of you people don't understand. You have no idea what freedom is all about because you live in America. The land of the maybe once upon a time free, but when the hell was that? When the hell was this ever really a free country? I'd like you to tell me that. When was it a free country? We had slaves for hundreds of years. So black sure is hell we're never free. We had women were like chattel. They couldn't even vote until like 76 years ago to 1920. So they sure is hell weren't free. Jews had to change their names and we went through the McCarthy era in the 50s. When all these people got blacklisted in blackball because they were Jews are liberal or whatever they had to have a war and a lead to a comma pinkos. Fags have been like, all they got to do is be discovered. In fact, they had a thing on over the weekend about the Don't Ask Don't Telling in a Military and come to fight out. It's working worse now than it was before because they have all these guy damn witch hunts going on. And they're going to people's families and their friends and they're, oh yeah, that one's a faggot just get him, I ride. So there are no freedoms in this country who the hell you kidn't. You certainly not free to speak. Your free to speak as long as you don't rattle anybody's cage. Oh, it's he said cage he's talking about monkeys again. We know it. 1036 at Wild. Defono football. But does he know baseball and as I say so far. And he's going sports dark six ten comes to you live from Marlon's training camp in Melbourne. Defo in the Marlon's tonight on news talking entertainment radio. We have a six ten W I O D. Fast make everything is so big. I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive. 21 to 11. Of course, I'm reading on in this story and I was wrong. You know, I had read this earlier and then it slipped my mind because I'm living in Lala land. Both the arena CBS sports in New York and CBS is Washington affiliate W USA TV 9. Receive telecoft telephone calls from viewers who were upset with Package description of I was in a black because he used a term tough monkey during the game. So I was totally wrong. I'm living in Lala land and he has to have a lot of people out there who are like condition to be upset about everything. They're just looking for stuff to get pissed off about just like the OJ business. It's all a racial thing. The fact that there were two dead people is meaningless. It's just strictly just like a stupid letter to the editor in the Sun Sentinel this morning about the black guy to kill the five white workers up there for a lot of day. But I think that's the reason why I'm talking about how come Jesse Jackson isn't down here now. We got double set of standards and so he's turning around and making it even worse. Everything is a racial thing. Everything is a religious thing. Everything is an ethnic thing which is basically what it's all about. Let's whip up some good old hate. But of course not in this town though. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. That was a great show on Friday. Yes it was. Mark Coney I never heard a show. Yeah, I had a great time and then of course I come in yesterday expecting the audience to be just a part of the story. I was a part of the story with enthusiasm and excitement and every kind of reaction and commentary and it was as usual just depressing. That hit. Just depressing. No, I'm a bit. We're about 10 of those years and I have one question about the show. Yeah. Who is Rich Packer? I've remembered he used to call in but who is he? Who is he? Yeah, I mean what does he do? He never, I know he doesn't call in anymore but. I would give you one more answer. Ah, Paul. How's that? All right. He's Paul Harvey Jr's boyfriend. Okay. Okay. We have an open line of day. There's a good call for you. Who's Rich Packer? Okay. Where the hell does that come from? He's a guy that works these A.R. A record distributor guy. Not anymore. Or used to be. What does he do now? He works with a Boca Brian and some music service thing. Boing over company. He works with Boca Brian. Or Boca Brian works with him. They work together. Doing what? They do spots, voiceovers, clean up, clean up everything. Really? So Rich Packer used to work for record distributor. Now, at least he's out of a job and he's like flunking around with our friend, Boca Brian. Boy, what a come down that is. No wonder we don't hear from Rich anymore, huh? Speaking of Rich, the other Rich fan rich, where it's a track last night, which I had a good night. Thank you for me. And so I had taken this letter. Remember this letter from our good friend, Jackie Lee? I had put in my wallet because I wanted to show it to Larry Albano. He and Larry and Gary Sybel have dinner with us at my table. My table Rich every night. Whether I'm there or not, obviously. But anyway, so I had promised to show this letter to Larry because it was very amusing at best and the Gary had already seen it. And so I happened to have it in my wallet last night. I showed it to Larry and we were laughing about it. And I put it back in my pocket. During about the second race, I hear a voice from the level up above hours. And I look up and there's a nice lady sitting up there. Neil, how are you doing? That's great. Nice to see you know, up yours. And she says, do you see who's here with me? And the first thing that was with her was like, beyond behind like some stuff, you know, the TV and the flowers and whatever. So I leaned back and I look and you'll never in a million years. Guess who it was. Think I guess Jackie Lee? All right. I said, who the hell is that? It was Jackie Lee and so I got involved in a whole long conversation with them. And showed the letter and I said, I carry this letter with me everywhere I go. And of course, naturally they believe that. And Jackie, and by the way, Gary, side by side, well, if you're listening or if anybody knows Gary's listening, Jack does want you job. Okay. He said he kissed and made up with me, but he does want Gary's job and his wife lives down here and they've been married for two years. And he don't like the cold weather up there at freehold. So maybe you want to make a swap. Gary and I said, no way, baby. And the Jack keeps saying, all those tapes you play me from 20 years ago, that's old stuff. Well, I said, yeah, that's when he used to be good, Jack. And he got very upset about that and for me, and didn't tell me how he's better now than ever. And I said, yeah, who won that race? You have to say, what race? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Juan Juan, who is here? And back to you. Related congrats. Thanks. Happy for him. And I want you to know I'm a Caucasian female and I am one top monkey. There you go. There we go. What I want to talk to you about is I'm going to talk to you about fundamentalism. Mm-hmm. Whether it is Lomix fundamentalism. Oh, hey. Hey. Jewish fundamentalism or Christian fundamentalism. Right. They should call it extremism, not fundamentalism. Well, whatever. They're all the same breed and their anti-democratic small D. And they answer to a higher authority. Whatever the laws of the nation doesn't apply to them. So, and you have, how do you, how do you deal with people who feel that this life on earth means nothing so they're willing to strap bombs on themselves? Right. And when you're going to have to think that way to deal with them is Stay as far away as possible. Well, you know, now we have people willing to go and bomb a abortion clinic. Mm-hmm. But at some point, if this carries on, they're going to just strap bombs. On their back. And I mean, if people don't think that what's happening in Israel could happen here in a minute, they're crazy. Yeah. So, my question to you is, uh, Well, I guess Oklahoma City never happened to them. No, it didn't happen. It certainly had nothing to do with these women. Or the law of rape center. They've hate groups and all this. And I guess what you're saying is true that American majors have to go through this period of hate and purging itself. But purging itself from what? It's not getting better. It's getting worse. I don't know, Neil. I'm not purging ourselves. Well, everybody seems to be pandering to it and making a lot of money off of it. And the thing is, and the media don't have the guts to, you know, call us, pay to spade. Yeah, you had a version. Somebody get upset about that. Like the thing with Ferrican going over there and embracing every guy and lunatic who, and those people are sponsoring most of the terrorism that's going out in a world, by the way, over in Iran and Iraq and Syria. Those people are, you know, all the main terrorists that we know of in a world come from those places and the majority of them. And then he's over there embracing these guys and nobody's got the ball to say, hey, that's really what this guy's always been about anyway. Right. And they're over there. They're waxing enthusiasm. Asked to come up to a million men, March. What the hell did that accomplish? What was the point of that accepting into a big argument, threatening a lawsuit because they didn't count the right number of people there? How to get in with a goddamn pink contest over how many people really showed up as if there was something positive that happened that day? Yeah, my question is, why is the media so I mean, talk about a test on it? Because they're powerless because they're in the critical. Air rate thing that the media does is calculated for dollars. That's exactly what it's all about. They're terrified. They're scared. Crapeless. They're going to alienate somebody. Well, somebody's got to stand up and take a stand here. I mean, how come American people do not know about the Christian coalition and how they have this Republican party by the short hair? What do you mean they don't know about it? Well, I'll just I teach a two universities. Yeah. Am I students do not know who these people are? Yeah. And if you, I mean, did you ever see Ralph Reed? Have I ever seen Ralph Reed? Yes, he would. He looks like. Yeah, well, he's got to do his put on a mustache. He looked like a young eight-off. Right. I don't know where Ralph Reed, like the palm of my hand. I mean, I mean, talk about a sick, sick, sick, okay, yes, sick. So, at any rate, Neil, yes. Just keep doing what you're doing. Okay. He's telling us it is, and hopefully we'll all join hands somewhere. Good luck to us. I'm at post here. We have an open line in date, 751 WID. We're getting awful serious here today because I'm supposed to come up with the solutions for all these problems. We're going to answer all the problems of the world. I'm no Mike Seagull. I can't do that in one guy damn talk. Sure like he can. I remember that 90 came on WD snooze. And today we're going to tackle the problems of the medical profession. And then next week we're going to work on the problems of the legal. And this guy set up Papa's egotistical last is Mike Seagull. Who used to be on W snooze and is out now up there in Seattle or some guy damn place. And this guy, he really believed his own bullcraft. People believe that he was going to come on here and do a talk show and solve all these goddamn problems. A man with no sense of humor, a man with no personality, a man with minimal amount of talent at best. That's the highest compliment I could pay him. And this guy really believed that by doing a goddamn talk show on a radio, he was going to solve the problems of the world, right? Yeah, anything. I don't know the other two. I don't know where the other two, but you're headed is the nasty asshole. There is the nasty asshole. We work as chambers, all the two. There's the chambers, all the three, theambles. And make respects and sticks and do. And make respects and sticks and sticks and do. And asshole asshole asshole asshole asshole. How so have you happened to have been? Yes, oh! Oh! You just talk an entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D. Your Roger Scott. It's bedtime. You can't get to sleep because of that annoying late-night hack. Then take our Sino-Halls call-trups. Get him in fruity cool and also hip-flavings. Our Sino-Halls call-trups. Triangle shaped. Just like our Sino's head. So, when your kept awake by that bothersome room, get busy, get relief. Get our Sino-Halls call-trups. Take only in small doses as much as you can stand. See, I'll tell you what our Sino is biggest problem was, crappy ratings. That's what it was all about. See, he could have been the biggest asshole on the face of the earth. If he had good ratings and if he could have gotten the president to play the saxophone a few more times, he probably would still be on here. That's what it's all about. And the public course does not understand it. Oh, he had an important message. He was being offensive, or he was rubbing people around. He could have been rubbing him in the right way. And if he didn't have the ratings man, he's gone and guess what? He is. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. The lady in Fort Lauderdale has gone. Don't know. Oh, I like that. Then that just frost your ass. I'm tempted to call that bitch back. You know, I'm tempted to call that damn guy. I asked number that called you. Hello. W.I.O.D. radio you're running here. Hi. What happened to you? What happened? Yeah. I got tied up with something else and I couldn't wait. You got tied up. Should we call 911? No. Yeah. That really. I wanted to talk to Neil about the Italy. This is Neil. All right. About the Maple Leafs you want to ruin my whole day now? Oh, come on, Neil. I don't want to hear about the Maple Leafs. Oh, you do. Why not give me some sympathy. Have a little bit of respect. Well, my husband is just as great a Maple Leafs. And as you have ever been, and we've been stressed. We heard that Burns was fired in the radio of the morning. We can't find out anything about it. He was fired. Yeah. Oh, it's even George knows that. How come I didn't hear that? Well, this is what I didn't know that. I just heard it. Huh? This is what we could not understand. Why don't you come on. I haven't heard it. Well, I find a new way thing about it. But it's only I haven't heard it. We shouldn't have it on this station. We shouldn't have it on this radio station. And the team, I don't know what he is. Director has taken over. Cliff, let's you. No. Oh, can be great. What do you mean give you a break? Cliff, let's you. No, no. The fellow name that has taken over. Aaron Neville. Nick Beverly. My husband says Beverly Schwartz. Yeah. Schwartz, God. Norman Schwartz, God. They held up those guys in his shape. Well, anyway, Neil. Oh, my God. Well, I knew it was coming. I said I predicted it about 10 days ago. I wanted to just kept losing and losing. And somebody had to take the blame. You know, somebody had to take the fall. Oh, I asked my husband what? We'll be home and hate to see that because I love pepper. And he's out of a coach. You do? Yes, I do. I think pepper and says, I have a coach. Well, good for you. Didn't he do a great job with my cheer-off? Oh, what about it? Didn't he do a great job at a leaf-stose two years? I have no, I have no qualms about that. But as I say, well, somebody's got to take the blame. The phone was sent no. Yeah. And they put it up against their machine. Yeah. Yes. And well, thank God you called in. Isn't it a good thing I called you back? I would have gone through the whole four hours today and never know nothing about it. Well, I'm so sorry. I kept hang up because I couldn't wait. That's OK. But I must have had a psychic premonition there that you had something really important for me. Well, that's important. Well, maybe we could beat the goddamn devils tomorrow. Maybe this will turn us around for a couple of games. They need a couple of wins. And we're going to miss out on a playoff. So we're going to slide right out of the picture. Go, pan, please go. Right. And go leafs go. OK. All the goals to my eye. I'll about it. Let's bring back David Keyon and George Armstrong. What about Frank Mahal. Frank Mahalich and Bob Nevin. Let's bring back Billy Harris. Let's bring back Jerome Stag and Bob Porford. Who's that? Bob your. Bob your never played for the Leafs. I don't care. But let's write suit him up right now. He's got to be better than Jamie McCown. You're right. He was the greatest. He was. You're right. Well, thanks a lot. Sweetheart. Have a great day. Pat Burns is out in Toronto. Oh, right. We're talking about our senior. Oh, holl and a bunch of cock on. The important stuff is Pat Burns gets fired as the coach at the Leafs. And not one of you except is very nice Canadian. Ladies, got a very Ontario. Excellent. There. Thank God. Nobody else knows what's going on. So Q. I am headed. How come we don't have it? That's what I would like to know. How come Jeff DeForce who's busy up there now. The baseball expert. We're getting ready for the playoffs. We got a team with 78 points right now. It's in there and St. Louis and Gretsky still got a headache. He's only got seven million dollars a year. But he's got a headache. He can't even not play tonight. Poor Wayne. I hope that Kelly Bookberg. I hope that was just a start of a long succession of guys. Really taking some good shots at this guy named Needlenose. He's been let off the hook. They've been standing around watching this guy play for the last however many years it's been. And everybody treats him like he's the Teflon asshole out there. You don't see him treating Mary Olemue that way or Yarmur Yager or any of their Lindras. They're out there. Spirit him and hook at him and cross check at him. But God damn Gretsky. We got a separate set of rules for him. Well, not anymore. Now that's right. He's got that St. Louis uniform on now. He's fair game for everybody as in tonight. I wouldn't be surprised if Paul Laws like Spearsham right in the nose if he does actually show up and played in I which I doubt. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Come on. How you doing? I'm doing very well. I don't know if you if you're not you listen to the radio but last night I'm surfing through the. How do I can help it? Yeah. I'm surfing through the AM stations. And I come upon this. What's number 790 Waxy. Yeah. And they kind of show on there. I guess it must have started last night because they were saying this is our first. I thought it on called team talk radio. Yeah. They had these two kids on there last night. Two teenagers unbelievable what they did with radio. They're going to lay mold. Topics. They're hitting this one. They're hitting. They're hitting. On the school topics. They've got callers calling in. It was refreshing. Really? It was absolutely refreshing. How come. How come Waxy, which is a make-believe stage now come. They can get some young people on the earth or do a real show. And we got to bring drunks off the street to do shows on this station which is supposed to be the dominant AM station in the marketplace. Well, what was interesting about a mainstream part was, is that you had the point of view from these two kids. And now they've got a adults calling in there. Yeah. It's calling in. Right. I mean, I think they had a teacher calling. Well, what do you have to do over this show? Because you must be involved in it. So, what? Yeah, go ahead. I mean, it was interesting. It was just some expression radio. So what do you do at Waxy? You're like the, uh, what the engineers? Huh? Come on. Huh? Nothing at Waxy, apparent. What do you like, uh, you bring in the bottles in the morning for an area in the Henry? Is that what you know? No, a parent and the kids were listening to the kids said that. Dad, listen to this. Great. Well, I think I commend them for that. And I only wish that this radio station had the foresight to do something different and original. And to bring in some young people or some different people who have something to say as opposed just to try to be funny in the smart ass all the time. That's a problem. Our PD, he envisions us as being the smart ass station instead of trying to be innovative and different and new and exciting and putting somebody's got something to say on here. Well, make a big difference too. If you get call as a call, it's in the made sense and there's some sensibility about what they wanted to do. Yeah, but, huh. Let me ask you something. How do you do that when the whole thrust of the programming in the station now? And I've told them this is just to be the smart ass station. There's a time to be a smart ass and there's a time to be serious. And once upon a time on this show, I was able to like, you know, ride the line between the two on some days. We could be, uh, you know, a funny and fun in games. And other days, if there was something going on, we could talk serious and have some intelligent call it not anymore. Not anymore. It's strictly the smart ass asshole station now and I can't deal with it. So when the kids called me in last time, they say, that, come here. Listen to this. I'm going, I don't want to hear this. It's a bunch of kids making a bunch of jokes. And then all of a sudden, I'm sitting, I'm listening. I'm hearing common sense. They're funny. They're on every night supposedly. So when's your kid got to be on again? No, it might kid. Come on. You're too enthusiastic about this. It was enthusiastic because it was refreshing. Yeah. Okay. Let him glad you're refreshed. Neil, thanks. See ya. He must have put the shirt together. He's probably producing it. We have an open line at Broward 5249463524WOD. And two on the green lines up there in Palm Beach because one thing about Palm Beach, whether it's serious, whether it's a furveless, whether it's in between, they're consistent, nothing disturbs them. Nothing emotivate them more. Except the only thing record the exception being given something away. Then all of a sudden they'll, we love you up here. You've got a million loyal fans up here. You have no idea that the whole county up here right. Right. Give me a break. Okay. What a great passion of escape. That is up there in Palm Beach. More so than any of them, Boca. Boca epitomizes what this town is all about. Massive escape. And speaking of massive escape, there's a big thing in a sun-centralist morning in the local section about, Plantation. Some residents feel overwhelmed by arena plans. And everybody's up in our, we don't want that. Well, let me ask you. Was anybody, but you want to put the saw grass in there? And I hate to break the news to you, but there's a lot more people going to the saw grass. Every stick in single day, the second biggest tourist drawn in state, which tells you something about this state, Beyond Disney World, is the saw grass. And guess what life goes on? More weird than a blind date with Janet Reno, WIOD, Miami Fort London, News talking entertainment radio, 610, WIOD. Yeah, I'm Tom Joyner. Well, when I ain't all here, I don't want to fight. I'm just a little hungry. You hear me? I'm a little hungry. I see things like, hi, everybody. It's Tom Joyner. The hottest working man in show business. Good to see you. Well, I ain't all here right now. So, you know, listen, I'm still hungry. 2 to 6, 6, 7 WIOD. These back, and he's stalking a cycle who wants to make the Chicago Cubs, pennant contenders. Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, hairy, hairy. Everybody is hairy, hairy. He was Steve Stone, and the cops are getting his feet out of the way. Clint Eastwood gives a whole of fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster. There's action. The pitch. Strike at the... He's through that f***ing ball right past Clark. Suspense. If... maybe... if... it could be... it is a... no rhyme. Throwman's. Oh, look at the... Tomette Broad Steve, holy cow. Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, hairy, hairy. Coming to a theater near you. 11, 19, a WIOD. Here's a lady in Abbot Chura. Hello. Hey, hey, you don't... Okay. I'm having a great lunch. Yeah. Good. Sounds good. Mmm. Mmm. I wanted to tell you, you're a great show Friday. Yeah. And... I had a great time Friday, but we sure don't want to do that again any time. So, in the next 20 years. Oh, yeah, that's true. Um, I want to talk about tonight. Uh, Gritsky. Um, I hope that they pick it up. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to see him, uh, get a mask as concussion. Get a one? A mask as concussion. Okay. Sounds good. And um... Uh... I just, uh... Thank you, Jonah. Great job. Oh, what? A great job of what? No, you just... Oh, but I'm being frustrated? Yeah. I've talked to a bunch of simple things every day. I've seen Tommy as a douchebag 40 times today. That's not my idea of doing a great job. Well. And Bob Green, our general manager just walks in and he was like, oh, you wanted to do issues? That's a good idea. You little snod head go play with yourself. Get out of my face. Well, you make a... you make me laugh every day. And uh... that's important. Yeah. Too many people don't have a sense of humor. I understand, but does it mean that everybody has got to sense a humor's also got to be a simple thing? Is that what life is all about? No, absolutely not. So why is it that on those occasions when you bring up something serious on this radio station? Instead of doing it through another voice, which Phil does very well by the way, getting everybody riled up. But unless, you know, if they think that they're really talking to the host to whoever it might be, they got nothing to say about anything. Why is that? Or maybe it's only this town. Maybe it's not all over America because I know there's still plenty of topical talk stoves around the country. You sure are more than what we're doing. You sure come to have a duty talk. Right. And yeah, and we got the tombstone out front for that station now because it's out of business. And it's playing the Kakka now. That's right. And why is that? I don't know. Because the living and breathing people are a bunch of simple engines in this country. That's why. Well, they don't care. Yeah. But it is. Everyone wants someone else to do something. No one wants to do anything on their own. Yeah. Meanwhile, you have either down to the arena and you have to drive over people on the street, but no one cares. I'm going to tell you something. I really mean this. If this was a town that had any kind of anything in terms of response, anybody would get on here and say, okay, I will trade away every sports team, every facility, every arena, every concert, every one of these damn plastics and that things for a community where we cleaned it up, you'd all like criminals, we're about to loot, new prisons, lock up all the scum, make this a safe place, make this a paradise, bring all the real tourists back instead of French Canadians, and really make the bring the kids back from spring break and you know, make this a fun place again. That's not gonna say. I think if I said that in any other goddamn tourist town in America, that phone would be lit up either a green or disagreeing, they'd be foaming at the goddamn mouth, but not my amy man, because they're just about to sit back on a race, Lala had deadheads, that's what they are here, and that's why this town is turning into a toilet. Well, I'll tell you right now, I do it, and I'm gonna season to go hold it for the dolphin, and I could do the pants or games. I mean it would be nice to have both, you know, it would be nice to have like a civilized place along with all the other attractions, you know, that you would like to have, so you can have a good time. But I don't think that it's possible here. No, you can't ignore that, that's going on. When you go down to the arena, and it's, it's bizarre that you have all of this gone around you, and inside this building, you have all these white people, 14,500 white people, and the middle of a ghetto. Yeah, and nobody thinks anything of it. What do you mean nobody thinks anything of it? The people, most of the people that are in there don't care. Most of the people that are in there don't want to be there. Most of the people that are in here, we said it would, they would open it up at the Song Rhapsody tomorrow, so that the game Sunday against Boston was in sunrise and not in downtown Miami. On a Sunday night. Right. I'd be more than happy to give it all of that up. In a heartbeat, that's how fast I would give it up. I'd like to hear anybody else say, Joe. Oh, okay, hold your breath. And have a great day. Can I just say hi to Mike? Hi, Mike. Okay. See you. Right, bye. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm telling you, it's like doing a show in a funeral parlor. Doing a show in this town. I've said that over and over again, it's a goddamn truth. They don't understand it. It's 1124 a Wild. The construction is going on a tropical Chevrolet. As I speak and the new show room is going up. It'll be soon. I mean, like maybe soon it'll be done. But in the meantime, it's good news for you that the construction is going on. And the stuff is going up because while that's going up, the prices are going down. What does he talk about? It's tropical construction sale. And you're going to save like never before on new and pre-owned cars. They're having a real blowout when and out watching blow it out. And your car will be backed up by tropical service department, which is second and on. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. I got my car. It's 24 m light. It's 10 minutes from Amy Beach top guys look. I'm going to tell you just drive a with to a car puff ride. And drive a felony taste. ... there's nothing like it covidatt. You know they have been ruled by a lot of people tropical. Shirver later. Nobody can match them. Especially when it comes to service to Barney our Koreans. Would be 40 years before. 18501 7501 powered by the pitch gravitator now. You was talking entertainment radio. 610 WI OLD. Broke I hate to break the news to you. She brings me an a play girl from my anniversary with some of the grossest guys I've ever seen. Oh, I ran them into my lunch. I- P- P- P- P- P- Thanks, Chef Rinaldo. It was really good. In fact, it might be better like love. It's better the second time around. Isn't that how that song goes? Lunch is better the second time around. 1128 at WIOD. Is everybody having a good time yet or what, huh? Tell Bob Green, don't come in here in the middle of my show ever again. Okay, just tell me to stay clear of this room. You know, Friday was nice, but you know what? It's like putting a little band-aid on the Titanic. It's like a little cosmetic, a little gesture was very nice. I appreciated it, I'm not a hard ass. I had a great time. But life goes on. It was like a once in a lifetime thing. Okay? Because it ain't going to be another 20 years that you go to the back on that. But in the meantime, we got like a massive hemorrhaging going on. And this guy's like, ah, what do you think? You see that thing up in Atlanta, Bob? They album keys. They locked them out of the studio at WSB by the, I don't care about WSB, okay? Stop living in the past. You're not at WSB, you're not in the Atlanta. Thank God. I'll decrysthe ground for that. What a place that is Dennis. Here's Poppino. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy pouring, buddy. Thanks. Hey, I got something to tell you about all these religious fundamentalist extremists guys. Yeah. You know what you can say to them to this piss them all off? Just tell them. You know, the Jews, the Christians, and the Muslims, their God is all the same one. If you same God. Mm-hmm. And if you tell them that. The same sick twisted, perverted God that is causing all this murder and mayhem and kids to be blown up on buses and created this devil so we could have like a really exciting time instead of having a seriously, instead of having paradise and everybody like really, you know, having a wonderful time. We got cancer. We got the plague. We got everything you can imagine. I know what. It's all because it is one of the God. If you tell them that their God is the same one as the Jews or the Christians or the Muslim they will go nuts. Yeah. They go nuts. But they will go nuts. They already they already got there. Well, I know that. Great show Friday. Great show. Great time. Yeah. Too bad we couldn't stretch that show out for a couple of months and I can tell you. Enjoy them. Well, sorry, you got all these. Because the pain and suffering here man is just incalculable. You just, in fact, as I sit here right now and join my delicious free lunch, I'm thinking to myself, you know, even more the twigs. Lasting 20 years on a year here, which is nothing but an outdoor funeral parlor, which is what I called it the first seriously. The first week that I was on a year at KAT at the end of the week, I said, this is an outdoor funeral parlor. And of course, all the old parts on the beach were like up at arms and haven't a nervous breakdown and we just squeeze in our economy bags. That's right. That's what that that's it. It's a deadhead plane. It's a place for geeks who will I like wandered in illegally on the shore somewhere and a place for old people waiting to die. I'll tell you something Neil, I've born here and I live here for 23 years and I would trade it off and end the tankers and the heat and every damn thing else they got to take one tour of some of this place if we could give it all the crime and all the crap. There you go. Just make it a civilized place to live. Then we can start worried about bringing in a crap. What everybody. All right, Neil, you keep it on going, buddy. Okay, well, I'm a real life. Open line in date 751 Wiod. We got one in Broward 524. Just like I said on the green lines, look at our guys up there at Palm Beach. I'm going to tell you right now, mark it on the calendar. Next time we got good stuff to give away even bad stuff to give away. If anybody in Palm Beach, which is a state of Palm Beach station anyway, this is a date and Broward station and maybe 10 drugs done in the keys. That's it. If you ever catch me given anything away to anybody in Palm Beach besides a headache, you please put a goddamn billboard up and say Neil's an asshole and I'll say you're absolutely right. Yes, here's Westchester. Hello. How do I know? Okay. By the way, you do have balance in your show. No, I don't. No, the only balance comes from me. It doesn't come from the audience. No, no, that's what I'm talking about. No, you bring balance. The colors keep directing it back. But have you ever seen a herd in a cliff? Then the sheep will follow the lead right over the cliff. Or you see the flamingos at Highly at the guy, the trainer blows the whistle when it's time to feed him and they all no matter where they are, they all goose that, they get in a line and they follow him around and yeah, that's that human nature and you know those who have power want more, those who don't want it and you know, people have an idealistic view of the past. As you, I think you made a very good point. What we're seeing today is nothing what we haven't seen in the past and people have to you know wake up, but you know what? That herd mentality and you know and that's what this count this, this, this pound reflects more herd mentality than any I've ever seen. You know, really does. There's just, there is no, there's nothing. The only groups of people that you got here, it's basically the Cubans who get all whipped up about the flow, chill a thing and about all that crap that went on over the weekend and it was about your crap. But that's herd mentality. Yeah, but again, that's the only group of people that we got that get like emotional and involved and those Cuban radio stations can go on here and they can whip up thousands of people into a frenzy, like a matter of moments. But the rest of this community no matter what it is that you're desperately trying to get them even just a little bit excited about, forget it, it never going to happen. Okay, you can go to the bank. That's the one thing I've learned here in the 20 years that I've been here except for, you know, ethnic elements in this town. If you try to get like the majority of the people living day and Brower like really whipped up about anything, forget it. It's never going to happen. And that's why this time continues to get more and more and more like a toilet every minute of every day. And nobody lifts a finger or says a word about it. And Joe Carroyo is busy trying to save face and he's going to build an arena with 15 cents in Dave County. But at least at least you bring a little while. He will walk on a guide to him street anywhere in this town and feel safe. And his guys worried about building an arena because they're, they're, they're feelings are hurt because they're a bunch of assholes because they can't do anything right. Yeah, but he's a politician. He's an asshole as what he is. He's a disaster. He's a Pandora and an asshole. That's Joe Carroyo. That's a politician. Anywhere you bring some, you really bring, you know, a nice light to the community though. A nice light like a flashlight. Well, somebody get us some batteries to die in. At least somebody's, at least somebody's trying. You have a real nice day now. Thanks. Take care. See you. That thing on Friday, see, I want to point something out to you, okay? Which you should know, and some of you do and some are too stupid to understand it. The thing on Friday was all orchestrated. Which I appreciate. I mean, you know, it took a lot of hard work and a lot of effort by a bunch of people to get those people to call in to get them to come in to get all the food in. That was like a happening. It wasn't a vent. It wasn't something that happens spontaneously here. There would never happen spontaneously here in a million years for anybody. They could have the Pope. They could have any the Pope sitting here. And it wouldn't have happened. It just doesn't happen. It's just not the kind of a place. It is what it is. Like in Godfather 3 and the Al Pacino says to Vincent. He says, you are what you are. You're your father's son. You are what you are. That's what I want to say to this town. You are what you are, okay? Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's this town. It is what it is. How's Jackie Lee doing by the way? How's that Jeff Cohen doing? And what the hell does he want? It's 1135 at WIOD. Draw concepts. Maybe there is a beacon of light in the darkness for you. Here's one business. They've been on here with me for years and years. And one of the reasons it's a two-way street is because number one, I get them a lot of business. And number two, I'm proud and pleased to have month because they do great for everybody. Even in my house, even in my mom's house. Your mama? That's right, my mama. Even in her house, they did a phenomenal job made or carpet soar flag. No, she is still creeling. Even on this day of poor him, she is creeling and curing out about how her carpet's never looked better since they were put down on a floor. And you'll be saying exactly the same thing because they have their exclusive dry cleaning method. They suck out the deep down dirt that soil that's left down in there. So there's no residue to attract any more dirt. And your carpet stay clean or hell of a lot longer. They apply disinfectant as they're doing the job. And to make a long story short, nobody know where in the world does a job like this. At a fair price, a written guaranteed price up front before they touch a single thing. So if your carpets are kind of schmutzie, maybe you've had some out of town people and for the holidays. Over the winter, over to whatever it is. Pick up the phone and call dry concepts and clean up your act right away. And date County, call 930 36 36 930 36 36 and Broward 588 14739 588 14739 and Palm Beach 930 4739 the one the only the best dry concepts. And when you call me, should ask them about Florosal, the unique fabric protection system to guard against spills on your carpets too. So there's a big piece here on the Harold TV page today about how Brian Andrews former W. I. O. D. News ace in the morning, along with this colleague Adam Kirchner. Brian Andrews now of channel 7 news who seems to be hopping up and floating around just about everywhere. When he was covering the float till over the weekend, they spelled it FLOAT-ILLA. That's the kind of float till he's so emotional. And he was so impressed by the courage on the passion of the Cubans who went down there to drop their flowers into water and potsky around on there and make a big statement and get all the emotional again for the eight minute time. And of course, then you read into when you find out it was in Key West at the reporter state. That's right. It says, although all of the news crews covering the float till a shared essentially the same experiences in Key West doubling up in hotel rooms because Key West was already filled with college students for spring break and having only a couple of hours to sleep anyway. Does that start to pray to pick your vibrant headsets a good time? We're not talking about women. I'll bet. Two open lines in dates, 7509-463, one on a purple line, pound I O. D. Come on, let's get with it. Let's get with the hockey fans. Let's go. So here's a doctor at Ken's T-skek from our friend chef for an although. I run the area. And this one's only got six grams of carbohydrate for the entire cake. Hmm? Okay, here's the lady mobile in the Jupiter. Hello. Hey, me, I know this. Hello. Oh, what a phone you've got. Ben. Ben, can I actually have an a worse? No, it's better. No, it's a greener would you buy a religion? You want a what? I have a little disagreement with your father, a religion. Yeah, I'm listening. I'm sorry, I have to crack on people for it. What? Why are you cracking on religion? In other words, I can't give my opinion. Is that what you're telling me? Yeah, you're giving it to me. I'm just agreeing with you. But you're not saying anything. You're asking me why am I racking on religion? Why don't you tell me, you know, disagree with something that I said? Okay, well, you said that religion deep in a religion deep in a religion deep of just accept things and let their soul just accept them. I can't speak for other churches. That isn't what I said. That's not, I didn't, I didn't say anything remotely like that, man. I didn't say anything remotely like that at all. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yeah, but you can't talk at the same time that I am. I'm sorry, I can't hear you. I'm talking. Exactly. That's a very good point. You can't hear me while you're talking. And let me say it again. Don't put words or anything else in my mouth. It's not what I said. Okay, what did you say? I said that people have got to throw away all the fairy tales in the baloney and start taking matters in their own hands and start dealing with the problems of the world instead of believing in some goblins and prayer in the all the supernatural bullcraft. Because that's what it is. That's what I said. You also said that we, that religious people, people believe that God put these evil things on the earth and we have to accept them. No, I did not say anybody's your acceptance. That's not what I said. You said that religious people think that. Religious people believe it's all part of God's plan. It's right. God of the devil and all these other fairy tales for ten year olds. Right. Well, I know religious people, some religious people also believe that those things happen. You should do something about it. Did you know like it? And what are you doing about it? Be sad. Be sad. You know, I disagree with it. If there's something else that I don't like, I usually speak my mind about it. Or try to do something and help somebody out. Yeah, what are the religions doing about all of people who are starving all over the world? Whether busy bombing abortion clinics and telling everybody that their sinners are going to go to hell and putting out a bunch of TV shows so they can raise more money to buy more TV licenses. What are they doing about all these problems? Well, everybody's going to do a thing. I do. I'm not the one bombing abortion clinic. What about all of religion is over there in Ireland who are busy bombing each other? What about the Jews and the Arabs and the Middle East are busy blowing up kids on school buses? What about that? I think it's really sad. I think it's really sad. I think it was a bully to the Arabs because they don't agree with them. Yeah. Let's religion for us. We are. That's what it's all about, honey. It's religion. That's what it's all about. Have a great day. You're a simple and I left Iran for a long time, even though I could barely hear her. So don't tell me all you know if you disagree. You won't put John if he had something to say and I could hear what else he was saying. It would have been a conversation but it was neither of the above. And that's what you get. Just, just, just Kaka, just double talk. And that's why they won't call this show. They'll call some fictitious character that Philip put on here that gets him whipped up and were friends. He'll argue with somebody that don't even exist and then talk about how stupid that somebody that don't even exist is, even though they're the ones who are stupid. We have an open line in date, 751. We got two on a green lines, 1-800-9-449-463. Now what the hell does he want? What are you doing, Colin here? Well, what am I doing, Colin here? Jesus, God Almighty. I was at one of the people that were orchestrated to Colin Friday and I could get him. But you already called me to wish me a happy anniversary Mike Spindell. Oh, did I? Colin, Dr. Bellos. Okay, take care. See ya. Just kidding. What do you want? What do you want? No, I just wanted to wish a how. To late 20, you called me ahead of time. Well, I called you how long ahead of time on a cell phone, as a matter of fact. Yeah. And waited a long time just to say a lot of things. And then of course, I hear this beautifully orchestrated show on Friday. And I really enjoyed it. I liked what I heard. He had a doctor Jan Bellos was not. Ah, yeah, Dr. Bendover. Yeah, he was not either. Yeah. And there were a lot of people. And I was kind of thinking of a lot of the folks that had no one that would no longer with us. I got a card from Reverend Emma, by the way. Reverend Emma? You're kidding me. No. The one that used to smop that over the face? Right. Unbelievable. Well, the only thing I was just going to say real quickly is that we were talking about a lot of the polarizers. And you've been mentioning them. And what basically we're talking is like $400,000 was spent on the float tele and the people how to go back. And the people who have a stand at the orange pole and the police presence there. Right. And explaining it up which after 60,000 people were in there doing, God only knows what. Yeah. And it just gets stranger and stranger. If we could get hundreds of thousands of people to put as much energy and a putness community back together and cleaning this toilet up a town up, then we'd have something going on here, Mike. That's the bottom line. And what are the other things that just crossed my mind? Real quickly is the fact that you take a look at the mentality. You look at the Channel Six News and you take a look at the way that they run their promo. They use two word promos to describe things, Crisis in Cuba. Right. That's the basic mentality of the average viewer or the average listener. They can't go past what they see as a headline. And everything is boiled down in the two words or three words as a promo. And that is what the bottom line is. But again, I won't call you for another 20 years. Happy promise. And just one of the reasons, I guess as I turned 50s that I say to myself, What was it all about? The years that I spent in radio, I didn't make a difference. Well, what the hell is this all about? What is it all about when I'm in the middle of an hour on my show in a general manager comes in here with an unusual shot, eating grin on his pose. Now, you want to do topics? Well, we should have a conversation about this with him in the middle of the show while I got a mouth full of food with one hand. I'm trying to put a bit together to play to begin the next segment with the other hand. Let's have an important conversation about this stuff. Let's find out if our program director is coherent enough to sit up straight in the chair. Well, you have your problems. Oh, my God. I wish you the best. You think you've seen some stuff, man. You're coming here. I've seen and heard quite a bit. You ought to come and issue on just for one day, Mike. You go out and you're going to blip blip blip like that. Well, they won't hire me. What can I tell you? Thank God. We've got enough crap. See you, Mike. Okay. Mike Spindell, just longing for those days when you go on your waves and do it again. Whatever it is you used to do. What do you used to do? I can't remember. We have an open line in days. We have a 519463 and we got two on a green line. How Stephanie doing by the way downstairs with that computer sheet? Let's get her acting together. You see one thing about this join is that it just goes kind of like on slow cook all the time. It just kind of vegetates along and nobody says anything. Onters at kneel again. He's on the war path. That's right. Because we got about to lazy people in this building who like sitting around on their acid free food. I was at what I'm doing now. Right. Like I said. But when it comes to hey, here's party or job. Here's what you're supposed to do. Where we, we, here's what the talent requires to see. Every week in their box, which is supposed to be twice a week down there. Stephanie, but now I see don't happen at all anymore. Get that thing in a thing over there. So we know what the hell is going on. Okay. It's like these people are doing your favor when they do their job. That's what you're getting paid a check for every week's sweetheart. Not just for coming up here and sposing for free food. Get her on a phone down there on her extension. Tell her we want that computer sheet up here by the end of the day. If there isn't a goddamn person in management in this place, we'll take the bull by the horns. And I'll start doing it. Okay. I'll start living up to my images. This relentless obnoxious hard-nosed piece of crap that just got a crappy attitude and starts bitching everybody and I'll start doing it. Cause there ain't nobody else in this building. I'll do it. They're too busy sitting around playing celebrity golf and with each other. It's 1148 at Wild. News talk at entertainment radio. 610 W I O D. Hey, if you're thinking of having sex with them protection, you better think again. Oh, this is making me so hot. Me too. Come on. Let's go all the way. I hear in the back seat if you're caught. Sure. Okay. Okay. Did you bring any protection? Protection. I'm gonna have sex with you in the reproduction. Oh darn. Look. Having sex without wearing a condom is like jumping out of a plane with I'd wearing a parachute. If you're not wearing one, you ain't getting none. Hmm. I'm getting even hotter than I was last night. Come on. Let's go all the way. I told you, nonetheless you brought protection. I did break protection. Hell, that. It's a parachute. A parachute. As look, it's got a rest of our tip. That's the reserve suit. Paul, my rep card, bye-bye. We're on rep card, sir. I always end up pulling my own rep card. Condoms. Geronimo. Oh, think of them as little parachute for your penis. It's 1152 at Wild. I hope you have it a great Tuesday out there. I just had a fantastic knockout lunch from a chef for a night. My queen, Rinaldo, from Rineo, Raniero. Well, that's a strange name. You know, his name is Chef Rinaldo and a place is called Raniaries. R-O-N-I-E-R-I-S. It's a great place. And I don't have to give many for a close because they're loaded all the time. They just got more business than they can handle. They're at the Pembroke Pines on a corner of Pembroke Road and University. And they served the low carbohydrate cheesecake. Their cheesecake, the whole cake is only got six grams. It is really something. Here's a lady in Marquade. Hello? Yeah. A boy. You are a busy fellow. Listen, I have used concept for about five years. It's fantastic. Right concepts? Yes. Right. Really. Yeah. Superior to the other. But what I want is, as I say, is it doesn't sound as if you're going anywhere. I thought news, which we would say. Is it if I'm going anywhere? Yeah. It's not going home at two o'clock. No, you're not going to the York. Are you? No. Who said I was going somewhere? I heard this. On other words, you heard that crap on the film. Henry's sure again. Yeah. They played it on Sunday and you believe in it? Yes, I did. I only wished that it were true. I want to tell you. I told Norman about it. Norman who? Norman Kent. What are you? Like a professional at the end? Yes. Okay. Yes. I was fine. Let me tell you. Well, no. I just asked you the question. It's a great. Why are you following my entrails? Yeah. The greatest thing you're down here. Well, yeah. Norman, he's a really great broadcaster. Make no mistake about that. I like that. Tom has sticked at a law practice. Okay. I'm kind of going out and going out and scab and stuff. I'm pretending to be a broadcaster. I think he's in lightening. Yeah. He's light bulb. Not lightning. Light bulb. But I'm glad to hear. But anyhow, he abolished me. Yeah. That's true. That's true. Yeah. He would have known it if it was true. Yeah. And what else? I want to scold you for blaming God. I'm a Middle Eastern devoted spiritual devotee. Okay. Devotee. We'll crack. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The Middle East, especially these days, is a good place to see where belief in God really comes in. Maybe we should call it the Far East. Oh, Far East. Yes. I think they have one letter to many. I don't want to think about that. But I know that Moses, you're just a bunch, man. How about two Jew beings? A Moses saying, you will make no sense to me. You want to plant? What you sow, you will. You know something, all these little, all these little platitudes, all these little things, all these little bubble mice. They don't solve the real problems of all the people, all the real death and suffering and killing that's going on there all over the world. Okay. So all these little, all these things, all these little things you put on bumper stickers, you know, my boss is a Jewish carpenter. My boss is current carpenter, you know. I'm serious. Have a nice day, sweetheart. Get out of your killing me. We have an open line in date, 7519463, and we have one in Broward, five to four, WIOD. That Norman Kentman, there's a broadcaster for our times. Make dumb a stick about that. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to talk to you about some real issues, since you're having so many problems getting some intelligent people alone. I can't get these people off the dime for lover money, pal. This has got to be the dumbest audience on the face of the earth. I'm Tonya. Well, I first say that I'm a die hard dolphin fan. Yeah. Van Lerino's probably the best football player to ever touch a pig. By doubt the idea. Jimmy Johnson is probably the best coach ever. Well, we'll see. Yeah, we will. But I'm with you. I give it all up if we could live in a town that's, you know, a livable society. Yeah. However, you know, this is just hypothetical BS. You know, what can we really do to solve the problems that we need to talk about? I'd like to have a little debate with you, you know, not a screaming match. Yeah. Not something where, you know, we're not all about all those millions of dollars that are being spent to build all these stadiums in arenas and all this other and to pay the salaries of all these Jucks. How about building some new prisons that are taking all the scum off the streets and putting them away for many, many, many years and people who want to be barbarians and uncivilized and have this desire to go out and do something fun like killing somebody because they felt like it was something they had to do. Just putting them away and separating the wheat from the chap, the scum from the rest of us who want to live in a civilized place. How would that be? Amen. Yeah. I'm what's there. So there's one good answer. But first of all, you know, I think the solution is, oh, let's look at the problem. You got liberalism in this country. Ah, here we go. liberalism. That's the problem. No, liberalism. You're not about to have a brain wash tool, you old man. Here we go. Hey, settle down. You know, let's go to the bank. You have a brain. You just believe all the cops are screaming. You haven't got to call before with this crowd. Yeah, you called me once before with the same baloney by liberals. No, I've never called you the first time called. Okay. We recorded a call. It must be apparent. Let me first say that. Well, not first of all. Yeah. But let's look at the liberal policies that are causing all liberal policies of what? Liberal policies like a welfare system. Yeah. That, you know, provides an incentive for parents not to be married. Yeah. It penalizes you if you work. Let me ask you something. What does that guy do with whether the streets are safer not? Well, it it creates an overall, you know, it. Yeah. I'm a little nervous. I'm not screaming at all. I'm sitting here eating my cheesecake. I'm not eating my mouth full. I can't even speak. I'm waiting for you. Okay. You're just repeating a lot of caca that's you've been brainwashed with it. It's liberals who are responsible for all the problems that again is because you can't use your own brain. You've been brainwashed. No, you're the one who's been brainwashed. No, I haven't been brainwashed. I've seen it all. Okay. The media doesn't tell me what I think. Okay. The liberal media. Now you're getting even worse. The liberal media like who? Like William Buckley? Like every guy on the national news. Yeah, like Robert Novak, Novak and Evans, those two Nazis. Like Pat Buchanan on Crossfire, all those liberals. You got a hand for George Wills. Like George F. George Will? Look at the way they cover all the stories. I mean, they show all the debate. Sure. Can I tell you, and I really mean this with all the respect. You don't have a brain. All you know, seriously, all you're doing is repeating firing back in me. A lot of cliches that you've been brainwashed with. It's the liberal media. It's the liberal welfare state. It's this and any other. It's a fucking bull crap. Okay. I want to tell you something. We had 12 years of Ronald Reagan and George Bush absolutely unadulterated fascism. We're okay. We're a credit congress. It makes no difference. We had 12 years of supposed leadership from up there. Ronald Reagan took away the funding from the goddamn nut houses. They put all those crazy people out there in the streets. If you don't believe me, just go to New York and they're all wandering around. We'll live like that on the streets. You're talking madness. You have no idea what you're talking about. Let me back. Now we've got a Republican Congress. Another than wanting to put the guns back in a hands of everybody on the streets, including Ozee's never kind of gunned. It's ever been invented. What the hell are your Republicans in Congress doing about crime? Neil, you can't get to talk all the time. I'm listening. I'm waiting for an answer. You got 40 seconds. The problem is that like I said, the welfare system creates an incentive for the parents not to be married. You got kids running around. What did that? What does that have to do with what I know Scott? And they don't have any moral base. They don't have care. No, it's only the good point of getting a break. The only people that have morals on the board are getting a break. The poster boy for liberalism, Bill Clinton. You know, go listen to Rush Limbois coming on right now. As soon as he starts using that cliche, get a brain pal. Get an idea of yourself where you're starting. You're going to start going around. Go. La. Rept. Radio station. A box. And it takes real. Wild. I am 400. Use talking entertainment radio. 610. W.I. W.D.