So we thank you for the cave, by the way, and back at you. But this is, you know, they've done their very best, they've done their damn best to kind of like sort through and see they could pick and choose and make sure that we start with a minimal amount of ability to succeed. Not that it's important that you do succeed in life but that your friends and former employees fail, keep that in mind at all times. I was especially impressed with that that tape of the Iranian-Ran replay last night that Saudi part of it. Like that. It was kind of typical I think I should give you an idea the kind of technology that we've been settled with here for the last several years. But keep in mind of course it's not supposed to be technology, you're supposed to come in and just make miracles man. Just sit in the chair dummy up don't cause any problems, don't make any waves and create a miracle for us please. Or else. Because it's not a question of if we're going to stab you through the heart, it's just a question of what. 10, 3, Oh, at W.A.G. 3.5 hours for this kid. To like just fly out that door, head on down the street to the doctor to let him take a little just a little bit more blood. Why don't they leave me alone already with that blood? I don't have that much left, just leave me alone with the blood already, will you, Doc? Go back to Italy. Here's a mobile in Cutler Ridge, a dead county call unless this must be important hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning, how are you doing? I'm doing great. So come to us, who are you, first time, call her, love your show. Oh, great. I want to wish you well in your new studios and my wife ain't your show, but I love it. I listen every day I work for you. What, let's examine that for just a moment. What's your wife's problem? Is she some kind of a humorless bitch? Is that the problem? Something like that. Isn't she getting enough from you? Is that the problem? Or maybe she's getting too much from you? That might be the problem based on your laugh. Or maybe she just getting too much from somebody else. Maybe. Could be. Yeah. I listened to your show every morning. I work for you. You're totally company. Yeah. And there's a lot of us out here that listen to your show all the time. I've never listened or watched hockey before. Now I can't get enough of it. Tonight's the big night. I guarantee that Panther Pack is long sold out this morning. I can't even watch that. I'm sure that. I have a death case, so I have the sports channels. I'm okay. Great. You got the sports channel and 33. You can watch it in stereo tonight, man. I know this and I wish you well. You know, you're the stuff you say on the air. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Nobody else can say what you say. I love you, show. Nobody's got balls like these. That's what my doctor tells me. Neo, can I get a request please? Anything you like, pal. This is our last day. It's kind of a bitter sweet moment in my life. Right. Can I can you play that cast for some? The cast rose song? Yeah. Castile, you all get bastard. Castile, you ugly miserable, comedy, pinko, you fag, is that it? That's it, sir. Okay. Sounds like it's me. Have a great day, amigo. Thank you, sir. I'll stick to you or me this. I'll take it to me. And back to you. Say goodbye. Castile, look at the out of Cuba. We just can't be yours, yeah. You've been around wait for long. Castile, you ugly bastard. Too long you've lasted. The Bay of Picks should have worked. Did tell you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so God damn rich. You amigo son of a bitch. This fall we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63 did you kill can't you? Moal death. Moal death. Moal death. Moal death. Moal death. Get out now and free your nation. Are you into mass temptation? Feed the will list the embargo. Cuba will become another killago. USA. USA. That's radulion. We're turning all the raps and boats away. Losit. Castile, get out of Cuba. We just can't use you. You've been around wait for long. Castile, you ugly bastard. You're all off. You're all off. I'm putting you in a dump. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill can't you? Where did you kill can't you? What's the matter? Where did you? Where did you kill can't you? What's the matter? Get out now and free your situation. Are you into mass temptation? Feed the will list the embargo. The young bag of Cuba will be coming out of the key logo. Do you wanna say it? Do you wanna say it? We're turning all the graphs and bots away. That's right, you know. We're losing. We're losing. We're losing. We're losing. We're losing. You're a ghost. Okay, 1035 is WOD. Rick and Suds from this building. Their last show in his joint to Saffton O'N and Rick was over there last night trying to reinvent the wheel and do a pretty good job of it too by the way with our new studio or new equipment. Our new massive, uh, very complex and very space age and very, shockingly and astonishingly, uh, I can't even describe it to you. But I'll do my best tomorrow morning though while we're in your posking around and punching a bunch of buttons and making all kinds of sounds and you've never heard sounds like these. I mean, anybody can do stuff like that. But wait till you hear this crap. And the sounds too. Here's Pomp and O'N the purple line. Hello. Well, I'm in Hollywood now. Here's Hollywood on the purple line. Hello, Neil. Here's Miami on the purple line. What are you going like a bad on a helmet? Where's homestead on the purple line? Are we going to say cottage for this date count? Oh, yes, get all the Yosuke dos. She may run. She may run. Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen. I've got to tell you, Neil. I've tried real hard to at least up till now and try as the key word here. I just can't seem to enjoy listening to Ron and Ron. Oh, yeah. I just, oh, oh. What are you trying to say? Nothing they talk about is relevant to anything. Every commercial for a area code eight one three. Yeah. Don't you don't you pray like I do that January the first or second, whatever day they get down here and start doing their show from our same studio that it might be a little bit more oriented like the local market here and study here in about all those those pickers over the line. I sure hope so. And I didn't even know until just now that they were coming here. How do you like that? I'll just go this Ron and Ron. Exactly. Okay. All right. So I'll give it another trial. Listen, I envy only until you're there. Now, listen. I don't know if you have any like goldfish or tropical fish, but what if one of them does starts with moving upside down, we will be having a psyche con to show to help you communicate with them so you make sure that they're going to be okay. But only if the fish was killed in a car accident last. Exactly. Right. Oh, I have a very tasteless line for that, but I certainly will not use it. Have a great day, pal. Oh, I would have been so bad. Very bad. I mean, you know, there's nothing funny about somebody's 18 year old daughter dying in a, what what? What am I missing? Line one. Oh, my God. I knew that this was going to be a special day, you know what? Somewhere in my balls, there was a twitch. And somewhere there's also a twitch saying isn't there going to be great that we give it to this DCS? Even though you have this, you'd like to use it as a crutch. One thing about this building. Thanks forever to get that taste and smell. How do you system? Henry Barrow and other gentlemen who's on our long list of former cock screwies. I don't have any. Good. I just wanted to wish you luck as you head to a real studio. Right. All I can say is, oh, right. I can remember when that room that you're in was the main AM studio in that building. Back in about 64. The main AM studio? Yes. And what is it now? Now, I made for the disc jockies. There was a big console and they played all their records in that room you're in and the whole. Well, I see what you're saying. It had the turn tables in all that crap. Right. Well, do you remember when I came here? Because I remember like it was 20, 40 years ago. That was like the inauguration of this studio was just prior to that. Steve King was doing a show in here. And I think Steve Conway, my good friend from the hockey game, Steve Conway. The teenage sound and financial guy was doing a show in here. And they had just inaugurated this thing. They just started putting the schmutz on the ceiling. That's correct. Right. And the news booth was to your right. Right. I'd open window there where they did the news. Right. And yeah, it didn't be behind that was the news. So that's right. Boy, if you got a good memory for an old fart. God, I spent it. At the time I left there, I had spent more than half my life in that building. Isn't that something? And I loved the way they did it to. I loved that. And the only thing I liked was that the only thing I liked was that the only thing I liked was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked that was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked that was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked that was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked that was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked that was that I liked that. And the only thing I liked that was that I liked that. But he would say he was from all kinds of places, but he was actually parked out by the sea wall. So how many of you used the U of Toilinus join? 29. 29 years. You know, between you and Renarian Steve Ziggler, that's the more than most people are going to make it. Right? Absolutely. And not to mention Phil Constan, who I think has got you all, did he? Yeah, Phil was there before me. God. He's working on his WOD in Cycle of PDA, because he said there was too much for just one book. Oh yeah. He said the Larry King's stuff will fill at least three volumes. That's really including the mug shots. Larry was there. His studios were over at the Surfside six houseboat. Yeah. At first. And then they let me first do those. They moved it back into the building. Now was this this famous studio where Larry put on the put on the LP. And went out to get late. He got a call from somebody on the beach. And he went out to get late. And he beat. No, that was when he was over at the cat. Yeah. So that was an old and row. I mean on pay road. Right. Oh my god. Another building I've been in. Larry King's been in all these places before me. No wonder we're catching it. Unbelievable. So how you guys doing over there on WACC 790? We're doing fine. We just got back from doing a week of broadcast up at Disney World. Yeah. And had a ball up there. They had you all farce up there at Disney World? Oh, we go about twice a year. All right. And we we had a great time. Well, say hi to Mike and Roger and all our good friends and congratulations on being survivors. And Ron and Ron Harrison of course. How could we how could we forget him no matter how hard we try? Well, we all listen to you. I know that. We hear your messages. Thanks. Wait, but thanks Ray. Here's Ray from the diner. We just brought me my last sub. Thank you Ray. You're a great guy. And we appreciate all the free food and your food is sensational. We hope you're not come dead. Okay. We hope you show that sunny thing or two. Okay. Thank you. You don't know Ray. No, I don't. I remember sunny's diner. Speaking of sunny, by the way. Yeah. I understand that Mr. Fox is in the midst of a bidding war. Two stations in Atlanta want him badly. Really? Yes. Oh, my God. So which one's going to throw into biggest bottle? I think that's the operative question. Well, that's good. I'm glad to see sunny's going to come down on his feet. That'll be a first. He's out in Vegas relaxing right now. Is he really? Yes. Oh, I was just going to say oh, no. Let's see. Oh, yeah. Remember the title house? Absolutely. The title of which you and I must be the only two people in town. I remember that was with the best cheeseburgers in the world. They had those big juicy greasy cheeseburgers up there. And that was a great place. Then of course, sunny's market and sunny went belly up so to speak. And in a stand stage, Delhi, which didn't make it. Now we got a guy named Ray and he who just walked out of here with a smile. He's doing pretty good. That's good to hear. Thank God for him. Yeah. We had the bonfire across the street from his radio liners. Bonfire. Right. At Dean Markton's place on the causeway. Yeah. And Gillies was over there. Had a bunch of places. Junior's up to street. One of the great stories happened at the bonfire. We had to entertain Colonel John Shorty Powers. One time with the voice of Mercury and Gemini. Right. And so Shorty, who was even shorter than me, considered himself quite a ladies man. And at the bonfire, he was standing in the bar. He saw this beautiful, blonde lady. And he walked up through and he said, hi. I'm Colonel John Shorty Powers. And she said, hi. 50 bucks. Ha ha ha ha. Beautiful. What a typical story in his neighborhood. Yes. Henry Hanging here have a great life. And one of these days, you might just to drop by and see a real studio. George has invited me to see that. He tells me it's state of the art. All digital life. I'll come by and say hello. We'd love to have you because all the cops people are banned. Take care, Henry. Bye, Neil. See you. Henry Barrow, one of those great Americans. Hey, look for me. Sunny, hurry. Sean, W.I.N.Z. The Zag is 1040. So I guess this screws up my doctor deal now. You know what? Never thought about that. I was going to be not eating today. George. What is it? I can't go over there because I'm a non-fasting mode. So I have to come down here like through the air friday afternoon after the show. You know, if my doctor is listening, I know that it's out of the way for me. But for you, I'll come all the way down. Okay? Thursday or Friday afternoon in a fasting mode. I'm not going to go have no blood test with eating all this food that he just brought in here. Although it is all atkins. Okay. I'm not going to do that because I like to get the edge. 1043 a W.I.O.D. Talk in entertainment radio, 610 W.I.O.D. I've been a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Oh, oh, hey, it's your old friend, Ben Krosby. I'm here in the here after. Yeah, just sit back, drink it some juice, some juice, as hard juice. You know, I've been dead long time. I'm looking forward to seeing my old friend, Bob Hopper, Purser. Oh, he'd love it. They've golfed up here in the great beyond, you know, and all the crispest is a fight. Oh, hey, it's my old friend, Samadavis, junior here, Samad. Well, oh, well, you look at the time. You know, most of my kids commit suicide because they said it wasn't a piece of father. Well, I'm glad they're all up here now, because it's whipping time. Yet, my bell's. Oh, would you like to swing on a star? Beach of kids heads with a crowbar. Oh, oh, got to go. Got a tea time in 20 minutes. Oh, oh. There's Terry Griffin sitting in her terri as a suicidal. We're going to miss you, Terry. We love you. You're great. And she's got a sour look on her post, because she stuck with at idiot Johnny Dolan over there. Oh, my God, a fate worst in death. I wonder she's suicidal. Well, he won't be there long. Who else in the building? I see our Rodney stuck is heading there. Last week, he thought we would leave it on Friday and said goodbye and gave me that Brian Cox salute. And I said, back at you, smart ass. So anyway, speaking of Rodney, a prime time live, done out on ABC is going to have Mark Furman on there. Just a joke, Rodney. And Diane Sawyer is going to say to him with a straight post, because they saw the promo, why did you say that word? That word. I mean, why did you say that? I mean, talk about juvenile, you know? Talk about ridiculous. It just goes to show you. It's like the Alamar spitting incident. People are such hypocrites and so full of crap with all of this public indignation. This fiend indignation, because this guy, this cop said, the inward. Oh, my God. It's okay if he called, you know, some faggot of faggot, or some Julio a spick, or some, whatever. But the end word, why did you ever, why did you even think about saying that word? I wonder how many times Diane Sawyer has said, nigger. Huh? Why don't we turn the tables around on Diane, even though the show's on tape? Let's turn it around and find out from Diane Sawyer. How many times she said it, huh? That little white bitch? Let's find out. Sue, who else are we going to, I don't want to miss anybody. I don't want to, you know, miss any stones here in the building. Anybody else, uh, want to thank Leah down into county. She's been a sweetheart. She's great. She's had that check in spite of being brow beaten by George and badgered and hating us like poison for a George's constant getting on the intercom and on the, whatever it is. Where's Neil's check? Where's that check? She's getting real sick and tired of that. She's probably delighted that we're not going to be here anymore. Thank you so much, Leah. You're okay in our book. Who else? We already whisk your heels the best, all right? May all my gods see what I mean? Mabel. Right up front, our receptionist, Mabel, we've had a long, we've had a long, we've had a long, long, long line of receptionist in this joint, so in the eight years that I've been here. Most of them, marginal at best. I'm being very kind now. Marginal at best. Some of them useless at best. And Mabel is great. She's a sweetheart. She takes lots of crap on that phone up there, which he doesn't deserve. She just takes it with a smile on her post. Never loses her cool. Just continues to maintain her equilibrium. Somehow, it's the sea of mong. She just remains irrational saying wonderful person. We're going to miss you, too, Mabel. So that's Terry and Mabel and Leah. Anybody else? Are we, our friends at the coast? We already said goodbye to them in Goodwin's. I mean, Wendy Bennett, we're going to miss Wendy a lot. We love those nasty drawings and pictures she makes of Johnny Dolan. We're sure going to miss Johnny D'Arch because Johnny is a halabagajani, can he to meal, man? It's one thing he can do is eat a meal and stick out that puppet of his man. There ain't nobody even said it clause. Can't stick out a puppet like Johnny Dork. Not to mention, of course, those shirts. That's the one thing that keeps me looking like a fashion played around here is Johnny D'Arch. Make no mistake about that. See it do doze, Johnny? Or is he playing for the dolphins now? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Sir. I just wanted to give you a fill spy report. Yes. A fill had his first show last night. Yeah. The internet is buzzing. Yeah. The name that shack was on his show. Yeah. And so let me say something for us. Let me say something. Yeah. And so it's a program manager who said that Mr. KFI who Phil replaced was cheating on his wife. And people are filing lawsuits against Phil even as we say. So in other words, he's only been on one night and he's already got lawsuits going out there. Nice God. Bill, all right. He's got the internet humming. Great. So if I could have a shameless request, could we hear a parliament light? Parliament light. Yeah. You know, convenience store. I know what that is. What does that have to do with, you know, I kind of lost you somewhere. Well, that's right. We can't play that because it's over the other building. Ah. Okay. So if you want to marbur us or something, we might be able to help you up. But no parliament light. Maybe tomorrow, pal. Okay. And have a great light. I kind of lost him somewhere there. But right after we said something about Phil Henry and lawsuit. Yeah, we sure miss Phil Henry already. But you know, this Rick and Suds are getting a tremendous welcoming there any afternoon. I don't want to mention that some friends of mine are turning over to Hank now. But there's not a one get Rick up. Said he takes all these things very personally. And spite of his feverish denials. We know that he takes it personal. Just business and he's taking it personal. We do have an open line and Dave won and Broward won in the green line. I'm not going to dignify you by giving out these numbers today because this is my last show. And we'll be using these numbers tomorrow. We've got all brand new numbers. And I don't know about you, but I'm always very enthused about having a great new number myself. Tomorrow we got all new numbers. We got a whole new studio. We got a new outlook on life tomorrow's like the official the official separation. We finally slice away that unbillicle cord. Oh, and you know who's going to be very upset. Did we mention Cheryl? Jesus. How the hell could we leave Cheryl out? Oh, later. Okay. Well, mentioned Cheryl later, George said. After the coast is clear. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You got me. You got him. I just want to say something real quick. You're with him. Tell the total listeners. Yeah. Please. If you can't speak English, don't do it. Just don't call. I can't take these people calling them trying. I came barely understand what they say. I know you can't really understand what they're saying. Sometimes that's better though. Yeah, right. But it's just please don't do it. That's all I have to say. Anyone who can't speak English out there don't even bother. How about we put them out of banana boat? Please do. I want to be able to send them to Haiti even if they came from Cuba. Send them to Haiti. I don't care. Just please don't do it. Okay, pal. Okay. See you at the big round table this weekend. We have an open line in day. 7.5. So Phil Henry is already creating all kinds of chaos out there on his first night at KFI, which he just started. I believe last night from 9 to midnight. Western Pacific time. And already they got a lot of very unhappy campers out there. And that's great. Keep them busy. Keep those bastards busy out there. And see if the cops people can really stand the heat. Okay. That's what I have my dad. That's why we got to eat on IOT now. Now that Paxon bought the heat because the Paxon people, they can take the heat. The cops people, they put on a good act. And by the way, Neil, don't forget. Don't say anything bad about the cops people because we have that commonality of interest. Yeah, that's right. That's right. My attorney had a call from there attorney. You know what I'm talking about? Like in Washington, down lowness like Michael Hayes. The cox attorney represents the cox. And said, you know, because there's that boy Gary thing is still floating around that lawsuit. And then that Larry justice thing, which even though I'm not a part of a course, that's floating around. And so we have a commonality of interests. Now naturally not being having a death wish. I'm not going to say anything. That's going to in any way possibly interfere with either one of those pieces of litigation in any way shape or form. What would be the point? Or the brine conks litigation, even though I'm not involved in that in any way shape or foam. But other than that, the idea that I'm going to say nice things about the cox people. I think is really stretching the point. I think it's really ludicrous and very juvenile unrealistic. Let's get into the real world, Michael. Okay. Let's take a look at what it's all about. Because you'll also be on the list, Michael Hayes. I mean, it's just, it's not a question of if it's just a question of when. So hang out of that Vaseline jar very, very, very tightly. Don't ever drop it. 10. 55. At WOD, one hour down, three to go. As the realization begins crystallizing in that little part of my brain that's still functioning. That we're going to be mowsing out of here in just three hours. Never to return. Never ever to return. Sorry, Terry. Why didn't come see us? That would be a much more pleasant environment. See the people over there all happen to be real nice. And they don't hold any grudges yet. But yeah, it'll be great. And then, of course, you can see what a real radio station looks like. I know I just discovered it in the last couple of days. A real radio station with real equipment and real engineers and real, oh, man. I mean, you know, when somebody when the outsider comes in here and takes a look at this place, oh, boy, look at this. It's pretty good. It's not the worst, certainly. But it just could have used a little updating, a little maintenance, a little something to work with the last two, three years that we run out of time in the DCS that we've like been doing shows out of a box, out of a bag, out of a sack, out of a broom closet, out of a cabinet. Hey, Neil, can you play a set? Yeah, okay, wait a minute. Let me look through these 600 discs over here on a floor. Now they're not over there. Let me look through this crap on a ceiling. Now that's just among an events. Let me look. Yeah. So there really hasn't been the desire because we're a pain in the ass. And, of course, we do take people for these long nasty rides up and down the old rollercoaster of life. And as a result of that, we don't want to spend any extra money because we can't make any money. We want to make the money. We want to make the big bucks like at WSUN in Tampa, which is now a simultaneous FM slash music all day after running Rungo off in Tampa. Which I think that epitomizes what this company is all about. I wish them the best of luck. I really do. 1050 did that sound sincere. What? 1056 at WIO did talk in entertainment radio. 610 WIOZ Miami Fort Latterio. This is the Neil Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? It's new from these discount productions. Yes, potential car thieves be on notice. You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal with the piercing sound of the all new macarena alarm. Yes, of macarena alarm. Get yours today. 1101 at WIO. Do you happy Tuesday, Tua? It is Tuesday. Kind of loose track after you get involved in the like all the other stuff that's going on. You've got this momentous task of transferring like 70,000 carts and crap and stuff. But it's kind of like a project. It's kind of like a do it yourself project. Thanks to all the packs and people again by the way, you guys are great. Man are they great and say oh, and if a word for them, trust me, none of this would be getting done. Because well, we'll get into that tomorrow maybe. We have two open lines in Dayton, two unbrowered. How do you like that? I'm not giving the numbers out already. You know the numbers. It's your last day for those numbers. You're last day for this building three hours to go and it doesn't really have any impact because one thing about this town, no matter where you're broadcasting from, no matter from whence you're emitting the sounds, the audience they continue to be actively indifferent. That's what 20 years. And it's been no different. I mean, the people have come and gone. They've croaked. They've been born. They've moved out. They've come back. They've gotten off there. But an about whatever it is. But the one consistent thing here is the phenomenal active apathy. The people who work 24 hours a day, even while they're sleeping, to be indifferent towards human suffering, toward need toward anything. I congratulate you on that. Here's sunrise on a purple line. Hello. Hey, me, how are you doing? Okay, sir. On the last day here, wish you luck. Thank you so much. Would your route to work is going to change now? Yes, it is. For better or for worse, you can drive about 95 now, huh? You have a not very far. Yeah. Very, very closer. I'll say a prayer for you. Say a brahap. Okay, pal. We're more saying. Yes, sir. No, no hype for the Buffalo Bill this week. Starts kind of quiet this week. Well, why not? We're getting rid of all the malcontents. Now, all the people that didn't do the job. We're going to have a lot of kids out there. They're going to play with enthusiasm. The people who are going to be realistic dolphin fans are going to understand the what I said at the beginning of the year. Eight and eight and a nice 500. Eight and a fair. Yeah, that would be good. And let's stop all the belly aching and all the crying. There's Danny with the injury. I mean, with all the odds against this eight and eight would be fine. If we can't sneak into the playoffs, that would be spectacular. But let's give this guy a chance. And I think it's great that he's getting rid of all the dead weight. Right, right. What about the, you're going to start tomorrow at the new studios. Do you expect glitches or smooth sailing? Uh, both. If that be kid, it's going to be fun here. It's going to be great. Wait till you hear all the crap we're going to have in there. That's going to be great. Okay, pal. All right. Good luck to us. I'm going to be on a purple line at, uh, you know, the number. Now I'm not giving out any more numbers. I remember that period of time. A couple of years ago, 57 consecutive days, breaking Joe Demagio is record. Never giving out a phone number having every line in this board. Let's solid having an audience that was active and involved. Even if they had nothing to contribute, nothing to say, just that wanted to be a part of the passing scene. Now the way this community has changed so much. I mean, oh, there we go. Again, that's right. That bitch that called yesterday. I know you're out there today. Sweetheart. You're not fooling me. The one that never listens anymore, but took time from her very, very busy life and day to call me to give me a song and a dance about what a bass dude I am. And about how all I do is complain about what a toilet this town is. I just make these things up. Sweetheart to be a bass dude. That's all. I just make them up as I go along. It's paradise here. There's nobody getting killed. There's nobody getting shot. There's no problem with a lot of dumb people running around out there. There's no driving problem. There's no problem. There's no, uh, political corruption here. It's just something that Neil gets on here and makes up to get a lot of people stirred up. I just made it up, bitch. A sweetheart. Boy, would I like to hear from her again? Because you know she's listening. Now that she's been made a celebrity, that's what they all want. They want to be celebrities. And no matter how vulgar, no matter how disgusting, how gross test your responses to them, it makes no difference because once you recognize them, once you put a stamp of approval on their forehead, that at least they exist as a human being. If even if a future a human being, then all of a sudden they're validated their life has significance. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Good morning Neil. When is Diaz? Happy last day to you. Thank you so much. And in the spirit of Bud Pax. Two hours in 55 minutes, but who's counting? Yeah, exactly. Who's counting the second? I think tomorrow an honor of Bud Pax and you will Christian the new building. Yeah. As it were. And I'm telling you, just a little bit. We're going to baptize it. Sunny Fox has come in by with a few bottles. Yeah, there's a certain motif running through the new, uh, what is called the new regime? Uh, I'm basically a lot of material from this morning's Ron and Ron and that was a pathetic call. That was so you did you notice that even Ron Diaz seemed to be like, uh, like, like, taking it back. Right, because on a one hand, he's got to assume the guys tell him the truth that the story about his daughter getting killed in the car crashes true. And on the other hand, here's this pathetic guy calling in who wants to make sure that she's okay by talking to a psychic on a radio. I actually turned it off at that point because his voice did sound true. And uh, yeah, something that I don't need in my morning. Right. I mean, no wonder Diaz and Warworks rake it in the cash. Yeah, I'm glad. I've listened to it. Can I have a little Godfather music please? Uh, well, you know, it's interesting that we're actually able to find a few things in here. I feel like that. Thank you very much. Yes, sir. Yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, while away some hours, I watched it for the 10th or 11th time. Magnificent. Godfather one. You got it. Three and a half hours work. All right. Fantastic. And I did get a new line that I haven't heard before. And I don't think you have it on a cart when Fredo is going to Vegas. Yeah. I'm going to learn about the casino business. Top. I love it. Yeah. Don't forget the pop pieces. I'm going to learn about the casino business. And then you go there. A little bit. Fantastic. One of the other great scenes with Fredo is where after a Marlon Brando gets shot. And he's sitting on the curb. Oh, he's brought his head in his hands and he's rocking back again. Can't even hold the gun. Can't even hold the gun. Right. That's right. He picks up the gun and he's like his hand is shaking. And it just kind of like dribbles off like a rotten apple core. Yeah. Fantastic. For those listeners that haven't taken the time, it's one of the greatest movies ever. I keep trying to tell people if they haven't seen Godfather released one. They're not even alive. They don't know it, but they're not living yet. But we know three is trash. What do you think about it? I don't agree. Don't agree. Some of the acting is trash. But as interesting the timing of it too, because now that this pop seems to be right on the edge of existence. And we're going to be seeing the smoke going up. They're going to be blowing a lot of smoke into Vatican again. That's right. Right. Michael Corleone is the same throughout the movies, but the Copa La D'Otter. It's hard for me to be in the room, which is on me. Yeah. She's enough to make you lose your anti-pasta. So you're commuted. It's going to just go in half. I'm going to tell you something. My trip home each afternoon is going to be 18 minutes instead of 40. My trip in is going to be probably 20, 25 minutes instead of 50, 55 or 60. And you won't need your liquid bullet. And I won't need my liquid bullet. And I won't be driving in a date county. And I won't have to wait my way to the banana boat people. And life is almost worth living. Alright, time for me to sign off. I'd like to call my business partner, breading, go hard and majorly do you make. And it's always deal. Get it. God damn crippling yourself. I'm leaving there. See you, Betty. Come in. Come in. Call the professor. See, I'm the one that doesn't say it. Okay, if you got that, I don't say it. Got it? Damn it. Because I, you know, I can use the cash. Hmm. Right? That's right, Julio. See, little did you know that I find some useful cards on the floor on the walls in the Uranus all over the place here. Some pretty, uh, not really interesting, but useful as in time killers. Look at that, it's 1109 already. Damn. That was good. That's a new one anyway. Got a new line today. Add a boy. You're working on it. We have an open line in a Broward 5249463524WioD. That's very good. He's expanding his vocabulary. He's probably, uh, got the message already for what we're going to be writing back to management on the marquee as we went our way out of this building. Also, by the way, owned by Paxton Enterprises. I just thought I would mention that, least for a dollar for one year by the Cox people, but still owned by the Paxton people. So don't be pushing us around. Here is a lot of deal by the sea. Hello. Just went and just found the way you were by the pierce. Come here beautiful. Do you know as you sail left in the wonderful island? You can barely hear you sound like this could be the last call. Well, I wanted to wish you a vibe, come here. Thank you so much. As you sail left from the island, dreams. And I was thinking that even the colonial family knew it was time to move. Exactly. And even Sonny got there to drive it over that causeway. And, yeah, I remember the first time I went down to the station, they were up to pick up a CD. Yeah. And I was driving down 79th street. And the beginning of one year, where I was going. It looked like the afternoon, the end of the year. It was a band that I had been years ago. Yeah, see, that's one thing if you're not religious, which of course I'm not. And you have doubts about heaven and hell. At least a hell part when you drive down 79th street for my 95, when you come east, you know, definitely there's a very distinct possibility. It was a frightening thing. Uh-huh. But in honor of you leaving me in the room, I was wondering if you could play the... ...Makarina Bannerissa. Makarina Ghanaria. Yeah. Which happens to be on a disc that as we speak is sitting over in the other building. Oh well. So tomorrow I'll work on it for you. How's that? Uh, thank you, Nieland. Enjoy it. You promised us, and I hope that you're first friend and garlic is a masculine friend. Uh, don't hold your breath. Have a great day, pal. Thank you so much. Well, this will have to do. A new, from these discount productions. Yes? Or digital car thieves. Be on notice. You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal with the piercing sound of the all new Makarina. Oh, no. I'm just played it, sir. Yes. Makarina along. Get yours. Today. Okay. It's 11. 11 at WOD. We have an open line of day and one on the green line. I just made it. You certainly do know the numbers by now after the 70, 80 years that I've been sitting here pumping and pumping and pumping them in the numbers as well. Here's a top 10 list. That's really pretty good about why day is better than brown. However, I don't do top 10 lists. Here's a Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. Point. Where are you? The heater up here. What is it? The range of a hater. Yeah. Listen. Did you watch the game last time between the devils and the flies? I saw parts of that. In fact, I saw, let's see, what did I see? I saw a little bit of that in the third period. Yes, I saw that bullet shot that Bruder missed. That I guess the defenseman might have gotten this stick on. Yeah, but I'll talk about a stand fishing. You hit that room. No, I did not. He says that. I don't watch stand fishing. Well, he said that a primo and coffee goes to the whale is that they're going to turn around some pre-moant crunch to the ranges for cold weather. Yeah. I don't think that's a good trade for horses. Hardford has got a death wish. The only problem with hardford is that nobody wants to play there. I know, but I know. I know. I know it's a crazy to give a primo and... Well, first of all, just because stand fishing or set it doesn't make it so. Yeah, true. Now, if we could just trade one of our running backs to hardford. And no seriously, listen to me. If we could trade one of the dolphin running backs to hardford and they do get Paul, they could have coffee and carine. There you go. Well, that might change their complexion. As long as the range is done, the channel has a pretty mollaby very happy. Well, I'll tell you one thing. You better go tell Luke Robotized wife to watch it. Well, I'm just giving it a little word of warning. Hi. The little caution, Lily, I'm a light there for the Ranger wife. How are we better win tonight? We're going to kick their ass, pal. I hope that I hope my shit don't play either. I don't know. I haven't heard, but I, you know, one of the interesting things that's going on now, and now that we're like in a total state of disarray, I don't really know if we have the capacity to find anything out that's going on in the world. I mean, no one is sitting in there and, you know, pretending to give you a little news once in a while. But as far as the messier situation, if anything happens, I'm positive I'll be getting a phone call, right? Great. But I'd say you won't be suspended because you haven't had your own. Doesn't do that to mess. I don't think so. And you know something, I don't want to give them any excuse. So let's watch and play and we'll still kick the rest. That's good. All right, Neil. Okay, me go. Take care. See you. We have an open line. Like I said, there's no point in talking about tickets because the game is sold out. They do watch it in your seat by 710 tonight for all the pre game festivities. Including, of course, the most important festivity at the arena tonight, the raising of the Eastern Conference, Championship, Bad Rene National, hockey league for last season. And I want my pants. Exactly. And I will do. Oh, he's going to be there. It's a matter of fact. He's going to be there with some free tickets from Bobby Green, sitting in a section far away. Thank goodness over any other side. But the Rick Rally will be there with a son. And some of us will be there with bells on and I'm positive that all those people in 106 tonight seeing the importance of this game, the significance of the great rivalry between these two sensational teams. I'm positive that they're going to be under best behavior tonight in our section 106 or else. Okay. I don't want to play a book boss, but like cut the crap. 1114 at Wiod. Who brought these in? But I'll re-brought these in, brought in a couple of cigars and look at that. Wouldn't you know that one is a, what is it? Is that a lecensiano? I don't know. It's a don Juan is what it is. They both are and you can get those in Mike cigars. You can get a sense of yados that's their house brand that everybody loves. You can get those bounces and get maconudos. You can get virtually any kind of really outstanding cigar that's ever been invented. If you want the cheap cigars, I mean, a real direct. The ones that are stale have been sitting on a shelf for like 20 or 30 years. Go to your drugstore. Go to some mom and pop cigar store that sells about two packs of cigars a year. And you'll find exactly what you're looking for. If you want the good stuff head to Mike cigars 1030 can concourse in Bay Harbor. Open daily till six Monday and Thursday late till 9 o'clock at night. They've been selling great cigars since 1950 in this town. That's why they're the biggest and the best anywhere in the universe. And one of the top five cigar and poorems in the world according to prestigious Forbes magazine. How do you like that? And if you want one of their great new catalogs, no problem. No cost to pick up the phone. They'll whip one out to you in the mail. And date County call 866-2277-866-2277. Pull free from outside of date. It's 1-800-9624-2427. 1-800-962427. If you like something round and firm and fully packed in your post, head to Mike cigar. I want you to entertain me in radio. 610-WI-O-D. Hey, Dan, do you finish that autopsy yet? I'm just starting. He's on the slab now. Oh, she's a hotty die anyway. Let's see, this ambulance report says he choked to death at Luigi's. Oh, scalpel. Is this a gag? I heard Luigi's is a great place to eat. We're track this right here. Yeah. The best in traditional Italian cuisine. Phone song. Sure. Sure. They've got homemade pasta, revioli. And the best can always in town. Oh, yeah. I heard all that, too. Oh, that's open to stomach now. Okay. Why don't you help me with this? I'll hang out a second. Okay, here. All right. See, is that real-scale opinion? Yeah. And look at here. The green and white clamsaw's. My favorite. Oh, wow. You know, looking at this great Italian food here, it makes me hungry. Why don't we go out to Luigi's for bite-to-eat? Why go out? You mean? I've got some forks in my desk. Hahaha. Luigi's Italian restauranty. Down, down, boistern's three. For the divest, the traditional Italian cuisine. Hey, past the cheese, you're. Hahaha. Dog, on boistern's street, huh? That Boston. It's a killer, man. Anyway, it's 11.19 at WOD. Have D in the Rick Alpo, left for Boston, by the way speaking to that, which we wish them the best to luck, but we already said that, especially D. We must be forgetting somebody. You know, I just feel remiss. I feel so. I was sunny up the street. We wish him the best, although I guarantee he ain't going to be there too long. Good luck to you, sunny. Keep plugging away sweetheart. You're going to hurt cut. And lose that Indian look. It's out. And who else? Sunny market. Oh, of course. We've thanked them Joe and the people of Flores, who've sent us over the last eight years, 8,749 dollars worth of food at least. At the very least. And it's been just fantastic to us. And there's another one. You know, tropical Chevrolet and Flores have got to be. They deserve a purple heart to two of them. Two of the very, very, very few businesses that have survived the last like 30, 40 years in that neck of the woods. So, Rice Go and Joe, we appreciate it all, and thank you, profusely. Here's West Kendall. Hello. Good morning, Neil. When is Diaz? Happy last show. Thank you so much. What is it? Happy last show there in those studios. Yeah. What else would you say? I was listening to the, to the Ronan Rancho and a couple of colors were more than one. We're asking for the, the reappearance of Don Shula. All of a sudden. No. They feel that. Oh, no. Yeah. You got to be. Oh, yeah. They, they, one guy wanted to get down and pray for Shula's return because they felt the Geneacans got a raw deal. I just wasn't conscious. Yeah. You know, something that dolphins in their fans got a raw deal on Sunday from Geneacans. Yeah, absolutely. Who messed up the coverage on that last play on the touch Don Pass from that five year old quarterback that frees kid for the sea hawks. Right. He just consistently disappointed and stuck the joint out. Jimmy is not going to sit still for that kind of mediocrity. Right. And I applaud him for that. Right. We don't have room for dead weight. Right. Did you also happen to hear the show when the guy, I think his name was something read from Tampa Bay. Eric. Eric. He was a very articulate and literally. Did you hear that? He's, uh, he's not too happy about that 14 million over five or six years because he don't start for like five, whatever it is. And, uh, for a guy, his caliber can barely speak English language. That's pretty unfair. There, that conversation right there and itself. And I'm not saying Eric is the most in our articulate, but he's sure it is right there in the running. The fact that this guy is belly aching about how many millions he's going to get paid and when he's going to get it. This tells you what's wrong with America right there, man. Well, I was embarrassed to hear the conversation because obviously he wants that money because this guy can't come out and sell cars. Yeah. He's off the football field. Right. He wants the 50 million dollars in the bank because the way he was talking, I've heard fifth graders talk better. I was like, yeah. He just had no clue what was going on. Yeah. Only one. Watch that. Watch that big paycheck and he wants it now. So much. He wants it now. He wants it. Make no mistake about that. Oh, thank God that Brian Cox isn't continuing with his loud mouth disruptive behavior up there in Chicago because that's the last thing a horse crab team like the bears needs. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. Amen. How to great tape. Okay. Yes. People don't change. They just move from spot to spot, but they don't change. Brian Cox, he leaves. Here he goes up there right off the bat. He's on a crappy team which we already knew. Everybody else thinks he's great. He's dynamite. They don't have no F and heart. That's the problem. So yesterday he wasn't bad enough. He made the display with a finger in the hole deal on Sunday. Now he's talking again talking more trash about his teammates and they stink in a this and they didn't everybody else. Same old crap as we head down here. So basically Brian took more. Exactly. We have an open line and date. We got the pair on a green lines. Another one of those days here. What it is. It seems to be anything special on the outside. But then again, I don't expect you folks to be able to relate to the incredibly different things. The the pathos and the ethos and the you can't you just can't relate to unless you're here on the inside. Looking around these formerly full up she was surroundings. Now almost barren I would say. Does there happen to be a snapple in that back by any is that flora stuff? What is that? It's not food. It's good. He's hockey. We're not going to give away until we find out where where we can mail in half. Yeah. Oh, we got some good stuff but you're not getting it today. Or tomorrow. Or tomorrow. That's right. And George made a good point during the break by the way, which I've gotten to collected a mention since I'm so emotional here today and if you believe then. And that is don't be calling us with requests today. Now the guy the kid that want to hear the Castro thing. Luckily it's in the DCS. It's still here. No problem. Who's there? But I'm in. But I mean the odds of us finding anything. I mean this place is barren. We're in a room with four walls. A TV set. Thank God the TV still there. All of we got a better one over the other joint. And we also have our DSS hooked up. You do know that, don't you? We got the two DSSes hooked up over there with direct TV. We got those hooked up in the new joint. But generally speaking, we don't have quite what you call your great inventory of material here to dip into because it's all over the other joint. What is that? That looks like a plaque to me. It's a picture of a. Joven asking a fight. Joven asking with whom? Doesn't say. Well, I'll take a look at that guy's bearer up. But they're not telling who it is. It's 1124. Oh, it's Strikberg, how's he? Let me see that. Open line in day. Seven. I will always give the number out. Sorry. Talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Oh, the yod. That's right. That's right. We got to be careful. We don't know who the, the spy. The tattletails are over there. Do you know what I'm saying? Because they've been very nice to us. But the engineering corridors. They have one. They got 148 engineers at Paxon now. So we got to find out. I don't Max. He ain't going to be ratten on us. Max is a good guy because he drives a vet and he used to work on Zado. And smokes a good stoke. And smokes a good stoke. So we ain't going to rat on us. If somebody lights up a stoke over there once in a great way. Yeah, they gave us that crap to be against no food. There's no beverage in the studio. Right. Lighten up a little royal. Okay. Just kind of cut that little. If there ever were signed me twins, man, Mitch Ween and Roy Presman, there you go. God. All the, I think they must have some kind of a factory where they stamp out these these. And I think they forgot to separate those two at birth. Boy, they are joy at the hip. We'll let train the Roy the same way we train Mitch. That's okay. He'll he's up and loosen up a little bit. As soon as we do better than a two share. Which other than Zado, I think that would like probably beat the crap out all or other stations. Here's a poppin'o. Hello. So you're going to be working with Peter Boulder. That's right. And he happens to be a very nice person. I will be working with Peter. Yep. Well, they end up called the Boulder also. And they're looking to say Andy Payton and bring her over. Yeah. And, you know, box. I see that enough that truth. My cut you. She must see about a hundred and eight. I don't think a lot of people understood that she was actually even though on the air. She sounded pretty good. She was not a really nice person. What do you mean they did not understand that? I would have told at many, many times whether the people want to believe it or not. Well, I would have to front. Have a nice day. There you go. But the people inside this building who worked with her hated her like boys. Boy, I know. But the people obviously who are listening to you weren't aware of that. Have a nice day. Yeah. But you'll see there's a segment of the audience out there like the bits that called yesterday that got all hostile with me. I heard there. They're never going to understand that it's a radio show. Right. And that you can come off as sweet as Apple pie on the air and be a real idiot and jackass. Or you come off like a bastard on the air and turn out to be a pretty decent person off the air. It's a radio show. She was one tough lady. Have a nice day. Are you going to have the same power that you have now? The same power? Yeah. In other words, are you going to get out the same wattage? Well, we'll get out the same wattage. But the fact that we're going to have a new transmitter in two or three weeks whenever it's going to be in, I think it's going to sound the signal would be a lot better. No kidding. Yeah. Well, I think that's great. It's a family you were talking about that. So if you got you new on you. The January comes out in January. You come down January? Yeah. And then let me see, nineteen, ninety, eight. They're making the change over, right? No, this is the year. Oh, you're kidding. That's why it's coming out in January. Oh, is this the year that they're changing it? It's just 1984. Right. Oh, my God. Did you see what I looked for? That's the only thing that they're in price will probably be like that. Well, that's not really the first change in CD4 because the LT1 engine has only been in the vets a last couple of years, which I really had gigantic humongous change. Well, I'm talking cosmetically. Right. Well, I have you seen it. No, nobody has seen it. Oh, God, I'd love to get a preview of the darn thing. Man, well, Jack Lee, well, I'm sure when the first one comes out he'll be on his way up to Hollywood with it. He's not the truth. And it's not just a work I want to tell you something funny or though you may not think it's funny. I happen to know what Robert's Hall was like because I met him at WIOD when I was on doing a show with the, but the hell I can't, Jesus, forget his name now. It had any rate I saw. You'll Smith. Bill Smith. No, it wasn't Bill Smith. Dick science. Err, Schindler, Craig Worthing. No, the guy to went up to JNO. Michael Avine. No, my mind is going. No, he was on the Miller. Mike Miller. Yeah, yeah, right. We were talking about old cars when I mean, that's probably the benefit that was probably one of the last shows he did there. But at any grade I saw Robert's Hall in a restaurant the other day because he was there with Sandy Payton and I walked in so I know what he looks like. Yeah. And he was in a restaurant up here in Popano Beach and I was going to blow his cover, but then I figured not. Robin Worst in a restaurant, credit who's recognized by the people inside all the restaurants. So when he comes in, they put on like an extra special deal. Yeah, I know. Well, obviously, that's bad. Obviously, nobody has a clue what he looks like. And of course, I didn't blow his cover, but I mentioned to my wife. I said, hey, you know that is over there. And she's at know who I said. That's Robert's Hall. Yeah. So he was a critiquing a restaurant. But I would love to keep you all to myself. Yeah, thanks, Sandy. But anyway, right, it does look like he's in misinating meals. I'll tell you that. Really? Oh, yeah. Well, when you eat for free, trust me what I tell you. It's the way to go. You got it. Have a great day, pal. Good luck. Speaking of the way to go, you know what I think is going to happen in the next couple of minutes, George? Another momentous event. Do you know what it is? Well, just stop and think about it. I just ate some really delicious, but slightly greasy food from raise diner. Oh, yeah. The bathrooms on the same floor. That's right. The bathrooms on the same floor. It packs in boys, although very, very far away. And we have very short breaks. So man, get out your tracks, shoes. Get out your Nike's. Of course, do you know I'm going to tell you how far that Nike, this, this Infestation of our society, all over the world, not just in America. But on a scoreboard, on a hockey scoreboard, on hockey night in Canada, I'm watching because I taped. I went to bed like after the first period of the Vancouver Calgary Game Saturday night, the second game. And I'm fast forwarding through to see the highlights and low lights and whatever in the outcome of these late games. And sure enough, on the scoreboard, they've got the Nike logo in the upper right hand corner on hockey night in Canada. And I said, oh my God, can this really be happening to us? So I think right now, and I've been, you know, I would have preferred to avoid it this if I could. But I think I might just have to, well, my last dumb, at Wild, or table, my last jogged, I could go through this pool. Folks, I'd like to see the song about the American track. About me, about you. About the way our American hearts beat way down, about the heart chest. About that special feeling we get in the hockey spot. And to bowl the past, maybe in the subconscious. Maybe in the liver, maybe in the jaz. Maybe even in the corner. We don't hear it. But I'm just too redue a joke with a regular job. I'll be a rapper in two weeks, so for a midnight slow. I like football and cornering books about school. I got an average house. Where the nice heart would floor, my wife and my job. My kids and my car. Off to be don't mind saving. And I can't do this ago. But sometimes it's just kind of tough to keep a man like me. Just to go, no, no, wait. I know I've gotta go out and have fun. It's someone else's experience. Whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I try really slow. And give me hopes for fast playing. Well, people behind me are going insane. I'm gonna fool you. You're gonna fool you. Come on, I fool you. Come on, I fool you. I use public toilets. And I'm a seat. I walk around in the summer times. And I hold my fist knee. I'm gonna show you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna show you. It's a good year for you. And sometimes I'm in the handicapped spaces. Well, handicapped people who take handicapped spaces. I'm gonna show you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you. Baby, I should be singing this song. Ranking and raving and caring. Oh, baby, they're right for they tell me I'm wrong. Now I'm gonna show you. You're you, you're you. Come on, I fool you. You know what I'm gonna do? I wanna get myself a 1967 panel. I killed a rattle for birth. I think with a whale's in a hop-capped and all other cow in the area and think round baby, see you guys, grab headlines, yeah. And I'm gonna climb around in that baby. It's at 150 miles per hour. Just getting one mile per gallon. It's like an hour quarter, five or two years. Bird is put down. The old space is not by the greatest of all starable containers. And when I'm done sucking down those three-spall burgers, I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag. And then I'm gonna toss the starable containers right off the side. And then right in a cat dance, sing anybody can do it, but you know why? Because we got to Bob, that's why, two words, no clear. And we're in the wetlands. So guys, Russia, Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want. They can have a big democracy and take walk rights for the middle of the end of it square. And we'll make a look at different things because we ain't got to Bob. So dad, John Wayne's not dead. He's frozen. And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna fire out the zoo. And he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? I've been taking a cold shower. I'm gonna get a fly that by 15 million times. That's how pissed off the zoo's gonna be. I'm gonna get a zoo. The John Chesapeakeys and Lee Marmin and Sam Deconzoys and a cheese or whatever. And drive on a big seat. You know who really are now. But you just jumped into the sink that's so hot, Bob. Come on out. Come on out. Come on out. Come on out. Come on out. Come on out. Come on out. Hey. This is us. Thanks. Oh. L.T. Everybody. As us. Friends. Oh. L.T. I'm gonna ask all. I'm proud of it. So Cheryl says, what's tomorrow? She'll be like, I guess you'll be tuning in to fight out, sweetheart. I'm sure that it'll be blasting in the hallways just to keep them awake in this joint. 1138 at W.Y.O.D. I want to tell you one thing. My last dump in this building was a masculine dump. Oh, God. It was so rewarding. And I left some little advice for the employees on the walls down there. In fact, I just wrote a simple message on the restroom wall. It's not a question of if. It's just a question of when. And that comes in real handy. Like if we're on the atkins, you know, and you're reeled bound up inside. And you're sitting there wondering, is it ever gonna happen? Just look at that message. And psychologically, any second, you should be rewarded with great success. By the way, thanks to Mike Silver is from going going going in on soft, sexy highway. Who said us a whole bunch of stuff. It says, here are giveaways for your listeners on your last day before moving. Surprise, Mike. We got two bucks from, and these bucks are great. They're like, got the pictures of the players. Not actual photographs, but they're like, well, I don't know what they are. Are they drawings? What are they are? Of Jofo, B'sir, need of our screw-let and melon B. Let's see, now between that bunch, and need of mine's got two, screw-lets got two, melon B's got two. There are six schools right there in the first two games. And I think B'sir's got two, a big, big pair. It's a Stanley Cup championship puck. How do you like that? It's got Jofo and Oskie on one. It's got the, like I said, the other guys. So we got, how many we got of those? Which we're not giving them away today anyway, so just to get out of here. A bag. We got a bag for them. And we got some really nice plaques too, by the way, which I'm keeping. Thank you, Mike. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. Miami on the purple line. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. That's okay. I apologize. I was out of the vehicle for a minute there. That's all right. I was out of the room for two and a half minutes, too. I hope your time was spent as well as mine. It was. I just watched my hands, too. All right. I want to make a real quick comment and reference to some of these games. Is that me? Yes, sir. Most of us that were out there. We were getting our butt soaked. Right. I was, I was soaking wet and I think the performance of the team was not bad overall. I think Erickson played fairly well. There was a few funnels because of the rain. Of course the bog is wet and it's hard to keep up with that ball. And I think the, the Jimmy Johnson, he did the right move getting ready to get in the back. Hey man, it might be a couple of more players that need to get, you know, he's to get rid of him. Like JB Brown, right? I'm sorry. Like JB Brown. I think I'm the top of the list. Yeah. And you know, he's people have to get used to Jimmy Johnson. I don't think he's a type of coach that he likes to lose. Why he's got those two rings on us because he likes to win. That's right. He's not going to sit back and keep a bunch of losers on a team. Guys, they keep screwing up over and over again. And keep in mind, a guy like Gene Atkins with his experience, he's not going to get any better. You know, I'm saying in other words, he's not a rookie. He's not somebody who at this stage of his career ought to be learning. He's either going to do it or not. And he's not getting the job done. And he's gone. And that's it. And I like that approach. He's slowing down. And, you know, when you get the glory, you get, you're the actual son of a, as well as young when you're 20 or 25 year old, you have a male. And I think that's all I want to say about the game itself. And last night, on a watch part of that, uh, the, uh, that dolphin, So they have, I can't stand it with that hand go, Boggander. Yeah. Yeah. God is he ugly. I've never seen somebody as ugly as he is. Yeah. I turned it off. Some of us have a face for radio. The Humper has got a face and a body for radio. He's got the face like a hit-la. Are you got a cart, you've got a cart, somebody says, Oh, he's not only a fatty. He's a head of a bottle or something like that. Something like that. Yeah. It's not just a pink goldberg. It's a hippo pot of a. Yeah. He looks just like one. Yeah. My daughter has a little book. I think I'm pretty good book. And I want to look up face. And I got a one. He looks just like one. He's a monster in the gambling business. Make no mistake about it. Yeah. Listen, uh, another thing. Another thing I met Smith and Joseph Gackie on, uh, together on QAM, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You can't complain about the personality on that show because they don't have any. I don't know what a pairing that is. I don't want to say about the end of the game. I just sent the radio off and put some noise. I cannot listen to him. Another point I wanted to make us is you guys is normally give our good stuff away. Yeah. But most of your freebie listeners that they like to go pick up the stuff. Not only close to them, cause all I got to do is get up on 95. There we go. Excellent point. We can, you know, something we can throw it over the fence right out of 95. They don't even have to come into parking lot. That's actually actually. Have a great life, pal. Good. Good. Thanks. What do you say? Good. Here's a rumor who's going to be on briefly. Hello. What's up, rumor? This is a rumor. Remember, step to first second. I'm on hold for. Who's all lost? Paul, pause. This is a setup deal, okay. No. I haven't been. Yes, it is. This is a setup deal if ever. Well, it's not. How can you possibly be hanging around with that guy after what he said about your anatomy? I mean, I'd be embarrassed by that. I don't know. You're using looking at me a little weird. That's what I'm saying. Well, you know it. Come to stick with Denise, okay. They make you do what they make a dashing couple, yeah. He, uh, you sound no, they had a couple holes on his pocket. So he's going around to strengthen and find all those changes. Yeah. No. You're supposed to be on the line as feeling the change. But nice trip all. You can 80 in his man you slay me. I know he yeah, yeah, see you around. Hey, okay Kicksamass tonight Paul get that Samuel sin. Yeah, first one all right. Okay, but Anyo yeah, it's rumour hang on Okay, 11. 44 well we're up against the break now. I can't I'm already two minutes behind Hillway You think he's going somewhere? Boy, what a set-up to your that was And I hope when we come back you don't make any more comments about the guys penis is on the team I mean, that's that's like something they would do on the worst team Talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D Right for a be seen right or with the hockey news they don't come any better than you'll ride 11 48 a W I did thank you so much for waiting, Rimmer Well, did you expect anything else? No, I know you're not going anywhere. Are you so pretty bad who's doing a game tonight? Obviously this the show Must be kicking some butt because it's a lot of commercial time Anyway, yeah, how are you? Great. I just wanted to call you and kind of an offer to suck Set the see I there's no sucking there. I'm just Speaking in in in real is an offer to suck yeah And enough of these set-up calls to by the way well, there's no set-up call. I had to run out Yeah, get some information you had to run Uh, okay, honey. I had the same problem. What's that? I said I had the same movement just moments ago So it goes to shoot a great behind mines work a like well, let me just tell you I had to run away for a sec and get some information because you you you wind and complain I didn't tell you about Ray Shepherd when he was hurt who's not on tell me somebody else's heard No, in fact, it's good news tonight with a season opener and of course the banner raising tonight Ray Shepherd will play tonight really. Yes, woo Heavy duty that's some big news here at the that's right new factor The Panthers practice facility so who's gonna be sitting nude? I would think it'll be Brad Smith. Oh, that's right rookie. Yeah And it's not because Brad played play. No, he played very well, but the rookie's always you know They'd get a little bench time. Yeah, but the good news is the gray And I talked to him here just a moment ago. In fact, that's why Paul was holding for me Ray said that they told him soon as the pain went away. He could play the pain's gone away Great medical clearance. Like yesterday practice. Are we gonna be dangerous now? Just stop and think that we want our first two games on a road against two pretty Highly touted teams without Ray Shepherd our leading goal score and we were all for 10 of the power plan I told Doug McLean. I said we've got the McLean show coming up later this week and if you don't want some severe criticism You've been to get the power play going. I want to see Strocha out there and at power play with shepherds, but I want to see well Ray Shepherd is playing tonight he'll play alongside the stew barns and Let's hope that the Panthers can score in the power play and make it 3 and 0 with the banner raising tonight It's a historic night and we heard anything about Messier and self-war and no the Panthers are waiting to hear But you have to understand the Panthers won't hear Other than from the media because the Rangers will be notified later today whether or not Messier will be or won't be suspended Yeah, of course made the trip with the team last night Is practicing at the Miami arena right now and of course He'll learn later on this afternoon from Ryan Burke whether or not he'll be suspended my feeling is now As unjust as it is he won't be he should be well You know something like I said it to a collar before I'd rather than he did play because that'll want any Ranger fans crying excuses, you know I'd like to beat him with our full team against their whole team and we'll beat him right down to the ice We'll just pulverize Well whatever it takes we got you can I'm gonna tell you again my character nine goals in two games not too great a I think he shot his big load in a world cup rumor so to speak yeah all right and and listen to this one rumors rumors here we go If the shattahandel goes through rumors rumors if between Detroit and Hartford yeah Hartford will flip flop coffee back to the New York Rangers. Yeah about each for cover law for cover That yeah, we already heard that yeah, too bad remember we already heard that like an hour ago anyway Well I didn't you know who started the rumor don't you Stand a fish Larana a devil game last night Really yeah, he's he's another party my copy started because now stand fishler started it you know He's the same guy that said that we aren't going anywhere. He don't know nothing about anything There you go No more need be said and it was sure nice in the flyers Beat the last I beat New Jersey because now they both lost again. They're both like one and one and we like that But I just don't understand one thing. I think it's great that the pastors don't get the respect of from the national media that they should We didn't last year and you know something well nobody here cares about that We don't care about the national media We don't care about the magazines about all these picks all we do is you know care about going out there and seeing them play great every night And winning the games. That's exactly we know how good they are Exactly exactly, but I can tell you that the hockey teams you talk to the coaches you talk to the players They'll tell you how much respect they've got for the Panthers They're not taking them lightly and that's more important quite frankly. Yep. I envision tonight not only is gonna be a great night with all the ceremonies and the festivities but boy. I just In vision a real Nasty it's gonna be rough like it's gonna be a tough game the lights go out at 7.10. They want to everybody in their seats And cry and I might add what time are messieries and lights gonna go out Samuelson made probably about 7.45 I said I want everybody quiet in the Roger section tonight watching the game Yeah, you especially have a vested interest in that having us since you worked so feverishly to get me those great seats And those great tickets so You're certainly responsible for the behavior of all those people in 106 tonight as usual. I'll take the blame. Okay No problem. I want you to tell your good friend Dean Jordan a little thing about public relations I'm sure you must have read his comments about the game beat on 33 tonight Actually, I talked to Dean about it last night and he said well, it was always gonna be on air We didn't do it because of the TCI thing. We didn't do it to try to please anybody see even if they didn't do it You do the smart thing like our friend Rich from a sports channel said yesterday and you know you kind of like Guildaluli a little bit you say well see how nice we are We're paying a money which they are to put it on 33 so everybody can see it and you don't have to deny You don't have to confirm or deny it. Leo don't take it out of context the point that the Dean's making is hey This is great But and I'll put it so good bonus. It's a bonus that in fact the TCI subscribers are going to see it But Dean's point is this there are a lot of people in self-warra that don't have cable right all right So the idea right what if they don't have you HF exactly but One thing yeah the Panthers right from the onset They wanted to make sure that everybody in self-warra had a chance so way back before this TCI thing ever became the issue that it It was the Panthers always had in their mind that they were going to make the game available to everyone in self-warra And that's the point that he was making thank you Dean not I'm sticking up for the guy because that was We know why you're sticking up for because you work for him don't start with his crap while you're sticking up for We're always going to stick up for or a nail your You're getting flustered you're getting flustered now. I think Paul Oz got you with a feeling of change line Where there's no sense there's no feeling I know why you called it a two because you heard me talking to me for about how all our stuff is over in the new building Yeah, and you know that all our carts and all our other stuff is over there And I can't embarrass you by playing somebody else's goals on here. No Mike Lang stuff over here What did you tell me when you called me at home last night about what about the first two broadcasts? I said they were very good. I said you're no Bob Cole, but uh hey What was it I admired a knee pass ahead where we used black imagery He's a way you're more coming, but then he goes He's like that. He looked at the apples. He was outstanding. He was wild and the Leafs are undefeated. Not too many undefeated teams. The Leafs are pretty good taste. Neil has outstanding as Robby Needemar was in the weekend. Robby's just making his way home now. He's going to Robby two great shots. He really burched up an Ranger game boy. He was outstanding. He's a player. He can buy me dinner anytime he wants. He can buy me dinner anytime he wants. He's in your own. You can buy me dinner anytime. I know that. Absolutely. The good news. The good news. Thanks for the good news. There you go. There you go. It's 11.50. 56 in WIOD. Talk in entertainment radio. 610. WIOD. Miami Fort Latterio. There's a lot of people. But nothing of food. Well that's why it goes. Look who's here. Rocky Steven is in the building. Rocky, Ekateravaria, A.K. Steven Bauer, who's got new movies coming out. I came in a cigarette. I was going to have a problem. They had enough of me. I made trouble on the island. I didn't clean up after myself. I was at it. Now I'm living on Miami Beach. Did you make that damn scarf face move? You just been painting the ass. Well it's a daily thing. Everybody put the daily in the world. I was going to go with your gray hair. So Rocky is going out with an 19 year old chick. Now is what he said or 20 year whatever she is. Dump that other. 20. What's wrong with that? It's good actually because it keeps me. It's legal. It's legal. If you legal things you've done lately. There's nothing wrong with that. He's getting gray hair too. He just buried it for us and has chest too. It's getting kind of gray. That's because of my third wife. You were married three times. You might catch up with Larry King before you're done. I'm finished. In fact there's a bunch of people at the door that he still owes money to. So take care of Montenewian. So what's your new thing coming up? So I have a film called Plato's Run with Gary Buisier. Gary Buisier. Is he really as ugly as he looks in the movies? He's a strange looking guy. Yeah. Yeah. But he's charismatic. Yeah. That's always a good word. He's got good hair. Uh huh. And like you. And big teeth. Right. And he's got a rough voice. Like that. No. He doesn't really look like buddy Holly. But don't tell him that. But you know he's blonde and I'm black. You're black like me. Yeah. And I'm. So you're, let's see your Cuban, your Jewish and your black. Well, because it's just right now. See I feel uncomfortable because people, they don't call you Steven. Yeah. Everybody does Steven. Well, call your Rocky just, you know. Well, you can do that. You can call me because you're from the old days. Yeah. You know what's just on the Steven Rocky. Whatever the hell his name is, this Cuban. I was just telling that I still have a copy. I bet you there is anybody else in America that still has a copy of one of the old K. Pasa USA episodes. The one where you run around naked in the towel whole thing. And grandma was getting all bent out of shape. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't worn it out. It's not that all the compared to what he looks like. Now it all is gray hair on his chest. He was looking a lot better. I looked at the same just a little gray. You do look very much the same. You're fairly. Facially. I mean, you look, you know, he could pass for 50 probably. But uh. Last 20 pounds. No, seriously, you can read the faces pretty much the same. But uh, other than that. I'm ready for the next time. I'm going for the for the the whole Shabbang this time. So the name of this movie is what kind of intercourse. Uh, inter, inter force. This is one with Ron Germain at least. No, he's not. He's not. He's probably more here than you got on his body. That's good. Kidding me out is in this film. Yeah. No, no, no. This is a filming going to do a probably January here. Miami. Uh, Robert Brent, uh, grandest studios. And uh, we just made a deal yesterday. Is Dave Capri, you're going to be in this one? Uh, Dave. I don't know. I don't know Dave. Oh, come on, you know Dave. Wasn't Capri, didn't want to his movies. He had like a bit part like uh, is a, uh, huh? I'm trying to get one of the dolphins in it. There's a good thing. There's a different rocky. Rocky who? He's in a solos just the one movie. Oh, that's right. He was in what that's come back. I forgot about that. Have you ever been in movies with him? No, no, no, no. Probably no. No, but I might. There's probably no cash left over after he's in it. Or anybody else. You got to do, you know, you got to do it for the love of art. Yeah. Or the love of slyer, or something. Um, yeah, actually they talked to me. They're talking to me this week about doing a film that he's doing a Camu and his brother starring in brother Frank. Oh, great. How about his mother? She's going to be in there, too. She's just doing the, you know, the her, the nail lady, whatever. It helps her. The horse go. Yeah. The horse go. So now what's dolphin player we're going to get in there? You better make her. Oliver Louise. Yeah, Louise. Louise Oliver Louise is going to be a. He's got a half Cuban. I know what the other half is, but I'm not going to sit on the air. Yeah. No, Lewis. I'm not what you think. Yeah. He's going to be an actor. He's good. You know, it's interesting that he should be an actor because I think that fits right in with the ambiance of Louise. I think that's a perfect. What do you laugh about? What does that mean? Next to be making Troy eggman jokes. What? I want you to know by the way, and my dad said something that wasn't nice at all last week. Yeah. He said that there was a book written and he said something nice things about Troy's my idol. In fact, what do you mean some not nice things about him? Well, he said that Troy was single and he's a bachelor. You're a fact. Well, so why is that not nice? Well, I just, I mean, there's not no, no, no, no, no, no. It's just the point. The point being you think he is a fact? I think it's his business. Yeah. Nobody's business. He's not in his head like, yeah, I think so. At the same. What about Steve Young? Steve Young? What do they do with them having common? Steve Young and Troy Eggman? Are they both single? They both were both single. They both were number eight. They're both much too old have never been married. Really? I thought Steve Young had a bunch of kids. He's a Mormon, isn't he? Well, he's, the Mormon's, he's right in the bicycle real hard, but the kids ain't coming out yet. So it doesn't work that way. Do more. Do more men's have kids? I mean, do lots of lots of kids. Just ask Donnie and Marie. They don't dance though, right? They don't dance. They don't have time for it. Ormans dance. And they wear those. What do they call it again? The moon, the underwear, the yacht. The sacred underwear. The sacred underwear. Yeah. They get it. No, they wear the sacred garments. No, I see. The only time they take them off is to shower. Temple garments. No. Yes, and they got like a little hole, a little finesse to breathe. What is it? What are they doing in the locker room? I mean, they have to wait till the other guys clear the showers. Well, I know what Steve Young does in locker room, but that's. None of your business. None of your business. That's personal, like you said. It's none of your business. So, which often are we going to have Louise Oliver? Louise and I think his job is safe. He's playing pretty good. It's a good thing you were playing on. Gene Vincent. A Gene. Gene Vincent. Gene Vincent. Gene Vincent. Bob Ballou. You are getting the old archery. You inspire all these old memories in me. Um, I'll tell you what. Nobody ever says, I'm the only person that says anything about Capacita. You were say to you. Yeah, why? No, no. Actually, well, about every other week. Someone mentions Capacita say. So, when I say, hey, Jill, that's going to be a great day. So, what's today? Recognize me and they, today they recognize me. They said, Joe Mama. Over at a race place. Yeah. Oh, that's our crowd. The best food in town. Yeah. 70 nice. Oh, he's feeding you for free too, huh? No, no, no, oh, yeah. No, no, no, no. I know how you're sliding through. I'll have to let next movie comes out. I don't know how to all you out of work actors are. So, who else are we going to, you're going to out on here today? Let me think. Let me think. Comfort. Richard Gear. I did a film with Richard Gear last year. It's nothing new. And what did he do? I got it. Well, you know what? What was amazing was that he was just so, he was so great. First of all, I was very, it was a refreshing experience because he was very, very sweet. Why do you Hollywood, he was sweet? He was very sweet. But he, I got the distinct, he was a bit more of a say. He kept squeezing my cheeks and saying, look at that face. And I was trying to figure that out. I couldn't understand what that meant. Yeah. And then, and then one night he called me in my room. But I was with, I had a. You're 20 year old chick. You know, yeah, I had some other traveling companion with me. What does that mean? Traveling companion? Because you said before, but by the news was on, you said, you're feminine side is starting to come out. It is. I think that that's, you know, in the 90s part part of my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. Imminent, um, success. That's coming, uh, coming around now again, is, uh, because of, well, the carry grant thing that we talked about. Tony Perkins thing. You know, tab hunters still around. Tab hunting. Pretty old, but he and Tony were an item. He still has to, uh, here. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. It's real, too. I'm sure you probably died out of Tony Perkins. We're still around, but he's not to any Perkins and tab hunters. So you can tell us if you've ever done it with a guy, you can tell America that they're, um, your Cuban. So I'm sure the answer is yes. I'm Cuban, so the, yeah. Why are you? Because there's a lot of famous, uh, a lot of, very famous, Cuban, uh, bags. Yeah. In, uh, like who? Be-side-of-lent. The Weasemagallus, uh, Mexican. Weasemagallus, Mexican. Are you in, do you know the Weasemagallus? No, I don't. Do you know what's your name? Yes, I do. Do you? Yeah. And. And you do work? Uh, uh, I don't care. I don't care. Oh, you did do, right? Because I know the Weasemagallus. So it's your kid. No, no, no, it's not my kid. The father had three books. I was, uh, at the time I was in, uh, I was very careful at the time. It was only, uh, a weekend and can't kill him. Yeah, surround right? I don't even know what we're talking about. But I did her. The Weasem's alleged, uh, girlfriend. What's all of her name? What's your name? Jock, get the Daisy Fuentes. Oh, yeah, Daisy. No, actually, uh, Daisy and I just danced. I had a big crush on that. That's what the Weasem, too. We just danced for hours and hours and hours. On the, so, Earl Flynn, we know was a flag, yeah. He wasn't happy, but he used to go to Cuba. I like my father. It's because my father tells me about these, uh, he tells me about the, uh, the movie starts to use to come down to Cuba. So, I think we got a real scoop here today. The Cubans came over here, not to get away from Castro, but to get away from all the Fags. And the way things turn around, look at what happened on South Beach. Goes to show him how to Beach. You can't escape without Beach as, uh, as well. Yeah, well, well only Fags hang out there. Um, and cheap drugs like Steve Nichol. Who's that? Our program director. Oh, I hate what a griff. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah, I'm staying away from South Beach these days. Because, uh, that's why you're wearing a South Beach studio's t-shirt this morning. It's South Bay. This is Long Beach, uh, where I just got a South Bay. South Bay, South Bay, South Bay, South Bay, South Bay, South Bay. I've got another film coming up, uh, the Gary B.C. films cool though. It's shot here for a lot of deal. And he and I are like, um, mel and, uh, and Danny Glover. They were, and I don't for a while, but in, uh, in Hollywood. But that's really undercover. Which ones the out of control one? Yeah, Glover, of course. No, but he's doing YouTube. Mel Gibson's all show. I saw, you know, he just like, you know, he acts like he's. Oh, I know that. Everything knows he's a Faggaon. Everybody knows. That's, that's not even a content. But yeah, it's like lethal weapon, but, you know, but funnier. I sure hope so. Gary B.C. and I. Yeah. You know, he's, so he's still getting residuals from, like, a pasta and a scarf face. Why is everybody asking that? No scarf face residuals. No no residuals for K-Poss. Because it was, it was done with a grant for the, yeah. So I get nothing, zip. Yeah, 19 years later, still playing everywhere in the world. And, um, I, all I get is, hey, Joe, you know, in my car, you know, trying to run. Hey, aren't you Joe? No. Oh, that's wrong with that. It's a work for Buffalo Bob. Huh? It worked, it worked for the loan range. Did you see that? Didn't it pay the day for the job? More, he's 182 years old. It did not work for a George Rear. George Rear. And it did work for a, what's his name either in a wheelchair. He's not to do until. Did you ever do? You let that know. You let it and I were like, brother and sister. What about got me in Cita? Got me in Cita and I, now we're getting out with the big talks. We're even more like brother and sister. Oh, what's the point? Uh, no, I didn't do anybody on the show. So you evaded my old, uh, we have to answer you my question about your homosexual life style. Leaning's interest. I'm very, very interested. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, my feminine side, I think is, uh, I've been working on it. I mean, it's, I've been working. I've been nurturing it. Yeah. And, um, just, you know, I think that, uh, do I think you're way too old for me, Rocky? I thought you just, uh, you're, uh, you're welcome to the hospital. So sweetheart. I'm still, I have so a lot of time to be a poster boy. Yeah, in the 90s. Not with hair like that. They got some great stuff that they have on those, uh, infrastructures on the Spanish. I think you're not going to time right here. Ball, wax, you know, that you take it off like, uh, an inch at a time and the hair care. Oh, please, please don't do that. He keeps open. Oh, she's, how did he pray? This one. Anybody who, whoever is this, one of my level. Let me see a nipple just a second. Oh, yeah, that one looks pretty. I don't have a good. Yeah, that's a Jewish nipple. He's got a good nipple. But, uh, anybody who believes there's a God should come in here and look at this, compared to the day when you were walking around naked on a TV show with a towel around your waist that, how old are we on that show? 18, I was 18. And it was really good. And now he's, uh, oh, man. I'm telling you, you could not, the lady outside, uh, she said, she gave me that. Too bad you lost all that weight because you could have been around you and me standing, but I don't think you're double-jointed already. Probably try it a few times. Okay, let's do a break here and, uh, Stephen, the bower, inch of a rea, whatever his name is. He's hanging out here because, uh, a rea just gave him a free lunch. 1215 at WIOD, haven't. Talk it entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. 1218 at WIOD wouldn't you know that there'd be some big radio news on the day or final day of doing the show out of this studio? And here's a little clue. See a buddy? It says the Federal Communications Commission handed an $8,000 fine to WVICFM and East Lansing, Michigan for a salty language on a morning talk show. Now, isn't that where he came from in the first place? When the boy Gerehyder, I'm pretty sure that's where he came from and he's back at the scene of the Cranican. The penalty arose from comments made by honor callers during a June 3rd show hosted by Jazz McKay. See a buddy? The callers used defensive words while discussing oral and anal sex. Wow. The FCC is banned by Povaz. The first time a state has been penalized for a in-decent season since 1994. Wow. So there you go. I think jazz is right up your alley. See a buddy? So to speak. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Boca? Hello. Gone? Yeah. Thanks for a kill on the show here, Rocky. It's great. Everybody had a full board of calls and the bizarre part. You know, something I must have done something really evil in my life because Rimmer was on here, who usually blows out the whole board of calls drop off. Every time he comes, I heard him. And they all stayed on there. And I thought, gee, this is a breath of fresh air. Then Steven sits down here to shamelessly plug his movie and I'll grab the great for the free lunch. And everybody is dropping off here like flies. So it's obvious. That's because nobody wants it. They don't want to know all the dirt. That's obvious that they don't remember all your great flicks like the heart. See for hearts. That wasn't good movie. Yeah. That's a good film. And the beast, the beast, the one about the scarth and the skin. Scriplists. Yeah. And also what he did was put it for walking. Doing you up the butt. Almost. Yeah. He got a close call. And I just got through reading the thing about jazz McCay. See your buddy. And right away, you're starting with references to, you know, let him do that. Okay. He can have a kiss walk. And I do a scene. Half of his improvised work where he catches me with his with his a protege with his a paramoire protege. A girl named Anne Hage. He's coming. She's a coming star. Yeah. And she's coming along. And she. And he catches us. And he goes. You. And I'm his valley. I'm his chauffeur. But I'm actually a stick. I'm actually a cop undercover. And I'm getting ready to bust him. He's the biggest money laundering in the US. Right. And it's a movie called The Wild Side. It's playing. It's playing. It's on showtime. It's a real. And. And I did that last year. And Chris Walken is out of his mind. Right. Yeah. And we do this scene. And it's all improvised. And I'm a boom boom boom. And he and I hit it off. You know, we had great chemistry. Chris. And because I can follow that. And he. He catches me and he goes. That's it. That's it. You. And he says. All right. Drop your pants. And he's holding a gun to my head. I go. Come on. Come on. You don't look like that. Beaty. Drop your pants. Yeah. He says. Drop your pants. And he goes. And I say. What are you going to do when he goes. And he goes. Just bend over on. And then that's her. That's her. That's her on. On MTP. Let's go ahead. And he gets ready. And he gets ready. And he's. And he's. First he tears off my Calvin's. Right. And he goes. And he rips them off me. And he says. I paid for these. They're mine. And he. And he slaps me with them. He spanks me with them. With the. With the. It's a great scene. You got to see. Yeah. Oh, cut it out. Come on. Stop it. And he goes. I go. Come on. And he goes. That's it. All right. I'm ready. And he has a cigar. A big. A big tobacco. Well, that's what he's going to use. And he. He drops his pants. And he's getting ready. And he goes. All right. And then he slaps himself. To wake himself up. I'm waking up. Yeah. Right. And he goes. Christopher Waken. Yeah. And I go. And he goes. You boss. Come on. Don't do this to me. And he goes. Yes. I'm. I'm going to do it because to discuss myself. Because because you. So does he do what or not? He's. He's about to. And then John Chen walks in the room. John Chen. Damn. And she goes. You're a. Pig. And he goes. And he goes. Oh, honey. You're. Bad timing. Yeah. I was just teaching him a lesson. And you had to see the movie. Brack him. Hell. It damn their kill number. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? OK, sir. Neil. I ran into Stephen Barrett's. I was in the A-Spart where I had a full. I was looking for some nuts. Yeah. And I swear. And you know something that's what he was looking for. Two out there. I walked up to his work and I had a little apron on. And I said, I'm looking for some nuts from for this. He beats. And then I looked at him. And then I looked at him. And I was just seeing. And things got in this bad map. Working in our hardware store. I was that was me. That was me last year. You're right. I was doing two weeks. Ten, as they. As is the place for the helpful hardware. He was. It was. Undercover. I'm. I'm. And my. That's. That's. That's. That's. But you know, I do those things. I was. You told me the films you were going to do. But I was. I don't know. But it was. I know how people feel is a pleasure running into it. I find it where you live. You know, I might stop here or something. Yeah. I was just in the music. Because it's a pet shop. For instance, you're becoming, you know, you're leaning in that. I love the pet shop. Right. And this is that great video that I'm always getting real nervous about. But anyway. Anyway. Well, see you at the game tonight. Okay. Palabi there. All right. And that's even. It's the sucker out for Ranger tickets. I, we know. Got no Ranger tickets. Okay. But don't cut no stick in a hockey ticket. Right. I'm going to get in anyway. And I'm going to come. Bug you in your section. In the. Yeah. You're right. Seems like you got bugger on the mind is what it sounds like to me. We got two open lines in Brower and one on the green line. I'm sure that we got a lot of young ladies out there who are still watching reruns of K. Posse USA are probably on issue. A lot of old guys who are watching the reruns. Here's a Jupiter. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Like speaker Rocky. Yes sir. Rocky. All right. It's got to be got to be somebody from my school. Actually I'm not, but I work with date county fire and a real real real nice guy named Mario Gonzalez. You know him. He knows you. Refresh my memory. He's in. Well, he's a farm and also and he speaks very highly of you from school and that's an anyway. He was never my roommate. I didn't say. I didn't say roommate. But he does have a book coming out. The name of the movie where you are hunting down. I presume it's Palestinian. That's right. Sort of Gideon. Oh man. Great film. Great movie. I love you in Scarface and thank you. You're, I'll tell you what man. Keep it together. Yeah. You, you, you know it. Yeah. Yeah. Love you. Enjoy your new place. Thank you so much. And I'm in Jupiter. Maybe I can get a little better reception. Well, we'll, we'll be strong to your rainers. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks buddy. Okay. Broward lines are wide open. Because Rockies here and the two on a green lines. But I'm not going to give those numbers out anyway. Because I know you're out there. I know you're all sitting there. Closet people. You're just fascinated and just speechless by the sea. By all these revelations. I've found a hairy grant junior. Or is it a net hunter junior? I'm a color here. Here's coral geables. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Rocky. Yemen. What's your name? Wow. What's your name? So. So. Yeah. I ran into a pet. So I'm a shepherd. My family. Sounds pretty Jewish to me. So. And I don't know. I went one year with Rocky. And I went two years with Charlie Bowen also. Well, that goes to show you what comes around goes around man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Rock, wager, you're the eye. That was. Yeah. I was in your math class in the Socioliano. Really? Mr. Socioliano. He's an interesting guy. Oh yeah. I know. He loved. He loved. He loved to be surrounded by. Careful. Yeah. Yeah. He loved. He loved me. Oh yeah. Yeah. And a few of the other guys. We also have clockwork horns. He took us to. He would take us on field trips. Oh, I never got in on. No, he was a great teacher, a great educator. Yeah. Yeah. I've got teacher to you. Yes. Really? Yeah. So to my mom. For your problem growing up was that as a jubin, you missed out the pleasures of being molested by your priest. It's like a lot of the young. I know what. I bite this much though. I mean, how much? By that much. Yeah. Rocky, I never knew you were Jewish. I'm one quarter. My mom's dad was a German Jew. Oh, okay. So that makes me, you know. You're parents still a little rapper? Oh, yeah. They still live here. Yeah. Yeah. They're both, uh. They're here. Yeah. I know a lot of your, uh, who's looking like a one of your own girlfriends. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The halfway. Well, which one? Barbara. Barbara. Yeah. Never heard of it. Yeah, right. Not by name anyway. You didn't know. Oh, yes. I remember pool parties. Oh, yeah. Smoking potton to the bridge. Oh, yeah. You should have seen Johnny Dough on it. West Miami. Johnny Dough on it. West Miami. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's the morning of Joc on it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So a bunch of a special around your bunk. A bunch of a special around our bunch of us of Cupback. See, they say you can't go home again. Oh, no. I still enjoy all your songs by watching. I got, I went to school with that guy. Thank you, sir. Hey, no problems. Good. Good. Happy circus, all. A bag. Okay. See you. Okay. There are so many men are calling. Huh? How come only men are calling? Because we don't have any women listen to the show. Not seriously. We don't. We had like four or five women. We're not going to do 100. Yeah. Predominantly male. Because most of the women in this audience don't know who you are. That must be it. No, no, no, no. Don't lay it in my eyes. And listen, not a day goes by. They go. Now we have to take those together. Not a day go. Goes by. Not a day goes by. That I don't have people. Women coming up to me on the street. And I'm in man saying what? And saying, but they don't call you the women don't call you. You're lucky. Let me see the hair. Let me see the hair on you. Do the women call you rockier just a man. Just a man. Just a man. Because they think that, you know, it's a more intimate thing. And then that, you know what they think. It's more intimate. Yeah. Look. And, um, no, no, I mean, my amy's really, I mean, this is the place for me. I'll never leave. You know, I mean, I only leave for work. You'll leave here. I don't have a heart guarantee of that. No, he's in a surprise to see me, though. It's pretty shocking. Well, I'll take you last day. Okay, dummy up. 12 29 and W. Do you want to do well? You're getting so carried away now that got to do the break for our good friend Mark Jacobson. If you're, if you're really a good guy, you might be on H.O. There's a good Jewish guy for you. Walk it entertainment radio. 6 to W.I.O.D. Okay, don't say that again. What you just said. Okay, 1233, where we're just talking about Brad Davis. We got some real good insight into that. Okay, here's a hearth sweet water. Hello. Hey, guys. Yes, sir. Rocky. Yeah, man. Everybody calls him Rocky. I want to school with him. All right. I'm sure. How is Ernie? Ernie's at Barnett Bank. He's holding it up right in that fact. He's probably listening right now. I must have the matching scheme as to you know, you came in with. Ernie's going beyond the Neil Rogers. Ernie, who? Ernie, my brother. Ernie, his brother. Ernie, Ernie's a big fan. Ernie, is your Variya? Ernie, it's a big fan. He said, you got to listen to Neil. When I came back to Miami, two years ago, he said, you got to listen to Neil. He mentions you. And I said, he mentions me. He knows about me. Oh, I still watered the intellect behind your pants out. You do. That's you making all those waves. I was over there the other night for dinner. And I was going, those guys on those, those, scooties or skitos or splurge. What are they called? What do they call? They didn't have to be getting my way when I'm trying to see. Oh, who are you, man? What's your name? Bill. Jan. My brother Bruce was in your class. Oh, yeah. I was in Roger's class. I mean, Ernie. Ernie's class. Yeah. Roger's class. Bruce. I remember Bruce. Yeah. Yeah, I bet you do. I still live in Fleetwater in the same house on the canal. Really? Yeah. So you come down in Warsky and splash my dog. But I remember that we had the cat's party from Oklahoma. You do? Yeah, you're a parents throughout the town. Oh, yeah. That was a bad party. That was a bad party. That was a bad party. I think somebody laced the punch. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was hooked on the pool. Everybody ended up in the lake. Okay. Well, Bruce, Ernie, whatever your name is, have a great life. Thanks. Thanks, man. They all love Rocky, man. They all have great stories to tell, but we'll probably never hear him to the book. Hi, I'm sorry. I was so shy though in high school. No, I was a warflower. Maria? I swear to God. You seem pretty shy and unassuming on that show. You seem like a real love, you know. Yeah, I was. You know, that show made me come out of myself that they, because the cast was, they were all pros and they were, and they just choked with me all the time. And both the men, both the male leads and the show were old from Cuba. They are old, act. They mean they were, they had worked in the show. Yeah, of course the show. Well, Ben Lock, I got to see if we could just wave a magic wand to make you look like you did the 15, what, however many years ago it was. How many years ago? I looked that way on. Not that you're getting ready to make the big move. I looked that way on in my clothes. I know you don't. I've already seen it. Yes, right. The nipples okay though. Not about what, it would be good if there was another one, but there's only one. Yeah. Here is Miami. Hello. Hey, it's celebrity Tuesday. Yes, it is. I've been waiting since before, Rimmer. Yeah. I really don't have that much to say. I survived, you survived Rimmer and Stephen Bauer. I just wanted to be part of your last day here on W at 79th Street. Great. I live in the neighborhood. All right. Well, my condolences. Did you go to school with me? No, I didn't. Congratulations. You're the only one I think. I have a friend who's Cuban who turned me on to that show. Yeah. I had never watched it because I just assumed it was in Spanish when I saw it in the TV. It was in Spanish. When I mean like every other word was English and every other word was a spickish. Would you help me learn quite a bit? Did you? Yes. And what is it that you learned? Well, I don't want to read it. The cubers are very repressed and uptight and the hippocritical about their sexual behaviors. That would you learn? I could've told you that. My friend told me that as well. So what you could've told you that? In return, I turned him onto your show. Neil. Yeah. That's exactly what he really did, right? What do you like learning about getting anything new compared to a TV UnHAsual dodgeball? Who's in her range? What do you like about a guy on the TV? You saw him coming out there. And you said, which is sort of like a fucking lie. Okay, yeah, I was jogging down 70 nice three and all the rules I've ever seen out for Chino play I've never seen him portray any kind of a sense of humor Did he have one what was he like to work? Oh come on you know you didn't see Scarface It's Garface. Yeah, I got a sense of hysterical. He's got the wildest sense of humor. Yeah, yeah I'm amazing. I mean like it just nonstop E and I were laugh. There's a there's a joke version of every scene in Scarface every scene Scarface We we were together like almost 24 hours a day for six months and every scene We had like 13 Versions of the of it that were just Improvise and funny. I mean he's not I don't thought he had a good sense of humor I'd like to tell you I'm fishing I'd like to see them maybe Dick Clark can do one of his bluepers on that or we don't want to know you got asked Brian Diplomis got him he keeps him in his closet. He keeps all the outtakes I think it's also got a famous Famous scene that was that didn't make the film where he put me in a hot tub in Keepis gain and BB reboz was ex house Baby reboz by the way loves this show. I don't know if you know that or not really even though well I'm not too crazy about Dick Nixon Did some filming out on on Kibis gain Elphide Jimbo's out there, right? Those little painted tracks some of that was filmed out there. Yeah, yeah right out there But we were in this house. It wasn't BB reboz house next door belong to some Colombian drug business man Yeah, you said it and and and And he put me in it's like four in the morning and he says okay Steve come on with your rocky come here He guys these girls girls you guys want you to do this scene where you're in a Yeah, man. He's in a hot tub and actually Koozy and You're all naked and There's some cocaine on the on the thing and there's champagne and you know, I want you all to improvise You're having fun with manny I was just seeing having fun with manny manny's having fun and and he's proliferated I think I'm being an understand help this new manifestation of yours has started to develop All these scenes that you're supposed to improvise is with the Christopher walking the taking your pants off and now You're improvising with some other guy No, no, no, no, no, they were ladies. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever you say Really, in fact they were told that they were gonna be in a scene that they were gonna be a lot of A lot of it was gonna be nudity and they were gonna be in a scene without patino But what they didn't know was that alpatino won't do nude scenes. Yeah. Oh, that would want to see that Oh god So they ended up standing up with me and the and the and the jacuzzi and I know I know for certain to Brian the palm of has that scene in his in his like private collection Because it was you know it was Ex-rated Anyway, that's my racy story of us Garface. Well, thank you and thank you Neil, thanks for everything I've been by for my share of freebies in the past five years great and Continue to call you okay now you have a little further drive. That's all yeah, okay. Thanks for getting a great day Hey, but okay, we have an open line of day. We got one in Broward. We got two on the green lines We got Steven Bauer here. We're gonna clock because I'm gonna save my last hour for myself The last no seriously wanted to it's gonna be a very emotional hour. I mean just lose it here. No, I got it One o'clock. I got a meeting down at Little River do you yeah, yeah clean this over Here's my Emmy hello Comment Leave it up. That's Garface. Yeah, great nice good good reading pal your hired open line of day one in Broward Here's a western how you don't Kim Yes, sir, Steven, I have a question. I just curious how do you resolve your Cuban and also this dull crap about the elitist Hollywood or the Hollywood elite as an average city was a Republican Well, I just curious to how or your family or your friends how do you resolve all that? What do you feel about? I Results in the episode five of K-Post of USA The tax on the Hollywood But you do the body about all the attacks on Yeah, it bothers me. Yes, it does it bothers me because Because most of it is just it's ignorance really. I mean You can't generalize you know about the Cuban community You know, I mean just it takes all types You know, there's a lot of people making a lot of noise and making fools of themselves And then there's a lot of people who really know what they're talking about and have a lot of passion in other words What you say is not all all Cubans play dominoes and then not all the Hollywood is this people They keep detecting all the time. Yeah, exactly How do you feel about the growth of the movie industry in South Florida? You still think it's uh, I mean what kind of vibes? You pick it up and it's gonna happen and and a lot of people has just gotten in Los Angeles last week and A lot of my friends are moving here. They're all looking for real estate here They're all looking to move to here I'm starting my production company next year 97. I think there's a lot for sale next to Neil App and plantation Yeah, yeah Hope to see you at the games tonight. You bet man. You go counters. I got any tickets for Rocky I actually I'm trying to do I do have an extra ticket, but I'm way out here and Washington like I said It'll be there. Thanks. See you tonight. Okay. You get 10 guesses who this next guy is this next annoying voice Let's see if you can guess who this boy is to You We segue from Mark Jacobs into this huh for where we'd we'd go and down Okay, yeah, man I'm here. I'm I'm not with you I'm No Better building I said that is college. I can graduation is on moving to a better building. You are too Is that the one but under building? No, it's not it's your old magic building. Oh, it's your magic building and sunny left us a few bottles We were half full so we're in good shape You want to know about that. Oh, I know that last I know that laugh Yeah, well, I plant this sort of synonymous with me in it Hey, I just call the city. You know I'm enjoying listening you guys that drive up 75 you're funny. Yeah, we're headed I'm going to do a TV commercial with the production central more water Another one the other was a weight loss games that he's into you know what that's all No, no, this is a Kindle Toyota card all right now. We're sorry. There's something that we can that's got some credibility That's going Cox are you still spit in that country crap? No, I'll even get that for a couple of weeks just to prove I could are you back on what are you doing? I'm going power to do six on the weekends and I'm down into the TV show every day Cox I miss you. I miss you too, Stevie And I love you. I love you too. I just wanted your birthday party. Yeah, that was that was nice That was different. All right, let's keep this part of it off to your guys All right, okay, Cox deal in okay Just on the day we were thought we were getting rid of Cox 1245 in WIOD Talking entertainment radio 16 WIOD 1248 in WIOD here's Barbara Hi there. How you doing? I'll go panters. You're right. Rocky has given Barbara. I want to Say that I'm very happy that you're in the midst of a comeback And I'm very pleased for you and I wish you the best of luck in this comeback I'm glad you're staying away from South Beach Gracias, and Neil has known Rocky is Rocky and Steven personally and professionally and He's a really great guy so Rocky hanging there and stay strong. I'm strong. I'll never good. Thanks, baby Thank you. Thanks, Barbara. Bye, Neil. See you Here's for Lauderdale gone. There they are. Hello For Lauderdale. Yeah, Neil. Speak to me. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to ask the question Working in Scarface with Al Pacino Steve I just I just been like his last movie with with Robert DeNara was he like his loud as he was in that movie I don't know he seemed like he just was when it went kind of crazy with Robert DeNara and that movie they did I forgot what he heat. It's called he Michael Mandrax. Oh, yeah, but yeah, I don't know. I kind of liked it I like what he did. I wanted to do that role though. I love that that's a green play Michael man role But no, I mean now is you know, he's You never know where he's gonna go Scarface. I mean he gets a vision of the character and of you know what the person's like and he just flies You know, I think you did a I think he did a pretty good job being you know Back-cube and I guess you know, I I thought that was a pretty good job. I oh, yeah I don't think I I mean I think the whole character and and I saw that when I was like I don't know was well, it's a while ago I saw when it came out like and I was young and it was it See anyway It I thought I mean he was more credible as a Cuban than Robert DeNara always is a Jew Oh well, yeah, right I don't true. Yeah, yeah, I want to run a time American. Yeah, not a good Jew noodles right Oh, I want to put a time Yeah, I'm so happy to Yeah, and then I just wonder like you know like if you if you like working with him I love it. I love it every day was an adventure He was like a big brother to me and It really took care of me was very very generous contrary to what most people think the big stars are like with young with young actors That being my first film and me being considered be taller than him He never he never never of stage reen. He always He always gave me the floor and gave me you know, he was great great great Yeah, how tall is he anyway Don't fight three Well, I mean because I I mean I it's so funny when you talk to my mom when you see some of the The movie stars in person. I mean I I I remember going to a Panther game and I saw this limits He pulled up and so that's just too long came out him man. I mean he's honest. I was told me He's not tall at all now. We hear that he's not too big as personally those have seen that movie Yeah, that's the one yeah, yeah, and Is your real is that your real last name? I mean it was at just a stage name All right, we're gonna go over this one more time. Okay When I was born in Cuba my name was a stem on a childhood yet like my father like my grandma That's what I want to figure out okay And when I came to Miami, his tailman became Steven because it's English and then and Rocky is the nickname my grandfather gave me because when I was born I was 11 pounds to 12 ounces and they said I was gonna be the next Rocky Marciano Kyle you could have been on jury springer Yeah big baby and and then uh powers is my mother's maiden name German Jew Tapioca You think you better to keep that kind of name and my it was my dad's my dad's advice When I went to Hollywood he said you know I've been flying all over the world for 25 years and nobody has ever been able to pronounce HR And I doubt that they're going to pronounce it in Hollywood What about the new the new couple? There's no this year no no Then there it's I mean It's Tony's great Antonio Melania very happy I'm very happy for her and we all get along great and Alexe and my son just turned 11 he's in Marbella What a life and they just he just he just got a little sister and Tony's a great guy and I hope to be working with them. We we've talked about doing something to three of us Well great next year yeah like what oh My carols had an Alice. Yeah, you know You know Rocky Melania and and and Tony Okay pal okay. Thanks Here's my Emmy hello Rocky yeah, man you remember man. Amen. Do I oh man do I you gave me my you gave it my break Why Speak yeah, where do you go? He disappeared he vanished I thought he played for the pirates man. I'm in those of here's Miami on a purple line hello Gone man. Oh and those have created Okay, possibly USA yeah, and he was my sociologist That wasn't him. Oh was that him? It's a club and he was using a disguise voice. Okay. Well, maybe it's maybe he's one of those alpha 66 Here's Miami. Hello Miami Hello when is top of this when it's top of date see Question for your guest there. Yes, sir. When the Scott base was originally put together and I know that that seems to be what everybody's talking about But boy was a great movie and thank you part of the cult following and any event Did you ever think about doing a second or was it ever considered with anybody? Yes, we did consider it But we looked around and there were too many bodies Nobody left the life So it would have been called L. Vira because that's only character the lived Yeah, man everybody has always you know talked about doing a sequel, but again, they we all die We all die. Yeah, that's like Godfather, but he's waiting for Godfather for both and Vincent There ain't nobody left anymore Very true for getting my ignorance your character was manny I assume manny yeah, I don't know very good very good It was exactly the movie enjoyed it many times many times. Thank you very much certainly okay. I read with urge Here's the hialia hello Many yeah, man, let me tell you pro you one of the best actors just ghost Cubans I've ever put out man Thank you very much. Oh you're the I mean the best and uh extra does the on his man What's the name of that movie when you're doing that girl? I'm blonde one on the bathroom and the guys like tied up watching here Oh, yeah, that's sweet poison You're the same way, right? Yeah, yeah, you're saying a bit Poison check that man check that out good. Slick man. Yeah. It's that it's that Herman Ed Herman he's tied up and he's he's suffering and he's watching us on the bed and I'm behind her Yes, I did oh you do yes. I do oh What do you think he's doing this spot? No problem what you were doing yeah, oh that's me All right, oh there he is back again. Okay. Hi. Okay. Take a breath pal. Okay. Those two they're added again Here's a call from the alley. Hello Hey Neil yes sir. How's it going great made a terrible locker. I can't even see in front of me again. Yeah, oh geez Where's he the gators are floating? He's not your alley or in the alley. Hey, yeah, man. How's it going man? Oh, yeah We made it a seven 11 at the square feet stand I swear to God I get out a month of people stay hard work. You're getting the call it cherry mix man Not just good that never mentioned man. I start running a good actor Neil have fun This studio and go pander. All right, but yeah, okay, so we're gonna there's not a woman on there is there because we had Barbara But that's like somebody we want on there, but she doesn't want to talk to him on the air. Why not? She wants to talk to him off the ear what line is she on? To hello Hello She ain't gonna talk. Why not? Maxine Maxine come on Maxine come on Loosen up sweet home come come through come through I'm okay He's our great on the radio. Thanks, babe. You know I listen to Neil Rogers. Oh, thank you That's right. That's right. My mom Maxine my mom calls me on the font. She's like Maxine Steven's on Neil Rogers. Maxine did the air conditioning man came come. Yes. He did he did yes. I'm still waiting for your breakfast Okay, you want me to come catch the I Can't believe I can't believe it's like and I kind of I kind of I caught a ride over here because I heard Neil on the air and I said oh my god I got a catch me before he moves you know I'm you have to tell Neil that my message every Monday is ammo and DAY Su ck All right You're okay my next tennis pro To the side coach that's what I do right all right, Stephen when you sound great thanks, babe Alrighty, all right talk to you later. Oh, yeah, okay, that's it. We're out of time You're gonna catch your bus now. Is that it? Yes, I am. I'm gonna be at Beach High Tobbe 30th talking to the kids right about drugs. Okay, great. Stay off him Okay, best of luck. We'll be looking for your thing and you're moving to Yeah, just an honor that I'm gonna go home this afternoon before going to the hockey game I'm gonna whip out that old tape and put the loop on yeah exactly. I'm gonna well loop it Okay, Stephen bow watch for his stuff and Rocky yet to Vary and K Pasa USA and when we come back It's gonna be a tearful one one. Yes, it will be Neal's the best it's gonna be a tearful one to two hour for some Talk in entertainment radio 610 W i O d my N 4 hour and now B Gons with Michael Jackson Summer if your penis falls off in a forest and there's no one there to hear it Does it make a sound Shumma So here it is 102 I W i D is all things must all good things all bad things all mediocre things all evil things They may almost come to an end. That's gradually, yeah sooner or later By the way, Jeff de Forest just came in and brought me a beautiful t-shirt to Canada from the Readers cup up there at wood vine Pretty impressive place out there eight's only about 400 miles out of town so if you take a capital Cost just a few 400 bucks to get out there, but it's a pretty impressive joint But anyway, it's our final hour. It's our big one to two hour the final day and these prestigious studios here These halord halls That have been grazed by the greats and ear greats the Miss Creeance the Miss fits the Joy Reynolds the Drew Michaels of the world And here we are and it's only fitting that after a Stephen Bower and Jeff Irmer That I sit here coming to the final hour and there's one lonely call on the board. Does this say it all? Is this tell everything that we need to know This is so appropriate man your final chance on these lines on these numbers and you know other than These two ladies who called in were both like personal acquaintances No women calling in for Stephen Bower who you would think that even at this point in time You think we'd have them lined up one right after the other so can we this balloony about we got millions of women out there listening They don't know from Rocky it's a barrier from Stephen Bower. What do they know from what do they know? What is it that they know Maybe Ellen de Generis maybe that's what they know You're last chance boy your last chance to get out in the big hour W-I-O-T yeah, sir, you're the best yeah, anyways There's a T-C-I Will be right along here's to the purple line hello Yeah, he's a pot does he listen to you? No, he does not I'm not talking no more about all these the cry babies with their cable problems. We don't care anymore Okay, it's boring unfortunately. I'm one of them, but I'm not calling about that Yes, sir, we love you Neil. I gotta tell you I'm in sales. I'm meeting out of my car all day And my wife is pretty because I was here. Well, what does that all the she know? You don't know Right I'll be the numbers are gonna be the same right? No, they're not no the phone numbers will be changed Which means you'll have to tune in 10 tomorrow and I'll tell you what they are and now nine five four Hi, yoyoyoy What do you mean by that? Oh, you know there'll be a date number in a braored number just relax don't go panicking don't start hypervettily You know area coats, please yeah really Anyway, just want to do Let's know that we do love you. Well, thank you so much All right, boss and have it until your wife can leave it alive Yeah, he's uh, she's at home watching the little kid. Yeah, probably. Oh, yeah, you hope okay, pal I have a lot. Yeah, what does she know? What are these women know? See Rocky X Rear Stephen Bauer a heart drop thief of hearts Scar puts all these great movies They don't know from rockies a good guy Stephen We wish him the best we hope he keeps his nose clean. We hope that he makes it big we hope that he makes it But all that it was just Okay, you're so we're left kind of a crack is that it wasn't Just keep digging a deep red deeper and deeper mister Because you are the most relentless Julio that's right Julio But I've ever known in my life. You just can't leave it alone He's a hell of a guy. We're gonna see if the hockey game tonight. He's gonna make a gigantic comeback He's okay at our book. I'll tell you that and if he could only look now like he did 20 years ago I'm K Pasa USA. He would never gotten out of this room. I'll tell you that Here's the crawl springs. Hello Yeah, I have to be the one Don't think that. Yeah, why do you have to be so in the sun to get a life already? Well, it sounds like Mitch from video waves. Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. I think you're a crazy maniac. I love you. Yeah, I'm gonna miss you. I live down the street. I don't I've gone far to come with something to do Oh, you live in the neighborhood No, I don't but I make it at the point of some side there every so often try to get in but they always you know They know you can't go in because you know, yeah So you're the one that's causing us to act to me I think it was so much yeah Wayway good luck in the new video and The love yeah, it's a lot pal. You're a lighter. Have a great life. What is it? You The walls of Jericho came crumbling down and there was the coast and hot 105 left standing and that was it just kind of a gigantic Thank you from that spot in us. That's bought in a hallway Johnny Dolan won't be taken a leak next to alcohol anymore right now. I tell you that never again man In fact, you probably won't be too popular long before we take a leak next to anybody in this building anyway What that you're sure You're in what the Steven said Johnny who Here's a lady at the sky. Hello Hi, Neil. How you doing? Hi. I'm a lady. I try to call the more fun has come into I had to pick up Oh, okay, and when I was at you I'm gonna get a department there was a semi shrine Stephen Bauer really Yes, and we all stood there and they'll at his altar every day all right We think he's great and it's great to hear him be coming back. He's a good guy. Yeah, all right. Thanks, Neil. Okay, sweetheart. Bye. Bye And find your women out there which just worked for bosses who weren't so damn up tight Would understand that you have to take 20 30 40 50 an hour and a half a minute's out of your day to talk to hang on hold And talk to us on his show, which is a lot more important than whatever a bum fork business You're pretending to be doing over there, but hey, they just don't get it Here's four-later nail on the purple line. Hello You're moving. Are you gonna sound like what you need to me? We have an open line on the purple line and pound out he sounded just like did it sound just like what do you or is twin brothers I did exactly what I came to me. Yeah, haha. Yeah, we're never gonna be that desperate by friend And by the way the good news is on the 800 lines in the new building we got call return on nose call trace call return call Your drain is on the 800 lines So you won't be able to play that scan no more. Okay. What do you know you're other Ojan provocative to whom go I am? Here's a can't why sure I hope would he ain't Jewish, but I'm afraid he might be here's a candle. Hello Yes, sir. Oh the gun buddy great. Oh the power just went on my house. That's great. Where do you your candle? Yep. Oh you're not missing nothing Hey, I want to ask you question that you had to leave it on the line there. Who's that girl makes he knows his girlfriend? That's the tennis lady. Oh Yeah, I mean she made me bad if you balls around, but I don't think that Steven's connected Maxine Oh, just like a say, congratulations getting out of the building and Okay, I was the last from the new book and back to you. I'll be listening to you all right. What's that? Now here's the guy, you know something you don't I have heard him my buddies over here and tell me about it. But I want to I let me just ask you something is if is anybody ever said to you that you have psychic abilities Right, you're about to please no, no, but it the fact is that I had lost the disk okay that it was on And I for about a week. It's been missing and I thought I was gonna be able to play it again until November 1st What are best stuff CD because it's on there and during the one o'clock news break or a commercial break I was digging through the copy file and what do you think I found? How do you like that so take to what call me in the morning? All right? Can I call somebody do you bet? Yeah, try the window tanger Inflammie Oh, do you hear just that's radially, yeah, praise of you guys with how come this damn thing won't queue up now? I got the disk in there. Oh, please don't tell me that there's been an evil spell put on this huh? Oh my god, would that be something or what? Jesus Christ for extra strength dexedrin when you're getting crucified The last thing you need is a headache There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends weighing under shoulders And some f*** gladiator sticks a spear in your side. Yeah, Jesus Christ that hurts So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head That's when I reach for dexedrin Well, I ain't I don't reach for it. Hey anybody got any dexedrin? Hey Jonas could you throw a couple into my mouth? Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake Extra strength dexedrin because a headache is a heavy cross to bear That should be our worst thing to worry about Adam Adam was just give me a little lesson in life here It's 10 after one we got 49 minutes and 38 seconds left in the building but who's counting? And uh quite frankly uh I thought it was gonna be a very emotional hour I thought it was gonna be like a choked up here I thought it'd probably be gagging and unable to speak and you know something it's a piece of cake In fact, I'm starting to get a big smile on my foot I'm starting to feel as enormous sense of relief So we will take the k off that marquee thank you And we'll set our own message back at you Here's a call from Lake Worth that's gone. I believe was it on seven long gone. Here's West Palm Beach, hello Hello, New York. Yes, sir. Did you hear Amanda yesterday? No, I did not In mid-it he said some people are stupid and I'm stupid You gotta get it on tape. Yeah, is that please? Is that a bullet? No, what? I know, right? Anyways, uh, but you got it on tape for proof Can I cross the one at least back We have an open line on the uh in date 7519463 two of them 751 Wiod It's a 12 after one at Wiod Entertainment radio 610 Wiod Okay, one 14 at Wiod we got one open line in Broward if you'd like to be part of our final hour from this building Like I said for the average listener out there for the average smuck on a street for the average Joe who just kind of passing through life That's not a lot of significance because we're still gonna be on the same spot on the dial We're still gonna be doing the same crap. We're still gonna be around and life goes on but We won't be here So while it doesn't mean much to you especially like if you're not familiar with this part of town If you're not familiar with the drive that some of us make to this joint every day except for Adam Who lives across the street and it'll be good to get him out of the neighborhood? Maybe you'll understand there's more to life than the 79 street causeway And the pill doctor Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello Hey Neil how you doing great good done round in the rain and um just want to let you know light up with a stogi for that last hour And also just want to see I saw a hang class night The hour yeah and Is there any way you can get him on the acens? He is looking big man. Yeah, he's on a scapkins right now. So matter of fact. Okay. How come this thing A Q and up is there some special reason that the equipment is our last day and everything it's our last day and we have a little bit of a problem I did obviously the IOD engineers the new ones are listening with great interest as they and probably amusement Is just we can't get through the last 44 minutes and 13 seconds not that I'm counting my You don't want you to get the idea that I'm like looking forward to this moment of education there We go nice going thank you so much Cox broadcasting Here's the lake worth hello Neil yes sir Congratulations on your last day. Thank you. I had a one night when I was driving home at two o'clock in the morning when they were playing You know rerun at night They had a bit on that I'd never heard played during the day and I figured probably because it was so obscene About Harry ball Yeah, that is that's not obscene Well, I mean, I didn't have you ever played it during the day. Yeah. What is the name of that thing? I know what you're talking it went on and on for a long time, but it was hilarious. Yes, growdom. That's the name of that That's not obscene. Oh, okay. Well, I'm In fact, I might just have a scroatum over here now that's not not in there Like I said you're out of luck today, but I have a feeling I know just where to find them That was that was great. I know her and her in the day. Absolutely In fact, I'm pretty sure that's on our best stuff for me. They're last year the year before I would bet a lot of two or three dollars on it We'll have a half on in the new place and sorry. You won't be able to trip over Sally fits his devices on your way out and the parking lot Bad we's not included, man, and let me just close by saying these are and the entire world and my dad who now likes Ron and Ron bet that the new is a douche bag. You're dad likes Ron and Ron better than me. I got a message for your dad Every day pal. Okay, we have an open line of Broward five. Oh, I'm given that number out again I promise I wouldn't do that plus we don't want to confuse these people because we got brand new numbers starting tomorrow on our new building Brand new numbers Which we don't know yet What we do know, but we don't want to get over involved. Okay, see I think what it is you guys got this you just don't understand Some people did not participate in the move or have it at least to this point because they don't want to be in the way Isn't that a good that that's a I think I just came up with a very good alibi for people have been at Conspicuously absent and uninvolved in this gargantuan project the bars They don't want to get in the way because when you come right down to it. What are they gonna contribute anyway? So stay out of the way Although being in a prone position, you know, unless you step it on somebody here is Miami Beach, hello I live and worked down the street so it's understandable. Oh my god. We should goodbye. Oh, man See it see another time Hey, I have a great life for a lot of mental Didn't realize we had so many listeners right here in the neighborhood of course if they've only got an EM radio They probably can't pick up any other signal on a dial We got a good captive audience within about a two three block radius Which is my favorite toothbrush or one of my least favorite colors That's right Julio We left some great cards around here just for these closing shows make no mistake about that Especially that one will Rick snatch his hovers over Sally into the prone position Dressed up as a perimetic or is he just dressed up? A lot of stories by the way about how Rick snatches used to dress up, but he used to do the early morning news on channel 7 and I'm not joking about that I mean really dress up, but they're just stories Here's candle on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Yes, sir I just wanted to say for those people it aren't familiar with Florida that's sunny Florida It's not actually happening. I'm driving through a tsunami. Oh my god What is this gonna end already ain't it the eighth of October lights? I'm unbelievable boy Good no go already. I just want to pass on a major leak. You're back to my boss slash advisor John okay, thank you sir. I have a great life. Bye. Bye. Okay. I went and down triad on So it's the end of the world again and you know something it's fitting isn't it? It's appropriate that on this last day end of building we should have to drive home through like at the end of the world That's the way you'd expect it to be I mean aren't quite nice bright sunny day would like a narrow you know, it would like very little traffic That wouldn't be you'd never remember that But driving home with the dark dank real black clouds and with the claps of thunder and lightning and with the rain just pouring down And with sitting water like two three feet. It's like coming to work this morning. There were two traffic lights out on 119th Or whatever it helps to 100 and 35 Or third or two or whatever it was two traffic lights out and congratulations to the FHP baby They finally did something good They were directed at nice going guys Here's Tamarack hello Tamarack Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, I just wanted to know I don't know if anybody asked the question I doubt it Tonight are they also gonna broadcast the banner being raised on TV? I would think so because I think well, I don't know about that because I'm you know sports channel Florida has the pregame What time channel 33 starts with a thing? I don't know well, it's looking in the TV guy What time what is there say? It says 730 33 Yeah, but the channel the sports and you have sports channel Florida. I hope well That would be the one I watch because I would be almost bed and money at 7 o'clock. They'll have a pregame thing on her Well, I hope so of course I didn't get tickets, but I right Because everybody wants to see that yeah I mean I think it would be great to just all tap the VCR going and everything right place is gonna go nuts All right Neil thanks anyway, okay You know we'll find out about that for you somebody will call let us know what time that sports channel Florida thing Which I'm praying and I'm sure I'm positive that Ned Smith will show us ugly post on aired around seven o'clock We got all the festivities on there. I hope of course we will or not two open lines in Broward of course and two on a green lines And now I understand we got the end of the world out there on the outside That's no excuse just because you got to get electrocuted when you pick up the phone. Hey, does that does that show me that you really care a lot Here's Hialia hello Neil man that's exactly what happened to me man. Oh, it's on my coordinates I was already on hold for like 20 minutes and boom out Wow, so listen Freddy C. I was man on your last hour last show man Listen, it does look like you know the world out here in high leoman. Yeah, I mean it is like totally flooded I would I would choke a chicken and just to be sure. I'm telling you man. Just in the on the safe side man Highly it has no runoff man the waters like almost to the door man. Yeah, it's crazy man All right Neil man. I do this every time and closing man, especially since this is your last show See a man Mean We have an open line in date 7519463. I did give the number out because I feel compelled to do it since we have like 38 minutes and 37 minutes and 33 seconds not that I'm counting But and I feel that at this stage of the game and this at this point in my life in this point in the show It's totally inappropriate that we should be giving any numbers out that we should have any open lines I think it's probably in our front to me. It's a personal slap and a post But I'm very much used to it and who cares? Because the checks do come on time from our friends up to street and that's all we care about Here's a lady in Miami Springs. Hello. Hi, me a holiday. Are you doing great? I'm calling us this to the question Are you getting help? Panther tickets for tonight's game? We have two open lines in date 7519463 751 Wild we have two on a green lines 1 800 944 we'll talk a little louder for you people up there in Palm Beach what what's the oh 54 or 59 The weather channel. I think it's a 59 on this system here. We are gonna miss we thank our friends at Gold Coast cable We thank our close personal friend Gabe Baptiste of MTV Latino and his very good looking brother We thank them profusely providing us with a tremendous amount of entertainment on his channel It almost nobody else gets on her cable, but trust me when I tell you they've got the good videos on her baby Individual storms within the line were oh my god racing north look at look at this We got a red thing at the bottom of the screen 30 to 40 miles an hour out there. It's the end of the world And like I said early in the show when I went through a little my little monologue Here we sit at this cloistered studio No windows to the outside world totally out of touch with reality Boy, this is a damaging wind's an excess of 55 miles an hour very very heavy rain and Deadly lightning it says are All possible possibly is what it says with these storms Seek shelter Jimmy shelters what it says in a strong building Like that building over there on the 79th street cause we were understanding a lot of empty room now Stay away from windows which we don't have the windows near thank the Lord do not use phones do not Use electrical appliances do not eat grapes do not eat potatoes do not eat pizza do not eat cookies Remember how he picked that one grape off the bunch the fruit was sitting in the thing and she's reading the list Infant so of all the things you can't eat and just as he's about to pop the one little grape do not eat grapes and Don't tell you he's looks at it with that sorrowful look and You know where he puts it So the world is coming to it end out there bullet and immediate broadcast See now that we don't like we have a real I mean with all the respect to one who does a great job He's a super guide as you know, but we basically are like in a goldfish bowl looking on the outside We don't really like not really on top of these things because we feel that most people Alistair this station are more on anyway, and they don't care if the world's coming to win And they're too interested in humor in the farting sounds In occasional belcher to in buttload and Mahabon and back at you and the douchebag and Barbara Bowie and Important fashion plates like that And as opposed to crap like he's the world coming to win end the boy we have a horrendous storm Are the roads all backed up and things like that we don't care about that Here's my S got my long guy know what is that? Oh, I see he's on a mobile so we better get to him. Yes, God. Hey Neil. How you doing? I was just thinking about you this morning. Yeah, yeah, well, we're hiding now with the weather We're all we're all under a tree somewhere. I bet you'll be at that game tonight though Great I'll come down to you. Oh my son's very wolf Sure jersey on great. I will be down there. You still sitting same section Same section where you came in the zombie house. I thought you were gonna move. What do you mean by that? Well, we're given him that mean that was the next Division game. We're gonna give him a cut him a little slack on it, but tonight's the real thing and we'll see how these people We'll see what the ambiance is tonight. Okay Well, come down. Can you have a couple intermissions? We're gonna get there early get in my ass in the seat and uh What's this opening term well bring your ass on down. I will okay Scott all right good night Good night. Thank you all right. That's Scott our Lawn man who comes by the house like once every not often enough. I'll tell you that there's a fine young man There's a fine man if everybody in the world could be just like him I mean exactly like him. Maybe a little less facial hair. This would be a hell of a world of living. I'll tell you that So it's Coleman's in the building. He's very emotional about this final days doing an Indian rain dance and obviously it's working Everybody is really pumped up around here that is everybody who's leaving those who are not gonna be leaving Of course are walking around with a long said push no more free food damn it That's right. There probably some people downstairs who're gonna be missing all those free and in fact I wouldn't be surprised. I hate to say this because we love Wendy Bennett next to what the coast I wouldn't be surprised that they have to start feeding her intravenously Very very soon because we're I've been keeping her alive for like eight years now Just a little chicken soup here in there a little piece of a meal over here a little snack of a piece of meal over here and that's it And that's the only thing that's kept Wendy going especially now during these really depressing days when she has to follow Johnny Dolan and spend most of her spare time making up all those derogatory pictures and the same's and writing all those Which he loves doing by the way in fact She said that's the only thing that's gonna keep her don't go in is Ragged on Johnny Dolan's ass 24 hours a day Nice going Wendy we love you 128 it's Wiod Let me read you 610 Wiod Please He likes received let her 1  they ops oh It goes down on his knees and my it's guys who likes to please nar He loves to slap cowboys on their behind. You jacked out. He's got a spotless reputation. America's team is world renowned. But he's droggy. I've heard some people say. In the heart of he goes down. He goes down on his knees. I can't suppose to squeeze. Don't live him cause he likes it from behind. Well, 24WOD on his momentous day of our daughter's wedding on his Tuesday man. We're the world of the... I think the cleansing rains. I've been in the studio. I'm no meteorologist. I'm no bob. We've been the weatherman. I'm no forecast. But I think that all of this has been like the heavens washing away. The sins of the cocks people and paving the way for a new beginning. And a new life and a new era and a new sounds good. I don't believe it, but it sounds pretty good. Here's a pep. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Listen. Oh man. If you could see the green thing on a weatherman right now then I'm looking at all. Great. That was red or pink. There's a yellow and red and pink and purple and green and the weather map too. Well, I think it's appropriate for you last day. Listen, two questions I have seriously talking about radio. I need you expertise for a second. Yes. A couple of months ago I asked George on your worldwide webpage that you guys don't have the audio thing hookup. Or if you're anywhere in the country, I don't know if George remembers. Real audio you mean? Yeah, real audio, right. In your new studio, there's a passion how that thing hooked up. What's the story? And George is talking to trying to is the real audio thing that would be hooked up immediately. If not sooner or what? Would the packs and people on the web? Real audio? I think you know what I'm talking about. No, he's not a question for a program director. Oh, I see. Okay. Well, as soon as our program director makes his presence known or whereabouts were. Well, if you want to go there, it costs us two sheets to do that. I'll just tell you. Well, let me tell you this. If cost is the determining factor. Yeah. I guarantee you it'll be on there because the packs and people are sparing no expense. I mean, super. You know, if you can pass along, I mean, then you can be anywhere in the country. Right. Well, see, that's the whole idea of being on a web if you're in a radio biz because then people get to sample and then you put your call and numbers on there. And then you get cost and people all over the world and it becomes a lot of fun. And it means something other than just having a bunch of stupid stuff on there. Well, I mean, no, in that of, I mean, if you can't get a, if you're not a, if you're not a, if you're not a final cast another radio market, you know, people who live here at the most somewhere else, can't leave you over the internet. That'll be nice also. Excellent point. Listen, now one more thing before I go, don't stick it to appropriate for these jerk offs out the listing to go screenless rest of the hour. Yeah. Do it. No, do it. Okay. Good luck, buddy. See ya. Okay. Now, he says that, of course, we have all the other lines lit at the moment. So I guess he probably knew that most everybody is psychic at the moment. We all had these very good sidekick vibrations. And we do have an open line of pride. And we're going to rest of the hour. We'll just pick him up. Of course, we might not get to any of them. But that's okay. Take your chances. All right. And of course, if you're lucky, it's like Russian roulette. If you're lucky, I won't pick it up. And then you won't get electrocuted. Now, we're going to have to knock the ball player. Oh, God, what a let down. Yeah, well, I'm sure that won't take it. Well, don't take it personally. But I mean, you can imagine my excitement when I look on the thing there. And it says, Alex, Rod Regas, and it turns out to be this Alex. Yeah. I think that was a great deal for you. Hey, close, but no cigars, huh? Right. Here's the field that never, never, ever have to drive that 79th street again. Oh, here's our walking peanut. I mean, here's the Alex, the board up. You could still say that now. Or do you get a little bit of a, you can say, you didn't say walking Painted. Yeah, you can say, far away. I know that. It was some stupid collar. They just didn't like you that so I just, you know, I think that was a lot of fun. They think they had enough space here already. So how you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. I'm doing a great out on that building. Yes, sir. We got 22 minutes and 40 seconds out that I'm counting. I got one. I said, we've got 22 minutes and 36 seconds not that I'm counting. Well, hey, you know, sounds like a long time to me. That's radially, huh? They had Rocky on their earlier home. Yeah, we did have Rocky. He was pretty good. He is one hell of an actor. He's a good guy. He always comes up and gives me a good hug. I get a little feel there. You know, it's a very emotional thing when we get together. I love him. I'm sure I'm sure it is. I sure I would have known him about 15, 20 years ago. Oh, God. So you guys didn't have to wait so long for his new experiences. Right. Right. Yeah. But anyway. You're going to be working across the street from my girlfriend. Yeah. Right across the street from an endless spending pencil. So he can send us about your free pens and crab. That could be good. But George is going to try to hit on her. So I'm not too happy about that. Yeah. He kind of likes her. Well, listen, I wouldn't be disappointed. He's got a long list. You know, he's got plenty of a course. Anna Maria's going to be stuck here in the building. So I guess that's one less to laugh to worry about. Right. So he doesn't have any calls. He's got room for another one. Right. Oh, man. And of course, Miriam's going to be going with us. He's going to be the trim lady. I'm sure we'll follow us around anywhere we go. Now, that's going to be a little problem, George. You don't think that Roy's going to get upset if I get a haircut in that studio. Oh, man. Whoo. Yeah. He heard it's a real high tech studio. Oh, they don't. They don't. They're, you know, how these engineers are. They're very nervous when they put something brand new together like that. Like all of us slabs are going to slob her all over in there. Hey, does Mitch wean still freak out about the readings? Yes. Oh, I got another call, buddy. Okay, I love your show, buddy. Have a great life, pal. We'll see you soon. He had another call. I was good just in time. We have an open lot. Oh, that's right. We're doing screenless. W-I-O-D. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, good luck on the movement. Thanks. I'm listening to Ron and Ron a lot more. Great. Good. Everybody should be happy now. And then we're going to get our new guy on at night if that ever happens in a week or two. And then we'll have like maybe a real radio station here. Yeah, it should be nice. So you guys are going to enjoy that good equipment over there. Get all the car to cut up, man. You just wait, man. I mean, tomorrow, of course, you know, we, we inaugurated. But it's still going to take us at least a couple of weeks to get everything. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you'll get all organized because we got you. You'll have a wire. Right. All right. Hey, man. That's smelly bitch that called yesterday. Yeah. You know what you should have told her? Yeah. I'm a woman. I tell you what you listen to me. See you, buddy. Okay. He didn't really say that, did he? He was doing so well up into that point. We have an open line of bread. We're doing screenless with a calls that are like not our hold, etc. What is that? One last light. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at that. Look at the, uh, oh, see, I even know the facts is just by the machine. You know what I'm saying? Just by the logo on a machine. Oh, look. Look at, it turned on 59 real quick. You won't get there in time. 59. That's the weather roadmap at the radar. Oh, and the salesman, the real yellows, sales even saw a fool. They've ever saw a sell like that. Look at that. It's appropriate that it's mucous color. Woo. Wow. In fact, that one on the bottom there, just over the northeast part of it, looks like a Roberto Alamar itself. Oh, man, is that moist? Go get him tonight, Roberto. I hope he had 16 homerons against the Yankees in every game. Just to piss them off. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, look like that game. Why be rained out tonight. You think so? Yeah, there guys. Look at the sand as you're looking at, uh, her rating catching dogs up there. He knew York and knew that's good because we're not interested anyway. We got the Panther games so that'll give us a chance to watch tomorrow when we don't have no Panther game. One eye on the game, but what do I end off the game? Right. This is pretty exciting. I'm not saying Lewis and the land. I'm pumped. Yankees have bought more of my two favorite teams. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Okay. It's funny. It's fitting that your last day there with a fixed storm to come and see. Yeah. Oh, I'm looking at this weather, man. The timing couldn't be better. Just in time for my drive up the Hershey Highway. This green and yellow mong is covered all a date-broward and Palm Beach and into the keys. I mean, there's nowhere to go to get away from it. Yeah, but it's going, it's not to be hindered. You know, you're watching. I mean, as soon as it's that thing, whip and threw your fast. Well, thank God for that. So if you're going to whip it, do it fast. Hey, what are you going to do with that tombstone over there? You're going to take that with you? Oh, no, we're leaving it. That's our parting shot. I guess that would put a WILD tombstone there along five of it. That good idea. Okay. I'll pay for it. Yeah, that'll be great. Okay. All right, deal. Have a good one, pal. All right. Talk to you tomorrow with those brand new numbers, which of course those numbers are yet to be. We know what they are. We don't know. Do we know? We'll get those. As soon as we get this whole thing organized, you have no fear. Because we got people who are taking a bullcrap by the horns and you bet. Here's Pembroke Pines on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I also am too a landscape or like your buddy's got any. Okay. I would think so. And I also am going to the game tonight. Great. Well, I'll try and sell it. At least one thing. This stuff's going to blow out of here before that game before everybody starts the drive. I hope so. Oh, God. Terrible. I've never find her. Oh, anyhow. Good luck on your move. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. And tonight's the big night. The Panthers and arrangers. And of course, we haven't heard anything. So I'm assuming that Messier is not going to get suspended. He will play and needle nose gratsky. He'll be in there. And that old Samuel sin with that big shield. He'll be that face shield that he wears. That miserable obnoxious backstabbing sweet. He'll be in there. And I got a feeling we're going to really kick their ass. I just hope we keep our cool, including Eddie. Come on, Eddie. Just calm dust tone it down. Just a little bit, Eddie. Just get a grip, baby. But we'll be alright. We'll see one thing about this team. That's why the Panthers are a lot like me. Okay. They don't take any crap from anybody. That's my philosophy in life. And that's their philosophy too. In fact, I told Doug McLean when they named him head coach. I said, you just follow me, pal. I'll make up the lineup card in all the past year long. All a good advice. And just tell your guys, don't take any crap from anybody. And he said, and that was that. Talk in entertainment radio. 16 W-I-O-D. You let passel my hand go break. You know, I need to put that on my. Oh, yeah. I hate this closet. Problems? Yeah. I just want a new flannel shirt, but I can't... I've got the answer. You do? It's the Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer. Yeah. I think I heard about that. Who hasn't? Let's face it. When you're trying to keep everything, including your sexual preferences in the closet, it can make things messy. No matter what you're looking for extra space for your hers and hers towels, running out of room for all your Melissa, ethrich and Katie Lang CDs, or trying to organize your collection of boots wax. The Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer is the best way to keep your hang up straight until you're ready to go out and public with them. That sounds great. And the Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer is easy to assemble. All you need is some strap-on hardware. No screws. Ellen DeGeneres, I love you, man. The Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer, another fine product from Death's Boy. Two things. Okay, what 49 at WD? Just keep pushing and needle and yenthing. Okay, just keep pushing away. That's the way to get the answers out of that guy. You know what I'm saying? That's right, Julio. Here's Papino, wait a minute. Here's Papino right over here. Hello. Go on. Papino will be gone, like I said. Hello. Hey, Neil, are you going to get fresh material? No. Same old style brand. Oh. Yeah, blow it out your ass. Okay, there's our first call from inside from the Cox people. Here's the Miami. Hello. And Neil, how's it going, buddy? Okay, sir. All right, just wondering since you're leaving your last day, and I can get a pre-plug. Plug for what? From my business. Okay, let's go to Wellington. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. On this momentous occasion, I feel there's only... Okay, let's go to sunrise. Hello. sunrise. I don't know. Okay. Never mind, God, so high. It's finally God's bolder. Hey, man. Hey, you know, once last day, Mr. Quest? Yeah. Oh, not fun, Google. It seems fitting. Okay, and I wish I had the CD here, but you'll have to wait till tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Okay, don't have it here, man. But back to you. You know what we really ought to play? Absolutely positive before we get out of here, I would think. So there's a rumor going around that this boy is a Jewish button. Alex Bennett, Steve K. Nick, Lauren Scotting, shape in Mike. Lauren Scott, Swords, Herman and McBean. Gale Bright, Coleman Chandler, Sandy Beale, boys and women. Wild Steve, Stanzl, don't forget Bill Wise. Cherima, honey, Johnny, Dolan, A.L. E.N. F.D. M.A.M.S. Colville, and Hummel Stan, Major, Darsie McIntyre. The prize-vary-laring final coming foot, sharing presents, and the hand-sisters we do and the barrel-paw. We can't forget the people. Though we try to hide them and forget we knew them. They used to work beside us. Even though this time they made us lose our minds. And we bear a wick, Alpantam, Dean Gary Blue, Skeff, Clark, Johnny, Dark and Joseph Gacky. Hank, Goldberg McGream, Marvin Roman, War, means definitely Lewis Quinn and Wittstone for getting it between. These are all the people who are still here working and new still working. We are all just people who are out there giving just to make a living. I would like to experiment with it. Let's have a die. And we're out there giving just to make a living. Okay, 150-wild D is you go down that list. You don't find too many names of people who are still in this building. Of course there was one in there that does. That speaks for itself. W-wild D on the purple line. Five of the boy, yes, though. Okay. W-wild D. In you. Yeah. Okay, cool. So buddy, how's it going? Okay. I just wanted to say something to the friend of mine is out there. Okay, give him a call. W-wild D. Hi. Hi. I'm looking forward to hearing the first half hour tomorrow with Bayed at Breath because you won't have any colors for half an hour. Why is that? Well, we won't know what the number is. Well, don't you think I'll give the number right off the bat? Oh, I hope so. I hope so. In addition to which I'm used to not having colors the first half hour anyway, so that won't be anything No. There are slow starters here. Well, listen and enjoy your new building. Thank you. Thank you. Well, you'll let us know. Okay. All right. I'll do that. That'll be your homework assignment. Okay. Let us know what they tell you. I will talk to you. Okay. Sweetheart. Bye-bye. It's a date. W-w-d. New. Yeah. New. How many cards did you have to move? How many what? Car to this you have to move to the new studio. That's 1200. Wow. What a collection. Yeah. You're going to have a nice ride there down 95 every day. Yeah. Beautiful. That's a beautiful road to travel. Yeah. And good luck. And thanks. Okay. You know Steve, Steve, a barcom back in there. I thought it like an hour was enough Steve. Come on. Cut the crap. It was great having you here. But W-w-d. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. First of all, your guy. Yeah. This Rick and Lill's good on the afternoon. Who is it? Rick and Seb and... Oh yeah. I've heard of them. What's this number? Tonight. Put somebody a good front of yours. Worst talker. He'll ever hurt Rick and Seb. Yeah. He'll pass it along. W-w-d. Neil is a Jerry Wichner's brother. And I just want to say, God created all what there is. Ha ha ha ha. All right. He's still around, man. They shot him 85 times and he's still alive. W-w-d. And God said, let's your be a lightning wound. Right. Oh, I guess. And here it is. W-w-d. Oh, coward in Palm Beach. Coward. W-w-d. Yeah. Yeah. Only if. Right. Excellent. Okay. Of course, to show you, they got a good memory. Number one and number two. We still got a few people around here for more than five minutes ago. Sometimes you have your doubts about that. Like they all got lost. Like they all went on some kind of a mission. So more like they all got religion or not. As the case may be. Hey, there's Phil Costa in the near who was came into a bit fair while to the building. He's kissing the walls. He's uh, right in graffiti everywhere. He can find some room. Just like Henry Barrow said earlier when the show, we said, There's the one man who's got more stories than anybody else. The one, uh, nobody else. Nobody else has seen him come and go like Phil Costa and did. And now it's his turn. Because as they say, it talks broadcast. And it's not a question of if it's a question of when. So hang on to that Vaseline Jar real tight. W-I-O-D. Bring back to London. W-I-O-D. And you know what's up. How you doing? I'm not sure you're moving. You're going to have a little bit of signal. Uh, when we get that new transmitter man. All right. It's going to be pump. We're going to be pumping it. All right. And the signal too. Uh, kind of one shameless request before you go. I doubt it. What is it? You can do it. The Phil Henry got your dinners at. Owned by cops. What am he's owned by cops? It's owned by us, but we don't got no time. Uh, first thing to borrow man. First thing to borrow morning. All right. You got it. Maybe. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. Hey, oh. Yes. Yes, sir. I'm moving too. Where you going? I got to go to Rally. North Carolina. Purnantly? Unfortunately. Oh, my God. But wow. As I told my former employer, Kissed my butt and have a nice life. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Back to you, pal. Oh, I thought when in the door, but it was going to be my favorite coast person. Hey, he's right behind you. I knew it. I could smell him from here. How did I know that? Johnny, dark city. And we're now that he just go. What is it? They're not allowed in here anymore. Yeah. Yeah, we got a new rule. The coast people are allowed in here anymore. Right. We just made the rule. Oh, that's if you had Johnny, he'll say goodbye. Right, sure. Two by the way, Johnny. When you got to change it. Should we do one more? Should we not press our lock? Because we're, what's the, see, I never know. What time we're ending on these things? But who cares at this point? Poor really cares. So I think that basically wraps it up. It's with very mixed emotions and I'm going to get my canoe out like I said before. If I had to get a canoe at ors, and that's the only way to get out of here would be well worth it at half the price. No problem whatsoever. So we wish all the best to some of the people that is building and to the rest of the Cox people, Cox a hoist.