Talk in Entertainment Radio. 610 WIOD Miami Fort, Latterio. 610 WIOD a Paxon Company. Well, I'll wrap. Because it's the Neil Rogers Show. To talk to Neil, call 751 WIOD and date. 524 WIOD and Broward. Mobile Colors. It's Hound IOD. Buttock off the tab for that one. Outside of date and Broward, call 1-800-944-WIOD. And now, the Paxon O Neil Rogers Show. On 610 WIOD. It's big, Neil. It's big in a boat. Keep beat. It's got a lady named Captain Lee. Everybody thinks that she is squeaky clean. I'm gonna go and cover now and be a bank. Captain's just a Snop the things just up the ball's tank. And now she says she's gonna open. Leave her show. Well, baby, just pack up all your things. You can go, go, go. No. Go, Captain Go, go. No. Don't do the show. No. Please go, Captain Go, go. No. Just go, Captain Go, just go. You ain't that good. Because she says the television is a big way. It's land. What's not talking about your kids and you don't hunk. Ben, don't care. Me, old Frank is a love machine. We said I want more time and baby, I'm gonna scream. Monday night, football. He's just good at that. He's just bad for me. He must go and on a little Frank, he said, go, go. No. Go, Captain Go, go. Oh, hey. Reach to the show. No. Just go, Captain Go, go. Go, Captain Go, go. No. No. No. Find it that good. Go, go, go. Go, Captain Go, go. Go, Captain Go. Go, Captain Go. 10-03-20-W-D. Happy Thursday, too. I was planning on saying one more day, one more trip, but guess what? Well, just when you think you got it lit. Just when you think you got it down to a science, all of a sudden you discover things don't ever work quite according to plans. So we're gonna have to be here Monday, maybe Tuesday, but certainly no longer than that. Right? We pray, we are hoping, we are praying. We are praying a lot. And spite of what it says in the Harold here, Jeff Nudonik with another award-winning column. By the way, I forgot to tell you the amazing information about Andrew Zassin, the woods bridge, off the air. Be sure and remind me about that. Which kind of like gives me some insight as to why some of those pimply faced puny kids have been working over there last year, four years. Okay. So anyway, getting back to Brendan Shanahan who keeps sticking his stick at a wrong spot, rumor is that he's going to Detroit, but that's beside the point. So anyway, in the sun settled this morning, here we go. Higher power at W-I-O-D ratings. See, they just don't get it. Somebody evidently, some are along the line, convinced these people, not of whom ever talked to any of us. They convinced that once Paxon took over this radio station, we weren't going to say crap, or even take one. Do you want to say it? And they just can't understand how, you know, on a one hand, here's a board again Christian, which is all they know. That's the one thing they seem to care about, on the fact that he owns eight million radio stations. And here's all these potty mouths on here. Is Ron and Ron, what does it say that they're doing? It's got a little number for what each one of us are doing on here. Let's see, Ron and Ron, where is it? Come on, we know it's in here somewhere, Jeff. Or you're Ron and Ron, former promoters of the band, dead German tourists. Neil Rogers is gay and Jewish, as if that has anything to do with anything. And Rick and Suds who signature word is butt load. And Jeff Nuddnick, evidently, finds this astonishing to think that we're still on here on a radio station owned by butt packs and well, get used to it. Okay, get over it and get used to it and get with the program, Nuddnick because that's just the way it is. There's nothing changing. And it's amazing that he quotes me and here again. See what we've got is we got a whole series of articles that keep being spawned out of the first one many, many months ago, back when the station was first sold. And so people keep going back to and keep stealing crap from other articles and they never talked to anybody. And they keep making articles about it as if to give the impression that they're on top of stuff and they know what's going on. Now that Paxon communications purchase of WID from Cox Enterprise is complete, the question is whether the station's gaggle or free-speaking talk host, especially Neil Rogers, will be a cabached by board of game Christian butt packs. What do you think so far, Jeff? You asshole? What do you think so far? They just can't get it. How many days, how many weeks, how many months, how many years is it going to take before they get the message? But the best part of the article is Bob Green. Did you read this? Oh, it's so typical and so beautiful and so to the point, exactly what you'd expect. Because keep in mind, it's not important in life that you succeed, but that people are used to work for you fail. That's the most important thing, not that we succeed, but that you fail. It says in radio ratings apparently are the highest power. As in... Oh God! How you're catching on Jeff? Assuming the transition to WID goes smoothly, that doesn't mean an easy ride thereafter for Paxon, so said Bob Green, who was General Manager at the station until last Friday. He was General Manager until last Friday. I thought it was General Manager until the end of the day Monday. Well, what's one day, right? Don't get your facts right. Jeff, just keep writing a bunch of stuff. So said Bob Green, Green GM at Coast in Hot 105 described WID as management intensive. Management intensive meaning that these guys are a pain in the ass and they need a lot of babysitting, which is very fascinating. You'd like to the fact that more often than not, remember that period of time when we had no management at all. In between program directors when Boy Giri got bounced up and before Steve Nichol came in, and we had no PD. And we were just kind of rolling long sing in a song, showing up every day. And Bob Green was out of town more often than not, which is often the case anyway. And if that's the case, it's a miracle we've survived as long as we have, because in the last four months there has been literally virtually no management involvement, at least from his hand from Bob Green's hand. It's like turning the other cheek and we hope you fail, and that's it. Although it does say it still says thanks to WID, staff on the, on the Marquee out front, which we're very grateful for Bob. He says, Paxton doesn't know what he's in for both positive and negative, says Bob Green. He says, people who are talented as these people require a lot of attention to bring out great performances and still maintain our license. The positive, as he said, that Paxton's acquiring an incredible staff of people who will take him on a ride, he'll never forget. The downside may be they'll take him on a ride, he'll never forget. The one thing we all know in here is that Bob Green took us on a ride, we'll never forget. Even the tidy bull man never had a closer bird's eye view of what it's like to be my or deep inside the turret. Let me tell you that, Bob right now. I mean, we can forget about anything well we won't, but we could set aside for the time being some of the stuff that happened like a year ago, two years ago, three and over the last three years or so or four years. But the last four months, this we don't forget. As in, let's just watch you slide and see how far down you go before the toilet flushes and if you go down with it. Well, guess what we're still here, how do you like that? All of us painting the ass guys and of course, who's he really talking about? He says these people are as talented as these, meaning who's he talking about? There's me, there's Richter's suds. There's the sports guys, but he sure can't be talking about them. Green said, Phil Henry, you'll let WIOD on Friday to work for Cox of KF final Los Angeles. Eventually we'll be syndicated in South Florida, possibly on WIOD. And we're holding our collective breaths right now. And each one of us is taking good deep like right now. That's it, just told it, hold it. Like Bertan and says, hold it. Not too tight. So there's another great, and then it goes on to talk about Paxon O'N'I and Z. We'll go from all news to mostly news on Monday when Dr. Laura and Rush Limbaugh do their thing. It says the slush and you'll move from Nights at WIOD and air 10 a.m. to noon and Limbaugh will be noon to three on a Monday through Friday. Which raises the other interesting point about the QAM people since they absolutely refused to or don't know what's going on. How's that Andrew Zassin the woods by the way? I heard a lot of interesting stuff about that past in the woods. So anyway, they're just don't seem to be anybody telling anybody what's going on, including the people who've been told that they were going to work there. Here's the best part, adding to the long list of people that would allegedly were told they were going to be working at QAM, but nobody ever talked to them. McClaimed, coach of our Florida Panthers, they get on here the other morning and announce, hey, the Doug McClaimed show is going to be on QAM Wednesday mornings 8 to 9 a.m. Only one problem folks, nobody ever told Doug. Nobody ever talked to the coach about it. Nobody ever made a deal with the coach about it, but hey, they go on here anyway. So I guess Jimmy Siffle is going to be working there. Rimmer is going to be working there. Ned Smith's going to be working there. Everybody's going to be working there. And now that I hear this stuff about Andrew Zassin, it would Zuck and understand why Rimmer and going to be working here is going to be working there. He's too old. So anyway, that's the latest. We got all kinds of stuff about TCI here, which seems to be the real thing that everybody's up at arms of a, I got a memo here that I'm not supposed to have. And this is not the one that was sent to me yesterday, by the way, that's a confidential and don't you dare read it. Now, this is one that somebody sent to me who liked slipped it out of there. About how they're very concerned about their relations with the public and Yadi Aadi Yadi and custom ran a mosque. He may get worse before it gets better. Please continue to put the customer first. Philosophy to work. It's interesting that they would put that out in a memo, because yesterday I know somebody who called there, somebody's got a lot of bucks by the way. And, uh, called there about, you know, complaining about the TCI thing and no sports channel and the operator on the other end said, get the small dish and kind of a curweigh and good luck to you and goodbye and that's it. Get the small dish. Just get the dish, okay? And get lost. So obviously TCI is very concerned about their customers and maintaining public relations in this community. Before we get into that though, here's another facts and other isolated incident that only I would bring up. Priest admits to 15 year marriage and other resigns. St. Peter's Berg Roman Catholic priest was suspended after admitting he's been secretly married for 15 years. And another priest resigned when church leaders learned to use $225,000 of parish money to pay off a male lover. My sorrow is for my church, for the two priests themselves, for the people of the two parishes they have served, and for all the priests who will once again wonder if they too will be painted with a brush of infidelity. Bishop Robert Lynch said on Tuesday. Lynch announced both scandals after the Tampa Tribune reported Tuesday. The Reverend Patrick J. Clark of his spirit to thank to Catholic Church was married in 1981 but kept it a secret. Lynch recently received a copy of the marriage license in the mail. Lynch 52 admitted the marriage when confronted. The Bishop said Clark's suspension could be left at he could practice again as a priest. If he decides to divorce his wife and don't spit in the Bishop's post. Clark lived in a church rectum where his wife Barbustone Roman jurolited in a separate home. The other priest, Reverend Simian Gardner, was the pastor of St. Mary's parish in Loots. And Loots when he resigned. Oh, this is the best. Lynch said a member of the parish came to church leaders in mid-August with suspicions that money was being taken improperly when officials confronted Gardner admitted he was using the money to pay another adult mail with whom he had improper and impromiscible sexual conduct. The church turned the matter over to state officials to consider possible criminal charges for stealing the money. This is a fag priest in Loots. Father O2, God. Oh, my God, another isolated incident if there ever was one. 1013 at WIOD. How's Jeff Nudnik doing by the way? He catching on or not. I don't think so. The walk in entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. 1016 at WIOD. I did mention that there's an exciting weekend coming up. We got the panthers starting with some of you won't see of course. And we got poppin o park opening for the fall meat on like tomorrow night. How are you doing, Gary? All right, Neil. How are you? Congratulations on your new endeavors here. The new general manager of poppin o park. He's going to be wearing even more expensive suits now than ever in the past. Well, I'll have to buy a suit. Yeah. There you go. We are indeed opening up tomorrow night. It's looking really good for it to a real good opening. We have the October fest. It's part of our opening weekend festivities. And it's going to be an awful lot of fun. Of course, the big thing we're all excited about is the beginning of car deruves on January 1st. Right. We're getting to get set up for that as well. We got free admission tomorrow night for everybody. Which I did hear your spot by the way. I won't mention on QAM. I heard that spot. And we also going to have a new track. And out here, a lot of people are going to be upset. There's a lot of people on a highway park on the metro spot, but have been concerned about their own cars. And they couldn't payered the payroll fee. Yeah. Sources for transport was just next break. And they're gettingmpathetic behind their cars from CBD over at the moment We were able to get rid of Mich biraz today used to silence ourselves.ucks can have dinner and others kind of releases on the left. He will go to another small village. We could definitely have a great time at 6. matter of fact my right here drum is still blown but we're working on that now. Rogers, a matter of fact, had a really bad sore throat on the day before the jug on Wednesday and told me the story how he went to the hospital that evening and had some kind of injections in his neck but that's Roger Talon the story. Yeah right. So yeah, these are a good young guy called a nice race has a good voice and hopefully he'll enjoy his stay down here in South Florida. What kind of ironic of this all turned out because you know if anybody had a crystal ball, somebody I know might have been a little bit more friendly and might have been a little bit more cooperative and might actually have wound up with that job. There are blasting up on the outside Jackie Moe and the jeep sees a warrior up for the early lead make that out in the middle of the race track that's a slow joke. Yeah, well whoever it is Jack whoever it might be right. I mean you do indeed no harness racing dodges. I sure do and when a guy calls horses go to the half mile pool six times in the same race it must be a really long race no one of the get tired. Well I was a kid growing up in the U.R. I used to listen to Jack Lee to give it some idea how old he might be. When he was great right when he was good. So anyway setting him aside if we can so tomorrow night we open at 7.30 gates open at 6. We got free admission for everybody and the first 2500 people get what? They get I tell you what I have my keys on it right now this really nice keychain is heavy. I mean this is a quality item here and it's got the what will be the $5 chip in Pompado Park's card rooms it really is a nice item. I mean this is a nice giveaway and everybody well at first 2500 you're going to get that tomorrow night so good way to start out the season I think and the Neil you will no longer see any Pompano pink around here as well the place looks totally different. I hope you get here in the daylight where you can really get a view of what this place looks like the track is that a magnificent job here fixing this place up it is spotless from top to bottom. Great and the dining room of course re-open a clubhouse will be back open again for the fall meeting and we got all our guys coming back while he'll be back I'm sure Joe Pavius here already I guess. Yep Joey's here a lot of the guys are back range is around we have some new guys coming in we have most of these guys are coming with between 15 and 20 head which is good the Rick Plano who's been racing at Vernon down the state and Virgil Morgan Jr. guy that races out in Ohio and he had one of the heat winners in the little brown chaga horse but the name of the traplist. Right. Vicky Howard is an owner Bobby Inman's the trainer they're coming from the meadows of Dean College of Roger behind. Right Dean College by the way an Ohio horseman who at one time was the caretaker of Ramlin Willie you remember the hot dog love Bob Ferrington. Right Rick Hercules and other guys coming and you're one of your favorite guys Jeff Gregory's going to be back. All right. That's a landing exactly so. And it looks like Kevin Wallace will be back when Hazel Park closes in a couple weeks if he doesn't have too much money by that time boy he is just I've been watching on the dish or Hazel Park and he had five winners on Tuesday night and he didn't have any in the first six races five out of the last seven he's breaking every record in history and he started there as you know because he was here late he started a month late in the meeting and he's just a zillion wins ahead everybody. He really isn't having looking at his stats up at Hazel Park this summer and he's driven not every race but pretty close to it at an incredible batting average. Yep. So Kevin's coming back all the main guys are coming back we're looking forward to a great season. We all also increase the person's because the dark night's thermal casting this summer has allowed us to do that. Yeah what does very well. Yeah really did I mean we have increases up to 29% certain categories 17 five climbers are going for 29% more that the pot is now up to $6,200. The 10 climbers going from 3,200 to 4,500 that's the 29% increase so there's an across the board increase of about 20% right through. Beautiful and that will go up throughout the season. Okay looking forward to what I'll see you tomorrow night the fat man you can be sure will be the first one through the gates so give the inspection and the certified everything is kosher. Well he'll have to go into the kitchen I guess to check that. There he goes. Well you know that's a no no for him for a rich no no no no for the kitchen of the or the mutual before. Yeah guy it kind of bad when he started the you know tasting the soup with the stinger before everybody else got to that I think that was the last straw. But well we're ready for you or ready for rich and everybody else that would love to come out tomorrow looking forward to seeing everybody know we'll be there. Thanks a lot Gary. Take care see you tomorrow night. Bye bye Gary said about the new general manager of pop at O'Park great guys been around for a long time here he's been a track announcer for many many years and now he you know deservedly so gets bumped up to a higher post and we're going to have a really good mate you can just feel it you can smell it it's going to be great. Okay 7519463 and 8524WildD and proud I got this TCI stuff I want to get into a great life because I know as the moments draw closer to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Saturday night and the panther opener in Philadelphia by the way wait till you hear this wait till you hear this guess who's supposed to be who's invited himself on to show again tomorrow morning for two hours wait a minute wait a minute with the promise that he is grown okay I know wish he could see the look on your face and the way you give me the and I am just a skeptical if not more so than you are that he is growing up here is going to come in here and go ballistic until all of the race behind the story and I don't even want to mention his name for fear of losing the audience here's a point in the cello that was beautiful okay whatever it was beautiful here's yes hi yes hello no I thought that was on the phone yes George is now doing snooze drop-ins for rimmer yes I am just calling to say hello in good morning I think you're the funniest man in the whole world yeah this must be one of the coxies do you and I got my men around 15 laps just right before that man called just now in the article you read yeah I was left so hard I could not or you really I peed my pants when I read at this morning that was a put on plastic underwear just to keep reading it over and over again about bob green says this and bob green says that and it's a very management intensive thing we require a lot of attention which is interesting because they're never here anyway so what's what's all the attention and then the one about the car knows that whoever was so funny yeah with you how about how about the priest in lutes where all those bible thump and yahoo zah over there and lutes all those righteous yahooz and here's a a fag priest over there and lutes who's been ripping off the church so we could pay for his little uh whatever you had going on so typical more isolated incidents man just remember that okay no I love you so god bless you sweetheart and have a great day and god bless you have no dnick to over there at the scum sent a little okay whatever his name is higher power w i d r n i we're in business here to uh to convert the world as what we're in business here for a jiff we're here to say a prayer but we're all hot hot or night cox a hoist oh i mean the stuff that you're reading of course it's so typical it fits in like a rubber glove it fits in beautifully two bad deankeys by the way pulled it out last night Texas had a nice four to one leading that game did I tell you one Gonzalez is god boys he good two tremendous homeruns one it was just fair but nonetheless it counts and uh they had a four one lead they blew it and lost it in twelve innings with a throwing ear five to four but deankeys are like they're under ropes man they're like hanging on by their toenails and of course the orials like i told you and it's gonna be interesting to see what happens today with the alamar thing because now he's dropped his appeal and uh the uh the union says Donald fiercest the only thing we have to fear is me he says that uh this suspension never would go out of the playoff anyway it always have to be in a regular season so never never was any chance of him sitting out to play off and whether the umpars are gonna sit still for this or not or wait till next year the first five games who knows only the Lord knows and we don't know who he's bitten on yet 10 26 a Wiod. talking entertainment radio 16 Wiod. 10 31 a Wiod. God bless you children we have uh very slow start here this morning on a phone looks like it's gonna really be deadly but then again I can take a lot of time and we'd all the memos there from TCI cable about how they're really have your best interest at heart here is the Miami hello yes sir what's up how you doing uh sorry game last night a replay on the dish yeah i'm a double cent but unfortunately my amy he's at half watt half can you yeah i'm circumcised yeah i tell him to put it away okay time to put it back and is uh pantalolat yeah yeah yeah i know was it was uh jersey and detroit it was the first time i'm gonna like a mad dog he's in the end of the game he's a jackass uh well who's a bust in the end of the body yeah hold on one second hello yes on the old that thing is unbelievable what's it investment oh i got the teen intellectuals night yeah and the dish too well i don't know why people aren't out there buying them like crazy and i did hear more misinformation by the way this morning on qm maybe if they talked to the guy from sports channel like we did yesterday instead of just sitting there and guessing maybe they would know that yes it is gonna be on the small dish and they're uh pre and that the first game will be on and also they would know that at midnight uh Friday night tomorrow night that all these cable companies like continental and the jones and some of these others will have uh the sports channel right other than tci which is busy screw on people yeah we we live down south and uh we've got a don't feel cable and let me tell you some that is the pitch they are the worst the absolute worst yeah but uh the reception is so clear um and i picked up NHL center ice along with uh another sports package that the offer for like 140 right all the uh regional sports channels right primed network and all the other ones and it's it's a bargain i'm telling for about 100 books here you've got access to everything uh clarity is unbelievable took me a couple hours in the solid and uh we're home free i'm uh great that's a way to go it's uh bro get investment i heard that the Sony is a lot faster than the RCA uh i picked up the Sony a lot faster with what with the uh the brain like the actual receiver like you're you know changing from channel to channel uh there's no like uh lag there's no you know you're rearing it hard how long does it take it takes like a second uh i don't know i mean my the Sony's like super fast uh even if you input like uh three thirteen enter or whatever have you i mean you're there you don't have to press enter run a small dish no you don't not on the RCA well i've got the Sony oh well like i said so the so the extra time it takes for you to press the ant extra button is the only different well you know i'm glad you like what you got but believe me that it's not a consideration the RCA even the first generation which is what i got it changes one channel to next you know in a heartbeat in addition to which all of as you know the hockey games are like all right next to each other the baseball past you're uh and the same with the football and all the sporting events so that you can just really go up and down and scan for uh to see what's going on all of the different games or or punch in the number which everyone you want to do but i mean it's that that's not a consideration exactly well we've been listening to you for years and uh you know we finally get enough cashed by it and uh you know for four hundred bucks it's a it's a great investment there you go nail your got hang out a second yeah yeah yeah yeah so one more thing there's a room we're going around in my gym yeah that room is looking for steroids okay pal he can use them he could use them okay get out of here okay that was Denise potman on the phone we have uh really a wicked start here this morning all the day lines are wide open seven five one nine four six three two and brown five two four w-i-o-d two on a green lines i get what this is it's going to be an every other day kind of a thing get used to what man monday was great yesterday sensational Tuesday was a suicide inducing day and i think today again but hey we just keep plotting right along as long as Jeff nude the keeps putting my picture in the paper and stupid articles we just keep plotting right along keep doing it pal here's plantation hello you're more in the okay uh listen i was wondering no when you were talking with the same Gary side L is it side Bell yeah I bel- well what was he talking about uh card room what does that have to do it on January starting as you anyway first there will be card rooms uh at poppin o park for uh you know poker poker for money huh yeah oh great for money right and um uh Kevin Wallace he won't be there tomorrow right no he will not he's just still got a couple weeks to go and hazel park who's the who's a good jokey that will be there but jokey there will be no jokey's there we have drivers there we have a good jokey's well i don't know how much about horn is going to be funny Tennessee Bruce Ranger Joe Pavia we got some outstanding drivers there okay and um what's going to ask you um yes do you think that the um the panthers will try and pick up a score since that which is going to be out for two to three weeks uh i don't hear anything about that i haven't heard any indication that we are on the verge of getting anybody here that uh we're uh i don't i don't are you surprised that they didn't go uh go after anybody a senator or a winger during the office he's not no i'm not because there was the first of all there wasn't that much available out there at a reasonable price that we're going to be willing to pay and secondly uh Brian Murray doesn't want to give up all these good young players we've got right and what about what about pre-mo did he stay with Detroit the rumor is that he uh the rumor i heard yesterday is that latest deal is pre-mo and Paul coffee to Hartford for Brendan Shanahan uh right but some of the Detroit players are little nervous about having Brendan and Detroit because he just can't control a stick okay pal have a great thing okay look at this phone bank maybe we got the one mobile here and then we go to Louise hello wild okay sir uh i'm feeling great feeling great surprise you would all the you see the mall who cause to kick him up but yeah you see we're driving a nice 75 no i did not i don't have any mall hello cuz man they're like trapped them all down oh it's terrible yeah terrible thing anyway can't wait for how you see this start pump it apart yeah it's a good weekend it'll be great great great great i can see the excitement level here is phenomenal i can see it right now you can feel it these people are like can't even control themselves yeah but i got Jones so i'll be able to watch it right sir you got in fact i got the memo right here from the Jones people that says uh one moment please Jones Intercapable and sports channel floor down our smallty year encourage agreement and it says at midnight on Friday uh Jones cable will uh click that baby on well i'm gonna stay up just to make sure there you go it says baby sister lots of service october fifth at uh in other words midnight tomorrow night very good in plenty of time for the game all right can i call somebody do you back yes sir i tied your a bug spraying douchebag okay have a good one and back to you okay that clears out our busy board there that's the end of this 1037 and that's the end of our show today like i said i consider we'd all the memo is from tci which it kills some good time but that's really not the purpose of the show 751 wiod and day five two four nine four six three and Broward and 1 800 nine four four nine four six three you know on Monday i had this fall since his security that now that we had Ron and Ron on there in the morning we were gonna have this phenomenal lead in that there was gonna be just this this ongoing continued weight y'all i'm saying this continuing thing where the phones were just gonna be smoking and right into rick and suds and right through the entire broadcast day it would be like not having to jump started at any given point of the day right here's the purple on again hello hello Neil yes sir hey Neil are you doing okay well first off congratulations on the switch can't be anything but positive well if we had an audience that was awakened alive that would really put me on top of the world but we don't want to overdo it we did too well yesterday so we don't want to do two days in a row on driving but that doesn't take me on the way girl live yeah question about cigar what what's the right to correct humidity for for some time I haven't got any idea because i don't i don't have a human or an amount of a cigar freak now just wondering with all the humidity down here if it's even necessary i would talk to if what's necessary that's to have a human or to keep them humidified it is if you have a sea because that dehumid it yeah that's right i'm not unless you're living outside you got a problem you know if you're living outdoors no problem at all okay okay you're living under an overpass but of course you're living under an overpass how can you afford cigars well you have a lot left overhead that's true all right who could i call seven 70 70 and 70 that's what somebody just called informa some puffer some professional puffer that's what i needed to know okay pal thanks lot best a lot okay blow some good ones okay we have two open lines in day 7 50 946 3 100 purple line pound i od to in brown at 17 on a green lines et cetera et cetera et cetera et cetera unbelievable so like i said i sure like that Roberto alamar and it's interesting last night when they did have Donald fear on a Yankee arranger game it's interesting that uh on one hand Tom uh what's his name bretman was talking uh uh the one side of the story about how was in excusable what he did and people were uh aghast and aghast and aghap but on the other hand the other guy who was with bretman who i have no idea who he wasn't really blows but he made a good point to Donald fear two about the baiting by the um pirates they addressed that issue and the fact that it's been going on for years and something needs to be done about it and that's definitely got to be addressed so we're not saying nobody here has said that alamar was right to spit in anybody's face but on the other hand what started it baby and they keep showing at replay over and over and over again f you f you f you f you there it is you can't say it but boy if you you got to be duff duff dumb and blind not to see what they all are saying back and forth f you f you two f you great there's good family entertainment that all the kids can enjoy here's a lady mobile and bokeh hello i am a living bretman female well hallelujah i mean to reiterate the date br i just start listening to you but always the point of the article today in the lifestyle section of some stuff i haven't got any idea you know i made reference to it you and i must be the only ones who saw it because nobody else got anything out of it or has anything to say about it is usual uh i think the the essence is that uh Jeff Nudon that could write this column uh just can't believe that but pecks is letting us do our things yeah i think a lot of these people were sitting back waiting to rub their hands and g and expecting them to clamp down on us and stop us from doing our act which was never the intent from the beginning i i didn't find it funny how they're going to change the number to um whatever w w got or whatever that it's right w g o d right and that was really funny or to kneel good yeah that would be good yeah that was really funny and then did you believe in the lifestyle section on the front page that left column i would forget that guy's name i think he's not one of your favorites ray wretched yeah yeah he wrote about the situation between almar yeah i i'm glad you brought that up because i forgot about him which is easy to do he wrote a really stupid as usual in sipping column and the essence of it is that our kid i thought he had a point though i really did what's that well here's this girl whose tenure is all doesn't he or he or his old doesn't even take the super pills no i'm not talking about that part i'm talking about what you're referring to the part about the uh the alamar incident and he says in here kids are seeing all these people cheering a guy who's bitten somebody's face what's the message i think in that case the message is that they respect this guy that they like him a lot and the fact is that they before they were boing and cheering him in the batting practice a lot of people did boom but you don't hold something like that against someone for the rest of their lives and you don't condemn them and you don't you know everybody can lose control everybody can make a mistake he didn't steal or freight train he didn't hit anybody didn't kill anybody and life goes on exactly but at that point what i was just trying to say is that the girl gets a 10 days suspension and he gets a five yeah so i mean you know what i don't know how about how about Michael Irvin he's coming back this week and all he was doing was screwing around with a bunch of hookers and the doing cocaine and stuff like that he got five games and of course football they don't play as many games so people would say well that's pretty pretty step penalty what what kind of a penalty is that for a guy who was in all a crap that he was and that fans will cheer him and life will go on and exactly right and Albert Balsin right exactly so i guess we because Bobby Alamara lost control for a couple of seconds there for whatever reason and did something that's totally inexcusable therefore he's in the same category with these other people with guys who are doing drop-up and screwing around on their wives hallelujah and do you what happened to see them i think they really ought to show it a few more times that you at you yeah do you see the Michael Jordan interview last night of the day I saw about two minutes of it I made the mistake as I was scanning through of drop-in areas his head is so shiny that it was blinded by the light and the earring was big enough to hang most people's laundry on so yeah I saw a second or two of it and that he was on there on king plugging his perfume line here's the guy that's his collone line he's making 25 million dollars for playing basketball and now he's out there with a line of collone for men smelled just like me my friend is a corporate attorney and scargo and he represents a law firm that handles a lot of his cases yeah apparently he's got like this king thrown chair in his board room and he'll come in there and it's like put pants and that shirt on and like he's known to like barely be closed during a lot of these meetings he's like king touched it in a chair hallelujah I'm gonna bow down in the rubbish ball spot if I get 510 million have a great day sweetheart bye bye open line and date 751 oh there's Brendan Shanahan they're on the ice what are they talking about here did we make the deal yet or not they're Shanahan with Hartford on the ESPN we don't know what's going on because we don't have the audio up anyway two upper lines in Broward 5249463 here's Miami hello my name okay sir I have a day with last year's fire report I'm not funny but he's reported it he's on another show now he's on watch show it's clueless that take the show the movie yeah on Friday's at nine o'clock okay now just just he know that he's not on you can't watch him on blossom and I can watch him on another show is he naked wow he plays like a high school kid to how are they okay pal thank you to news yeah okay we get all the good stuff for you here two upper lines in date 751 to and Broward 5249 yes nobody else thought they're cares about the TCI thing nobody is interested in that and an interesting part of their memos which may or may not be accurate but it says they're getting 30 to 33 calls a day so if allegedly they're all these panther fans and all these cable subscribers and they've got two to 300,000 subscribers and data Broward locked in there with TCI if they're really all these people are pissed off I'll tell you what thing you're sure is I'll not call them 1045 at WIOD talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD the club is locked they sold this radio station now the future isn't out unbelievable we've been talking about vaccines ever since Cox pulled out now we'll work for Texas boys the man's a million and don't want for Texas he's like Wayne with more hair you might think that it's a bummer when Bill Henry's gone say goodbye to Aaron summers say hi to Ron and Ron they're gone what are you and that's a matter of fact what are you sure but he'll change in his act I sense on again Christian oh I just a second beat he wants to change the stations letters WGOD now will work for Texas they'll cut it's T.C. the train is gone actually it's gone one for Texas Texas will make the sign of the cross so listen to your about that priest in Loots it's 1048 at WIOD we got a couple open lines in date 7519463 751 WIOD baby it's going to be great it's going to be sensational when we get in that new studio the audience will still be a bunch of this but we're going to be having a great time here's a mobile in what how to how can that be in Coco Beach hello yeah I can hear you all the way up here come on you're you're slapping my thigh okay the left Coco Beach the holiday and you're coming in loud and clear all right they must crank that thing up to least 50 watts now you know and he got five games and I'll say it again baseball's 162 and football's only 16 so there is a difference there but nevertheless I mean five games is five games and how do you make a comparison between it too guide lost his temper during the you know he did an argument spit in the guys face inexcusable unacceptable but it wasn't like the end of the world and his other guys out there doing just grow test things cheat not his wife screwing around doing cocaine and he gets five games and now I bring him back and let's uh I'm with a game hey man okay pal have a great life should have been gone but he'll be back this week and I guarantee when he comes out there those Dallas fans man they'll be cheering I don't know who they're playing or where they're playing is coming weekend but wherever it is I hope they lose their ass they just barely wriggle off hooked against the hobbling Eagles the other night so I have a feeling that they could be right for it and I didn't hear skip bailis with Ron and Ron yesterday I wish I would have heard it evidently was on early but from what he had to say about Barry swishr he's uh not exactly what people think he might be other than a sleazebag and I don't think we heard too much about Troy Eggman and his boyfriends but that may be coming next time or maybe they will be here's my amy hello my amy yes I'll come here yes I'll are yeah okay listen I've listened to you for about 15 years now yes and I'm from Detroit and I have some friends of mine to note Dick Perkins has he knows you real well yes he does and I was out to dinner the other night with some fun I know Dick you know Dick you used to work with him you did and I was about whatever you say I'll just go along with what you say okay well anyway I don't think so about the dinner dinner night with bunch of my friends you know I was telling you you know I've been listening you for about 15 years yeah I might come down here right and he says tell me he says you know he says boy nearly says he's been taking in the ass for 40 years now and I'm just wondering if he's any truth to this that's cute that's really cute what is there any truth to it no no true no I don't think Dick has either you don't think how about you have you no I don't you sound like he's not what that scratchy voice like you may not make the new year no I just will come to right now yeah haven't only on the right side of bed okay pal don't drop the of gasoline we have an open line in date 75194 the host you know who that must be that must be that same asshole from Detroit that got the bug up his ass about Kevin Wallace that's what got him started today that's the guy that's the guy the Kevin Wallace hater guess what Kevin didn't get in any trouble in Windsor Kevin isn't being suspended Kevin is winning races like crazy one five board hazel park Tuesday which I seen myself on a satellite and he's gonna be down here and probably lead all drivers again which we just love okay so look out for your own record don't worry about mine okay everything's just fine two open lines on the green lines 1-800-944-944-636 a little slow at a course you said it like scratchy or than usual and doesn't sound like he's gonna be around too much longer damn it here's a Davy on a purple line hello yes sir hey check this out I'm sure you heard about this quote out of the scum sent me yeah I'm making air sent no I did not hear okay uh here's what it says I really would have no choice to if uh move he's moving and he's moving out he's leaving us he's leaving yet another threat and if the if the my amy arena continues to be controlled by housing and management company I have no choice to sell or move to right oh he said that he's been saying that all along this is the new deal he's making the big threats and he did you're gonna vote for the thing or I'm moving thank god Wayne never you know he acts as a rod like that or light about it when we'll tell you something right now and you can mark it down if Broward Connie would change their mind and decide they want to build his facility I will not play here say thank god at Wayne as a man of his warden would never have changed his mind and the Yankees are ready to make threats no thing he's yeah yeah call them same thing go get the little dish you know something oh they really told you that they told me that's very nice go get the I said what do I have to get a dish and I and the lady says well the little dish has it I said three tell me to go get it so we're not gonna have it oh she said we're not gonna have it yeah all right let's hear it for TCI oh I got this memo again right in front of me that says there's so concerned about public relations it says although customer animosity may get worse before it gets better as the season begins and we still have no agreement please continue to put the customer first philosophy to work and letting the customer know that we're trying to bring the service to the customers who wanted without having to require those who don't want it to pay for it yeah customer first right and go buy a dish I love it you got to love it hey I remember I don't go buy the rush joke but just go buy a dish because we can't do it for it unbelievable I remember back I want to go you said that you had a Mickey Erson asshole song yeah when let you play it oh yeah I don't do we still have that George tell you play me on news nuggets what's gonna be on Neil's nuggets November first when at stuff got oh it's filthy that's right we're not gonna put it on here oh you can't play that but it'll be on the CD you can go out and buy it on your nuggets it'll be on my nuggets oh man in their last guy too if he's got any well find out if rumors got any tomorrow this is gonna be a pretty exciting yeah go grow up here I'm chicken McNuggets okay see you pal that's right it's not that far away today's October 3rd and come I know November one less than a month away we'll have all our CDs and cassettes out for center one and the best news is at least the best news to me since he was nice enough to do it for us Phil Henry put a whole bunch of stuff together he and Andy compiled another best of fill thing and other fact that he's not here anymore that the only way you're gonna hear a lot of Phil Henry great stuff is to buy that CD come November one so I think that's probably gonna be the big best seller we got another best of Neil that's the best one ever got great stuff on it and we also got Neil's nuggets which has stuff that we can't play on the air it's got stuff that were tired of playing on the air like the bridge tender and Jack and a box in that crap crepitation contest crepitation concert on censored is on air you might even hear a little bit or two here at 10 55 at Wio D talk in entertainment radio 610 Wio D Miami Fort Latterio I'm Mike Paxton Skywatch 610 Wio D I'm Tom Robert Skywatch 610 Wio D Alex Bennett Steve Kane Nick Lawrence got a shape in Mike Lawrence got sworn sermon and Gale Bright Coleman Chandler Sandy Bailey for wasn't when wild Steve Stanzler don't forget Bill Wise. Cherima Honey Johnny Dolan Aileen Epstein name is Kobo and Hummus Dan Major Darzy McIntyre the prize very Larry Final Coney Ford sharing presents Joan has sister squeeze your hand the pair of paw we can't forget the people though we tried to hide them and forget we knew them they used to work these items even though at times they made us lose our minds and we bear a wig, Alpern Tim being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark Johnny dark and Joseph Gackie. I think Goldberg McGream Marvin Roman War needs definitely Lewis Quinn and Wimstone forget between these are all the people who are still here working and new still working we are all the people I would like to experiment with it This is Fred Rogers of Mr. Rogers neighborhood not so loud Fred you might wake the kids up cut the crap love it a clock right on the shnaz they're on Wio D look at this this is just beautiful I noticed by the way that maybe the audience is just oblivious we haven't had anybody calling yet not even any old yentice saying how do you wear the news we'd like to know what's going on nobody I mean how often can you repeat the same stupid news anyway we know what's going on we know all the crap out there that's going on enough is enough already what it seems stupid news and so what kind of loosens it up a little bit and gives us more time to sit here and beg for phone calls and have a great time and we're loving it here is a plantation hello hello yes sir you're yes I am what's with these uh journalists man you're analysts yeah right or what can't they uh what can they just can they just see that uh you guys are with the people who are here and right I mean it's nothing nothing nothing is going to stop well it's they're trying to make a story out of something that doesn't exist in other words they're looking for a hook they're trying to say all of it you know passions born again and there was all the speculation mostly by them anyway then once he took over I mean you just anybody really think that any of us would have stayed here if we were going to have to sit here and like read from the Bible on here every day what were they thinking about I don't know thinking about we're going to turn this into a religious station isn't there more better better stuff to uh to write about it makes stories about it evidently not I thought you were just a better stuff yeah yeah almost a little close I don't blame you I think well I think uh they are writing about what you almost said yeah a lot of shots exactly yeah I got a question for you I did you like the quotes from Bob Green though about how you know we have a lot of heavy management has to be involved yeah we might take packs and on a ride of his life for good or for worse yeah right yeah right this Bob but anyway anyway he's uh I got saying uh I was wondering about uh uh geez this would do I like bill yeah what exactly what I mean what was the story he just went with the package I never got you know something if I could tell you 100% positively sure I'd be the first one to tell you I mean everybody's got a different opinion I don't think in this case that what you see is what you get I think that um for whatever reason the packs and people didn't uh take feels contract that they didn't uh take him on here I mean that's that's the only thing that we can gather and at the Cox people said well let's hang on well because he's a good talent we'll find him a thing somewhere in the organization and they had an opening out of KFI and L.A. and they put him on out there and that's the best I can determine okay because because you see way back in May when the announcement was made of the radio station when Paxon had the press conference the one of the first things he announced was that Aaron Summer's wasn't going to be with us and Phil Henry wasn't going to be with us which at the time I thought oh it's he why are they doing this because now Phil's going to be a lame duck for four months and it's going to be really rough and it was but uh so obviously at that time they wanted everybody to know for whatever reason he was not going to be here I can't understand that was that that seems like a really not unless we can not unless we can see Brian Cox's fine hands somewhere in the middle of that and that hold off and thing yeah I'm serious one more question yes sir keep coming back to Amiga okay pal all right okay maybe he'll tell you the answer we have an open line at Broward 5249463524 Wild and a big parent Broward and the agreement line whatever the place is so what's the story on this so were you tell me or was Steve tell me Steve nickel was tell me about the phone set up over there we still have the purple line we still have our three day three Broward and we still have 800 the line so all about we've been threatening Palm Beach that they might get cut off they knew better we couldn't cut them off I mean just for Paul Harvey Jr you marked my words he'll be on there in a heartbeat seven five what is it 1-800-944-9463 1-800-Paul Harvey Jr God here's Hollywood hello yes sir yes I am okay good I'm gonna miss that Neil God the off your CD yeah that what would you call it that bit you're not gonna miss it we're just put a little bleep in there we now then so nobody gets psychotic oh I like that yeah I really did listen the other day when you know Brian dark cross called it was talking to uh I can said yes it I heard I heard the Todd tongue-in-call and yesterday I guess all the lightweight weather guys the call and Rick and said now and I heard Todd telling Rick that yeah Brian's the one to set up down here at Key West he's got a real in there so to speak well someone called that means someone called you up and said he was in real tight down here at Key West and you got him in in I hear yeah but someone it called you I believe and said that he said the effort yeah yeah what he said is he said I hate to call up and mock up MUCK your afternoon oh my god he hates to call and mock that's what he said unbelievable but getting back to the sports situation with not that you have to suck yeah for mock right uh DFO had some interesting ins and sites last night about what uh when he was talking about you know the situation and and how it's so inappropriate for the uh the um um um um um um um um pirates too you know even consider to strike yeah striking and uh and I think he really kind of hit on it you know they don't have they don't have uh an option you know well you know it's interesting well he last night there was saying oh yeah well we can do it anyway even though our contract prevents us from doing that so what they'll does that mean exactly that means take the contract and wipe your uh rectum with it because we not gonna live up to it that's like what I think it was Reagan did with the flight controllers right just fired them that's right boom across the board he was he was a hell of a guy wasn't he that Reagan he didn't care about unemployment as long as it wasn't his now of course he can't remember any of that that's true well what was that right um but anyway he finally started at the day while I was in office well I don't remember being in office so well what's that all about yeah what contours what drugs what's the IA exactly what is the deal well how come people just can't get over the situation with this with the drug deals I mean how long have we been now fighting drugs 30 years yeah and we are we know 30 seconds we are not fighting drugs that's the biggest forest in history well it's don't you understand that the whole D.E.A the whole all of the app apparatus of the drug uh the anti drug organization of the government all it is is just it's keeping jobs for people that's all it's just it does two things it's good public relations because it makes it look like the government's out there to get all the drug use and number two it it employs a lot of people a ton of people and number three it costs the taxpayers a lot of money how did you say increases their national debt right that's right they're not fighting drugs they know nothing about fighting drugs it's a joke it's a farce it's a mockery and anybody who doesn't believe that the CIA was up to their ass and every kind of subversive activity including the Kennedy assassination and the drugs is a moron exactly it's like it's like the speeding laws is you heard yesterday Rick and says we're going over that no they've increased the penalty and for the uh at the state level the state troopers now for speeding for when they catch you now the levels of speeding are you know it's like from one to nine miles an hour went up to 25 bucks and from 10 to 15 went up to like oh well thank god the governor ain't got a lot of the pros that before runs out of time thank the lord as well they're you know they really need to look for something to do they need another source of revenues what they need they don't need more to do they need another source of revenue it's a joke law enforcement and the state of florist has to do basically with one thing only and that is getting revenue for the county for the uh cities and for the state that's it that's it that's not about speeding it's not about the safety and it's not about the serious crime because that's dangerous I was in the uh uh Cooper City this morning yeah well that's dangerous oh tell me and I was driving through uh I guess it was a speed time didn't see the sign was a school zone oh oh and they had three cops there yeah just sitting there you didn't get nailed it yeah not that time oh I was watching my rear you know what I mean yeah but um getting back to the sports situation that you're right there is absolutely no parity I mean for you know for what the you know I want to tell you something the rease the response and all the verbiage that's going on about the spitting incident so far outweighs all the stuff that was said about the Michael Irvin episode yeah it's not even there's no comparison so in other words America can handle a guy screwing around with a bunch of hookers even if he's married they can handle a guy who's doing cocaine or whatever drugs he might you know I uh uh variety a smorgasborded drugs that's okay but if you're spitting somebody's face now uh you're really done so you cross the line man now I'm pissed off and you're an asshole what is that what is that all about if this had happened in the 50s or the 60s nothing would have been said about it oh I didn't notice he sprayed him pretty I had noticed that the first 600 times I saw it but he sprayed him pretty good maybe he was practicing the moral of the exactly so the moral of the story is if you're going to spray somebody's spritz him real good right cover on baby right and then go get an ace test just like the uh just like the insects if you're going to spritz him man uh dousen well I'm looking forward to you coming up here to Hollywood we are too man in fact to work going up to saffton and to check out the new wood joint excellent and the place too follow I I would like to hear you know that the Neil God CD that's cool okay like it have a great day pal see you back not today though open line of Brower at 5249463524W WOD and two on the green lines 1 800 944 I think somebody owes me an apology in bulk of by the way somebody up there with a duffy uh Philadelphia cable or whatever the hell it is that guy that called yesterday and had the misinformation from some misinformation form telephone operator who didn't know or asked from our elbow and then we get our friend the Richard on there from sports channel Florida who gives the correct information and this guy had everybody up there in bulk of panicking all of the and of course a lot of the panther players live up there in bulk of all the way think if uh it's uh i don't want to get into that thing okay at least not today do I so how's Andrews Assen woods by the way here's for a lot of Dale hello Neil yes sir just got off the line with uh direct TV oh and and inquired about sports channel being available down in this area yes and uh they looked it up and went to a supervisor and said that sports channel is being blacked out in our area it's not available from direct TV and the only uh sports programming channel that's available is the sunshine network that's uh baloney what what do you mean it's being blacked out they it's not one of those channels that you can access on the small net yet we discussed that with uh with the guy from sports channel the yesterday and did they say it was going to be available and we'll be available all they're doing is looking for a trend see this is the problem and you because I've talked to people a direct TV too they don't know their answer from their elbow you're right when you talk to these people who answered telephones whether it's your cable company whether it's at the uh uh your satellite uh programming service they don't know what they're talking about no and I could I could give you I could waste our time and give you hours and hours of stories both on the big dish and the small dish of talking to people who are just phone operators who don't have any idea what they're talking about well maybe somebody will call in who knows what they're talking about the he already did yesterday and he promised me that as soon as they have the uh the MS the absolute information as soon as they find out whether it's going to be this week's the Saturday's game or after that and what uh uh channel it'll be on we'll be the first one to know well we'll stay tuned but he he just about guaranteed that it will be on a small dish god bless him okay pal thanks no see a bite which doesn't you know make it absolutely a hundred percent but he's not a pretty sure of it and all they gotta do is find some spot which by the way Richard if you're listening three or one is open three or two they can move that sports guide to someplace else there's uh some places open there are three hundred's on a direct TV so we're quick using that as an excuse direct TV and let's get with the program in addition to which can you imagine how many dishes they could sell or how much more programming even people have already got this small dish who may not have the sports package would be on that phone subscribing immediately if that's the way they had to do to get the panther game starting on Saturday here's a mobile and dear field hello i need a sorry okay uh you know what you know that one more thing over and over again i think if you look at a real close what happened was he didn't spit on him he bumped heads with David Johnson one of his dis exploded was that what it was that's what happened in fact that might have been David Johnson's cheek that blew up in uh in her in her yeah I was gonna say her failed her she's back space yes in fact wouldn't it be funny for what was a burst felt in hot john her speck you never know because nobody knows about spit and better than a burst felt thank you now thanks a lot good point yeah might have been David you see his neck last night oh my god i'm watching that game yesterday the real Cleveland game and they they keep showing the close ups and the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life this is the man who invented your pushfall on a part and i go and i look into mirror and i said you know for an old fart you don't look all that great you never did but i mean can sit compared to David Johnson like everything is still in the right place and my skin isn't like just sagging and falling off in places where it's illegal hey get that Michael Jordan crap man you're uh oh it'll be great you rub it on your balls bot all these people Elizabeth Taylor all these people with more money than god and uh and goddess and it coming out with uh with essence of uh my rectum whatever the hell it is they're peddling i think everybody in america wants to smell like Michael Jordan don't you George does open line in uh Broward 5249463524 W.Y. would do what on a green line so how many people are calling T.C.I. by the way here's the number for you because i don't i don't mean to think it's happening i heard the uh the worst thing this morning how can i try and i could about it and uh we were talking about it a lot yesterday it seemed to be like the only topic anybody cared about a Saturday gets near but uh they claim that they're not getting like in and they did with phone calls so on this memo that i received here which i wasn't supposed to but nevertheless it was passed on to me by somebody at T.C.I. this is no one from yesterday by the way this is a new one from today that doesn't have anything on it saying absolutely confidential and doesn't say not for broadcast so Cheryl bnc bnceta a big your pardon that's right Cheryl b i a n c a t t t e Cheryl bnceta what ever it is Cheryl she's uh one of the haunches there at T.C.I. south region and it says thank you for your help this is to the employees of T.C.I and please call me with questions or direct customers to me with questions so she's inviting customers who have questions about sports channel Florida and their T.C.I. think to call her at nine five four seven two three seventy one thirty eight Cheryl talk to Cheryl and let her give you a good line of BS or tell you what it's all about that said Cheryl at nine five four seven two three seventy one thirty eight it says thanks again you're welcome Cheryl and let's get the show on a road because Richard from a sports handle Florida yesterday was right he said the only way that you're going to like pressure these people is to in and date them with phone calls thirty or thirty five a day especially from the same people that ain't going to get the job done okay 11 14 a W i o d talk and entertainment radio sixty W i o d 11 17 a W i d anybody see a rod Alex Rodriguez with the Roy fire speaking of people's faces falling apart Roy firestone's got Davy Johnson disease I haven't seen Roy in some time on TV or like off TV and boy last night what what they got hit with the with the Davy Johnson stick his like neck is then they did a oh man so anyway he had Alex Rodriguez on it was pretty good and then he had she'll on the later but the rod Rodriguez interview was pretty good except for the fact he got into this thing about what you know you're young and single and all these girls and guys and everybody else is running up and down the street and like oh my god it's a rod and all the other and how do you maintain your you know your sanity and keep your perspective and then he puts his thumb where they're supposed to be a peen and he puts his thumb once was enough where they're supposed to be a peen so anyway then he goes into that god stuff and I thought why you're doing this Alex why are you doing this you know about why all he looks to the Lord and Lord is uh he was a Dominican oh yeah he was he had the frac on too he said something about frac I think I was the one I was saying that so Alex Rodriguez is the best player in baseball I'll tell you that one Gonzalez ain't far behind for Texas boy he is really something else but because he plays in that uh in that back wood's place there you don't know who down those here's a mobile in a golden gate whatever that might be hello yes sir yeah the cable company over here cvi just changed over to time Warner yeah and we have the sports channel as watching the pander show the other night it's already yep alright they said we will see no less than 65 regular season games that is correct yep so I just thought you'd like to hear that congratulations pal I'm right good to hear from a happy camper bye congratulations yes sports channels carrying uh 65 which is all of the pander telecast this year there will be no channel 33 because they were losing money on adn that was a bummed the all-away around and it just didn't work out so all the pander telecast 65 which is pretty good out of an 82 game season will be on sports channel Florida so the two to 300 thousand people who subscribed to tci let's say I mean how many of them might be pander fans they're saying like uh you know 10 percent so that's 20 to 30 thousand people right there who are on the verge of getting screwed and don't even feel good here's a lady in my mebeech hello hello yes ma'am hi male how are you I'm great oh good listen I just want to ask you a question yes my husband heard something on your show and he's just driving me crazy to find out what movie is that something is that something new he's driving you crazy oh no he always does that um uh uh uh honey junior uh past the honey junior yeah what the hell is that I said the honey junior get the honey oh is that was yeah okay he doesn't know where it was from and then there's one where he says grab my junior honey yeah maybe that was the one norm it's from fatso with domedella we's nandbankrupt you ever see fatso no they'll give me it the name again fatso with domedella we's an nandbankrupt you wait the only exactly an anything you never saw no oh you got to see that oh really is anybody your family fat no oh like I said don't waste your time no I'm mostly for fat people if you know if you've never been fat or you're not fat now you know it'll be okay but it's really appreciated by people who got to wait problem you know oh really yeah but he just bad people like me he loves that saying oh you're not sad don't you say I am oh no by the way thanks to Marcie and Walgreens yesterday when I went in there to pick up a couple of things yeah you look so much better the thin version I said just shut up and ring up the snickers uh calling and cut the crap thank you Marcie okay honey and you too bye see yeah yes he was very nice I mean it's that nice to go into like a drugstore and have a couple of things yes I did get a couple of snickers cones I'm sorry but they do they happen to carry it's it's like the Nike thing what do we do do we get rid of the Nike logo or do we get rid of the snickers cones first because snickers cones are addictive and dangerous to your health they're dangerous to mine because I can't stop I can't stop this snickers cones like Dom Deliwee said I can't stop the fatma remember that when he was talking to his mother's picture I can't stop the fat my lucky your chubby boy now open line of day 7519 463 751 you wait the only here's Holly would hello father Jim Bob you're not from lutes I bet they're going a rip-a-or-on-time over there don't want to be a fine thing about us you went with that guy from lutes I wish you could hear you today and just get a reply from him about that little well the best part of that whole deal was that guy was a put on because it turns out that guy really loved the show but it was just uh it was great yeah he was yeah I got a little spiral port for you about your friend in mine everyone's pal pat roberton yeah he was on here's the app I'm not because I got a naval ring and he had a little thing on here today about a naval uh you got a naval I got a naval yeah yeah yeah I bet he'd like bad what I bet he'd like that he'd loved it and that could have had a whole little spew on today about naval persons and body piercings in general and he even had a little doctor on doctor from Miami who it's not body piercings by the way it's body mutilation all right when it's out mutilated out I love it and you know and then you got a nanny going to whole thing about after the doctor done his full spew that I bet that's only one step away from self abuse oh it's not only that a Satanism um personally that I've made these people do it those people have got those uh especially the ones that got the uh the little ring and their uh tip of their penis well you didn't even get into that oh my god yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah your borshness and then of course you went to the uh those thirty-facts you got the course well you know you put the baby killers before the thirty-facts so yeah but the third well that's good we're moving on down there off we're in and around but the third was those people who mutilate their body and take it out of God's image the way God created them uh meanwhile I sit there next to his you know well produce a little girlfriend there you got a good idea that bad uh we're going to that earnest language include circumstances yeah I want to pat robes him circumcised because of when that he's mutilated and he's Satanist only has masseuse knows for sure and uh you know if you want to get sports all you got to do is do what Rupert Murrach didn't just bribe him yeah yeah yeah you get in that t-ci i've been that fox news channel like the fifth news channel we're getting now what he did was you went all the cable companies this is what I read in the paper you went all the cable companies said I'll pay you a thirteen dollars per subscriber to carry my new station and he said well I'm sure we do that here you go we have room for you now well no you're missing the point that's what they want to do they want to make it a page channel so those people who want to get it have to pay extra for it and they're saying well we're going to have to pay more for it so we don't want to all those ups you know you and if they charge all their subscribers how much is it going to come out to a month a dime 15 cents how much can one channel how much additional can it cost yeah if I don't want to say if you said that nobody would even notice in their bill and since when have they been since what have they been picky about raising their customers rates anyway they do it all the time well I think we in between the mystery gets so out to the arena all the time good point yeah okay pal thank you thanks we have an open line of broward five two four nine four six three that's a good idea more you see we don't have to worry about that we got almost 12 thousand season ticket sold they're going to be like in the rafters that's going to be a hard ticket to get this year unless of course I have to sell mine because I got those idiots in my section here's West Palm on a purple line hello yes sir good morning how you doing great I got a bank store I think you got a love to hear yeah I get a lot of you I don't want to shut you half a trap change your trap go ahead we're under packs and now we don't have to worry about that knit with I get a letter in the mail the other day for first you did thank you yeah I don't think what I'm now about you sell car loan with and so I've been up and it's a class action lawsuit and a pack I got one of those all about charging the insurance when you don't have insurance right but they never did that to me so I'm not part of the class action lawsuit oh well they did it to me wasn't you know all about a 24 million bucks right I'd be damn yeah they were like you know they were they were putting uh current insurance through for people who already had insurance and without even them knowing about it exactly right if you had a call on it right okay deal how good day I would don't spend it all one placement okay okay okay open line on a purple line pond I would be we have two in Broward all of a sudden five two four nine four six three the wicked hand of the Lord must have come down and stricken those people in Broward as they were holding their instruments or maybe their phones five two four nine four six three here's a lady in the Gable hello yes ma'am hi I just wanted to call and give you a big report uh huh Miami Beach I got kind of morning oink oink you got caught yes caught with their little radar gun I hope they get to a particular cancer but anyway we won't go there um they caught me going 56 and a 40 on a 30 three lane highway yeah so um I think do you think what was this on the Julia tunnel on a uh my car yeah every morning they're there there was four of them just standing around the car there every morning why don't you uh you know lighten up a little bit cut it back to about 73 I should have been going 73 no I just think it's really ridiculous that road is it's like a highway it's really in highway why should the speed limit be 40 right you're right and because that's a that's a very convenient easy way for them to nail at people and uh you know squeeze the box up it's a business don't you people understand it's a business and has nothing to do with safety it has nothing to do with work I mean you you see the way people drive and date county do you think they care about safety they put people out here on the road they're just came in they just rolled it off a banana boat who don't even know what the other cars all about don't know where to stick the uh ignition just stick the key yep and as in their rectum right and I think it might also have something to do with the uh little uh I don't know all these rich people on common spiral and they probably don't want people like I'm going to screw them okay I'm too bad let them go over to need a brine's house and break bread let them go over and see the beaches and break a leg I think don't do it against me no I'm not okay okay all right okay govern yourselves accordingly folks that saw a lot of contalia they're waiting in the woods out there for you now they're waiting in the woods your neighborhoods you can't walk five blocks without getting mugged murdered or maybe both but hey you can't drive more than three miles an hour of the speed limit they got you nailed that's what's Florida's all about get used to it get over it not gonna change you're not gonna do anything about it I've been screaming about that for years nobody cares until I get the ticket nobody else can roll around there protecting us and getting these dangerous drivers are the old far too can't see you can't hear or sit in on six telephone books to get up to the steering wheel and who are just a nightmare on a road who are going like 20 miles under the speed limit in the left hand lane or like weaving in their big jookanoo's in the middle lane and they're driving in all three lanes at the same time they're driving in the lowest lane those are the dangerous people and when's the last time you saw anybody pull over for driving like that mister 1128 at WIO D. talking entertainment radio 610 WIO D Florida stay sucks can't beat that gator meat oh my god oh no watching women are still around they're green through the end oh what I'm not sharing some say he's brainless now much fun talking not much to look at but I ain't looking this males just a little too much I'm a little too close his love is just a little too long but while they're growing in I will be lonely darling he's got a really big crowds of trust no girls are screaming they're letting out he's got a really big crowds of trust I'm fishing for love he's got a really big crowds of trust oh my god oh no him Santa man not that you have to fill it up like 1134 pet Robertson said get those earrings get those things get those trachees out of your body parts immediately from now sooner and I guess that includes a woman with those pierced ears and earrings too huh those gold and earrings stop it right now because the Lord is pissed off about it released pet Robertson is here's deer field hello hey Neil yes sir I'm trying to get something clear in our mind the hockey the television all this stuff like who gets it for in there gets it yeah who does it who gets it in the rectum they are right most of the people I mean you got the cable you always get it in the rectum say it again is it clear across the board who who's gonna receive this and how they're gonna get it and everybody except TCI who is a cable subscriber right should be getting it okay and it will come on what channel oh I do I know what number it's gonna be on your system no I mean what's what's the number channel Florida okay so no more sunshine no more now sunshine is still there but they don't have the Panthers anymore 33 and I can have the Marlins anymore next year either okay no 33 okay no that that's the other thing is is I was scanning that the so that packs and the article that they did in and access and someone else was telling me there's what's the big thing now that you can't you can't what can't you say or what is that you can't say what can't you can't you can't say crap you can take one but you can't say okay yeah and you can't say take one I'm living one damn it right you can't you say nothing yeah now did it because a friend of my said to me once he said to me I wish you wouldn't say that around me and I said no way man if supposedly this deity can can do all the things you claim it can then it would know what I was thinking yeah it would be just as a friend of the anyway and it and it's long thing would come down and strike you day that's right that's right then I believe I really have another flood or get Roberto Alamar Jr. spit in your post well I told him then I was just as pissed off at the fact that he was asking me not to say it and it offended me just as much yeah and he didn't know what to do there you go well doesn't bother me if that's the only restriction I'm gonna have put on me if I can still let yank out the old trouser trout that I'm a happy camper enormous and if you're a step ahead exactly I'm several steps ahead there you go have a great day pal five damn it two open lines at Broward five two four nine four six three five two four W I O D I still would like to know I'm waiting to hear from somebody who see you people and I mean most of you there are a few people out there with a brain but most of the American public gets swept up in whatever the media hype is of the day so if a bunch of people decided because they got the video clip and they can show it eight million times a Roberto Alamar arguing with John Hirschbeck and then spitting in his post uh uh oh this is the worst and you just don't do that and the the indignation is so spectacular is so unbelievable you would thought that he he didn't O J on this guy's family you would have thought that instead of the guys kids dying from some horrible disease that Roberto Alamar killed him I I really want to know what is what is so hysterical granted spitting in somebody's space we agree on it it's vulgar it's unacceptable but what is the big deal with this compared to all the other stuff that's going on Bobby Cox beat up his wife nobody cares he's there with a brave dude win last night nice going Bobby Warren Moon he's uh winning games him in the soda okay he beat up his wife nobody cares you can do whatever you want it doesn't make drugs beat him up uh rape uh Mike Tyson he isn't a slamer he's out how much can I pay for this next bum into month for this next bogus fight they're lining up like a bunch of lemons okay but a guy spits in an um Pirates face oh my god that's he and that's it he's gone too far now you've gone over the line Roberto even if you happen to be a great guy even if everybody who knows you in fact the interview with a ride but Alex Rodriguez last night he said I'm going to tell you how bad I feel about this he said uh Roberto Alamar Jr's the kind of guy such a good friend of mine if I'm like in a slum for something I'll call him at 2 in the morning after like a game on a west coast I'll call him 2 in the morning east coast time and ask him for advice and he always gives it to me and the advice too I mean I haven't spoken to anybody who's had anything negative to say about Roberto Alamar which doesn't excuse his uh blow up there but I mean between the lengthy apology in a donation of 50 grand and everything else that he's done enough already and that's why the fans are cheering whether Ray Recky understands or not they're not gonna hold us against of the rest of his life because this wasn't something road test can horrendous he's not Michael Irvin thank god here's a tamarac hello or client blades yes sir well first on I'm your typical long here at 8 p.m. with a pierced earring so I get all the rabbits you're going straight down there baby you're going where it's mighty hot like Florida hey I've been down here for 11 years I only know how hard it is like I said anyway if you can't anybody miss that uh comedy bit that Robinson dead channel 45 you know Paul and Jan Crochett channel they rerun the 700 club it's three o'clock this afternoon and Crochett's yeah so I might try to make a video taper because I saw I saw this morning and I was on the floor laughing I was saying to myself gee I have one earring I wonder what part of hell I'm going to go to I don't have a tattoo yet I'm not that crazy well the earring is one in your ear yeah yeah that's uh you only go to like uh the small part you don't go to where the big furnaces yeah in other words I probably go to hell and deal with that but that's right but if you had it in your public man you might wind up in tamarac you're really gonna burn I already live in tamarac you're all right you see how he works in mysterious ways he had you pegged right up front yeah that is certainly first he sends you to Florida where it's hotter than hell and then he sends you to tamarac well I'm not complaining I inherited my mother's condo so I got the place for free but all right like I said it works in mysterious ways it's the eating and the ang the in and the out the good the bad in the ugly it's it's it's when I get for being almost 40 years old and living in an old fried development and the youngest person is building and trust me they want me out of here oh I could follow us where are you hearing just to tick him off here good for you just stay there out of spite and start wearing all kinds of chauchy just to piss them off I would never think I would never think my class I would not like to just to irritate him if you knew I'm already out of the tube I feel I passed one of the information case they might want to feed it three o'clock if I were you I'd start taking the mizzises off their door and really scared the snout out of them I made do that that's an idea never give you something to do in your spare time have a great day but you're doing the old my god bless you we have an open line in Brower at 5249463 god bless Ray up at the diner up the street want to thank him again and floor is profusely for being so nice to us during our years here and during the short time that Ray has been up there Ray who took over Sonny's diner where Sonny failed and the guy after him I was his name who saw Suomi for good stand stand stand stage deli porous tan he was a good guy's food was pretty good but he just didn't make it he just couldn't make it in north bay village and along comes this guy Ray this very unimposing on a assuming little man with an apron which right there he's got six strikes against the beginning with and uh open at place re open it there and they must be doing pretty good the food is great try the onion flat the onion flat it's kind of bread you can't have any that's of oh what is it like get the honey junior it's like an onion pita bread oh that's really thick kind of like a Italian fococchio maybe and when they toast it oh god oh uh not for this kid you like bread I can't have without it here is plantation hello yes sir Neil I'm sorry I gave you the wrong information about well thank god you called back it takes a big man to call back and it wasn't your fault I understand they gave you a bum steer yes sir but aren't you weren't you a static that you heard the good information I was so happy I've never been happier to be wrong right it's enough to make you pee in your pantalunies I'm looking forward to it and I just wanted to say Neil that you know the ghost I'm sorry I went out and got you the wrong news but the ghost of Jennifer read compelled me tell me to try and get some news yeah but anyway Neil flip on your ring and all kids and you can't complain about our news pal cuz we don't have any you know I'm saying yes bless you my child well congratulations get a life thanks a lot pal and you're welcome open line on a green line yes see it's always better than you're gonna get it than you're not gonna get it you know you're not gonna get it than life ain't worth with a living but if you know you're gonna get it like these people in Boken out who are gonna get um on a Delphi cable a Delphi whatever it hell that is speaking of Philadelphia cable I see big 88 Eric Lindroson and there's a beezer with another great say of animal I beezer you're the best baby I'll tell you he was really sharp and I want to uh exhibitionist game we had at home he played great and we'll continue playing great now that he's over that uh that thing he had around his neck all those years that choke thing you know about the greasy goals no more greasy goals for the bees around tell you that but anyway Lindroson is still a question mark for tomorrow night I have a feeling cuz he pulled his groin he ran into hex doll yesterday poor baby in practice and we did his groin and I think he may have also bumped his spectrum or something like that so no Lindros to Maran Boyer we really upset about that not huh 1143 at WIOD and well I was hoping that I didn't have you know what I'm saying because I got something in my throat and some food too talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD Sister Mary Madditch he's dead all the checks and you tell Michael and his monkey juicy star yeah no with all his witness you make my signal more you just shut up can't vote until you tell him less trying to make a sleazy book of your family's name 1137 at WIOD see on another great day man we had a little slow start here this morning I noticed again today I don't think they're listening to 10 o'clock oh I'm sorry oh shouldn't have said that so anyway you watch you mark my words those guys those go in it's gonna be really something and did what I tell you about Rick didn't write doesn't rick sound better than he have to know not great not spectacular yet they're working into it but doesn't he sound like a waken after the the pace of the show is like you got two living people on there like one and a half suds and half a rick and I'm telling you they're gonna get there they're gonna have a number in there that's gonna shock the living day lights out a lot of you including that one that call yesterday you know the guy that called twice we've had two calls Tuesday and Wednesday both days and I'm a little bit slow in my old age but now I was thinking about at this morning coming to work those were both cox calls see in the past we had the QAM setup calls from Andrew Asin with Boyfriends and now we're starting to get cox calls of course probably like even while we're in the same building remember when a stranger calls he says the other phone is at the house he's in the house in other words it like in the inside we're in the same building and the call is coming from there there's Roberto Alamar by the way to say a new that's what he said to the media guys and said what's the big deal already huh and you've ever seen little spittle and you notice every time they showed a shot in yesterday's games which I did watch all of our part of all three games every time they show a part of a game uh guys in the dug out are spitting all of their like slobbering all over the place now I think he's a brought back a I mean baseball players have always spitted a lot but I think now they're spitting like a bus storm just to show their support for Roberto here's cutlery hello yes sir God yes I am all right let me ask you something with with latins spitting is probably the most I mean latins have a special significance for spitting that's exactly that's the most offensive thing you can do to somebody is spit at them or in their face we're just in their direction like saying you are the lowest scum on a face you right these are that are mentioned their mother right you mama oh my the corner guess or all three of the above exactly male two more days to a drop of buck baby right I cannot wait and you don't have you don't have T.C. I do yeah no sir I had luckily I have a delfia great good for you man but I have good news for the T.C.I. people yeah last night on ESPN there were advertised in that they're going to show their range or panther game on on the duty but guess what what that it'll be black down here oh no for them to too bad hmm that's what's that anyway oh you know something that's another great thing about having a small dish is they have ESPN too which is not on most of our local keter something but it's on a small dish hey off well so like yesterday when ESPN was still doing the Indian game and the brave's game it started on the doosh right and so I just flipped one channel over from 206 to 207 there was the brave's game and I just flipped back and forth on the channel too I can't wait Neil I'm I'm Jones and for some hockey I'm then I'm living two in tomorrow to watch Patrick frog and the blues I hope a Brett Hall sticks to two yeah and the puck too it's coming a lot of fun who's gonna have that on ESPN no baseball tomorrow no not tomorrow night good actually night oh now we get a real man's for it on their excellent where they spit in somebody's face nobody gets all bent out of shape about it absolutely but you you think that they were playing in England or something there was something there there were having tea and crumpets you know come on already but you're up a little sweetheart it's just a ball game man it's supposed to be a tense Neil can I get a shameless request anything like hell except that some hockey calls maybe a little bit hotkey calls by the way rumors gonna be here tomorrow morning so you can all start hanging out I'll be listening to a film I'm gonna tell you one thing and I really mean this okay he's a good friend of mine and always will be but if he doesn't put you up tomorrow and grow up here first of all you'll never hear him back on a show that's number one and secondly I guarantee that every player every coach everybody associated with a panther team will be on his ass like stink on Chris Moore or he tells me he is he said he's ready now he's tired of being yanked around and lied to and spit upon and everything he said he's ready we'll see exactly all right okay pal if he's not so anyway Brendan Shanna Han is got this stick problem we have an open line in date seven five one yes somebody was told me that the panther players are all like peanut and their pants about that and how do I know about it I know the inside stuff guys I know what Drake bear a house he's looks like I've seen it pretty impressive open line in date seven five one nine four six three one on a green line one eight hundred now hockey calls that'll be a sure way to kill his show are we gonna start with his hockey Georgia gets psychotic hockey hockey hockey hockey he held yeah did you see that summer book yeah how about last summer I just from the volume up on the TV good good for you good for you you you deserve the crap that's on at TV and right now you and all those big stations wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow it's hey all right Rick come down Rick you had to write one of the greats I'll tell you one thing remember could she will learn a lot from him we have an open line on the green line in fact that's what we're gonna do tomorrow on our rumors appearance because the team has taken off and they got all leave here including him they schlepe him along because he's the announcer but they're leaving I think 230 tomorrow afternoon so the early part of the show if you want to be sure and miss that the first hour maybe the second hour is when they'll be here in Doug McLean's also gonna come on with us tomorrow and tell us the story behind the story about how QAM goes on here in an ounces of Doug McLean show on air station when he don't even know about it yet that's the new format of QAM we're making announcements about all kinds of people we're gonna work here they just don't know about it yet and we don't return their calls but other than that how's Andrew Zassin would's by the way here's West Palm Beach hello yes sir it's mr. Rahat Chauder used to be a fat guy in a skinny thanks to me actually I'm wearing a pair of pants or like three inches too large right now really gotta go to dinner meeting tonight well let me just out because I'm wearing some of their three inches too small how trade my three inches for or whatever you got yeah actually first first of all I call tell you how happy I am but how happy you are yeah I mean the tone of your voice is just like so much of the stress seems to be relieved that's right Doug and my blood pressure is real good even though I am fat how do you like that my pressure is sensational I'm gonna come and see tomorrow afternoon okay well that's part of what I'm calling about after months and months and months of trying hustling with banks and lawyers in the city of Miami Beach and my soon to be ex-wife I'm able to close on my house tomorrow so I might not be here when you get here so we might run a reschedule but I'll leave it up to you because all you really need is to get your blood drawn oh no I'm not coming here unless you're there okay now let me ask you this because it was a very interesting message that your girl left on my machine which one the one about how since tomorrow is our last day well anyway it's not our last day why hurt that yeah so that's even better news so you're either the beginning the week and I come see the beginning of the week and I like that it worked out perfect see there had to be some good reason for us having to come back here one or two more times yeah I felt the same way so whatever leap I get I just found out that I'm closing so I'm gonna screw up you'll schedule all the congratulations that's great so in other words you got rid of that Lamatsu that you had that with the article was in the paper about that's right the albatross the right the uh 200 thousand dollar albatross the only albatross that we ever liked is the one Stanley Dancer drill but then you're not in the racing so what do you know yeah I also I'm also listening to these stories about the athletes and so forth there behavior is despicable and maybe there's going to be a start via back lash against that kind of behavior yeah works like I don't know I'm not into it that much so I'm gonna get to emotional about it good but maybe maybe a new conservativeism in terms of behavior but then again that ends up being turns into censorship when the when the pendulum swings too far the other way very profound I think but you're you you thought of that already I have no doubt nobody else said it sure thanks bar see yeah can graduate break a leg on your house oh god please that I'll better apply to acting and performing that not to closing on houses okay I don't want to break anything except records to get it done fast great bye see you next week okay there's Dr. Mark a hell of a guy man you want a good doctor you want to go on the atkins with a guy who's lost a ton of weight and thanks to me is like a new person you know I hope he comes and put flowers on my grave Dr. Mark because I saved his life you know I turned him into like a real human he looks like a different person now although he said I sound like a different person so we can just put my voice in his body do you want to say how about putting my voice into somebody else's body like a rod although a rod you know I mean as far as like my personal taste is concerned what I know you don't want to hear and I just keep saying it to aggravate a lot of people and it works like crazy you know he's he's okay he's a a fine young man I'll put it that way he's not but of all the young girls love a man he's a sex part to them because and that should be that way it should be that way there's somebody you can look up to here's a candle hello hey I have Neil yes sir Brian blade shoot him in the legs yeah I anyway the right guy if I didn't so be it look at what happened that guy in guiding light they just had bedding yeah I had my isolated incident uh Reverend Simpson Gardner I know you don't read the hurl I already read this on the earlier oh you did about the one in ten and one who how about the guy in lutes and his boyfriend out in lutes baby oh all right exactly I thought they were all redneck's up there oh no why do you saw those redneck's redneck's redneck's an an entry didn't you in an indolive rinsed yep there you go yeah well anyway I got my sports channel on the Dolphia and I got a big one out in my yard and then you're all such a you're in good shape you're ready to rock and roll okay don't I gotta say yeah yeah open line and day it's 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 W I would be yes we had these two priests over there a couple of more isolated incidents which I got a couple of faxes and everybody in there were already read that we were right on top of an earlier to show somebody a whip that over here okay and the priest in lutes who stole 246 thousand dollars from the church to paper is adulterous affair with his boyfriend there's a problem they got over there in lutes in lutes of all places where of course they're all upright when they're uh being friendly with their sheep the priest in lutes boy would that make a great movie or why at least a good to short many series here's Naples hello hello Neil yes sir earlier you mentioned how when you were talking about broadcasters you mentioned mandate and then a while ago you plugged in one of his yes replies yes yes yes yes every time I hear that voice even though I am a university of Michigan graduate and a university of Michigan fan I cringe he is the most horrible announcer I don't believe it I heard him the last game I heard him broadcast a little bit of I couldn't help it because I wasn't near a TV and he screamed about a monstrous monster he does he's his favorite he likes him when there monsters yeah that's a good point what if he got on a high thing anyway maybe it's a big ball maybe it's a bigger than ordinary a regulation ball don't you think he's horrid I can't you expect me to sit here and say that Jim man which is horrid I'm not going to be saying and you know he's the man huh what he's going to say you're just going to say he absolutely sucks for the way I just I just said he likes the big one that's what I said you're wondering he's there you go man he sounds like a damn cuban tree frog he is he's out of the closet now okay pal man we slipped him out what do you say you're wondering he's like a damn wow my dad laid down on my dog okay one way to double did we have something going on here today I'm not really sure what it is so this cheesecake from Lorenzo's is really great this is the original or like a very few carbs and isn't it embarrassing the while I doctor was on a phone telling me how a big his pants are and how small he is but I'm sitting here even with a mouthful of cheesecake even though it is doctor rackens and his low in carbs and I did eat nothing bad today yet here's candle on a purple line hello any are you doing pretty good I think that the athletes to get him proud in all the problems are just you know illiterate animals and I don't think anybody expects anything more you think that rock to rule is in a literate animal well I'm more thinking about the hurricane players while that's that's beside I mean that goes without saying yeah the reason I called you what is the um traffic lawyers you were talking about ticket defense team ticket defense I had got caught in a wonderful scam yesterday turned out of a parking lot into a and gotten the old and while they were there writing me three more people got it two of them came out of the parking lot nice with no sign one one eight hundred seven four one eight three two six okay great you did the best of the business man you use them yes and they get you off and that's it well I want to go that far I don't know that well I'll do it for you man all right appreciate it good luck thanks for all right now okay we have an open line on the purple line a lot of people getting tickets out of these days you better slow down baby whatever the speed limit is divided by two subtracted about fifteen and that's the speed you can go down here because this is a real Yahoo place this is Florida baby Yahoo just slow it way down you're going to get it ticket it's like it's like that the trooper in the Georgia that's always on those spots you know that redneck trooper only he ought to be in Florida because that's what this town's all about just go real nice and slow although I will say this at least they up to speed limit there to 70 on part i 75 so we can go 90 and a hundred which we appreciate very much I think now let me ask you something how do we get to our I guess I'll do it during a break do I know how we get to our new place you will follow me I'm gonna follow you up or I can draw you a map and then you can follow me you will follow me up to i95 and then I'll follow you since I know much better I am positive the way I get there is much quicker and shorter than you or whatever your short cut in north to 95 oh I just go the regular way home regular way one 82nd to 95 in the north oh you go all 82nd all the way up to 95 sure not to wait a good very fast to know what is not sure it is not sure it is not no it is not whatever not when you get past on the other side of second avenue okay you'll follow me up there okay I'll show you a shortcut that'll make here stand up on your Cuban penis and then we're gonna you're then we'll find out where it is so this is going to be exciting man I'm gonna and then tomorrow I'll come in and once we get rid of that that smoothie once we get him out here I'm gonna tell tales about this great new studio we're gonna sit here and just man you better get a rubber mat for yourself if you're gonna be listening tomorrow here's margate hello yes right now okay I can I just call TCI the number then for a course with two minutes with there's voice that opinion and then I was trying to add which one stills it up you think you're gonna get it and I was like well geez ladies she goes well we're still in the ghostiness and when the ghosty and you should do the dead six months ago so they do in that called out there and they she said yes they they have their opinions and they've been a lot of them and they think that they should begin it she won't she said she said they wouldn't get it for this weekend of course right of course she said they do look like they're gonna be getting it hopefully for like while wish we were because she goes yeah there's a lot of people calling the lines are just filled great to my tolders she goes oh yeah good I'm like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I can't keep the pressure up guys like I said make those call what do you think about the train that we got about who? Troy Troi for the comedian I'll straighten from the ram I think that's a step in a right direction man I think that Keith Simmons a Keith the buyers was never gonna be a tie-dend and he was useless all the last season and didn't do very much this year either and there comes a time when you hang it up and you don't knock the coach and you just gracefully step the site and good luck to him. Yeah, my brother. He's a PSL license holder up there. He says you had a great in within the doghouse. That's the reason why his numbers were down in the plus the surgery and the offseason. He just didn't get off to a great start. And he goes yeah, he goes, you're going to be a hell. Not only that look at the crap team he was playing up. True. That's what I said. Well, they said he ain't a very good blocker. He says, well, damn team don't block. He can't be one guy blocking. Yeah. So I was like, yeah, that's true. He'll be a big improvement over whatever we got. Trust me. Oh, definitely, we won't win. When you ain't got nothing, ain't nothing. Right. All right. Take a look, powder. Okay. There's a guy who called and he said, just keep the calls coming. Okay. Don't give up because that one guy got the sprint. In fact, the other guy was probably calling. He was probably one of the TCI people trying to cut down the flood of calls, trying to, you know, poisonous with this idea. Oh, yeah, they don't care. Forget about the calls. Don't forget about the calls. Keep calling and call it and call it and call it. Come on. Let's go. 1 800 800 2 TCI or call at Jed Palmer guy at 303 267 55530 303 267 555 100 or fax him if you two damn cheap to make the phone call at 303 7777 1228 303 7771228 that's the fax number for the corporate headquarters of TCI in Denver, no less. And, you know, the bad news is forget about Saturday. So make your plans. Now, go out to your sports bar, go out to Rosie Paymon, go out to your friends house, go to somebody it's got the big dish and enjoy the panther game. And that's all I can tell you. Get on a plane, go up to Philadelphia. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. We went as a holiday snail. How are you going back to you? I just want to ask you a couple of questions since you're a new format. This week and I'm going to new shift. Good bless you. Yes. What college you get, magenta? Blue. Okay. And I'm going to new schedule, so I'm only able to listen to the one to two hours. Oh, my God. As opposed to the first couple of hours like I used to and I understand that there's no news. It won't be clocked. Have they completely obliterated the news from your show? All the other news and noone and there's news at two. Okay. You know, a little before noon and a little before two like at 58 or whatever it is. And that's it. And we don't need to keep interrupting and repeating the same stuff over and over again. And if anything happens, we might find out about a multi-year. Well, that's true. They always say bulletins at once. Right or not. And I heard something else that was kind of strange. They were doing this like tag team thing. One was reading with Jennifer. I he'd read a paragraph on a story and then she would read a paragraph. But at the same story, I was kind of confused with that kind of. Yeah. Kind of for magenta. Is that also something from the new owners? Jennifer's not here anymore. Oh, she's gone too. Yeah. Well, that was going on just as it take her. Oh, yeah. So I think that was happening Friday afternoon. Oh, no, the thing didn't switch till Monday, but midnight. Oh, okay. Friday was Jennifer's last day. So maybe she went to more time and I'll just say goodbye. That's true. Maybe that was what it was. Yeah. Yeah. She's still around. Okay. There was one thing I wanted to add to the university deal with the the shockocracy. Yeah. When I was up at the university of Florida, there was one of the courses I had to take was oral interpretation. So that's the usual you got to get up in front of the class. Rejoice book reports. Sit down and shut up. Dumb Jack. We had at least two of them in there. One guy couldn't even say more than a three syllable word without screwing up. He got an A. I got a C. Oh, all right. Just wanted to let you know. There is a guy after all. Have a nice afternoon and welcome to the packed and family and bless you my child. See you. See you. Open line in a purple line. Pond I would do we go on on the green line. 1 800's 115 at W. Y would do when you call 1 800 mattress very, very soon. You're going to start sleeping like a real child. Like a I let's go to be like a real dream. Maybe you'll even have some good dreams. Whatever kind you like. That's right. When you pick up the phone and call 1 800 M. A. T. T. R. Yes. You talk to a professional betting consultant. Not just some stupid telephone operator, but somebody knows the mattress business inside and out. And they give you a choice of all the top brand names. See me post your pedic. Simmons Beauty Rest. Sir, the perfect sleeper dial a pedic by spring air that new 100% late text foam rubber mattress. All the good stuff they got at savings of up to 60% below what you pay for exactly the same stuff in your department store. And they give you much better delivery too because when you call 1 800 mattress, you won't have to wait all day for delivery because they deliver seven days a week to 11 o'clock a night whenever it's convenient for you with an a 2 hour window. So no more sitting around all day waiting and praying for somebody to show up. And your new mattress is always back by a 30 day comfort exchange policy. And when you call, be sure and ask about the free pillow offer with every complete betting set too. Call them today and very soon you're going to be sleeping like I said in real comfort and style 1 800 mhttre s. Talking entertainment radio. The 610 wiog. I thought we'd have to ticker a long time more. Last night you dug a bugger out from your old crusty nose. You rolled it between your fingers and that's when things got broke. And I recall how hard you flung it down home. You bounced off of table and splattered on the wall. And you went through your nostrils and you found things in there. Like that fair play takes gloves and I bought you to wear. And it was so disgusting what went on from there. And at night you're sitting on just picking your nose quick picking your nose quick picking your nose. Well I told you to least 100 times as gross. When you just never listen girl you keep right on picking and I'll tell you once again quick picking your nose. Okay, I'll find it. Thanks George. Okay, 20 after one at WOD we have an open line of date 751 WOD one on the green line 1809 449463. Casey joined us late. We're going to be in this building tomorrow and probably Monday and getting out of here. Hopefully on Tuesday. Okay. So tomorrow is not going to be our last day and our last drive down here. But that turned out to be great anyway because my doctor and what does he think? He think when we move to the new studios I'm going to find a different doctor because he's not right over the bridge. He'll come to you. Yeah right likely so he'll bring the whole office up there to Hollywood right. Like I'm too lazy to drive down there and see my great doctor friend down there whose life I've saved and responsible for. Here's Tamara. Hello. Yes sir. I just talk to continental cable visions. Yes and when you get something they take something away. So they're taking away WOD. Isn't that a kick in the teeth? Yeah. Instead of taking off that stupid food channel or one of those idiotic. That's exactly what I asked him. Right. I want you to take off the food channel with that god channel. Right. So all the god channel you know that you call we have to carry that it's a must carry channel. But that's true. 45 I have to carry that. Yeah and but the food channel only have a great deal of interest in that. Don't remember something. We take off WOD and now you'll be able to listen to the past of games and then we know show. Yeah. So we're going to deal with you know why they're doing that don't you because WOD is a super station right and they have to pay so much for subscriber for WOD. So they're not giving you anything additional for them for whatever your pan what they're doing is robbing Peter to pay Paul. Right. That's right. They always do that. Okay. No good luck to you. Thank you. See you. See if you got the big dish or if you got the small dish you get WWR if you're a metz fan and if you're a metz fan well too bad. We have an open line. I'll say that Rayor Donier is boy that kid is the best short stop in the history of baseball right now. I'll turn to that. This kid is unbelievable unbelievable. See even a crappy team's got at least one good player. Now in the marlins we got Kevin Brown and Jim what's going to be the story with Jim Leeland. Anybody know they're going to offer him $2 million and half a Disney land and half of the state of California to go to the angels and I got news for I've seen those angels playable and if he goes there he's going to be really sorry he's going to be a sorry camper here's Jupiter. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, okay back again listen back again. Yeah, I want to ask you was we don't get WWR on a small dish we get we get sports channel in the Europe but not WWR. That's right. I'm sorry you're right. No, I'm the big dish. You're right. I'm going to forget that okay TLA but yeah I keep thinking about the KTLA they're I can okay TLA it's not a big dish. And if I don't get on the little dish right? No. What I want to ask you because when I get in sports channel flowed on the little dish? Yes we are. Are we going to start this all over again? No, no, no listen the reason I'm calling is I just called up. Don't don't call. No, no I called the wreck TV. Let's what I just said don't call. They don't know what they're talking about. Well, you know what the guy told me. What did he say? He says it's supposed to be a big change coming something brand new coming out. You can't tell me what it is but something that sports fan is going to be happy about. What does that mean? I don't know he wouldn't tell me. I don't maybe you know. Let me say it again. We talked to the guy from Sports Channel Florida yesterday. I'm sure that tomorrow sometime during the show he will call us and we'll find out exactly when Sports Channel Florida goes on a small dish. There's a chance it'll be on this weekend for time for the Saturdays game but at the very least it will be on sometime very soon. I know what about the union here with the speech change supposed to be a threat. I don't always talking about. I've got any idea what he's talking about. He's just an expert like I said he probably don't know either okay. He's just yanking your chain. Yeah because I mean they got to start in some more stuff to be competitive with the new dish that came out the echo store. Echo start doesn't have a fraction of what the direct TV. What are you talking about? Well no I'm talking about and we got to program. Let me say it again that that's what I'm talking about. Echo start doesn't have a fraction of what the direct TV has got on there yet. So I don't know what you're smoking but it must be pretty good. I'm in there pal. Oh my god. Oh my god take your dishes the milk and the flesh you can just break them on the floor and eat from paper plates and then we can all get rid of this stuff. I'm dying already with this dish talk. They're practically giving away in a store is right now and I understand if you want to wait a couple of days and find out for sure and let me say this to you okay? As much as it's important everybody wants to see the opening game Saturday it's a great rivalry. Usant of flyers. Lindross is probably hurt. We're going to kick their ass up there. Great but if you missed a game if you have to go to a bar if you have to go to a friend's house if you can find a friend if you have to break into somebody's house that's got a dish to watch it but so one game isn't going to change your life okay there's 82 games. 84 whatever it hell is 84 games. 82 games. So what's the big deal if you miss one right? We got to find out when they're going to have it and I'm positive tomorrow I think maybe possibly I doubt it tomorrow we might have the answer for you. So just cool it. Here's my video. Okay. Hate to beat a dead horse but why not? Well hit it again one more time. We're still never going to stand up again anyway. Phil Henry. Yeah. Mission terribly once you withdraw. Yeah. So badly that started searching the net for Phil stuff. Happened upon the KFI website. Yeah. Fox two to form no advertised but nothing. Called them up they hardly know who he is. Oh he's starting here Monday night. Uh huh. It's all Yeah. And I mean I haven't even started yet so what do you expect to find? I need them back. Well what do you want me to do for you? I'm uh get them back. Yeah. Why didn't pack some fight for him? I don't understand that. You'd have to ask them I haven't got any idea. I guess they figure it was wasn't worth fighting for him. No I didn't know it. No you said why didn't they fight for him? Yeah. They didn't take him. Well they didn't take him okay. Even bother he wasn't they did not take Phil Henry. Why they didn't take him? I don't know. Does it have something to do with the dolphins? Maybe does it have something to do with the Brian Cox thing? I don't know but they did not take Phil Henry. Big mistake. Well I don't know. But you know something I'm moving forward. I agree with you it's 500 percent but I got him move forward. Hey but you stay here though. Well that's my point. I'm moving forward. Love you on cono. See ya. Go on get that that ticked off star dish and you can hear the Phil Henry show on that thing. Here's the number. In fact there's so much slimy's right now. Yeah there's so many dishes slimy's. Flasher. You get two pounds of bullcrip. We have two open lines in date 7519-463-751-WIOD and we got two on a green lines. 1-800-12 it's 12 already. Why do I keep doing like an hour behind because I'm so anxious to see her extra. 120-7-WIOD. Walk it entertainment radio. 6-10-WIOD. Oh Neil my queen. God. Hi all this is Tomber Death with some special news from the back to school bunch. If the prospect of going back to high school fills you with mortification it's time to stop fretting and stop on it and at your local high school six. We're for just pennies a day you can graduate with honors in about two weeks. A little more for some a little less for others. We offer 12 minutes of calculus, eight minutes of French and top it all off. We'll run you through our semi-alavish graduation ceremony featuring our tissue paper diploma which also makes a nice corsage for your prom. Music and refreshments not included. So drop on by and pick up a complimentary matchbook catalog. This is Tomber Death for high school six. We'll sharpen a pencil for you. Okay, what's 29 at WIOD? Open line in date 751 WIOD. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm a over 30 single on circumcised. Never been married straight guy. Oh I believe you. Sure, I believe it. I actually passed by there to see like 20 minutes ago. I had a real another real Cuban for you to puff at. Oh you brought me a big round one, yeah. Yeah, a nice one to crystal number one. But you know you didn't let me in so I give it to George. Wait, may I didn't let you in? What do I have to do with it? George didn't let you in. Oh well, that's part of his scam. He just takes this a garden says they get lost. And then says see you later. You know why he didn't let you in, don't you? Why? Because you're circumcised. No, I don't circumcise. Oh you're all on that case. So good move. That's why he's smoking my job. He can probably smell the cheese. All right. So how come you never been married, Mr. I know I'm picking. I just got dumped. Your boyfriend dumped you? girlfriend. Yeah. Five years. You had a girlfriend for five years. Yeah. And she dumped you for what reason probably the foreskin. I guess. Was he Cuban? No, she was American. Uh huh. I'm American chicks don't like that foreskin. You're good at it. No, they don't George. Yes. Yeah, except for Anna Maria. Does it do? Do you want to admit? Yeah. Well, good looking your new station and where is that going to be? Hollywood. That's a longer drive. Long your drive for whom? For me. Not for me. But since I'm going to have to go there a lot more than you do. I think it's probably off for the better. All right. My friend keep this rolling. Okay. Thanks a lot for the good stuff, pal. I'm bootchep a little bit. Okay. There he goes. Luckily, stories over 30s. 30 years old. He's straight. He's on circumcise. He's just got dumped by this baby. He's going to told you what Johnny Golin said. He said he was in the running to be your producer when you wrote about Zeta. What is he talking about? Johnny Dolin was in the running to be a producer. Who is the producer? Your producer. There was no producer. I was a computer. A computer ran the board. He was part of the show. There was no producer. Another bull crap lie from Johnny Dolin. Is this before or after we took a leak next to me? And next time I wish he'd wait till he was done in the urinal. Johnny Dolin, everybody, he's just a real bull crap guy. Man, he's full of it. Just tune in the coast mornings if you can stand it. If you can stand waking up in a morning real happy with all that crap music they're playing with the Michael Bolton. Oh my god, Johnny Dolin. Like I said, I think I'm going to be calling him sick tomorrow. Like Monday or Tuesday. Two open lines in day. Let's go. Let's go. Let's get on a bad wagon here. We're going to get all four hours in here today. And we're going to have a humongous response. We started out very slow. I kicked up my heels. kicked a little lush. What's in your post. And all of a sudden, they responded phenomenally just like yesterday. And we had a lot of people out there with something to say not too much or too interesting. We've been doing dishes and dishes and dishes and MCIs and MCIs and TCI's and PPs and whatever else. 751-9463. We're here from some more guys. Single straight guys over the age of 30. Besides Phil Henry. I'm sorry. I think that most guys and I want about women. How old is a woman have to go before getting married before she's considered an old maid which is code for Dijk. 35? Yeah. 32. 35. 32. So if you're female and never been married and you're over 32, you're a Dijk. Whether you know it or not. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah sir. Hey, now I know it. I'll make it down to the point on the uh... Let's be right to it. Yeah, the athletes. They have to get in trouble. Basically the bottom line is that uh, the fans don't give a flying frog's found. They just don't care about uh about what goes on in the athletes. You know. So what's for that? And why are they so concerned about somebody's spitting any up-power space? Why is this like the greatest thing? You want to know why it just dawned on me because it happened right in the uh in front of me. Exactly. Very good. Everybody. We didn't see. We didn't see Michael Irvine here in the White House carrying on and doing all that crap and all the cocaine. They wouldn't care if Michael Irvine was driving away. Bronco. Yeah. They really wouldn't care. It's just like irrelevant to them. As long as they, they're he's wanting football games, even if you're not, you know whatever. As long as you're doing his job, you know. How do we know what was they seeing not MI? Exactly. Yeah. Good point. All right. You know that's all I had to say. Excellent points sir. Thank you. That's right. You don't give a crap and you also don't give a crap about Roberto Alamartun. You're just acting in dignity and you're a bunch of hypocrites. And I bet you a lot of you guys spitting whoever's face you want. You never spitting a post. We have an open line in Broward 5249463524W. I should have asked that Holy O'Theo that was on the 30 year old has never been married. Who got dumped if he was like impotent. And then he would have probably pulled a Tom Cruise on us and got pissed off. Maybe that was the problem. Maybe he just couldn't make that damn thing work. If he would just let it breathe a little bit. Here's a mobile in Hailey. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. And I'm up in a little bit. Okay. Well, I'm just calling you for. I hear I hear like every fifth word on your great cell phone. Manus is some phone you got. That is highly of those cells of Hailey. Why not? I don't know. They don't have at least one cell for the matter. They didn't see a virus. Okay. Have a great day. I'll get a new phone. Don't close your Hailey. Don't call us on a mobile in Hailey because they got no cells. And it's a bet that's like that. Sorry, pal. Have a great life. Call us back some other time when you're in a real place. Open line in Broward 5249463524W. IOD. Ricken suds the new and improved better and brighter and smarter. Ricken suds 2 to 6. Let's hear a lot of phone calls from people who really are enjoying ricken suds. And they have to know. Come on. Let's go right now. I want numbers 1 through 700 checking in with me right now. You don't think the fact that they're actually inheriting an audience into a clock might help a little bit. What? What does that mean? They had great numbers before when they were on in the afternoon. And the fact that they're inheriting a two o'clock a size of a audience. And hopefully you still a big number we pray that can't hurt as opposed to starting from a sitting still position at six o'clock in the morning. On a station which overnight and late at night has got nobody listening. Now here's the deal. Dr. Laura is going off nights as a Friday and then moving over to INZ 10 a.m. to noon starting Monday and then then Lard acid on INZ from noon to three. And in QA, I'm going to have some new bogus sports show from noon to three which they won't tell anybody about. Maybe they still don't know about themselves because they're just a bunch of fools and asses in the woods. And so we are going to have a new nighttime guy sometime very soon. Not necessarily Monday but very soon. I don't know nighttime person. And actually if he's any good he probably ought to get a 20 share in there at night. See there there's nothing else on. There is no nighttime radio in this market. So anybody who does a nighttime show and doesn't get a big number here. You're just you're not doing it man. And I did nights in this market for years and years and years and years and yes my audience was very, very old but there were a lot of them and then of course they all croaked. Here's a mobile and market. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I just can't see I they would not give me the number in Denver. They gave me some woman named Mrs. Blanchett who's in charge of governmental affairs and you call that and you get a voicemail. Yeah. They will not let you call out to Denver. They won't give you another question. I got the number right here. Oh well well along that what is it? It's 303. 303. 267. 255. Oh oh. Oh. And you talked to Jed Palmer. Jed J. D. Jed like his in Jed Clamp it. Yeah. Jed Palmer. And tell Jed Jed Jed Jed Palmer. He's going to have to clamp it. If you don't get that sports channel Florida on there. I heard that. He's the guy. Okay can I call somebody a disrespect? Yeah. I want to see go your mail delivery and do a respect and happy suck a salad. Same. Okay. Have a good day. So anyway it's 137 and WID. They're pissed off out. They're they just don't know where to turn. They don't know what to do. They want their hockey hockey. hockey. They want their panthers. They're sick and tired of being screwed around and jerked around and yanked off and in and out and all the other stuff. They're tired of it. They're tired of taking it up the up the, oh it's not in there anymore. Reck them from all these other, hey I can say it myself. Okay. I can say it. I've seen a few of my time. Like up in the front there. Here's deer field. Hello. That's what it is. Thank you very much. I want to tell you. I wanted to thank you for the acting style 365 pounds. Beautiful. I made it. He's six pounds. Woo. I got a lot more to go. But thank heavy duty. He knows something John Turchin was on channel seven news was just in here a little while ago and he was telling me he lost 24 pounds on the icons. It's a beautiful thing. Everywhere you go men are thanking me for a saving her life. Well, not enough people thank you because I talk about you all over the place. Right. That's right. Well, more importantly, that's because they're too intimidated. They're a bunch of pussy's. That's a little nerve-heat to talk to you. Yeah, sure. Do you remember years ago you had a formula for weight and height and breast size? Yeah. But it's the formula. I had a formula. You used to a girl with children for height and her waist size and her shoe size. Not me. Yeah. Wrong show. It would not maybe Rick and Sutt's not me. No, it was you. Definitely not. Oh, yeah. No way. I accept her. Also Rick and Sutt's left him in the afternoon couldn't stand them in the morning. There you go. I rest my case. I just get only steak for breakfast. You know, listen to Rick and Sutt's six in the morning. Okay. Thank you very much. Have a great day. Well, that was a good line. Wasn't it? You don't eat steak at six in the morning. You don't listen to Rick and Sutt's in the morning. Now, what do you eat at two in a afternoon? Halava. Don't say it. I know you're going to come up with some smart ass comment. Boy, oh, boy. Just when you give Rick a chance. Okay. So what if he is a heart ass? What if he is, uh, got a, you know, a big forehead? What's what he would is with it? They're going to do greatly afternoon in spite of him. They're going to do fine. Just relax. We have an open line in day 751 9463 751 W IOD. We're going to be going over and checking out our brand new space age. They call it the spaceship. The packs and people are calling our new studios the spaceship because it is so modern and so wild and so phenomenal and 18 dimensional and just unbelievable and state of the art and state of the fart. It's just great. Because the packs and people have already done more force in the first three days than the cocks people have done for me in the last eight years. And of course, the cocks people say, oh, yeah, that's a bunch of below. And we stood by him. He asked standby this. Go stand by a tree and take a leak. Take a leak out the window. But you know what Bob Green says, it could be a ride that, you know, don't you love that? Did you read that? You didn't read the article? Oh, yeah, Bob Green says, packs and doesn't know what he's in for both positive and negative. The positive is that he's acquiring an incredible staff of people who'll take him on a ride. He'll never forget. The downside may be they'll take him on a ride. He'll never forget. Yeah, and like I said, like I said, Bob Green took a son of a ride down here that even the tidy bull man has never seen. Anybody ever have their head all the way down inside the toilet bowl? Well, we have we've seen it. We've seen it what it's like in there, man, when somebody takes you right to the bottom of the toilet and just abandon you like a stepchild and turns their back on you. And yanks you around like your life has no meaning. Let's say you just say you're effin' crap. We ain't say you're effin' crap. Not anymore, Mr. Not anymore, blow it out to your rectum man. I'm not going to reach over there and get the perfect. This is for you. You pussy man. That's right. That's right. Just keep it. Keep it up. That's right. You'll be sorry someday. You'll be sorry when you another job. Yeah, right. When I did another when I did another one of the the kind of jobs you're given out. Man, oh man, the number of people that have been screwed over and yanked around and whose lives have been destroyed. Lies and like, oh yeah, we're going on an FM. We're going to have families, we realize that our audience is on FM and we're going to put you on FM. Right. Just keep just keep leading us on. Okay, right to the edge of the cliff. And you go first man. Alex Bennett Steve, Jane Nick, Lauren Scotting, shape in Mike, Lauren Scott, Swarne, Herman and Ming B. Gayle, bright, Coleman Chandler, Sandy, the only forward and when Steve Stable don't forget Bill Wise. I'm a honey Johnny Dolan, A. We nasty name is Colvo and Homestead, major Darcy McIntyre. The prize very Larry final coming foot, Sharon Fitzsand, Joan Hans, sisters, please you and the fair of Pawe. We can't forget the people. Though we tried to hide them and forget we knew them. They used to work beside us. Even though this time they made us lose our minds. And we bear a wig, Alpen's M. Dean Gary Busch, Jeff Clark, Johnny Dark and Joseph Gackie. Hey, Goldberg McGream, Marvin Roman, or we're stuffing Lewis Quinn and Wimstone for getting between. These are all the people. Who are still here working and new still working. We are all just people. Oh, I would like to experiment with it. And we're out there giving them to make a living. We are. You know, the human guy that called me for I think he's a little bit confused. That could be his problem that you're supposed to put the cigar in your post. 143 a WOD and speaking of that, my cigars, that's where you go and find the good quality stuff. If you're one of those guys who appreciate something good in your post like a lot or like maybe even wants it a while like that cigar Dave who says he only lights one up once or twice a week in a cigar too. No matter how often you smoke one, no matter how big of a tumor you're Jones in for, this is the place to really work on it big time. Mike cigars at 1030 cane concourse in Bay Harbor. They're open every day till 6 Monday and Thursday till 9 as in tonight. They're open late and they got every kind of premium hand made cigar in the history of the human race and some of you never heard of. That's right. They got cheap ones. I got expensive ones. They got human orders. They got accessories. They got everything for the cigar guy. If you're really serious about cigars, this is the place. Not just another mom and pop store. Not just another drugstore that's got like 10 or 12 brands of cigars. But virtually everything out of the son that you can buy in America and the like I said, some of you never knew you could get. They got cigars from LA. They put look at him in a canna. Personally tested by a rod. And Alex Rodriguez too. So get your answer with a Mike cigars or just pick up the phone and call him and they'll send you out one of their free catalogs and you can sit there in your leisure and figure out what you like. In date County call 866-2277-86-2277. Total free from outside of date. It's 1-800. Would you do a swallow a cat? 1-800-96244-27. Like I said, you're supposed to put the cigar in your post. I'm walking in entertainment radio. 610-WI-O-D. Thank you. Okay, well I'm getting used to him. He'll be all right. Remember when FedEx started we hit it him too. And then we got you kind of grew on us like a big gigantic tumor the size of a bowling ball. He's you know this guy'll be all right. Won't he? Here's somebody's on a purple line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Oh, Neil and turned down the angels. He did? Yeah. He moved Jimmy all the money in the world shouldn't get him to take over that line. That's a bad team man. That's a bad team. No pitching none. Yeah, and the only two teams left are the white socks red socks in the marlins and he said you don't want to manage American leagues so they kind of narrowed the down. All right. But his wife loves Boston for the shopping and stuff. For the shopping. So what's he doing with a fileness basement? Well, I don't know. Maybe Pat Riley could help her out with some of that shop and down here at Bell Harbor. Yeah, there he go. Did you see that sporting news show the other night? But the hockey. I sure did. They picked the Panthers for. Yeah, they picked the Panthers for. They picked my leaf last in the central division and the one of them. What the hell are they? Islanders? Huh? Even by an islanders? Yeah. I couldn't believe it. Yeah. What do they know? That's the brain. Let me tell you something about the islanders. They got no gold tending. Okay. Tommy Salomea played great in a World Cup. Tommy Salome blows. They got no gold tending. How's the field after 20 years to be going to a real studio? Oh, God. Unbelievable. I know I was on your show once. Jay from the Jay and Scotch. Yeah. All the way back when you were at wins. Yeah. And I said, man, this is it. We're just trying to break into the business. That wasn't a bad studio. No, it wasn't too bad. It was pretty good stuff. But that was brand new. Compared to what you're in now. Yeah, see the problem is we got a nice board here. But everything else that we got along with the DCS, this computer thing we got to piece of crap. The car machines are from before. Between was born. It's a joke and it's just all state here stagnating and falling apart and they have refused to lift the finger to it's like we're supposed to come in here and make magic like the miraculously and don't bother them. All right. It makes it. And Bob Green says it's a management intensive. I don't know where's the intensive manager or is the involvement? All right. They just don't want the problems. Okay. They don't want problems. They don't want phone calls. They don't want people bothering them, threatening them. They just like turning out the slush like on the coast and how 105 that's up there, Ali. That's their speed. Speaking of the coast, this guy calls my house the other day asked for my wife. And I'm like, why don't I hear it? And get down the phone. Yeah, this was Johnny Dork. And he was going to, he sent her a autograph picture and he asked, you know, do you know who I am? And she looked at me like, Johnny Dork, did it. So I guess that's how they're trying to get listeners now. They're just calling ladies. They just called out the phone book. Yeah. They're closing the brain stem was on with Roy Firestone. I saw it. I saw a little bit of it. Yeah. He says that I knew he was going to say it to it. I went get what Bernie. He's a veteran who's been around. Well, I didn't see that. Yeah, he said he's a veteran. And you know something that's why we're glad we got JJ because he don't count on Bernie to win any game for us because it's not going to happen. Didn't see Mike when buyers complained after not getting one pass and that game that was kind of that was it. Yeah. See a key. See I like I like this. He's not going to put up with any bull crap. You don't want cryers, winers, Prima don't. He wants guys that can go out there, work hard and do the job. Right. And if you can't work hard and do the job, see ya. Well, hopefully, look at that deal straight now at the term, Mike, and it won't be too bad this weekend. Okay. All right. See you, Jay. Yeah, I forgot about that. Poor we got pop at a park Friday with Saturday. We got the dolphin game with Seattle on Sunday. We got the move to our new studio Monday or Tuesday. I mean, this is so intensive, but at least we're getting away from the Cox people. Those people are assholes. And you can tell them I said so. Johnny says so. Here's the North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I think it's time to drive a steak through Jerry Jones' heart. Okay. I think it's over. Sounds good to me. And I'd like to do it. Did you hear what he said on Monday, no full body other night? No, I did not. He said, Michael Irvin has completed his 800 hours of community service. Now, do a little arithmetic with me. Wait, there's 30 days to almost accept the goddamn 31 days. It's September, 30 days, right? Yeah, 24 hours to a day. The little what's out equal? That's 720 hours. Yeah. I think he's got 80 more hours. No, he's been working on stopping over time. Some days he did double duty. That's right. I don't know the speak. Unbelievable. Exactly. And I got a gun to my head. You know why? I'm a die hard. He will fan. They just signed Mark Ripon. Well, it's now let's say we had the deal. Seattle traded the myer from Notre Dame Rick Myer to Atlanta for Jeff George. Which is the right way. Yeah, that's what I heard this morning. Oh, and you guys picked up Ripon because your guy got injured in the game. One right. Right. And you all screwed because you got three third burgers there. Well, once a lifetime, Ripon played two years ago. With the Rams. Last year. Offel. He was awful. Just awful. At least get George and for the Eagles for more. Yeah, he listen, Jeff George. They don't want because not only can't he play, but he's a big mouthy's trouble. Right. And he's Mark Ripon. Mark Ripon will stick to join up at it. Keep his mouth shut. And Ray Rose would have kicked the crap out of that's right. Oh, and uh, enclosing. Have a go at it. I was going to say. Okay. Mark. See you. In closing. Have a great day. We have an open line in day 7519463. I wonder how well what's his name. Harry Callos is going to feel about having him in Philadelphia. Harry Callos boy. There's a guy. He must have pictures. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, about Roberto Elamar. Yes. Uh, what we course to the players have is the um, tires of a blow in the calls. Not what I mean, what do you mean, what do you mean, if they're blowing a call? Did you? You know, they're, they're, I was watching all parts of all yesterday's green games. Okay. The three games. Right. There were calls that were made on pitches. There was one pitch in particular in the Yankee Texas game that was so low on outside that it, I mean, it was like it would never was a strike. You know, I mean, in other words, from the moment the picture let it go, it was low on outside and it kept getting more low and further outside. And this is a strike. I mean, it's, it's unbelievable to stuff that they're calling. Yeah. It's, in, in, in addition to what you did you see at the Yankee game? Uh, part of it. Did you see the disputed play where the guy ran inside the baseline? Now, I'm, I'm rooting, I'm rooting against the Yankees. Okay. Yeah. And I'm hoping Texas wins. But in all fairness, this guy was inside the baseline all the way down first base. You can't do that. It's interference. That's why the throw got by the first basement. And the Yankees are screaming in Holland. And they don't reverse the call. They got a wrong again. That's right. And, um, it just seems like the, I'm prior to a totally arbitrary what they call a strike zone. And, you know, since they became unionized, it's like nobody, nobody can get fired. It's a good old boy network. It's just like, I think it's NFL when they get the referees and now unionized. So nobody gets fired. Nobody gets let go. Yeah. And then they make apologies when they blow a call like they did in the jet's Washington game on Sunday. The League of apologizers and says, oh yeah, we blew it. It's a high MIT thing. Yeah. And I'm going to tell you another thing too about the NFL. The fact that they have eliminated the replay, the instant replay is so grow test. And, you know, they had the experiment in preseason where he had a couple of replays, the coach had a choice. Right. But the fact that they've taken a replay out means the game is a mockery. And that games can be decided now by horrendous grow test calls where the officials get together and they have this big long conference for like five minutes after the play is over. Well, what's there to talk about? You know, either you saw it or you didn't see it. At least if you got the replay, okay, here take a look. Either it wasn't touchdown or it wasn't, he was in bounds. What whatever the dispute is, okay, I don't care how much longer the game has to be. But at least get it right. It just seemed like when they had that replay and I'm fall for it too. But it took like 15 minutes. Yeah, but that's because they didn't have the balls what they should do is have a special like they do in hockey. You get the replay officials up there who take a look at it. They make the decision. They phone it down to the referee in charge. And that's it. By the way, there was another athlete who spit, they actually spit on another opponent. It was Ewing Nostasi. Right. That's right. That was the years ago on the U.S. Open. And by the way, Rick and said morning afternoon, I can't take them. But I enjoy your show Neil. Have a great day, pal. Oh, you eat this. Yeah. Okay. Tell Rick that guy hates him. Okay. Here's the four lottery. They'll all. We love you, Rima. You think through, ooh, Nick that Hitler mustache. You it'll you. Don't worry, bout Hank. Oh, that also ran. Listen to Tom Corley on. You can act like a man. That was funny. Well, we'll fight out tomorrow. And you know something this guy is going to be on the spot. He's going to be on the spot. Because this could be his farewell. This could be his fun farewell, at least on this show if he don't put you up. You got one more chance to prove to the public that you're not going to be a wimp. You're not going to sit back. You're not going to take a lot of crap. You're not going to wait to rest of your life for somebody to give you a job that's never coming. That you're not going to take crap from a bunch of a third burgers. You're going to tell it exactly the way it is. And you're going to start striking back like a man like this guy says, be a man for crying out loud. Here's Big Pine Key. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. So much to say, so little time to say it. You got some time. But first of all, we have TCI down here. That's all we have. Sorry. He's, which is a wonderful thing. So I called them up and they gave me an 800 number of you call a rod. Yeah. We already had that. Okay. You have we got 400 numbers. Okay. Just keep calling all the numbers. It down here where we're trying to call them up on people who advertise with TCI and tell them we're going to stop buying their product. Oh, that's your spending your wheels there. Yeah. Everything's spending the wheels. Well, just keep making a calls, man. Yeah. Okay. Hang in there. All right. Okay. See, you hear that the fetus told a lot of these people's voices because all all one of these telephone operators has to do with saying, well, uh, go get a dish. You know, something like that or just act indifferent. And then that's the end of it. They give up. They throw in a towel. That's what they're hoping for because they don't want to give you something for nothing. They want to force you to pay extra for it. And they claim they don't want to take something else off of there because they claim that only a very small number of people want sports channel Florida, which means not only the Panthers, it means the Marlins next season with Jo angel and Dave O'Brien, which somebody want to watch that, it means the the JJ show, the Danny Boy Show. It means all kinds of sporting shows having to do with our local teams and who knows what else. And so I think if it were presented that way, you'd find out that there are a hell of a lot of people down here that are going to want it. But hey, don't confuse them with the facts. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Sebastian. Yeah. That's you. Hey, now. Listen. Yeah. I love her. Yeah. Well, go find it. He loves your button. He may go find it. So we're going to go find it right now. I just want to re-read this article 20 or 30 times in the cars I'm driving. I always like those people that are reading newspapers while they're driving the car. Those are my favorites. So I'm just going to hold it up right in front of my steering wheel and read this article again by Jeff Nudnik about how Bob Green says, well, it's going to be quite a ride. It's going to be a good ride. It could be a bad ride. Ride this Bob. Ride this baby. Scott now and be aware of that. I love you, Lindsay. Oh, yes, we do. The way you be ready for it. And rougher to. And you. Fuck you. And that's your helicopter. What's cool? Bill, Lindsay, we love you. Okay, get a dish. Get the cable. Get the TCI people on the phone. Get a life.