And now the Neuro-Ruchers show on W.I.N.Z. You're invited to join the King of South Florida's talk hosts to probe the day's news, to warm the community's contents, and to expand your horizons. To join Neil Rogers and his guests, call 624-019-1 in David, and 760-707 in Bowen. He was an opinion's expressed on his program. I know as of the moderator, his guests and co-res, and do not necessarily represent those of W.I.N.Z. It's their own management. Here is your host, Neil Rogers. Well, I'll tell you what folks are a little bit here a lot sooner, but I took the metro rail, which was a big mistake. It's taken me two months to get here on the metro rail. Good evening, to you. It's 807 here on W.I.N.Z. My name is Neil Rogers, and in case you are wondering, and I hope that I've no stranger to most of you out there. It's exciting to be here. It really is, and it's exciting to be back on the year. After two months in limbo, even Chubby Checker never was in limbo as long as I was. And I have to tell you something that I have discovered, and that is that those of us, and of course there aren't all that many, but those of us who are in this business, are very fortunate because we really have an outlet. We have an opportunity. Every time something happens, we pick up the newspaper, and there's a story that gets us angry. There's something that happens that we want to blow off steam about. And we have the opportunity to go on the air with a matter of hours that same day and give our opinions and blow off that steam. The average person obviously doesn't have that same kind of an opportunity. And when the opportunity is taken away from you for whatever reason for a prolonged period of time, it becomes kind of frustrating. There have been a lot of really important things that have happened locally and nationally, and around the world, these last couple of months, and I haven't had the opportunity to talk about them. So a little bit later on during the evening, since this is our first night here on WI and Z. I'm going to take the opportunity to just briefly touch in some of those, and then share some of your thoughts and opinions also. But obviously this is kind of reunion time. I want to thank my good friend Bill Coder, by the way. It's great to be working with Bill again. In last night, we had a two and a half hours together here. I hope a lot of you had a chance to hear it, and that was unbelievable at best. It was beyond description. And it was going to be with Bill because I had a chance to get the lay of the land, so to speak here and to look at the equipment and do, get the field of some of the loomate to callers out there. Just kind of feel my way around. So even though this is my first night here at WI and Z, it's kind of like old hat at this point after being here for a couple of a while hours last night. I don't want to get too low atlin, but I do want to say this at the very outset, that I want to thank a lot of people. I'm not going to, this isn't the Grammy Awards, so I'm not going to do a Michael Jackson stand here and thank all of my relatives. And so I'm, but I do want to thank the people here at WI and Z, and particularly at the management level for their tremendous support, and their cooperation during these very hectic last few months. And it's always great to win. And I'm just delighted that we were vindicated, and that I've had the opportunity to continue pursuing my livelihood, which is kind of nice. It's important to most of us. And as I said, I'm very grateful for their enthusiastic support. And one of the things that really impresses me, and again, it's going to sound a little bit corny, but it's true is the fact that the people here at WI and Z are really nice folks. I mean, everybody here has been tremendously supportive and very warm, and they kind of welcomed that I've had has really been very rewarding. But as I said, but I was on with Bill Lansnite, one of the things that I've learned out of this difficult experience during the last couple of months is to appreciate you. A lot more than perhaps I have during the past eight years that I've been in a market here in Miami, when I say you, I mean the audience. Generally the cliche and broadcasting is that the audience is fickle that they forget you in a minute, and that they'll go over next door and the opportunity they have. You hear people who will say to a new person who comes on the air, you're a breath of fresh air. They could put a monkey on the air, and within the first two minutes, somebody called it and say, what a breath of fresh air. But the fact is that there have been any enormous number of loyal people who have either written to me or called the various newspapers, or called this radio station to try to track me down. And there were a lot of those people who called in last night when I was on with Bill, and I'm sure that the same thing, probably will happen here during the reunion part of our show, these first couple of hours tonight. And I'm very grateful for that. It's a very rewarding kind of experience to know that there are people out there to whom you have some significance. People who are really interested in what you think and what you've got to say. Speaking of Bill Carter, by the way, Bill will be here about 11 o'clock tonight. He's going to come in early tonight, and Bill will be with me for the last hour from 11 o'clock till midnight. So we're not going to get two serious or two model or two heavy tonight, because as I said, here on WI and Z, and I'd like to get an opportunity to talk to a lot of my old friends and say hello again. It hopefully make a lot of new friends too. I guess when you've been on the air in a market for eight years, you assume that everybody out there knows who you are and or has listened to you. And obviously that is an incorrect assumption. I'm sure that there are a lot of people out there who say, who the heck is this guy? I'm already come from. Well, as time goes on, obviously you'll have the opportunity to learn some of you will like me, some of you will hate me, and some will be somewhere in between, but hopefully you'll listen because that's the important thing. That's what it's all about. I do want to mention also before we go to your calls and before we get started here on our opening night, that during these first few weeks, I'm going to have back a lot of the regular guests who have been with me for the past several years, along with a lot of new people too. Tomorrow night, a very good and dear friend of mine, and of many of yours Ed Cohen, who is a political activist and analyst, Ed has been doing shows with me for the past eight years, and he's going back to the old KAT days back in the 76 and 77. And also among several other things that are coming up during the first couple of weeks, a week from tomorrow, next Friday, one of your favorite guests, ladies and gentlemen, spirit-tualist Reverend Emma, he's going to be with me. And I have an envelope, I guess it's one of the few things that I've held on to, I've thrown out just about everything else from the past, but I have an envelope here that says, PRD, I see TIOS predictions for 1984, I guess it was Emma's typewriter. I'm sure you're listening Emma, so we're looking forward to hearing you up. We're going to open the envelope a week from tomorrow night, and Reverend Emma will be with us on that night. So we got a lot of your old friends coming back along with a lot of new things, and we hope that you'll make it a habit. I'm going to be here every night, Monday through Friday, from 8 o'clock till midnight. And then of course, a short pause for everybody to recover from what we do here, and then Bill Carter comes along from 1235 till five in the morning. So hopefully there are a lot of you out there going to make the night time hours, a regular spot here on 94 news, WINZ. Okay, let me give you the numbers now, and as I said during these first couple of hours, between now and 10 o'clock, it's going to be reunion time. It's been a long, two months, it seems like much longer than that. And date counting, the number is 624, 01, 91. That's 624, 01, 91, and date, and in Broward County, our number is 764, 0707. Right, those numbers down because hopefully you're going to be using them a lot in the weeks. And once to come again in Broward 764, 0707, I can't believe it. Can't not believe it. It's 20 minutes after 8 o'clock at WINZ. My name is Neil Rogers. We are with you till midnight, and there is a message on my computer screen that says we have a handful of dancers from South Dade, who have driven up to our studios. They're doing the Kazotsky in our parking lot. I've got one of my many Kazuz by the way. They're going to have to get used to the Kazuz. I'm sure the people here at WINZ have never seen anything quite like this. And we can blame Reverend Emma. I'm supposed to do a serious show most of the time for those who are not familiar, but occasionally we do things a little bit on the wacko. So I like we did it with colder last night, and I have that one looks, well, I'm not even going to say what it looks like. Anyway, we put it off long enough if I think it's time to check out the natives out there. See if they're friendly, see if these are my pals, my buddies, or exactly what it's going to be on the telephone. And we'll start. This is kind of a traumatic moment. I guess you might say we're going to start in Dade County and line one. Hello. Hello Neil. Hi. Welcome back, my dear. Thank you. I know this has been terrible for you, but never even on one of your phone nights where you ever doubt how much you need to draw out of us. Well, I'll tell you one thing. I wish I had a Polaroid camera because all the lines are lit right now. And you know how hysterical I am about the phone line. I know. I'm like, I'm like, I got in first, but I decided this time I was going to. I couldn't get in last night, but I laid in bed, and I laughed until I cried. Listen to you and Bill. I got to tell you something. We just said, we didn't have any idea what we were going to do. And that turned into one of the funniest shows that I've ever been involved with. There was that one period of time about 130 when 80 the poet called in. Right, right. I heard it all. He was trying to kill me up and he was doing this. He's pressing more than home about.