560 QA-A-A-R Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 560 560 Tolerary for need and Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone the opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM The busy read acquisition is for the busy broadcast room Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA-A-R WELCOME! Although the commandone could serve an open thing to say I'd rate to hire the H.E.R.H.R.H.R.L. across the USA But the goal I want to disly hear is try and value who does a bunch of squares again the dear Who says that I wish to borrow God's love for your wish Unless the cards you gave is the eye I want the margin upon things at his day You can be above my pocket to stop and shorten that no gave but you can't be a wish if to do One word of hyperion both him and his grace have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day Short a little bit of heaven fall and nothing to see What's your gone straight to hell for all the sexuality? Oh God, I love the Irish things to put you in That was their pronouncement until the text begin to take You can be a conema via Don God loves the anyway But you can't be a wish if to do One word of hyperion both hell he has P.I.A.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R.H.R. H.H.H.R.H.R.H.H.H.H.R You know, you can't tell us why I'm sick. You got some good news today. Yeah. First good news is we got Marlins baseball at 12th and the sack of no. Yeah, preseason baseball, man. You could put the audience for that in a symbol and have room for the Chinese Army left over. You could stick it in your back. Don't have a lot of room left over. Marlins and the Kansas City world's biggie exhibition baseball 12th and the sack of none. Are we complaining about it? No. And if that isn't enough, guess what tomorrow is. Besides being Tuesday, March 7th. It's at the end of the fire. It's the end of the fire. It's buried it. All right. Yeah. You know what I think we're going to need to bring in here tomorrow, George? A couple of shovels. Because if you're going to bury somebody, you need to bring in a shovel. Huh? Isn't that the way usually work? Yeah, let's bring in our shovels tomorrow, baby. The end of the. I, I, you know, that thing we can't talk about. That thing. Well, starting tomorrow will be able to talk about it. Anyway, our poll question on Friday. Do you enjoy the new Roger show with calls without calls? So you don't give a crap. With calls, 333 hosts, by the way. Pretty heavy duty. With calls, 340. That's 53.7%. Without calls, 190. That's 30% and people who said basically, they don't care. And 316.2%, 633. So I guess we'll keep taking calls if the phone ever works and speaking of the phone ever works. Oh, if I got a great story for you. If I got a great, great, great story for you. Let me just give you. Let me start out before I think about getting it to that. With a term for you to keep in mind. Pathological liars. Okay. Next time somebody mentioned this beasely broadcasting or want to beasely broadcasting connected with it, just make sure that expression comes to mind. Pathological liars. Otherwise, people who lie so much, it's like a way of life. They tell so many stories. They don't even know the difference between fantasy and reality anymore. It becomes a part of their whole existence is lying. It's a way of doing business. It's a way of being alive. Pathological liars. These people. By the way, our poll question in today. I want to be timely with these poll questions every day. Do you listen to Marlins baseball on QAM? Yes or no? Very simple. Yes or no? Maybe we'll be surprised. Maybe we'll find out that most of our people out there listen to Marlins baseball. What do you think? No. That's going to be our poll question on our neorodges.com today. Do you listen to Marlins baseball? What do you say? No. Seriously, I bet to there are a lot of people out there. You'll be shocked. Who love Marlins baseball? And speaking of that, by the way, you know, Dave Hyde, he's an asshole. He's a son, Sentinel. I thought that beefal might be the only one on this deal. I thought he'd be the only one foolish enough to jump in on the bandwagon. But it only took one day. Saturday, John Henry comes up with an brilliant announcement that formal announcement about his big attacks on Mickey Erson. I must be crazy. I must be. And our cruise ships. And here's Sunday. One day, that's all it took. He's got Dave Hyde one over on his side, which I have Dave Hyde. Odd notches, umptious column from yesterday, Sun Sentinel. Henry transgressed the role of the villain. Which I'll get into that in a little while. You know, Dave Hyde, he's an asshole. What a jerk. See, these sports nerds, I know that some of them, including Dave Hyde, must have been waiting, searching for an excuse that would make it acceptable for them to jump on the bandwagon. Oh, yeah, one of those of you has stayed in. And this is really delicious to quote his term. Because now we're going to screw Mickey Erson that we hate even worth in John Henry and get them on the out of him since he doesn't pay any taxes. The only problem with that Dave Hyde is if we're going to squeeze money out of him, which is fine with me, how about using it for something sensible, something worthwhile. Besides another half empty, two thirds empty, 80 percent of the sports venue since we can't even come close to filling up the ones we already got. Ah, what a concept. I mean, it's really interesting. He says it's revealing that Erson who dumped a perfectly salvageable money, you're re-non-tax pairs, and got $60 million in state money for the new arena would be fighting this. And by the way, the taxpayers of Miami still owe $40 million on that old arena is talking about the old Miami or arena. Maybe we could use some of that tax money we would squeeze to pay that thing off and also maybe devise some textbooks for some kids in the day county who go home without textbooks every day. How do you think about that, Dave Hyde, you jackass? So maybe beful in Dave Hyde are the same person ever, seems together. No, think about it. Here's a call from why mama. Hello. How you doing here? Okay, sir. Got bad news for you. Your favorite woman Canadian died. Did you hear about it? Sandra Schmerlow, the great Canadian. That's Canadian color. That's last Thursday's news, sir. It is, well, it was in the wide mama picking you. Yes, but it was slow. 36 years old, she's dead from can't stand for it. That's bad. For Sean Schmerlow, the great Canadian color. Oh, I didn't know. I was just in the paper here yesterday. You helped me find those. The stones down the old, the pain of she'd asked anymore. I can hear you. I'm outside. I got up stand on one leg with my radio pointed toward Miami. There you go. That's what I do about it. Keep that leg way up in a year. Okay. I'm Latin-Lose. Thanks for the bad news. See ya. Okay, I'm glad you reminded me of that. We're out to mention that last Friday. Sandra Schmerlow, the champion women's Canadian color, that at 36 of cancer. God, there's a lot of people dying. You know what? A lot of that going around. I have a great editorial, by the way. From the St. Catherine Standard newspaper, about the barbaric Americans, America's in fact, to waste with the handgun. It's great, which I'll read eventually. Of course, we got that ball game coming up. Well, 50 to Marlins in the Kansas City world. Any interest. Come on, get on that deal, Rogers.com. Let's see exactly how much interest there is in his Marlins radio broadcast. I mean, maybe maybe it'll turn off that I'm the one who's crazy. Okay, maybe they're everybody in their brothers. Listen, those God damn game. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah, maybe Hank and I ought to be kissing the ground that we have those exhibition games, especially to boost those numbers up for us. Could be. Oh, wait till I get to this great, read story, great, read and normal can't. When I get to this, are you better strapped yourselves in, type this morning boys and girls? Get the men in the with a rubber coats, the men with a white coats, the butterfly nets, because we got a guy in his running this place who's crazy that a bed bug, the Minister of Man is certifiable. He must be doing some wild wild drug. That's all I can say. Magic mushrooms, or whatever he's doing. We all own a little piece of the action. Because this man is certifiable. Yeah, he's no mistake about it. Oh, nine minutes after 10 at five, 60 WQAM. No fortunateness, broad death may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM neatly reads acquisition court. Oh, Frosty Nads. Tonight's on HBO, the true story of Pamela Anderson, Mince Tommy Lee, marriage, sex, children, jail. See the story, everyone is talking about. Pam and Tommy, who's an all star cast, Mary Kate and Ashley Olson, given outstanding performance as Pamela's boobs. And Iggy Pock shines as Tommy, and Tommy, the story behind the story tonight on HBO. You call that up, she is? 1013 at 560 WQAM happy Monday to you. Here's a great effect from Bill and Four Myers. Woman's pistol, a plot goes awry. Volga Takolumbia. Surgeon's operated on a woman. This is one of the all-time best. Thanks a lot, Bill. Surgeon's operated on a woman who's smuggled an automatic pistol into a high security prison by concealing it in her rectum. But was unable to remove the gun from a tiding place. Even Tessio never thought of anything that clever. Don't you remember he had that gun? He told Cleminson, Teresa Ruiz, looked at the 6.7 and the 7.65 millimeter pistol past the committee checks. And Volga Takolumbia, it was that Teresa Ruiz, looked at all of his name, the one that used to be on WD snooze. They used to say, I'm not a little company. And anyway, she has stopped the 7.65 millimeter pistol past the committee checks. And Volga Takolumbia caught the prison on a visit last week to a suspected leftist rebel prisoner, local newspaper's reported Saturday. But once inside the prison, she realized the gun was stuck. Correct. That's right. Oh, that's conchita. Conchita Ruiz, do you remember conchita Ruiz? No, no, no. Painting she was pregnant Ruiz 43, complained of acute stomach pains, was taken to a hospital. She stayed there for three days, the gun firmly lodged inside her. Surgeons finally removed the pistol, went there to risk and fresh the meal consubord discomfort. On Saturday, she was recovering in the hospital under Poli's guard. She was charged with illegal weapons possession in her rectum prison guards. If there is a often used body cavity, this smuggled drugs and liquor it inmates since the court ruling last year, bent intimate body searches. They can't stick to nose in there, right? Well, well, so there you go. Not a good place to hide your gun. Do you recognize the blood you kids out there? A little less in life? Here's a call in Jupiter, hello. Hey Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. Buenos de Amo. Thank you. On a serious note, I just want to extend a formal and consider our congratulations to you on your anniversary. Anybody else probably will blow their brains out by now. Oh, wait, wait. Wait, wait. Wait to hear this story. I'm going to tell you in a minute. The Greg Reed story about his genuic, his magnanimous offer to me, but anybody will get into it. You won't put on your own believe it. Well, I hope that we're going to be honest. And they already went into it, especially guys just finalizing. I'm feeling for that. Years of entertainment. OK. With that in mind, you've seen the real commissioner common sense. I got a little heated discussion. They're in dinner with our neighbors, you know, and that whatever you say has got to hold, they were feeding my dog, crackers. And I thought you could add your mom about feeding dog crackers. And I'm sure it's last year. What is the risk? Or what is the danger in feeding K9 crackers? Well, it's not good for him. It's not going to kill him, but it may come sicker and hell. Bad. Yeah. Because that was the argument that I heard it from you. You know how to feel it. Tom, have the crap and get a new phone, sir. Get a new phone. Bad stuff with that phone. I sure hope our phone is working today, because he went to start with a real life. Come like that. I'm not really sure on four. Not positive. Anyway, well, let me take you to the club. There's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Hong Kong is from Philadelphia. Yeah, I'm a big fan of your listen news from the pre-point in the Bahamas. Yeah. I'm just calling about a bunch of bulls. No, I don't listen to the modern scheme. What are we doing to cool on here, sir? Don't you have a computer? All right. Yes, I do. I will be computer. We have to get on the internet. You have to go to theorodres.com and click it on there. Make sure you do it. Oh, that's not the problem. I'm making the video. Oh, you're click. No. So you will not be listening to the marlins? Oh, no. I don't listen to listen. I'm watching the movie. Why not? Oh, okay. No, I'm trying to sell me crack on the streets of Amsterdam. I said, I'm not interested. Why not? Well, it's just not really interesting. It's not a simple topic thing. I rather watch the Dolphins came if anything. But it's not. Watch Dan Ramino will play at the age of 65 and Minneapolis, right? Hey, hey, down Ramino. Not a problem. If you want to play, don't keep on playing. If you want to play with it, let him play with it. Hey, why not? Okay. That's what's to do. God bless, user. So anyway, there's this meeting on Friday between my attorney, Norma Kent and Greg Reed, our general manager of course at WQA was middle name as, eh. Pathological BS artist. And when I got my call in Toronto, my hotel over the weekend from Norma Kent, it's a good thing I was strapped in tight into the chair. I was sitting in. I was strapped in real real tight. I have never in my life. I mean, these people are in just terminal denial. See, this is the reason I talk about it every day, not because it's fun, but because at least it's out there on the record, you know. So way of blowing off steam number one and keeping my sanity number two and number three putting it right out in the record. We've got 80 billion year witnesses out there all over the world. They know it's true. Two and a half years almost we've been on here in this place and they still won't go. They refuse. They adamantly refuse to provide us with a goddamn telephone that works. This would be like if your maid comes to your house every week and you have a broken vacuum cleaner. Do you know what I'm saying? And every time she leaves, you pick up the phone and call her and say, what's the matter with you, you crazy bitch? How come my carpeter is still dirty? What kind of a slob are you? And a vacuum cleaner, not only doesn't it work, but even the court is like sliced off. You can't even plug the goddamn thing in the wall. That's what a joke it is. You hear this crap day Friday. We went through another spastic episode on the phone again. So anyway, here's the great proposal. I want you to listen to this. This is really something. This is the kind of denial that Greg Reid and the one of the bees leaves are in. About the status of this show in his radio station. Now theoretically, I have about two and a half years left in the current contract, which they can wipe their rectomes far as I'm concerned with. So Greg Reid says because you've been reading in your newspapers these rumblings about, well, Neil May do a show part time from Toronto, from Amsterdam, from Uranus, from the moon, from O'odotown. So here's the great thing they're going to do for me. What they're going to do for me is nothing. Nothing. But if I'll do something for them, then maybe they'll do something for me. If I'll agree to a one year extension on my contract because they love me, says Greg Reid, they want me here forever. See we have a love hate relationship. They love me. I hate them. That's the true definition. No, seriously. This is the true definition of a love hate relationship you'll ever find. They love me. And I really, well, I do know why because I'm bringing in a lot of money. And I got the ratings, you know, that keep an enable. I'm the enabler. I enable him to play sports guru to watch the show. I got the dolphin. I got the ball and the panthers. I'm a sports big shot. Look at me. Am I wearing a lot of money? I'm the enabler. So they love me. And I hate them. Like poison because they're compulsive pathological liars. Haven't asked them for a lot. You know, you want me to talk show. Can you a full system that works and leave me alone? And maybe some promotion too. But I mean, that's not going to happen. Is that going to happen, John? Jerry Spidele. Haven't seen him in a while. Since the day that they came up here and put the pancake make up on everybody. How many weeks ago was that? This big TV campaign. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. Yeah. Even Peter North ever used to line up much. Is this it's coming? It's always, uh, oh, right around a corner. The check is in the mail. That's the name of the game here. It's the check is in the mail. The phone system is in the mail. This is in the mail. So anyway, here's the proposal. Just like in the godfather, the more and on the street is the offer is so good. We won't be able to say it's an offer we can't refuse. If I'll sign a one year extension of my contract. Are you ready for this? Then they'll set up a studio for me in Toronto where I can broadcast three months out of the year. And of course they'll duplicate all the equipment that we have in here. But the studio of course will have to be either in a house that I'm going to buy or in a parmeter or condo that I'm going to write or buy something like that. Are they going to buy it? No. Okay. Now they get even better than that. If I'll sign a two year extension of my contract. Okay. Three months a year in Toronto and three months in Amsterdam. So now I got a buy a house or an apartment in Amsterdam by or rent by a apartment or house in Toronto. And of course, since I'll be here six to nine months depending on which year we're talking about down here. I'll also have to continue keeping my house down here. Now I got three houses Toronto Amsterdam Miami. This is the kind of delusionary fool that I work for who says by the way now the new phone system was shipped out on Friday, meaning three days ago. And the people in the audience are wondering is this the same phone system that they told you we shipped out two weeks ago Friday? Is this the same system that our program director again repeated me this morning is coming in peace meal and some of the software is here in some of it isn't and some is in Pioria and there. Is that the same one? Oh yeah. Is this the one that was supposed to be promised in blood on February the 14 was supposed to be here and guaranteed on March 1. See this is another thing. The only time we've ever been able to get these people off the dime is threaten the suit them. Now that's a wonderful relationship to have with the people you work for threaten the suit and threaten to take them to court and then maybe they'll at least pretend they're going to do something. A phone system that works. That's all a phone system that works if it's a bell sound problem say goodbye to bell sound soon for a hundred million dollars do something but saw the problem someday. But everything here at least they're consistent nothing ever gets done it's like the construction project out here in a third floor is it done. Are they working on it right now? Have we seen one of the last time we saw any workers other than the glue that was coming through the vents that they were getting physically ill and nauseous in here when you're putting the wallpaper on. Have we seen any stuff going on here in weeks now have you. No no that's work the glue the wallpaper guys. We haven't seen them doing anything. Oh you think that there should be like several crews at the same time. I think there should be like one guy you know when beaten up old drunk with a bucket that's what they got. Now I think what they said is something it rhymes with bucket we can't afford it so bucket. Tomorrow is the end of the quiet period let me say it again I can't wait in fact you know something I wish I could close my eyes go moon the lead like for and turn the clock ahead till tomorrow. Even though we don't have a ball game to borrow we have a full four hour show. Yeah can't wait. And of course some of the people in the building are already probably grinding their heat. Oh gee he's gonna even across this alone and money he's gonna screw the you know something if you're that stupid you deserve what you get. If you're that dumb you deserve to lose your ass that that's my comment on that. Did George buy any of that stuff we can't talk about? No did I? Robert? No. And who is the other one and the Mark Eisenberg did he buy any of that? No. That we can't talk about till tomorrow because it's the last day of the quiet period today. So are you ready for this? And his comment to my lawyer is the phone system was shipped Friday. You're too done deal this is good is done. This is the same phone system that was supposed to be here on February 14th and on the first March and out to the six of March and it just drags on and on and here we are two and a half years later and I'm gonna sign a new contract with these people. No. I'm gonna extend my condolent. No. You know what this is like I told George this morning. This would be like if you had a ten year prison sentence. And you're in prison doing hard times so to speak. And the warden comes to you a week before your prison sentence is said to expire. And says, I realize it's supposed to get out of this rat and fested toilet in a week but because of the fact that you've been such a good guy and we've taken such a shine to you. And some of the inmates like you so much. We decided to give you an opportunity if you'll sign this piece of paper you can stay in here another five years. Well let me respond right here on a year to Greg Reid's magnanimous offer. The answer clearly is no. There are two chances much less than none and whatever is under much I guess it's much much less than none of you. Oh yeah those are the two chances. For any amount of money for any number of opportunities to broadcast from the moon from Las Vegas from Toronto Amsterdam Rome. The Rome Hilton from anywhere in the universe at any amount of money the answer is very clearly. No. See if I were him I'd be worried about that last two and a half years that we still have an a current contract which the chances are decreasing. Every moment that goes by that we don't have a phone system or the increasing dramatically of us ever reaching that point. And yet this man continues walking around scratching that big hole in his head. Making that sound. 26 after 10 at 5. I'm 60 WQA. Oh my god you're a proffs so beautiful. The way I move around when I go through I call some of my movements. I call it the toilet seat. I swing and swing. To the mama beach to raise your face. No wind down the road and I walk through the jungle and see. I got to do it with the little face but it's all I need. So I can break my hiding and I think he. I don't have to push. I'm just going to throw when I move inside the side of the toilet. I never have to spray it from the outhole. It looks a little like the two zeroes. I'm going through the left. I'm going to the right. I don't think I'll be out of the building. I never ever get a big red ring. That's why the track guy who see and their side can have some fun. When they move up our bow movement up or two. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I guess when you've been thinking your way through life as long as some of the people around here have. You think you can do it forever. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. Let's go. I'm going to the right. I'm going to the right. It's a little TV camera because they have a TV camera that they stick in your. Yeah. Way up in there. They look around. They take a little peek. It's kind of like what was that movie with Pat Bones. Not journey to the center of the earth. Is that what it was? So here America to chance to take a look way up, Katie Courage asks is what it all boiled down to. The procedure is being shown today in the Tuesday on the NBC Morning Show as part of a week long series on Column Cancer. Correct 43 was given a mild set of different tests discusses what's happening throughout. We're showing you to demonstrate there's no reason people should be scared. Executive producer Jeff Zucker told the Philadelphia Empire for Sunday's edition. We tried to do it with tremendous sensitivity. He said. We don't show a lot of her colon. We're not going to grow anybody out. I mean, isn't this what America's always waited for? Is to have somebody stick a camera away inside, Katie Courage. Correct. Yeah. Can you just imagine a possibility? And what if they should have found something in there? Oh, look at that. There's a big, roteski. It looks really melancholy to me. A big thing in there. A big disgusting thing. But of course, this is already. Now is this being done alive or is this no, of course not. Now see that would have been the real thing because this is in the past. It's on tape. Because if it was live, America could discover she got this enormous tumor up inside her colon and she's like knocked out because you don't know anything. And then when she wakes up, I mean, hey, guess what, Katie, everybody's talking. You got something in there. You got that goddamn gun in there like that bitch in Bogota. Yeah. Maybe we have somebody in there and so on that. You think we have anybody who watches the today show in a song? No, we'll find out. He back in the days when Joe Dodge, you all was hosting today show. Wouldn't you like to see somebody stick and gun or something? I think yeah, like a foot. And then when Brian Gumble was on today, I'm a Kati Kirkwood. It's stuck her leg way up in the back room for free. And her fist all the way up to her armpit. Right. Go way in there. Here's David. Hello. Hey, now how you doing? Okay. I know you're a hack fair. I'm not much of one, but I heard you talking about we're out. Yeah. You were a skill as good. I think she like scored a game time goal recently. I was wondering if you were. Wow. What'd be the least? Was it a lucky goal? How many goals has he got this year, sir? I'm not trying to argue with Joe. How many did he got? I think how many did he got? Was it a lucky goal that didn't go well? How many did he got? I think we'll scale. How many did he got? Good. 560, 505, 60, pont, 50. And it's an interesting. He sounded like a person of color this guy. The name? Oh, to me. Yeah. So now even that's a racial issue. Square to go on Saturday to one of the got. He still can't play for crap. Okay. He's still going along in that team. He still brings nothing to the table. Have you got it, sir? Do you understand? Oh, no. This guy wouldn't know a guy damn hockey puck from the watermelon seed. That's our PR. Another expert. 560, 505, 60, pont, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. 877, 785, 6345 on our warfamous side of town line. I feel the audience is probably still either convulsing on a floor after my grid read no more cancerary that meeting. I mean, that's just, it's mind boggling to me. I didn't know what it'll laugh or cry. Oh, yeah. If you'll sign an extension, you extend this. Okay. My float up your rectum sounds like a good extension to me. I noticed by the way, the line forward doesn't seem to be working right now. Maybe I'm wrong about that. Do you know what I said? I could be wrong, but it sounds just got that little, I will say. I don't want to reverse the drive in the air. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. I need an ad on. Okay, sir. The listen to you of most of your 24 years and appreciate your program quite a bit. One of a few hockey fans that are down here. I've been, was a season ticket holder. Yeah. Yeah. Rangers for about seven years. And I guess late 60s and early 70s and other radio barriers. We don't want to hear about that about the past. Yes. Okay. I wanted to give you a spary for it. I noticed a place that was opening called Rochester Hotz. And propanovic nap Avenue just off a federal highway. And you might be able to get some of these vehicles. We've been able to get them down here in Wayne Arles for the last 10, 15 years. He's had him for years. Yeah, no. But it's another one. He's a talk to the guy at a phone number outside. He's waiting for a couple more inspectors. Okay. Well, listen, tell them you'd like some freebies when they're, for given a pre plug on you. Okay. Roger, you'll bear. So this is, this is the same old crap again. This is the appell that we had here on Friday about. You want to hear the calls we've had two calls here in the last couple of seconds. Did he do what I'm having the same? Oh, two great hockey experts, two, by the way. One of wants to know was it lucky goal and his Peter Ruella's blackings. Everybody says he is. And in this guy who's like, wants to tell me about Whitehots. The astonishing seat. But it really boils down to is the audience wants to hear me rip the callers in as. That's why half of our audience listen to the show. Which is fine. I mean, you listen for whatever reason you listen. We're glad that you listen. If you listen, if you like that, that's farting sounds. Whatever reason, whatever turns you on, if we can help me kill four hours of the, in this town, especially, then more power to all of us. That's all I can say. But that's really what it boils down to. So why should I disappoint them? I'm 24 and I'll guess who the first person was. I saw when I pulled him apart and left this morning. And I sat in the current till he disappeared. Peter Leonard. Yeah, exactly. My eyes were rolling in my head too when I saw him. I thought to myself, I don't want to hear it anymore. Okay, Peter. Just go away. Just go away. Leave. Don't leave. Whatever. So, it's up to you. QAM.com for all of your cyber news. They have the internet on computers now. Sports radio 560 QAM. This place in stands for not... Hello Mr. Rockair. How you doing at a clear boat? Excuse me. First up, sir, we will do the Rochak test. What's the love when you roll your tongue like that? Oh, your boyfriend, sir. Oh, she's... Oh, I got her. The Rochak test is in Blots as they say in English. And I was choosing Blots and you were telling the first thing that pops into your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at... Okay, so what do you think this is? Oh, Mom. Oh, can this? Slelbo. Okay, and this one? Infected, Haitian. All right. How about this? About a Valentine riding the baloney pony. Interesting. What? Let's move along, shall we? Let's try some word association. I see a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head. No, Mr. Rockair, it's not a yet. Here we go. Dog. Grainous. It's cat, microwave. The color blue. Where? You know, John, why are we trying waiting among the four at you response, York? Mr. Rockair, I only wish to be a friend. Oh, you got me on this couch, Doc. You're a mom? What? You're a fake boy? John, I'm a man. Sure, yeah. What's your watch named Chuck? No, actually it's Gladys. Yeah, your Gladys, it ain't out, did you? A fake boy? Come out of here. Whoa! Why are you running? That's a running John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my house sing? John. Yeah, bring it back, John. Okay, 1043 and 560 WKOM. He's the most pretty good in the me. I don't care what they say. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood, Leo. Yes, sir. How's it going for you? Okay. Last week I was listening to your show around Thursday and Friday and you had this double standard thing going on. And double standard thing? Yeah, you were talking about double standards. Oh, you mean my black and white? Yeah. My black people can do no wrong. Yeah. Yeah. And a little bit in the job place and how it goes on with that whole affirmative action thing. Uh-huh. Well, I got something like that. I experienced. I was working at this organization and we'll just add the top of the food chain. She was a butch. You know what I mean by that. And it seemed in every significant position, there were all butchers. And it seemed like you had to be a lesbian to get anywhere. Yeah. And I just wanted to let you know that I was a victim. Victim of one. Because you weren't a lesbian? Yeah, exactly. Okay, thanks for the good news. There's a guy who's not a lesbian. Oh, let's hear it. I guess I'll never be on Howard Show. 560, 1050, 60 on the AT&T line out of town line, 877, 785, 6345. Anybody see Katie Kirk's. Correct. I mean, this is what they show us all about. That's why they like to call us so much because it's two shows for the price of one. I sit here and I talk about all of these things. And then they respond. No, I'm talking about. No, they got their own agenda. Just like when George was talking about his citrus cancury. They were on Friday when I was driving to the airport. My cancury store started erupting on my lip again. Just hearing about that. All we does tell me that much later on in the show is kind of like a delayed reaction. We think one of seven seconds delay. One about a two and a half hour delay. Some time it's about a two or three week delay. Like now, happy anniversary, Neil. But that was five days ago. Yeah, but we're a little slow out here. Happy anniversary. So it is you have an excellent point. It's like 15 different shows because they have their own agenda. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Hey, no, I thought Katie's wrecked him this morning. And it looked good. It looked good, huh? Yeah. I think it's like a wrecked a machine. Yeah. I think the point of what she's doing. I think her husband died a colon cancer. Yeah. I understand it. I mean, suppose her husband would have had a heart attack. Does anybody have to go? No, seriously, an insider heart. Do we have to have an angel plastic and see the inside of Katie's heart. Just to make sure she doesn't croak the same way. What does that mean? Let me ask you this. Suppose her husband would have died God for a bit of testicular cancer. Will we be searching for a Katie's penis? Perhaps could be. I guess you don't cover time magazine to call Katie's big crusade. Oh, boy. She's out. She's on the soap box to fight colon cancer. Yeah. But tomorrow the whole audience. Listen, I'm all for people going to getting screening. I did it myself. It's a piece of cake, so to speak. It's not a hard thing. You don't feel a dancing. It's fine. But don't you think we can convey the message without America looking inside her. Right, though. Don't you think that'll be the model. That'll be, I guess we're trying to get big numbers for tomorrow's show. Wait, it was a Britney Spear starts her new cervical cancer or a screening test. Yeah. The only I could say about the boy was they did it very tasteily. And it was pretty interesting. I'm 45 years old. And I never thought about having anybody stick to anything on my ass. Yeah, so it was a taste of the rectum. That's good. Yeah. It was good looking. Okay. And I'm not going to play taste like a penny. That would be bad or what. I would be bad. Well, maybe I will. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 180, and 10, 80, while it's lying. Out of town line, 87, 7, 7, 85, 63, 45. I'm going to read this article from the St. Catherine standard because it's your beat these calls we're getting so far today. I've always we don't have that many to begin with. I mean, you know, stop, stop and think back to that day that we were at Seminal Indian Week of your Saturday. Think back to that day. Take a look at the phone. Think, take a look at that last rating book. And you understand why I said on a Friday, and I'm thinking it over the weekend, especially in light of these ridiculous comments this magnanimous offer. The man is making it in my attorney. And sometimes I feel like life is passing me by. Here, a QAM. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like we're vanishing from the woodwork. I met a young man on a plane here on Friday going up to Toronto who's a big, Lee Span, big hockey fan. Good guy. 19 years old, look about 22 or three to make. But nevertheless goes to school down here. Doesn't listen to AM radio. He ever heard of me? No, never heard of this show. No. We're just vanishing into the woodwork on this radio station. Just the, just the vanishing from the face of the earth. America's infatuation with the handgun. An editorial first published in the St. Catherine standard and then reprinted on Saturday in the Toronto star. It says, what is it going to take for America to get the message? How many more innocent people have to die or be injured by indiscriminate gunfire? The shooting of six-year-old Kayla Rollin by her six-year-old classmates in the suburb of Flint, Michigan, is the most wrenching of all the deaths by firearms this year. For a sale of the assured, it had become the focus of attention by those who call for the rest of handguns in the US. But is it possible to stop the spread-up or reduce the millions of pistols in that country? Why could the child fire the gun, US president Bill Clinton asks? If we had the technology today to put on these child safety last night, a lot's widely do it. His attitude, which reflects the American belief that better technology can solve all their problems, won't it wouldn't apply to a stolen bed in the poor neighborhood? Gun thieves don't care about childproof locks. It's tempting to explain away the shooting as a result of the drug culture the boys grown up in, and the poverty of his neighborhood, 82 and a half percent of the school children there qualified for a free or reduced meals in 1999. But that wouldn't explain all the other school shootings where the assailants were older white teens, most with middle-class backgrounds. The most common denominators in the shooting rampage equation are America's love affair with guns, and their myth of the gunman who solves his difficulties by resorting to violence. The first Mexican getting hold of a gun remarkably easy, the second makes using a gun to settle the spute remarkably tempting. The six-year-old boy probably had a little idea of the Army could inflict. But how would you explain the gunman who shot five people at two fast food restaurants and looking for a Pennsylvania on Wednesday? He knew exactly the cost in human suffering his bullets would cost. Let's be realistic. The U.S. has to somehow rediscover the value of human life. It has to figure out what has made human life so cheap that they can be so easily stuffed out in the very place where they have every right to feel safe and secure. Their school's their restaurants and their work sites. Americans must also change their thinking about the use of violence to settle grievances. Otherwise their society will continue to pay such a fearful price for this inexplicable adolescent evacuation with a handgun. What a great look. I wrote it. Especially that line about the U.S. has to somehow rediscover the value of human life. How many times have I said that? You can travel all over the world. I'm talking civilized countries, not like Uganda, but civilized places. And the discover that human life released in some places still has some value. How do you like that? Not here. Cheap. Cheaper in a gallon of gas. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. There's a mobile and a mountain man. The Maple Leafs win the car. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yes. You're in sight on why the panthers are making any play at all for Ray Bork with him out there. Sir, this is a hockey show. You're a big hockey fan. Should I talk about hockey this morning? No. Now all of a sudden it's a hockey show. The hockey show was last night with Rimmer and J.D. Okay. This is a hockey show. The panthers are making a life for Ray Bork because maybe they figure he's at the end of a great career. And he's a dodder. I have no idea because he's already gone from Philadelphia. If you were watching ESPN, he's already going to be an outstanding man and now he's sign with the flyers. It's already a done deal. Why didn't the panthers get Vladimir Molico? Because he went to New Jersey because they didn't make it as good of a deal. I don't know. Ask Ryan Marassis spokesman. This isn't a sports show. It's not a hockey show. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Any a hole for you? Okay sir. Well, talk about double standards. Here are many beach. The gay community. Community discriminating against federal officials. Great. Glad to hear it. It's about time. Here's a mobile and keep us gay and hello. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Wonderful article. I just want to know where was that. Where did you get the article from? I just got through Tonya Wars from was from the St. Katherine's newspaper. And we had it in the two of us. Yes. Lovely. Yeah. Okay. Here's our last call on a Monday. Mobile and Margate. Hello. Yes. I just want to say I completely agree with the article there. I mean, if anybody takes a look and looks at the death rate in the US, any major city we have more murders in the US, then whole country's new. We're not even people to write that off of this because we have more people. We have more murders in the US than whole countries do. No. More murders in major US cities. That's the entire country. You can have more murders there in a month. And they do in Canada an entire year. Yeah. We've put it wrong with that picture. And it's. But you know nobody cares. You've had the problem. Nobody cares. And the article points out that life is real cheap in the US and they're right about that. Well, and what, how do we get people to care? I mean, how do you tell me how to get people to care? I've been trying for 24 years and a couple of days and it's down. You get people to care about anything. If I succeeded, they couldn't give a flying crap. That's the American way. They don't care. I find it incredible that something is precious. You human life. We can't get people. But they don't care. They do not care. They have nothing to say about it. They don't care about human life. They don't care about children. They talk a good game. But well, maybe they used to. They don't even do that now. They got nothing to say. I find a six year old. The fact that a six year old goes into first grade class and shoot a kid. The fact that that's even something that a six year old could could contemplate. I find that disgusting. Yeah. And there's. And there's. So did any other civilized person, but doing the other stance. But America wants to know when's the next to who wants to marry a millionaire? When's that going to be on? On what year laugh of, but that's what it's all about now. America's there. They're, their mind is in the gutter. They don't care. They don't have time for anything meaningful. And have a day five six. This is my last call for phone calls. And we got the Marlon game coming up in 1250. So we won't take a lot of music to fill that time. And then I got Dave Hyde's column to deal with here who sells out. And one day, it's all a took for a to sell out Dave one day. I was going to ask five six seven over in and he wants to know if I want to do an extra year or two of this. What I sign up with this great cup. So it's a combination between the fact we don't have a phone at worst most of the time anyway. Even when we do, which day it looks like it's working, we don't get any calls to begin with. And I want to come in for an extra two years now, which would make four and a half more years. And then for calls every day. No, no. No. I've given it my best shot for 24 years trying to wake the message. They got nothing to say about anything. You pick it. In fact, that's what I was thinking about was going to the airport. And you were like a shock that you didn't get like an immediate response on the surface. And eventually later on you did, but after, you know, how much time? Whaling and nationally. You picked that topic like I told him before. And if they got anything to say about it, probably no, anything about it. No, no. But now all of us said there are hockey experts in how come we didn't sign a report. Because we didn't. Here's a mobile and key west. Hello. Hello. Mobile and four. Hello. Yeah, I know. I don't care about young children getting killer any, any life you take. And how much of it is really, really due to 24 hour newscasting, looking for stories And really, I think you were right. I think that's right. If we would just not have the news on there all the time, we wouldn't have to hear about these terrible things. You probably kill like a lot of each other. Or maybe that kid just watched too much CNN. You think that could have been an answer to probably what it is. 24 hour newscasting. That's our problem. What did for bad stuff that goes on? We don't be a lot better off. It just kind of stuff could happen. We just didn't have to hear about it. But that little girl she would she be anybody or off? No, she still be dead. But they're all the rest of us would be a lot better off. And if we put on a big front say, I guess what, it doesn't happen here. But this is a surprise place the next day. I think thanks for solving the problems sir. Excellent. Let's just leave it under the carpet. And the bodies two five six seven's five sixty pound five sixty. On the eight t and t line.wydd especially dead Monday morning out of town line 87 seventy and I can't get out of the house. What the would you do, I can't get out of the house. Good Lord, take it away. Buh! I don't like a costume. I'm sorry, but I'm lying. I'm not lying. I'm not just a leader, I'm lying. I don't like it, I don't like it. Yeah! When I get out of the engine, here, but right now my major is drinking beer, just in tune. And we're like a bath floor. And we're like a bath floor. And we're like a bath floor. You're gonna love in class. I just don't but that's the best. It's a little lady, yeah. Yeah! I'll be here for full-knowing years. There's all the air that you've been to. We're just a troublemaker. I'm like a bath floor. I'm like a bath floor. I'm like a bath floor. I'm like a bath floor. I'm like a bath floor. Yeah! Welcome to Rocket Fire Station W2A. Don't go away because we've got the Marlins in the Kansas City Royals. Oh, 50, less than two hours from now. And we'll get this audience turned on. When I had Marlins exhibition in the game comes on, it'll do it. How's lying for? Come in by the way. This is one of my things I think is working. I think we actually talked to somebody on there. Not that I'm nervous about lying for or lying seven. You understand? Well, I need to say that. Since we had problems here on Friday. No, all sounds kosher to me. Sounds great. USGL's two millionth inmate. Let's hear it. Oh! Vigils were mounted in more than 30 cities in the US this week. To draw attention to the arrival of the country's two millionth jail inmate. The United States comprises 5% of the global population. Yet it is responsible for 25% of the world's prisoners. That's the American fucking way. It has a higher proportion of citizens in jail than any other country in history. According to the November coalition in Alliance of Civil Rights campaigners, Justice Policy Workers and Drug Law Reformers. The coalition is seeking to draw attention to what campaigners feel as a trend for locking up ever more offenders, most of them non-violent. And incarceration should be the last resort of a civilized society. Not the first said Michael Gellosack a former vice-chair of the US Sentencing Commission. Gotta get all those drug people in jail, right? Yeah. Go through those ass trades. Get everybody in jail. Uh-huh. And of course that makes more room on the streets, more room on a highways. safer for all of our activists. Maybe that's where all our audience might be now. They're all in jail. What do you say? Yeah, they're all in behind bars. All those drugbies used those within the Arab Joushou. Yeah. I've been put away. That doesn't keep them from calling. They've been now set up the old Hershey Highway. Wack them. They're waiting for Jazz McKay to come back for that. He used to be the one talking all the people on the inside. 5 6 7 0 5 60, palm 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. You should get something any height. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Mobile in Hollywood. Okay. I'll try one or two more. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. The problem is just the social welfare system in the whole country. I mean, as long as you're going to hand out checks and the more kids. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Actually, I was changing the subject a little bit getting back to your question. Do I ever listen to the violence on radio? That's a pull question on the internet. Yeah. It's not a question. No, it's not a bit. We don't discuss the pull questions on the air. Okay. I could just do screenless and go yes and no. I guess, and no, when yes and no for like, which would probably do more interesting. The calls were getting. That's a good point. Actually, I'm a little bit more excited right out about the hurricanes. The code to get you said we're not. We're not. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T. This is scary today. This is beyond scary. I thought the Greg Reed meeting with Norma can't. I thought that was scary. But this to me is unbelievably scary. This is the bet and then the pull result. 50, 3% of our audience wants to hear these phone calls. They want to show us better what the calls. This is what you listen for. This is what you want to hear. Yeah. It's a bunch of assholes who have nothing to say. That's what you listen to the radio around your show. Yeah. After 24 years on a year. Hallelujah, baby. I've made my mark in a big time. Talk at a people going move a move. It like that for hours a day. Making a lot of money for doing it. Here's the mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. Anyhow, you're doing great. A couple of things going on to comment on a while ago. I mentioned on the show about how the government up in Canada is subsidizing the hockey teams up there. They're not. Yeah. They passed the bill. No sir. They did not pass the bill. The bill did not pass. The public responded with overwhelming opposition. They changed their mind. Okay. Do not close it. Well, the comments that I wanted to make is here in the states. The taxpayers in the United States subsidized professional teams. And the way that they do it is the owners depreciate the value of the players' contract and deduct that from their corporate and or individual access. So we've been doing that for years and years and years and years. Yeah. Also, I wanted to get some feedback from you on what you thought of John Henry's latest scam in regard to coming up with some money to pay for his state. I'm just talking about that. I've been talking about it. I talked about it on Friday. I talked about it again today. I'm sorry. I didn't hear the answer. The answer was absolutely positively. No. No more money for billionaires to build more stadiums. And arenas. No. No matter where it comes from. Hello. Yes. There was an interesting column in the paper yesterday about it. I believe it was Dave I. He said that what's there. Sir, are you you're not listening to the show. Okay. Have a nice day. Have a nice life. And it wasn't an interesting column. It's an idiot a column which I have right here in my hands, which already been referring to. And let me say it again for you and Dave hi. And any other bozos. If they're going to tax the cruises. If they're going to have any more taxes. Take that money and put it to something worthwhile. Not more stadiums. Not more rainers. Not more empty buildings for billionaires. You got it? No. It didn't think so. There was no sir. Just say no to John Henry under any circumstances. 560 5060, 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile in Fort Waterdale. Hello. Was holding for Hank? Yeah. Hold this. Here's a mobile. This is just asshole. They we have nothing but asshole on his phone today. Mobile in South Miami. Hello. That got you. Yes. Listen. It'll be interesting to see who can re get to who's actually in. He's got Dave. He's got Dave. He can be sure that he goes already on his bandwagon. He's got himself his ass. You'll get a few more police. It'll be interesting when it finally comes down. Yeah. I just I find it totally wrong that you get pre-empted for exhibition based. Sir. I'll tell you. No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm sitting here doing a supposedly highly-wated show. Are you if you've been listening to these cars? Coral. Okay. So what's the point? What's the big deal about my being on a year? What am I accomplishing here? We said I'm going to live in which I need to do I need the money. But other than that, what am I accomplishing by doing a show on this radio station? Think a few years of your life. Yeah. That's what I'm accomplishing. I mean, this is a prosthetic. This is these calls are substitutes for having something to say, which these people don't have. Well, I'm sorry, but. And join the club. Thank you. He's sorry about it. So am I. It just gets worse and worse and worse. And worse and this man thinks I want another year or two of this. I don't want another minute or two of this. Much less another year or two of this. This is a vacuum this place. Vacuum. Oh, screw you're new. Go to, yeah, man. Maybe I just will. You know, maybe before the end of the week. Maybe I just will. Get on a plane Friday afternoon. I go up to Toronto. Have a great weekend talking to people that know something about life about the real world. People with a smile on their face. People who aren't walking around going like. Like that. And I come back here. It feeling great this morning. All this is a full of it. Just loaded with it. That's that, too. And right off to that. Here we go with a bunch of retards. A bunch of mouth readers again. Hold on for a hike. And not even good. Bad material. The only thing. Week. Week. How many times have I brought something up about the pants. About hockey. I've never got a response. No. Banging. Banging people. Talking about the food in the arena. Banging for response. No. And I want to have a sudden after I go out about 40 minutes. Monologue this morning. Now I got a bunch of idiots called dumb hockey calls. Like dumb pet tricks on letterman. We got dumb hockey calls. I haven't got any idea why we have a hockey team in this town. I have no idea. There is absolutely no idea. There is absolutely no interest. None. Other bodies in the stand. It's a social club. Were you fudge back? Starting this month on TLC. You marveled at the inside look at ER doctors on trauma. Life in the ER. Now follow the lives of proctologist in a major hospital. Colin Corner. Week. The next day. On TLC. It's television. The working. If you like to watch somebody shove their hand up to someone. Come on. Correct. If it's a never getting correct. It's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. If it's good. That's good. Always put in a commercial hospital. Not with a  wall with an oval wall in that building. Do you feel bad when you start seeing people with zeitgeized movements? Yes. Do sort of a kleiner human stick and maybe please don't heard it. However, if it is in Lebanon. No one this one because one view is actually thriving the whole world. I don't know. What happens is we didn't even hear them. the observers, the audio observers said that they heard. When the, let me say it again, it was absolutely incorrect in the pilot of the other helicopter also says it was incorrect. I read both stories. It was not correct. Okay. So if you pick up today's newspapers, it's right there on a front page. Sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60. This is the absolute last call for calls in the history of the New Year Rodgers Show. The 53 percent of you who want calls on the show, here's your opportunity, make one. Because if we don't get some calls now, I'll never give them up around again. And you'll ever hear when it calls on the show again. You can take that to the bank. This experiment expires in 30 seconds. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60, on the AT&T line. 8, 7, 7. I mean, this is just astonishing. We have to be off the year. We have to have numbers like anyone's stupid talk. We have to be in the fractions by now. Keep in mind the book is like ancient history. That's October November December, if the 6th of March today. They're couldn't possibly be anybody listening to the show now. So I have to go through such an unbelievable song in a dance. The try to listen any kind of a response out of 4 million God damn people out there. Allegedly, it's 20 of whom might be listening. In fact, there's got to be 69 listening. Where do you get that number? Well, I've had you write got that number. Because our first hour in a poll result, you've listened to Marlins baseball on QAM. We had 60 votes saying, and nine saying, 69 votes, nine listening and 60 do not. Which doesn't auger too well for what's going to happen in 12. For me, so maybe it's a good thing that we don't have anybody listening this morning. They're just warming up from Marlins baseball. Positive. Absolutely positive. How's line 7 coming by the way? Sounds like it's working to me. Is this the sound like it's working to you? What's that? Hello? What was that? Got me. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. How are you doing, Neil? Great. I mean, I want to commend you on your aggression issue that is going on in the world today, and the reason why you don't get the call this man, because you're intelligent as far as surprise is these people calling you man. That is correct. They don't have any work in genius. They want me to sort of smart what am I doing here? The problem is man, that they want to hear you talk racist talk, or they want to do one thing you talk to foodies talk. Yeah. All right, Neil, have a nice day. Okay, back to you. Brother, why don't you talk racist talk to you, Sparcer? 560, 505, 60, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line, mobile and pepper pines, hello. Neil, how you doing today? Not the best sir, not the best. Well, I was really afraid about now and a half ago. I was doing sensational. Well, you always say you don't get any hockey calls all the talk about hockey. And one of the things I wanted to talk about is the attendance and personally, I know is part of it. Well, I'm just there to talk about. Well, I like I know it bothers you that, or you personally, that people, you really, I know it doesn't bother me if people don't really, why would you say that? Well, I thought I've heard you mention that. So I thought there's needed people don't show up or that doesn't bother me that they don't really state all the thing and leave whatever they want. Well, I had to tell you that. I mean, I know it's kind of price as you can leave whenever they had you. Well, that's what I think. But I'm one of the ones that leaves early in the reason that the reason that I leave really is because of the acidizing engineers and designers and whoever put up the money of why there's no direct on ramp when you're leaving to go north. Yeah, so Sparcer. Well, I'll watch it on TV. Well, I'd rather go for 50 or 55 minutes of the game than not go at all. Yeah. I'm sure that when I state, when I state till the end, the difference between getting home at 11 o'clock at night, it's 12.15 for five minutes of hockey for me and worth it. Right. So I don't know why they don't have a ramp going to the north, but to make to go with those idiot police, but who do absolutely nothing at the three traffic lights, where you have to make left-hand turns, I just don't get it. Yeah. I'm sure that I live three minutes away. I'll tell you that. Well, maybe moving my video. Maybe that's the best thing is the three minutes away. And that doesn't matter how easy you stay. Well, I hope you take those better. Thanks. Did you say, Dago? Did you say, Dago? Huh? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Stewart. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Yeah, from Rochester. Yes. Yeah. Hey, you know, Nick Tahoe has new hours now. Yeah. They close at seven o'clock. Yeah. The home of the garbage plate. And? And? Why does anybody care about that, sir? Well, you're going to be moving back up north, I heard the control. No. Okay. And if I were moving back up north, why would I care what time Nick Tahoe's closes, sir? Is there anybody in the face of the earth who cares what time they close? Well, no. No. Stop and think about that call. Oh, seriously, stop and think about that call. Nick Tahoe's with the garbage plate. And this guy, believe me, you can tell from the call. He knows his garbage. Huh? Okay. Nick, don't mistake about that. 567560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's complaint line. Call him with your complaints. Got a guy. He don't like the off ramp. Isn't the way he wants it. The cops are doing the job up there. He can't do steady entire game because he wants to get home before two o'clock in the morning, which I don't blame him. See, if they would have built a goddamn thing in the first place with 17,000 or 17, five something like that, it would be close to filled up a lot of time, or at least it would look a lot better. And we wouldn't have to have all those baby seats in the corners. But you know, something they didn't do that because of one word greed, because they're going to try to jam as many seats as they can, no matter how narrow, no matter how uncomfortable because that's what it's all about is greed. One more reason to just say John Henry and to tell Dave Hi that he's dreaming of he's whistling in the dark. He says, oh, it's for the first time a sport thrown or not only has a good plan, he's got a worthy corporate villain on the other side. Let me say it again, no matter how much he hate Mickey Harrison, the idea of cruising the crew of the of tax and the cruise ship lines, which is a great idea, by the way, so we can get something out of it. That money's got to go to something worthwhile, not to another billionaire. Don't you understand that David Hiad? Oh, Jackass. I wonder if Dave Hiad is married, maybe has kids who go to school in his god for second place. Anybody else who works in these newspapers? Get a brain, baby. Get a brain. Get sucked in, right off to that one day he sucked in. Oh, yeah, this is a great idea. It's a delicious idea because we don't like Mickey anyway, they don't play in no taxes. So let up pay taxes and let's turn this into a goddamn livable place. We already got a stadium in an arena and every goddamn street corner. Dave Hiad, you jerk. Here's a mobile and coconut creek, hello. Nearly got to stand down and you leave the airways. There's nobody else on it who has a clue about what the fan says to him. Yeah, great. Well, the pan says, oh, yeah, that's why she's there because nobody else has a clue what the pan says to him. Yeah, because we got so much hockey and twist here. You know what I'm saying? Not here, you jerk. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let me change the subject a little bit. What does that mean? Let me change the subject. What is the subject? Well, the subject is, would you or just talk about what Mickey has in the arena? Not the subject. What? Well, I wake up in the closet this morning and what are we here on his team? Dan Reno's going to Minnesota. Uh-huh. Now, I got a good idea of what happened to addiction. Minnesota. 560, 50560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Are we going to be talking about Dan Reno? No. I don't want to hear the name again. No. Don't want to hear the name. Even Eddie the Pope said, stick a fork in him. He's done. Even Eddie the Pope who's got three Dan Reno blogels. Oh, geez, I just said it again. Sorry. Here's plantation, hello. Need a higher today. OK. A couple of things I wanted to talk about. What about politics? I've been super Tuesday tomorrow or Tuesday. They're super screws. They're the man that thinks. You think McCain has a chance? A chance of what? Coming anywhere near Bush. Coming in near Bush? Yes. Who's Bush? We're talking about. What about George? Does he have a chance to win tomorrow? Yes. No. He's going to win from states like in the way. What do you saw, Tuesday, about John McCain, about? What's his claim to fame? I'm not. He's a B&P of B-Sides B-Sides B-Sides. The Hanoi Hilton. What's his claim to fame? I'm just worried about George Bush being in there because he cares about nothing but Cloaky. No, you should be delighted that George Bush is going to win tomorrow. Because Al Gore will wipe him like the sidewalks up with him in November. That's true. And Gordon, I'm sure he'll help me. Who's that? Who's he? Cloaky. Cloaky. Cloaky. 560, 560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. Just when you think you've seen and heard it all, you come back to this. Oh, no, it's one other year or this, Neil. How about two years? No, no thanks. Even with a phone system that worked, the answer is still. Oh, no. Even if we were doing live from Nick Tahoe's with a garbage place for every meal, the answer is still no. Go away, Greg. You bother me. Here's a mobile and Miami lake, Silla. Neil, God. Yes, sir? Neil, I call you. You said you got no calls. I can't get through to the phone. It's just what we do for you today, sir. All right, listen. What in blue blazes? I'm so tired of seeing only Cassini Kavacha. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Neil, don't. That guy started talking to answers and you knocked him off. I had one thing to say about it. I'm not talking hockey here today, sir. Let me say it again. It's not a hockey show. There's no hockey interest here. Amen. What's there to talk about? Well, I want to take a take a shoot with the guy before it was crying about going north out of that place. Because it's fine. I mean, how spoiled you got a beat to get to a game? If he thinks he's. He wants to leave with five minutes to go if he I leave many a game lately. I've left that for the second period. If the game is lobstided and it's the verdict is no longer in doubt. Well, what law is there that you have to sit there to look bitter and now I would say that if the game is like a tied with a minute to go in somebody leaves or going into overtime and people leave. I'd have to say those people are assholes, but there's still entitled to leave. No, I don't care that they leave early. I care that they don't show up. Absolutely. I'd like to see what father's made. I'm on that page and one fan to note they got a particular. I mean, Jesus, I mean, Jesus, I've got five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty. I mean, 18 T line. It's enough to make a grown man cry. Here's a mobile in four miles. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I was John and then four miles. Listen on seven seventy at B's Lee station. I feel your pain. I'm calling about the two stories. First about the little girl like I shot and the little. The little the liars, the B's pathological liars. The two million prisoner in jail also. I think they're directly correlated. There's here's a little kid who's a great example of. He's learned early that you know the crime. The punishment doesn't fit the crime. So he has no conscience. He has been. He's learned the punishment doesn't fit the crime. Six year old boy. Yeah. So he's like, hey, I can get away with an early age because if I can get away with it in an old age, I can get away with it now. You know, I don't have any morals. You know, the society is in teaching me. And you're also saying how nonviolent prisoners also. You know, fill the prisons across the country. I always roll back to one of my favorite movies. I escaped from New York. They just make one giant prison. You know, give everybody a place to live. Some deep and you're on your own. You know, I know the ACLU and like it. But that's what I believe. You know, make a giant prison for all the violent offenders put them all there. Then it will free up all the prison across the country, followed a nonviolent offenders. It actually show people that, yes, the crime, the punishment will fit the crime. Just a solution I'd like to see. We're going to be going to be in the jail. Twenty-six after 11 at five sixty-w-two. We only had an hour and twenty four minutes away from. Oh, violence baseball. Can't beat that gater meat. And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush. Today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's Turbine Town Factory, right? And they here in Nevada. South Carolina, Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. Hey, Bush, what are you doing all my work done? I've never had work today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, pommel of your soaking in. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my, yes, sir. Yeah, well, you're going to go and now water. Good question in court who stops in the tip. Marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Cocaine. Yes. In Saint-Pain. Arrowing. Probably. Framituous. Andphetamines. Without a doubt. Without a doubt. No. Now you. What are you going to do to the back man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot. What? Can I get a lot? Don't tell me, but thank you very much. We got to go. I got to go. I'll be a filth. With George W. It's a lot of 32 or five 60 WQF 560. If we had a woman today, how about that? Here's Cassa de Gendouure. Hello. Hey, New York. Yes, sir. I do it. Okay. Don't go up the air. Please. Any minute. No, no, no, no. Any second. Well, you were there that one car that called this about this car. Who's? Yeah. I can't believe it. I'm interested in that. Interesting. What? My gosh. Of course you get midnight. You used to be open all night. So here. I'm not the New Yorkie. I hate to break the news to you, sir. But the majority of our audience, like 99 and 99 and 99 and 99 and they're all here. We're not there. Why you? I'm calling them up here in New York. Yeah. It's important. No, it's not. It is? No. I'm going to be a bit there. Yes. It's great. No, it is not great. It's okay. Okay. What do you do? They got good workers over there. Well, now you're starting to get more important things. That's true. You know what I mean? That's the only thing that loudness the look has come in. The cause of midnight? Now, what's good to have. Okay. Well, listen. I'm glad that there's somebody in the world who cared about that. I feel much better about the call from store. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Out of town line. I'm going to play the go-to-to-to. That sounds better to me. HOO! 877-785-6345. See, I was wrong. I was wrong. There are somebody who cares about what time the cow is closing. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to talk about double standards. I think what was in the hell's Sunday about these Cuban exiles. I and all these condos down in Cuba because they want to do business with Cuba. There's a good action. I tell you one thing I just don't care about Cuba. Well, you talked about double standards, right? Yeah. But I don't care about Cuba. Can I give you the heads up on something? You talk about the stock market. You know, this is the best economy that we've had in the long time. Green span is worried about wage inflation. In the year 2003-04, it's a fact that there's going to be Hispanic majority in this country. So, I think it's a wide point. What I make my own. Okay. He says they're saying that the answer is to get more interest. That's good. Get more, let more immigration. Yeah. So, that's going to make our economy even greater. Migration, right? And then, even. It will be on the floor. Wines with Haitian immigration. Are you following me, sir? Yeah. I'm on with Haitian immigration. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line, 877, 785, 6545. Got three anniversary cards. Well, my 24th anniversary. And a anniversary in Miami this year. Each year, of course, is the listening audience dies off. You see this, love, diminishing return. You know, I feel like Ralph Redneck only he's in a box. And I think I'll be joining him very soon. Very, very soon. And by the way, Terry Jackson or whatever your name is, it must be berries to and brother the rights of the hero of the TV column. The reason channel for his ratings has gone through the roof, which you've already written about before, but maybe your Alzheimer's have kicked it again, is because of operas, much as I hate to say it. That's why their news ratings are up. Not because channel for news is interesting. Not because anybody wants to see Angela Ray hyperventilating on there. Wow, like that. Every time she's talking about some little kid that just got killed. No, it's because of Oprah at pitch. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Dale. Yes, sir. I'm a first time caller, but let me listen to you for about 18 years now, but I had to call it, because I'm just overwhelmed by the type of calls that you're getting. These days, it's pretty nice. These days, these days, that's right. Every day it's like this now. Every bottle, I don't know what they pay you, but they don't pay enough. It's not just a question how much they pay you, and it's a question, how do you do a radio show in a town where nobody has anything to say? How do you do it? I'd say there's many issues that are worth talking about. No matter what's going on in the world, what's the big thing on the play today? Nick Tahoe's restaurant up in Rochester, and nobody ever heard of before. That's the big thing on the menu that they're calling in from out of town. What time does Nick Tahoe's clothes? Yeah, that's the big issue here today. Oh, really? Well, I'm a little listener, and I hope you don't go away, but when you're ready to go, I can understand why. I'm ready to go, guys, right now. And I pance, I think. Have it a great day, pal. I'm ready to go. Five, if we had one woman call right here today, oh, day morning, no, not one woman. And this audience cares enough to get off her goddamn ass right now, and tell us what Katie Kirk's director looked like this morning on the video show. That tells me all I need to know, okay? They don't know, Katie Kirk's director, and they're all bull. Good woman in its town. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Count five, 60 on the AT&T line, out of town line, and we don't want to talk to anybody from Rochester running out of town line, or Cassidy, or Candidate, or Shotalkua, 877, 785, 6345. By the way, next time that what's his name, first rat for walks in here, remind me to tell him to get off. He's killing me. Two, the star, oh, tonight, I'm VH1 behind the music. While MTV is wasting your time with the real world, road rules, and rock and jack football, VH1, remembers the music. Tonight at 8, it's Roof Hall, on Friday, followed by storytellers, for them, the village people, then it's a park and family behind the music, and a two hour Brady bunch documentary. That's tonight, right after Hard Walk live, featuring the Captain Entenile, only on VH1, yesterday, crappy music today. 187, let's buy a 60. We're only a little over an hour away from Arland Baseball. God, you feel the extra, you know, the best thing you can do is to get the best of the day. It's a very good thing to be able to get the best of the day. We're only a little over an hour away from Arland Baseball. God, you feel the extra, you can smell it. It's so it's building an hour. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. We got 16,000 overlaps. We had a lady on there, but did she hold on? No, she couldn't hold on long enough. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Not much. I'm a concerned parent as well as a concerned citizen. You hear that thing about that kid, you can't help it in our school, in your own school. Well, guess what? On Friday, I took my son up for school and just went. I got a letter and a principal told me that a kid first grade or botanite school and through this student, at what about local schools here in Kendall? Nice. I'll remove her. And you said you send back to his listen, you think about it. Wow, how could it happen, you know, here? And if it's amazing to detect this happened everywhere, not just somewhere else that's happened in this school if you're in Kendall and in Miami. Let me say this, if you've been listening to this show this morning, and I mean the series that I'm not being sarcastic. If you've been listening to this show this morning, that's the answer is to why this goes on and nobody cares. Do you follow what I'm saying? Yeah, I follow, I follow. Nobody cares. Well, you know, like dealing with a bunch of morons, low grade morons. Yeah, and you know, you're in one of the parents, I mean, myself, I check myself, but big everyday when he comes to school to see what they're doing, you know, what the top work. And how can they find a knife in the kids schoolback with the parents taking a little initiative? These aren't the kinds of things that the American public cares about. They aren't taking the initiative, and nobody's upset about it. Well, they need to be, because I mean, my stuff, I think the initiative, I go through my stuff, this does not mean, I know, not just to check up on this, see, you know, what's going on with him and what's, you know, with the school. And you got to get a little additional. Five six, six, seven, about the smitter. The dozen age smitter. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Here we are again, last call, last chance, last opportunity for all time. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to disconnect this phone physically. I'm going to take this cord. You got that sharp knife. Right. You got that Puerto Rican noise, switch blade and stole. I have a box knife. Good. And I'm going to slice this baby right off here. They can take this phone and stick it in somebody's window. In a corporate, okay? For all I care. This is an exercise that I, this is worse than the death by lethal injection. Worst than the goddamn electric chair and stark on a bad day for old sparky. That's how good this is. You can get off a guy damn plane from Los Angeles and big. You can get off a guy damn plane from the end of the world. And as soon as that sweltering heat hits you in the post and you say, oh my god, you're back in South Florida. You know what you're in for? Don't you? Uh-huh. This. Here's Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're one funny character. All right. I got you on the board to say. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm waiting. Okay. I'm just a little nervous first on my brother. I've never lost. Okay. About two months ago, I'm learning channel. Yes. Okay. They had a special one. Watch one with America. It all comes by to what you've been saying before overpopulation. The babies being made, died every day. And they did actually these business people out of Los Angeles. Actually did a five year survey. And so I think it was 70% of the babies being born or related to either drug addicted Iraq, a whole addicted parents and families. All right. Exactly. Great. Now they. They have put up money in their resolution. The front-by-solution to your forester is a little bit forester-ozation excuse me. Uh, the phone number is 1808. Well, wait. Wait a minute. Phone number for what? What they do is anybody that is a dick-a-dark or horror drugs. Yeah. Okay. You call this number. They will fix you for and they will pay you $200. Okay. So pay you $200 to sterilize you? Absolutely. And then they will give you a lot of gram. All right. Okay. souvent they will expensive news. But its easy. People who are talking about new law, that their family is into federal law- BOOK whirlwind off of them. The roads are so big. It's 1.88 30 crack. So that'd be 1.88 3027-25. 30 crack. Right. That's what if they can't spell clots? That's what I'm getting to the other non-unner. Oh, I got it. Great. But it's countrywide. These business people lost hands. Let's load it. They did it five years ago, right? And they will pay you, man or woman, $200 to get fixed, and they will provide you after care. They followed this one girl and they showed they have to care if they gave her. And they even got her a job in a place to look. Great. Excellent. But that made it worthwhile coming in today. So that was, I believe I was an intelligent call for that. Yes, sir. OK. That was a bless you, pal. The only one thing I want to say is that, that default guy, I mean, now he's like the biggest horn in the world. I mean, every commercial I hear, like he's talking about, his wife and his bedroom, he can't get it up on the hotel. I have a great day. Too much, too much. Well, yeah, I was asked, can some of you to booze, I'll do that too, you know what I'm saying? Here's a lady in Miami, can it be? Hello? Yes? Hi, I'm coming up. Oh, my God. What's going on here today? And not only this. I got a new listener for you. Yeah. Just leaving right now. I don't want to wake her up. Don't do that. We don't want to wake the audience up. If you just, just have a little baby last week. Well, isn't that nice? She owes it a crack, baby? Yeah, exactly right after that call. Mm-hmm. No, she's done good. I wanted to tell you real quick. Um, be that. Because your blood pressure higher than mine right now? No, it's not. Uh, you stand a little stressed. There's a lot of people out there who just don't get a chance to call you. No, no, you understand. This is, see, that that line that that's that's baloney. This is supposed to be a talk show. This is supposed to be where I come in and talk. And then people call up when we talk about crap, whatever it is. But they don't call. We don't, I'll take that from good crap. Or I should say, back. The food at Mount Sinai Hospital. Yeah, it's crap. Oh, oh, my God. Did that tell me something like the food you talk about? Oh, my Lord. There's a matter of things that they ship it over from outside of the Joravi. You know, we had to sneak pizza in, so I could eat something edible. It was terrible. They'll kill you in that place, Mount Sinai. Don't ever go there again. I really want to butcher shop. Okay, thanks, we'd already. All right, bye. Bye-bye. See, there you go. There was a woman with that heart. No, no. No. You just, you just smell it. You can sniff it just evaporating right in front of your posts. And Bluff Lindsey comes in here. Has he got any information about that phone system? No. Anything that has to do with his shelf? No. Come in with a note. Orlando Elzagiri says, Thurman Thomas is going to sign with a dolphins tomorrow. Do I care about that? Oh, these George Care about that? Oh, shoot anybody with a brain. Be thinking about that on the 6th of March. No. No. Exactly. Five. Yes. A strong Thurman Thomas. Is that who we're talking about? Oh, yeah. He's 182. He's going to be sent up with a dolphins tomorrow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Out of town. It's 877, 785, 63, 45. That's what I need to do. Get out of town. Soon. Greg Reed is a madman, Elunetic, an evil person. The Antichrist. They love me. I hate them. Here's a mobile and water, hello. Hey, Neil. You know, God, how are you today? Okay. That guy who was just calling, he was on crack. Look at all these crack people that are going to come over and go, I can make Twitter bucks by some crack or heroin. All I have to do is get sick. They can care about having babies. But they're on his, they're having babies every minute. That's the point. That's the point. But you know what, if they could afford the sterilization, they should. But now it's a chance to make 200 bucks and get sterilized, ins, more crack. Excellent. Let them smoke the crack. Just stop making a baby. See, does this guy get it? No. You don't get it. That's the point, sir. There it is. Right in front of your face. Take a look at it. You see, if you ever say anything, look like that before. You know what it is? Take a sniff of it. Okay. There it is. Take a little taste. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and hollywood hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was over Vegas last week. Yeah. And I went to one of the buffets. You know, that you, you could mention there's one of maybe hanging. Well, what do you want to want to want to mention? I never talked about any buffets in big. Well, maybe it was hanging. I don't need the buffets. The phaser for people who have a lot of time to be standing online. Well, I just want to check it out. So he would be talking about. But, uh, so anything was that was standing online. And ran into that guy, uh, Andy Rothman. And then as I reached for some of the, uh, Ha, he gave me the. Who the hell is that? Oh, he's this guy, you know. But anyways, I reached for the buffets. Yeah, I mean, he's at him. I suppose, no who that is? Well, are you having heard of them? No. Oh, well, as I reach for the height, of these said to me, Hey, the careful little, make your Schmidt. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. That's it. Okay, so it's just a little makeish math. Thanks. those. Do we know Andy Rothman? Do you have any idea who that is? Who? Exactly. 560, 50560, pound 560. Maybe he works in Nick Kahlo's that thing. Yeah. Oh no, he got no. He used to work in the college, but out of the clothes and early he's got canned. That's weird. Is it a good friend with David Sugarman? Yeah. David Sugarman's stepmother. And Steve Stone's boyfriend. I think they're connected. I had to hit. Here's Holly Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes. I can't understand why the beast is on what you go. Yeah. The other 15 stations then care. The other one? Yeah. 15 stations. They didn't care. They didn't want. They did good riddance. Yeah. Oh, thanks for listening by the way, then you arrived your show. Okay. The other 15 stations they didn't care. Does anybody understand what this guy's talking about? Oh, no. The other 15 stations they didn't care. They're the fit all of the other 15 stations that I was on. Is that what he's talking about? Oh, yeah. And you know something and he's followed me from the other 85 stations all the way So like I said, thanks for listening to the new Roger show on this station and the other 120, 60 stations that was on also sir. 5 6 7 0 5 60. See this is all John Henry's boyfriend's call today. Every time they think they turn the corner with some other cock and Amy proposal and it keeps changing every five minutes like people change to the depends. Oh, yeah. Now we got it. Now we can just get that tag at off the air to stop telling the truth. Just stop telling it like it is. No problem, John Henry got a lot of money. Just write it check seven figures. Any amount with seven figures. Okay. With seven figures before the decimal point. I'll be gone tomorrow. That's all and you can have your goddamn stadium. Dave, hide and default. I'll suck your ass. No problem. I won't stay in your way. It's a small pit and stupid compared to 320 million you'd try and suck out of the economy of South Florida. And out of somebody who's going to pay taxes somewhere. And I hate to break the news today, but yes, we already did that before with Wayne Hypinga, which sounded like a great idea, taxing the tourists with that bed tax to build a god damn macarena. And then we found out that he wasn't going to be such a nice guy after all. He was going to soak the public in arm and legs just to get near the place. So yes, we already did that, Dave, hide. But now you'd make all excuses you want for hopping on a bandwagon. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Mother, Neil. Yes, sir. Don't go anywhere. Because I drive about 40,000 miles a year and it's you're not on the radio. It's stuff on stuff on our team. Any day now, pal. Very soon. Listen to you in the morning. Otherwise, I'll listen to that bitch on the other station. Any minute. Excuse me, maybe it. Listen, reason I was telling was that it's a hockey fan. You're frustrated, but I haven't planned a rugby for 14 seasons. And you want to talk about a lack of attendance. No show to the rugby. Well, why should they? Well, it has all the extra money. But I don't care because nobody here cares about it. Don't just see nobody cares about rugby. I'm not an American sportsman. A Canadian sport. It's a European thing. Well, no, we have Canadian parking much. It's the most popular sport around the world. Just not having to pay for the most popular sport in the world. Around the world. Perhaps second. You know, that's interesting. The soccer people tell me they got the most interesting sport. The most popular. And then the auto racing people say, no, they got the most popular. And now you're telling me that rugby is the most popular. Well, let me players say that soccer players are girls. Uh-huh. Okay. It's a great time with a chair. Have a wonderful time and hang out with that square ball. What a bit of a Euro up in the squeeze. Woo! That's going to be a pull question and a rough day to come. Which is more interesting. Marlon's baseball or rugby. There you go. Miffin tuck. Five, six, seven. Are they on and a morning on the stupid talk on Miffin tuck? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. On the AT&T line, we're less than an hour away from Marlon's baseball. You can smell the excitement. When I joined, you'll just drop one. What a nice thing that is to do to him. Making work for an entire year and no one that he's not coming back. Lane Duck. As Nixon once said, the only thing worse than Lane Dick is Lane Duck. Here's Orlando. Hello. Andy, how are you doing? Okay. Um, do you think in retrospect, he was a mistake leaving clear channel on WIOD? I never worked for a clear channel. Oh, they bought it after you left. Right. But do you think you're in the very, yes, absolutely. Really? This is, this company is destroying my career. Now, I'm finished. I'm out of business. Yeah, I still listen to you all the time from up here. You're not that, but I could see your show is suffering from, you know, they're, they're not since they're going back. I'm going to make believe station with a company that doesn't promote nobody in their right mind. Listen to A M radio in the first place. We just keep recycling the same old people to lay die off and the same lifeless sports nerds. I mean, at this company, they think they, this, this can go on indefinitely and they're wrong. They're out there mind. You know, you know what I think should happen is the company should come along and put you on FM with film entry. Like they're not going to happen, Sir. It is not. What's, what's going to happen with Cox when, when they sold the station to know it, absolutely was not. You guys were on the impression that it was not because they lied a lot, just like all the other, I mean, not like these people, but they lied a lot too. WIOD. A Nick for Tony just quit Cox and you have any clue. I know you don't like mentioning the guy with a funny voice, but he's going to be on real radio here starting today. So maybe you could uh, you could send a case and maybe come on one or four. Have a great day, Sir. Three minutes still known at five, 60 WQM. I never thought I'd find the guy who lied and I make him with a round face today. I'm in the classic set of music stuff, so we have real good time at TV. Now we've agreed in China that in the trick is going to be the guy's to the bus. I got the chance of the quick cherry yoke. ... Ultra Command now is my baby calculance The fabric is belong to judgment or european I've now been waiting to go down on the hunt so we may cause they're easy to don't want to leave. The sweaty pressure must be stopped to smell the distance as they look at over time. Followed to a 56 in WQAM. Here's our pull by the way. First two hours, 128 votes already. Our pull that they do. Listen to Marlin's baseball on WQAM. So far 103 of said, What was it? They're a little confused I guess. 103 of said, there you go. And 25 of said, yes, no. So over 80% of the audience will be tuning out in, of course, that is what? People seem like that. Yeah, you have all these people that will be tuning in that aren't listening to you. Oh, that's right. I never thought about that. That's correct. All the sports nodes would be a new zombie turning in. See here in our game in 1250. So we got to 25 who said yes so far. And then the other 10 of the sports nerds will be turning in the year John Henry's baseball team play an exhibition This game. 80% will be saying, bye bye. See you John Henry. In fact, I think come November if they actually do finagle to get that thing out of about. I think it'll be more than 80% will be saying. Oh, John Henry again. No way. It's quite a what Dave Heid says in his very thinly matched suck job in the paper yesterday morning. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, don't know. Okay, sir. I have a question regarding the programming on the station because you're the only one that Give me a right answer. Yes. Okay. Who just are the marlins and Emma one choice on the station? What would a number one choice? Okay. You know, the biggest game of the year for the hurricane spasco ball team was on and they Founded out to 790. Yeah, because the marlins have a priority. It's a contract. Okay. And that's what I wanted to know. Yep. That's real smart. No, well, there you go. It's Greg Reed again. You know, making that sound. Yeah. And leave these consistent. Okay. I have a John Henry spiral pull for you sir. I was looking to walk in this over the weekend. You're with one? Well, probably. And they have a bumper with John Henry saying, you know, this is, you know, 70, 100, whatever whatever. And then he goes, is there a better sports station in Miami? I don't think so. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. And that's what the guy goes and winning your partners in the station. What do you mean one of my, well, you know, he's got a stake in your station. Oh, yeah. And the thought about that here we're paying, now, we've got to stake in a station. We're paying a million. I want the audience to stop and think about this. We're paying this asshole millions of dollars a year. That's crippling this radio station for the rights of this garbage that's coming up in 45 minutes. And he's on the other place, pump that promoting them. Yeah, he was an, an, an bumper. You know, in between the, you know, you know what a bumper is. I know what a bumper is all right. Have a great day. Have a, have a, have a, have a, have a. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news. I think you like that. John Henry sucking anywhere he can because he knows he's wasting this time. So I can, he's already got beef. It took about a buck and a half. I think it's all that took. Maybe a little trade out. Five, six, seven, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the 18 T line. 87, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, 63, 45. See if I'm one of the people here on the inside, if I had a brain, which I must be crazy. I must be nuts. They don't. I'd be psychotic here in there. The guy that's basically holding this place up almost with the gun to their head. And he's done there on the other guy. They're men sucking their ass. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, you got to, you got to stay, man. There's still people who love you here. I've been listening to you since I was about 15 years old. I can feel it. The warmth is overwhelming. Hey, don't lose hope. And hey, I didn't even know we had Marlon's baseball. Is there, is baseball here in Miami? We got it today, baby. What do you want to deny? You know what? It's that a whole week. Twenty four minutes away. All these taxes for stadiums. Why don't we keep them and build you a radio station where you can stick around? How are you talking? How about you, baby? I bet you we've had you to have a phone system in there too. Yeah, definitely. Maybe get to a phone system and nice, uh, a brand new stadium will call it the new Rogers Tax. I thought you need one. Okay, we got it. That's it, man. I just wanted to say hello and don't lose hope. Thanks. All right, bye. I already gone. Hope is gone. Oh, yeah. She's gone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Well, we can take our time this hour too. I don't want to say somebody downstairs made a mistake. She don't make mistakes. I don't want to say she screwed up on his log, but, um, Hey, listen, easy, come easy, go. And let me mention again, if you, uh, we're Mr. Show earlier. Tomorrow is March 7th. And you wonder, what does that mean? Why is that a significant date? It's a significant date because tomorrow is over. Which means I'll be able to talk about that thing. That would be easily, if we haven't been able to talk about. And am I going to talk about it? Yeah, in fact, even as the pressing is today is, I'm looking forward to coming into tomorrow. So I can talk about that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Uh, I hear Ali Om's throwing out the first pitch to that. Yes, he is. Okay, just want to confirm. Okay, you're welcome. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 10. He's also bedding clean up for the Marlins, right? Uh-huh. Because he works cheap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Uh-huh. And by the way, you'll be very pleased to know. And then Eric, up in our website, really gets down to it. He says, and so many people's lives seem to hinge on when the Tahoe closes. He did some investigating. As of March 15, the 320 Main Street West location began closing at AT&T. And because of excessive violence. Oh, the Ohio Avenue location, 22, 60, Ohio Avenue is still open 24 hours a day. So breathe easy. Okay, that guy up there and cashed a day go. Because they go and can't a day go and Geneva and Panian and Lee Roy and wherever else I left out. Just breathe easy. They want on the Lyle Avenue, still open 24 hours a day. And the other one you don't want to go there tonight. I guess is what it boils down to. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing this? The liquid right. You are a pilot coding. No time this way. Hello. I'm here. I'm listening, sir. When you need anything, pilot code is just a slow. Anything what? How to code it? Powder coded? Yeah. What is that? pilot coding, you, you, pilot code ran cloud covers and takes. Like a drain of? How about a donut? Uh, for you, yeah, hello. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Do you have any idea what he said? No. I think he had some of those mouth. Maybe some powder. How about some, powder? 560, 50560, pound 560 on AT&T wireless line? 877756345. See, I think based on what you would tell me about here. And now, what time of the day was that? Was that like live that you were here in that show? Yes. Are you sure? Because Georgia's tell me, was here in fuel or a Friday night again for an hour. And he was doing his usual stick and couldn't buy a single call. Not one. No takers. No takers. And he's not like 50 stations. So I'm sitting here getting all bent out of shape. Maybe what we're all doing because you look at their numbers. I mean, you know, we had a bad book, but it's still better all of their day parts put together. But we're done. This was fun for a long time, but you have to know that it's done. And of course, I'm not going to throw in the towel because I don't have enough light to retire it. If I had enough light to retire, I'd say goodbye tomorrow. I mean, honest with you, that's what I feel about it. When I have enough to retire, I'm going to say, see a Greg, that's all. I'm already determined how much that is. So if I come in and play music, if I play Hungarian, or in rhapsody, if I see you, we go, but let me let me let me let like that. It doesn't make any difference because that's the new Roger show. You can lead a, you know, okay, lead a horse to water, but you can't stick your nose in a direct room long. Isn't that the way the old saying goes, I'm like that, right? So I mean, I'm not going to force feed it if we're all done. It's time to get the message. If all of this stuff rick and dud, they got a point. What's the point, too? All of this stuff is all over with now. Everything runs its course. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello, yes sir. I wanted to try to clarify. So that proposed tax is a vote in my amine. It was like four bucks a day for every person that travels on a cruise ship. Right. Can't you just get a be for one year? No. What are I just for one year? Well, I thought they, they needed to come up with 320 million in the marlins. We're going to come up the rest. How much, when they proposed the tax is just forever? There's no, they've never seen the tax that was the, the disappearing. Well, no, but when they satisfy like on cruise passengers, it seems like they should be able to raise that money pretty quick. 320 million? I don't know. I would divide that four bucks a day. It's like 12 bucks. That's 80 million. We're divided by 12 now. Okay. 12 into one, 12 out of 320. Stay 360 because it's a 30 million. Okay. So how many are the passengers? It's going to take a few days. Yeah. That's going to take a week or two. So why would it like, you know, I'm a marlins staff, but I've all got out of my amine. Why would like, if I was a day count, he'd give a crap. What happened on tax proposed on cruise ships? Is it getting me a three stadium? Why not go for it? It doesn't involve me. Because if you have any brand in the living, they've counted you realize that there are a lot of other things going on that are more important. And we shouldn't be building any more stadiums for billionaires or millionaires or many more empty buildings. That's probably not. I agree with you there, but you'll be surprised. I don't know. I guess a lot of people, if you look at it that way, I didn't look at it that way. Just figure free stadium or I'll go for it. What does that mean free stadium? Well, nothing is for free. Who's going to maintain the stadium? Just like the or Mickey Arena. The mayor gives the same light as the public then. Oh, he's putting up the money to build a building. It's going to be free. And now the taxpayers of the county for the rest of the time are going to be settled with maintaining that building. You're just like they're settled with a 40 million. They lost on the old Miami arena. That's it. And they're now another. How many white elephants do we need? You know, you're 100% correct. I'm glad I don't live in the state count. God bless us. God bless you. Thank you. I like to live there for a couple of days. So I could vote 40,000 times. Yeah. All of us who are against the goddamn stadium, we're all moving the main county between now and November. How do you like that, John? And we're a little weasel, you little putts. I'll answer you. I'll be all moving there because we can't stand you. We can't stand greedy billionaires who keep trying to connect and share the public and come up with ways to use somebody's money. Some public tax money. No matter who's money it is. To pile a crap. I'll tell you one thing. I want to God damn. I want to build a restaurant. And I guarantee you be the better Nick Tahoe. It'll have the best God damn food, expensive food, cheap food. I want to build meals restaurant. There used to be a restaurant all in Robiber. I first hit came here called meals. Been gone a long time. It was a great place. Long gone. Like all the other good stuff gone. It's going to be sensational. And what I want to do is have a tax. And I want to do something. Something that you people will have to pay. Somebody else going to have a tax and build me my restaurant. Anybody going for that? No. No. That's what it's all about. Somebody build me a stadium. And the answer is, how creative it is. We don't care how much we dislike Mickey Harrison. We don't care how much of a schmuck Dave Hyde is. We don't care about these things. The answer is still no. Especially in a county where the biggest city is on the verge of bankruptcy. Where the kids don't have school books. A lot of them to take home to do their homework at night. Where kids can't get fed a decent lunch in the daytime. And have to take their lives in their hands and get in the car. And maybe get killed at lunchtime. All of these things. Not to mention a guy named Rhodes that we don't have that there. Just overclocked to the point where people are on the floor. They're brains out of each other. All the pressing things that are needed. The kind of sensible things that should be done. With tax money of any kind. Those all come first. John Henry, you're way, way down the list. You're down on the peckering order, okay? So if you think that because you got one schmuck there in the newspaper, suck it in. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Amen. You're right. And you know what? Not swarms with puss. If you look at a mirror, John, that's exactly what you are. You got 50 billion, a hundred billion dollars. Look at the mirror. You're still a pus. Is he a pus? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, New. Yes, sir. Let's stop by the call. You for the heavy beach. Hey, lunchtime, listening. And then big new. Oh, you know what? But yeah, great guy. And I go in anyway. But you married us in a business of mine. Big new. Yeah. I go and buddy. Oh, man. One of your people, George. One of yours. Hey, listen. Don't wear all that jewelry in public, man. It's dangerous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Not to mention heavy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, we didn't have that one lady. Got any more ladies? Oh, we got a lady in Kendall. I'd have grabbed her while it's still warm. Hello. Hello, New. How are you? Okay. So, I have a very tough track there that about came away from here. And putting this crap on nuret a bit. Nu, I lose down there in Nureanda. off and be a lot of a really fresh and usoon. Yeah. And. I know Andi called you on th l Oh, Ahm, wh the dolls. Yeah. And then it cut the ball rolling. The roof. Waldon sway dot Carl Dunno. I live down there in Nureanda. On that piece of kelp from Homested. Oh my god. What's up. I'm sorry go ahead. I'm rambling. I'm in court. I'm not going to the day of the day. You would be surprised. But yet does that I see the crazy people that I see. It isn't credible. And they, they've been broadcasting a license of the company. Yeah, I drove home from the airport last night. My flight came in at 10 30. I'm on a road at 10 40 last night. And I'm thinking to myself, what kind of crazy people in my out here on the, I mean, you think on a Sunday night and nearly 11 o'clock, you think it would be clear sailing, right? Wrong. Crazy people all over the road. I know, and, you know, these people come from foreign countries and they think because they just come here, they can get a license driving like they're all on acid. I have never seen that. You know, I'm not here for 20 minutes, you know, I'm into car, I'm on a road. I'm, I'm swearing and tearing out again. I know it's a good thing. I thought I came in here this morning to tell me in a better mood on this show. I'm telling you, just like that, because the banana republic, baby, and I'm on a trip. And I tell others, we can do a show every day and I am a woman and I do this every day. Well, you're the one. Thank God. Thank God for you sweetheart. And just, you know, I mean, I do. I don't care anyone think that. That's what I need to do. 98 degrees. I do. I do. I do. I do. I can. I'm there. Okay. I know what he said. Yeah, let's play 98 degrees. That's what I'm going to do every day. How's it going? They were playing a, Nick and Jessica song up there. Walking on Young Street, they're playing either the Back Street Boys or Nick and Jessica. Over, over and over again. Even though George hates that song like poison and I would agree with you. If for once we do agree, that song sucks. And he said Jessica sucks too is what he says, but I think that's wishful thinking on his part. No, I'm saying. Do you? You can stop for the virtual. That's what next year. All that'll be. Yeah. Everything. Okay. I'm not going to talk about him. He just gets me very, very agitated. 12 18 at 5 60 WQM. Here comes the greatest facts in the history of facts is so important and so significant and so skating that I even didn't play the bit I was going to play right there, which is pretty good, by the way. From Carolina Mountain Water in Riviera Beach, Neil, this is from Danny D. Do you know Danny D.? No. Neil, I'm hearing you're despair over the quality of the colors. Don't you know, full well that you are to blame for the current state of your show? Let me explain. Since you're returned to the airway from the Buddy buttocks travel gans that you have had zero interest in discussing anything of real importance. Don't get me wrong. I still check in usually on a daily basis. But you just don't entertain me the way you used to back in the old days. People have tried over the years to get you to discuss topics and you always said, no. But what you seem to miss with that nobody wanted you to talk about daily contrived topics, what we wanted was for you to use your brilliant mind to address topics that were important as software community, the election of a neo-Nazi governor or the witch hunt impeachment for instance. Your first year back, you talked almost entirely about one whammy, a show that no one in Palm Beach County could see, two Georgia's rays, three ice cream, all at hockey, meanwhile important news both local and national was occurring. With little or no interest in what's going on around you since we all know you're gone as soon as you're five of your contractors up, listeners and colors such as myself found someone or something else to listen to. Almost everyone with brains and that might have had something interesting to say, took your lead and left the building. Still love you. But what happened? Danny D. Isn't that interesting? On the one who doesn't talk about anything important. Like the editorial that I read on the newspaper from St. Catherine about America's obsession with guns, like the goddamn text that we helped the feet on transportation back in July. Then I talked about till I was blue in the face and the overwhelming majority of the public came out and voted, oh, get mayor Pingu Piccania. And like the six year old kid that shot the other kids and things that I talk about every single goddamn day on this radio show and you notice what I do. So basically what Danny D is saying is that all the stuff I did for years, whether it was, so if it wasn't talking about ice cream, it was Bokka burgers. And with the little pieces, piece of what are they called, a little big ol' by Bagelby. Yeah. Let's see if I do that. If we are 100%, I see I'm not going back to talking topics, what you pick and choose Danny D. In addition to which we know this radio program isn't primarily for the people in Palm Beach County. So whether the people up there could see when you're not, that's not relevant to anything. So here's a guy that calls in, gives me a lecture on a facts. Who's still, what does it say at the end? Still love you. But what happened? So he's found something else to do, but he still takes the time out of his busy day to facts me a lecture on a fact, Danny D from Carolina Mountain Water in Riviera Beach, which by the way of self-help, cone is listening. We sure could use some goddamn water cell. The tap is dry here. How do you like that? I just don't know, that are kind of the way I used to back in a good old days. Did we do topical talk on IOD? No. No. We had better colors than IOD, but with the show, did the things I talk about where they didn't call. They are now. No, it was always the same balance between some serious stuff, some my yuckin' it up, whatever the hell it is. That's the show, Danny D. And you know that. But that's for you sweetheart. Yeah, all I talked about was the whanmy TV show, George's Raise and Ice Cream. How do you like that? Yeah, and a little kid that caught and the tax and John Henry and a portrait in the pair of tricks. Oh, and hockey, that's right. I forgot. We talked about hockey too. Sorry. Sorry, Danny D. Neil is the one. That means, and you know something Danny D, it's always been like this. It's just a matter of degrees. Whether was serious topics back on W's News, whether was Wions, or remember when I turned up the newspaper on a year because they wouldn't talk about the guy named Ryads Civil Rehabing in the City of Miami. No, it's Neil that doesn't care about the important things. The audience, the intelligent people, they care. I mean, if you expect me to believe that, man, you must have gone better than saw to us. I got 24 years of very good memory of knowing that they don't care. Take a look at the ratings on television. Take a look at the crap that they do watch. Are the news shows number one? No, no. Who wants to be a millionaire? A billionaire, a trillionaire. And here's what all this money looks like. Here you go. Show me the money. Here it is. We're shown it to you. Neil made him that way. Remember that T-shirt we had? It's Neil's fault that. So here add some more stuff on air too. Danny D is right. It's my fault. We chased all the thinking people away. All we have left there are a bunch of mouth readers. That's all we got. Thanks for the advice Danny D. And by the way, call me 50 dollars. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hylia. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, this makes the second big game in a row that Robert Svella got us in the dying second. Yeah. I mean, what what more does it take to involve him need a mile and oligolash and some kind of trade before the deadline? Why does he ask this spokesman? I can't tell you. He was on a run Friday with a worst thing. He didn't they didn't ask him. I mean, this is getting desperate. I mean, need a mark. He's losing face off after faith. Yeah, well, yes, what pal ain't going to go anywhere. He's nobody wants him. 560, 750, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Out of town line 877, 75, 65, 6345. See, after I read that fact from Danny D, you would have thought that these lines would have exploded. When you would have thought that? Oh, yeah. Huh, come on. I would have thought would not. No. What's the response? See, and how dare Danny D write crap like that. Danny D, whoever that be. And look at this. I'm looking at it. Some old bag called up a green with it. Yeah, that was probably Sheila B. You know, Sheila B and Assel. Here's a mobile at home instead. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Hey, don't let that guy bother you too much. bothering me. You're probably that he's probably a Diaz. Danny Diaz. He's probably an idiot. So they got to blame somebody other but themselves. You know what I mean? Hey, what do you think about that? That you're going to have to put down a home to them? Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. I think I can help you understand why there's some schools out there. They don't have enough books for their students. I went to a public school in Miami because they feared what the kids were bringing in their book bags. They gave us one separate school and one set for home so that leaves a lot of kids out there with a lot of you know, a lot of less books. Well, isn't that great? Yeah, that was wonderful. They don't do their homework. Don't use their books and there's kids out there who actually want to learn and they don't get any And we went and this guy thinks we're going to build him a stadium. Well, if that's what people can't come into, they don't want to think for themselves. That's what's going to happen. Okay. Thank you, man. I have a great day. Look at your explosion on this phone since I read that's scathing that penetrating facts from Danny D and review our beach at Carolina, whatever it is. What is it? Carolina Mountain Water? Oh, I've heard about that stuff. Bye. Have you heard? Let me take off the ear. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T. This place is legally dead. You can smell it. Oh, God. Finished. Finito. And I'm going to say it again. You ought to kiss the ground for all those crazy old Cubans and for alien all that crap because if we wouldn't have had two or three months of that stuff, what else would we be doing here? Oh, man. Thanks. Thanks to all you crazy old Cubans. Okay. You may be irritating most of the time. But at least you keep it exciting. At least you get everybody whipped up to a frenzy. Get them out of their coma. Here's Holly. Would. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I just got one of this. Make a comment about John Henry. Yeah. First of all, it's life. In my opinion, I just think he's judgment stinks. He's cutting back the payroll every year. Yeah. How do you expect to for him to draw, you know, the team to draw fans? And I don't know. I just don't think he's, uh, I think his judgment stinks. I don't think he has brain cells are being destroyed. And he's a liar. He's a liar. He said that if the public wouldn't build a stadium that he would do it himself. And then he, he changes that story 20 different times. And now when they ask him about it, like his hearing aid is falling out, he can't, he can't answer the question. Well, like I said, is his judgment stinks. Yeah. And he made a bad business deal. And now he would like to public to bail him out of it. And five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, So obvious, so obvious. But what do I tell you about the John Henry people? Like him, a little put that on the years, echoing on the year? No. No. Here's the mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hello, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks for what? Went to my first panther's game. I'm from Michigan, Big white red one fan and I didn't I didn't I didn't know if I believed you about Peter We're out, but he's got to be the lazy skier I've ever seen and not not really great skier at that either and I guess I agree with you. Okay. All right, bye. Bye. 560 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T. He agreed with me by the way, George. He's a lazy skater. When you know those guys, they're lazy and chiffless and the we're a big shoes. Here's a mobile and forlater Dale. Hello. Mobile and forlater Dale. Going once. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. He's doing what you do when everybody loves you. We've been listening to you for years and we love that the hear from you. For Danny. You love the hear from me. What does that mean? Well, you know, we listen to every day. Why? Because you're entertaining. Make us laugh. And for Danny D. Carolina Mountain Water. Yes. The worst water on the market. I've even sold in public some Wednesdays. I hear it tastes like Schmitt. It's got tree bark in it. It's like, I don't know what it is. It's like my dog was barking at it. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. What are you sneezing about in there? Man, this guy's got allergy. I think it's allergy to the show today. Yeah. It's dust. We know whoever was in July. The weekend was using the tissue and just left them on the counter. Along with the open salt packages on the board. Whatever. Whoever was in here on a weekend, making a mess out of this place again. Gosh, freedom of the was in here apparently. Sitting in my chair. Josh Friedman was in here and you wonder why you're sneezing your allergy. You're back and up. Get the lights all all. Squared squared squared. Now he tells us. Now Tommy sticks his head in the drain. You notice how fast he took pull his head out of here too. Man. Josh Friedman was in here huh? I'm going to tell you that is you were right. I was wrong. He is an unbelievable, miserable asshole Josh Friedman. He is a tub of crap. Every ounce if he weighs 510 which I think he might be back up to this on his day. If he weighs 580 pounds he weighs 580 pounds full of smith. What a piece of turd. And why is he still here? He must be another one with naked pictures. But anyway, Bluff Lindsey tells me that Orlando Alzagiri says that the dolphin who's signing sermon Thomas tomorrow. Woo. Heavy duty. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. There they have to do. I saw Ben and Jerry last week in a live performance that was giving us a speech at the Florida Del Iberry and live performance. A live performance, live and impression. They're doing a speech at the Florida Del Iberry. You're well in for Nova. Nova College. Yeah. And I think they may be some hope. They give me a glimmer of hope for the rest of the world because there are two people that seem to have there. She met together. Yeah. And we've encouraged by that and I wanted to give you a voice. Well, my God, for Ben and Jerry, I love Ben and Jerry. And they gave out ice cream at the end. That's what he was. What's not to like? We were all happy. God, that's like. I would like to give a shout to my friend Evan Brown who's a Maricung who's a big and listen to every day. Okay. Why, why, though? Okay. Thank you. See you. I'm going to be a little bit of support. This is like the God damn election of our super to this is stupid Monday. Maristupid Tuesday. This is stupid Monday. As we continue lobbying for a little bit of support. We're going to get it out there from the people in radio land that Danny D says they're all gone. Because the intelligent people like him, if I'm something else to do, even though he's got time to fax me a whole goddamn letter, a song of the dance on his letterhead with a lecture about the God damn broadcasting business in this show. Yeah. How much you pulling down Danny D? Ah, Danny D? Don't be stressed. How much you put in the back every two weeks? You little pudwacker? Danny D. I wonder what the D stands for. Can it stand for dumb? That could be it. Dumb. Yeah. If you would talk about the important things like, ah, like what? What do you got Danny D? When they shot all the kids in Colorado, did we get any response on that? No. Does anybody give a crap about the important things in the last show? No. They don't care about important things or what you think are important things. Mr. Hot Shot. So you can sit around with all your pseudo intellectuals written at craft water or you Resup their in Palm Beach, which I hear a lot of interesting stuff. In fact, you know something since tomorrow is the last day of the quiet period. That might also be the last day of the quiet period about that too. I must say I want to send this some free water. Here's a month. A mobile and cross-praying fellow. You know, I agree with you. John Henry is full of Schmidt. Yeah. However, I would like to say something. Yeah. By the way, I'm pulling down $900.5,000. This year, bro. So this isn't something you ought to recall in here. How do you like that, Danny D? Here's a guy that's making a few bucks. I like it. Shut up, you need to get off the rag, buddy. This is there are other cities in the country with that government, bad roads. Yeah. There's a lot of workplaces to live in here and going on about it all the time is boring. There might be still listening. Click. There's a guy, what do you see? He's making 9,000 years, something like that. Oh, yeah. Going out about it. I asked him a very simple civilized question. And he hangs up the phone. He hangs up the phone. See, if I don't like a show, I tune it out. I don't send a guy a fax. I don't call off and give him a lecture about how boring it is. And about how wonderful it is every, you know, this place compared to every place else. I find something else to do. See, these people go on a discuss. They want to give me a lecture. Which, hey, prices right. Do you're dying, pal? Marlin Baseball in 17 minutes. It's been smelly. Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Great. You know, that Danny D. You just stand for Danny dog crap. Danny dog turd. Yeah. You know, you turn. If he's got that much time. I mean, obviously, the sky is going to problem. You know, just tune out. All these people that are calling. Like this, like it's something. Last guy who wants to impress me with all the big books that he's making. And the Adi Adi Adi. And how I should kiss my, how my blessings, I guess. Nobody gives a crap about him or anybody else. Not Danny D. Danny, get a wife, Danny. Danny, you're going to life with Danny with Danny. Danny, Danny, my. Exactly. Well, Danny, Danny, or something. Girl, man. You know, give us a f-ing break with Danny. I hate them then with Danny. Right. Enough already with that. And don't forget about Jimmy, too. And Jimmy, and off. And not all that crowd. Think of it Neil. Yeah. I'm had it. That's it. Okay. Feel better. Yeah. I feel good. Don't you change your goddamn thing. All right. Bye. Bye. God damn it. And Jimmy and Danny. And Jimmy and Danny. Yeah. Exactly. Just like she said, God damn it. Yeah. Everybody's an expert out there. Everybody's a program director. And you're bad, Danny. I'm used sucks. You were good five minutes ago. But now you suck at blah blah blah. Yeah. I do suck. Okay. Send pictures. No, and I take it back. Don't even waste your time. Twenty-one before one at five, sixty-one to QM. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Why would you have the Ken? Ken's been to his feet. I think they're right here across from the region. This year. I think there's no one knows how to go. What's on your diary? We're playing a role. Many of you missed everybody. They're playing a role. Everybody's been to the world. Many of you missed everybody. They're playing a role. They're the fastest finger in your unillight. You're a real great filmmaker. You're a great filmmaker. You're a great filmmaker. You're a great filmmaker. You're a great filmmaker. You're a big filmmaker. You're a big filmmaker. And you'll go all the way. You'll be the light-line of the friends that are actually on your journey. You'll be competing in my career on the business. You're a millionaire. You're a millionaire. You're a millionaire. You're a millionaire. You're a millionaire. You're a millionaire. You're a millionaire. 16 till one at five, 68, 160, 36 minutes away from Marlin. My god, the pressure is building. As you can see, and see it, you can smell it, you can feel it. My favorite, I even piece this thing back together again, is then a defect that I tore up. Because my favorite line about with little or no interest on what's going on around you, because we all know you'll be gone, as soon as you're five of your contractors up. Are you following this? This is what makes me bad. Two and a half years left. Two and a half years left, but because I'm gonna be leaving at the end of another two and a half years, that makes me now totally dissent with the nacing and it's going on, just like about John, Henry, try to suck money out of the taxpayers here. Some taxpayers, wherever it's gonna come from, because I'm gonna be leaving into only in this town. In spite of what that guy said, a couple of calls back with his lecture, the sooner or later let's make a nine bucks a year. In spite of what he had to say, the fact is only in this town, could somebody come up with something that convoluted? I'm the bad guy, don't you understand that? I'm evil, I'm anti-Christ, I don't know that. And I don't give a crap on what's going on, because I'm gonna be leaving into an half years. So why don't you write here? And why should anybody listen to a show when they know you're not gonna stay here forever? How about if I said I was gonna stay until I died on the air? Would that solve it, sir? No, Danny, you idiot. No, no, no. And by the way, about that water. Oh man, we just had a call off the air. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I knew. I think it's some free water, Danny. Yes, sir. I just had an idea, I don't know if logic works for Mr. Henry, but I have had baseball tickets for five years, I will not have them this year. I must be crazy, I must be nuts. And I live in the city of Miami. I don't think that we should have to give up our last piece of water from property, doing overcrowded area that you can't park at any place. They're already building a can about they can't park at the Mickey Arena down there for the basketball game. What do you mean they're going to park at the baseball? You can't even go to base side now on a day where the American Airlines is being utilized because it's 15 bucks now just to go to base side. So all those little watchki-offs, and 10ki-offs, and all that, they're going to go out of business. I don't know what's going on down there, but I have a logic thing. Yeah. FIU is getting a four, is it? What is it? Okay, he's gone, he just went and it's phone crap down. You can hear it. Here's Hollywood B, cello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. God damn, it's settled down, man. What did he go to go on? I mean, you know that everybody, everybody in the whole... You saw him. I don't know, I'm sorry, but I just heard you. Everybody in the whole city, I mean the whole South Florida area, you know, is, you know, God go over you. They know what you do. They know what you're going over me. Yeah, well, actually, yeah. Yeah, but like, people, yeah. I don't even know. I hear talking about you in conversations. Really? So, I mean, screw your station, screw your people. Well, sir, you just hit the jackpot, screw this station. You said it. Yeah. And, and... Oh, I don't know what tomorrow I'm going to do that. What? Tomorrow I'm going to do this tomorrow, four hours on a year. Yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah. That four hours on a year. I mean, I'll tell you what. I don't know, sir. It's unbelievable, isn't it? Is it amazing? Yes. It's just shocking. Even Gilkai Stella just stuck his head and he never saw Larry Bestle. Oh, believe me, the answer would be... No, not a bad guy, but no, Larry. I don't think so. 179 votes don't forget to go to thearodges.com. Our website, our daily poll. Do you listen to Marlin's baseball on WQA? And that's our poll question today. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. 179 votes as of just moment to go. Eric just facts me the latest total. 146 say, oh, they don't listen to Marlin's baseball. How do you like that? And only 33 say yes. 81 and a half percent say, oh, and only 18 less than 18 and a half percent. Yes. That means that any second of people are going to be reaching for the dollar. They're going to be twisting it and you can't get it and turning it. Are you going to be turning it? Hello. North Miami Beach. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's an honor to talk to you. Are you going to be listening to Marlin's game? Well, I'll tell you what. I lived here for 20 years and moved to Scottsdale, Arizona, six months ago. I'm back for one day to say a lot of mommy and daddy. I'm playing to Rome tonight on Alitalia. Great. And I want to restore reservation, sir. A restaurant, a recommendation. A restaurant recommendation? Yes. What does that mean? In Rome? In Rome. Yes. Great. Any trotterry? All the trotterryers. They're each one is better than the next. Any pickle location or just go anywhere. Anywhere you want. Just go away from the Vatican. No, kid, yeah. All right. Thanks a lot, Neil. Okay. Have a great time. Mind your mind, sir. So anyway, look at that. That's just about time here today. Because we got a Marlin game. And you know something that's just as well. Don't you think it just as well? Oh, yeah, today. Today. Based on this. Even though it's my fault, I want to say I want to come clean right now. I'm bad. The show sucks. I'm bad. I'm a moron. I was good Friday. Good Friday. Okay. So they're not open. Good Friday. Ask Wednesday. Socus. Whatever. But today. All I can say is. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. And that would be bad if we played that right up to Marlin's baseball. You know what I'm saying? No, no, seriously. That would be really bad if we played that kind of a guy named Marlin game. Because then he might get a lot of set with us. That whatever the hell his name is. This is fine. I'm my Emmy Fort Lauderdale. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.