This is Sports Radio 560 QA L-O-A Sports Radio 560. The other G2AM might have me for Lauderdale, Perzets, the Neil M. The Neil called 567-0560. The whole free for David Broward, or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil and his guest's callers are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of the G2AM. The P-Z-We-We-Decquisitions, or the P-Z-Ruddale. No, no. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA L. Well, all right! Sports, both. And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. It comes soon from the people who brought you boxes who want the Mary a multi-millionaire come to the other side of the spectrum. It's who wants the Mary a crack at. Trash had number one. If I were a lollipop, what would you do to me? Well, first, I like to make sure you're pure. Then I crush you up, grab me into pipes, and spoke you. Ah, ah. Crack at number two. If I was like, oh, please, let me smoke you. I need a baby. Come on. That who wants the Mary a crack at? Coming soon on far. But I'll smoke a box. Come on. Let me smoke it. 10, 11, 560 WQM happy Tuesday too. Boy, that pole yesterday. She got a lot of results on the internet on theorages.com. We had 472 votes. Our question yesterday was, do you listen to Marlins baseball on WQM? And of course yesterday was a good day to have that pole because yesterday was our first Marlins exhibition game. Woo! Yeah, it was in the car going to the track yesterday afternoon. I heard Hank toward the end of the show. Same boy. I sure liked the short show is after the Marlins game. And you know what? We love him. Let's have a Marlin game. Now let's go. Shoot up boy. Get those jack straps on and let's look at Joe and Dave dust him off a little bit. I'm going to have an opposite end to the broadcast booth there. And let's play ball, baby. Let's play five like Rony Banks would say. Anyway, here's the results of yesterday's pole. Yes. We do listen to Marlins baseball. 76, a Paul P.16.1%. Oh, I'm looking too good. You know what I'm saying? Especially if you're playing on a book in the public for a stadium. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. No. No. What is it? Oh, oh. 396. 83.8% said absolutely. No. No. 84% of the people listening to this show do not listen. And this wasn't in regard to an exhibition game. This was just generally speaking. Do you listen to Marlins baseball on QA? I mean, the answer is sounding like he was. No. What do you like that? I must be nuts. 84%. Now, we already took the pole a couple of weeks ago about the sexuality of the overwhelming majority. We're heterosexual. Viral males would ever still afraid train. And some of you even have a wife or a beard or something like that. So what is in the case that we got a bunch of limpers that fags out there who just don't like sports. The fact is that most of the people in this audience do not listen to Marlins baseball. So that was pretty interesting. Our pole question today by the way, we'll have to do with somebody listening to in the morning, but we'll get to that in a minute or two. What? That's going to be a great pole. I think it's going to be very revealing. We can start, you know, the first few weeks we're doing these pole questions. We learn a little bit more about the demographic of the 200 people we have left in the audience. Well, at least it's 600 anyway. So I come in this morning and Greg Reed sticks his head in the door and goes, Ehh! I felt it must be Greg. I heard that sound again. This is this, I don't know whether it's amusing, whether it's sad, whether it's pathetic. I guess it's kind of a combination of all of you above. He had a call from corporate, meaning the one of Beesley's over in April yesterday. And I guess over there, somebody must have heard me say that the quiet period was over today, which you did now officially over. Is it over? Yeah. Quiet periods over. We don't have to be so quiet anymore about that Beesley stock. Bebegee, I is the symbol, by the way. Bebegee. Yeah. And they're a little bit nervous that I might say something to the detriment of that stock. And so they asked Greg to intervene, come in here and ask me, could I go a little easy on the, and I said, Of course not. I said if these people treated me well, if I gave you a phone system that worked a little bit of promotion, lived up to all the promises that were made three years ago, I'd have no problem. See, some people in the audience think that I revel in ripping the management and talking about what a bunch of assholes there. Quite all contrar. When I worked for Dick Casper, a W. News did I have a ripped a Casper on a year? Oh, talk about him, I'll incompetent the management. Oh, because it was good management, we were having a great time. And they treated us like human beings. Give us the stuff to work with. Give us the tool, so to speak. And what's life without a tool is what I always say. But the fact is that when you work for people who are pathological liars, and who can make promises that they refuse to live up to, and expect you to make magic for them with a bunch of crap because they're cheap, because the check is always in the mail. People who don't pay their bills, people who string people long. How many times has managed come on a year? Yeah. And Billy ached about the fact that he hasn't been paid by these people for two, three months at a time. Oh, and by the way, Danny, D, the asshole up there. What was it again? The fountain water I think of in Palm Beach was that the name of his company, Caroline, a mountain water. I'm driving home yesterday, and it dawned on me that that was like almost verbating word for word. A similar fact. So I guess he is, a lot of the people, the chronic faxies out there, they must have a form fax, that they may be changed two or three words out of it, and then they keep pumping the same thing to their over and over again. Topics went out with high button shoes, Danny D. Topics went out with W.J. and, oh, okay, sweetheart. Yeah, they're history. Did we do topics at IOD? No, when I was a lot more entertaining. No, no. But thanks for continuing to listen even though you're denied in your facts, did you found more interesting things and better things to do when actually found a live Danny D? Have a nice day sweetheart, because I know you're listening right now. Don't we all know he's listening right now? Uh-huh. Well, before I get back to the, uh, these leaves in this stock. And a lot of people are seeing Greg also points out. A lot of people in this building bought the stock. Did I buy it? No. Did Robert Greeper buy anything? No. Mark Eisenberg buy anything to stock? No. That's for. For of us who didn't buy one single share of Beasley stock. When we were made the offer, we said very politely. No. No thanks. Very politely and quietly. No thanks. We don't want it. Not with our hard earned cash. Somebody else. And I said to Greg, like, you know, there's an old saying a sucker's born every minute. Just like our good close personal friend, Joe Costello, who was in here yesterday saying, Oh, it's up to 13. It's almost a 14. And as soon as it gets to 14, I'm going to sell it. And I said, eh. Okay. As of this morning, it was 13 and 3.16. Is what I closed that yesterday. Now, keep in mind the initial public offering price that these people were given a great opportunity to buy the stock was 15 and a half bucks a share. It immediately started in those days. I'm like, most of the I peos, the majority of them go up. The many them very substantially. This one go up. No, it went down. We got you down. So I could talk about that today or not, as the case may be. And you know what I have a thing that probably will. And I told Greg, and I'll tell the bees leaves the same thing right here on here. I'm very, I'm just, I'm astonished that they, that they give me that much credit of having the power. Here's a stock that if you're in Tokyo right now, you can buy it. It's on the Nasdaq. You can buy it if you're in Anchor with your last, no matter where you are in the world, even on your Reynis, you could buy this stock. And they think that I've got the power. I had the cloud. Yeah, just like Charles Atlas. I'm such a macho guy that I got the cloud to drive the price of the stock on their worried about that. And see the interesting thing is if I do say something on the air today and it does by chance go down, even though this morning it looked like the market generally than as that, especially was going way back up. I'm almost as powerful as that damn big, those prick Alan Greenspan, who opened up his mouth again yesterday and right away, they went to market in the crapper again. I'm almost as powerful as him. Not quite as big of a nose. So we'll see. But it's good because now if it goes down and say, oh, I said, God, they're in the arraggers. He's the one that's talking people out of buying our stock. Rams would sluck. Interesting how things rhyme, you know it. Like I was thinking last night on the way home from the track, it decay rhymes with GA. No, I'm not sure if it's amazing how things in life all kind of like, uh, tie in together. You know what I'm talking about? 9 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQN. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced. No, never know. Press written permission of WQA and B3s as position court. Real Rogers is my lover. Now into you there. This guy's a legend. I don't know how he does it. The only thing he needs to do is someone with a very special talent. I already can fuck the sea out of a piece without even biting. Do you need a tulip? Yeah, talk about a cunning rung. Bruce Willis, stars in the whole 69 yards. Summ of the tulip. Summ of the tulip. How did you make all those other gross so happy? It's Dr. Women. I've made happy before. It's the woman I'm about to make happy. Oh, it's Jimmy the tulips. In the whole 69 yards. I'll film you. You'll be seeing in dark CB theaters sometimes soon. Excellent. Can't wait. It's 10 14 at 5.60 WQN. By the way, can we do a phone check before we continue? 5.6. Just call up and let's make sure the phone is working. We should be doing this every day on the air. Oh, you're rebooting now. Shame on you. 5.670560. Pound 5.6. On the AT&T line. Out of town line 8777756.345. Just to dial in and let's see if any of the lines are working this morning. Because Greg is here. Don't answer him. WQN. Hey, they'll phone check. Thank you. Oh, now what is that? That was fine. Oh, I did that. Damn it. QAM. Foul drink. QAM. QAM. WQN. Yeah, phone check. Thanks. WQN. Did you say check? Now, what is my check? What kind of response is that? Hey, line 4 worked. Line 4 did work, but I don't see anything after 7. You know what I'm saying? I'm not going to stand that. There's something with this. Don't get a date line. I figured you're pardon? What do you mean by that? 5.6708 of the date line? 5.6708. Who do we appreciate? Not date, I guess. Don't tell me to something wrong with line 7. Foul check. Hello. Good work. Thanks. You know, who's working? When we call? For the least? Yeah. That's on Dean. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm going to talk about it. Okay, get out of here with that super phone check. Now, I just wanted to see if they're working. We should do that to begin to show everything. Instead of going to that aggravating thing, because then if they don't work, then we can just go home right off the bat. Okay, stop on the phone check. Bye-bye. I mean, Greg Reed comes in here this morning. I wish I could have had a goddamn secret cassette record. Somewhere. The most unbelievably in-in conversation. Two and a half years of frustration. Even if you're not going to give us any promotion, anything for us. Give me a phone system that works to do a talk show for you. That's all. Is that a lot to ask? No. He's like, ah, ah, ah. And even Bluff Lindsey standing here. I haven't a hard time keeping a straight post. Stand up behind Greg's back. You know, I was a little bit nervous about what that meant. But anyway. Okay. We'll get back to the beastly. He's going to get back to the phone system. This guy brings up an important thing. Yesterday, people wanted to talk hockey with the rating to talk about, No. Today's the big hockey day. It's the game of the season. Panthers at Washington night. Any interest? No. Talking around the building. I'll tell you. Optimism is not too great. Optimism is not great for that game tonight. You never know. Maybe they'll pop up and surprise us tonight. Maybe they'll be like earlier in the season. The pop up and win the big game because this is for, I mean, Can you imagine after having a 14 point lead in the division just a few weeks ago? Being on the verge of going dropping into second place for the division tonight? Can you imagine that? No. Kind of hard to believe. But it's true. Desperate game. And there are people. I know who thinks that I'm very superstitious and very childish. And the fact is that on television, I will not watch the Toronto Maple Exploage play. I got my tape recorder going. I won't watch the stress level. My blood pressure goes up and person I have no problem. I love it. But on television, I just get the VCR going. And I'll peek in every now and then because when I turn it on, The other team scores. True story. I go to bed last night. The Leafs are head to nothing. It's on a West Coast. They're playing out of Vancouver. And of course, I can't fall asleep till after the game is over. So I get up. I run and living with my turn on the set. It's a 4 to 1 Toronto. All right. I don't think it okay. It's in the back. I get up again. I run and early in the third period. It's 5 to 1 Toronto. 15 minutes to go in a game. I'm saying, alright. No problem. I'm counting the 2 points in the standies. Medley. Now I get up a little later. I figured the game is over. Where's the game over? Wrong. It's 5-3 Toronto. I'll have minutes left. After you're okay, I'll sit here and watch the last couple minutes. Just to make sure that it's not my VCR. Now Vancouver scores a short hand and goal. It's 5 to 4. Now Vancouver scores another goal because the Leaf defense just took to rest of the game up. It's 5 to 5. They're going overtime. I'm thinking of myself, why did I get up and come back in here? How can you blow a 5-1 lead in the last and the third period? So I go back into the bedroom. I lay down and bed. After you're okay, I'm counting in my mind. One minute, two minutes. It's got to be over. I go back in. I turn on a set and the game is over. You can't read it. I can't read it. I can't read it. Bring on the oxygen. Promise. The line. His shot is the flex and wide of the goal. I don't think we've had a whistle. Have we? No. Mark Bob has done me. Promise in the last and well. But he's still with a 5 to 4. Baby, promise. Hey, six to death. Can we get a 6 to 5? It's days up for all over again. Both coaches are throwing up at this act of defensive play. And Thomas gets the stick on a shot that looks like the white be going in anyway by Matt Sundine and the leaves after giving up a 5-1 lead. When the game at over time with a minute, 47 seconds left. Oh, there you go. Never were done. 10, 19, at 5, 60, WC, 2, AM. And of course, so we had some misinformation yesterday. I apologize, but don't blame me. ESPN had it wrong. Ray, Bork, was ready yesterday, but was into the Philadelphia flyer? No, no. Nice going ESPN. That's why I got that from. And it's good news for everybody who's got an Eastern conference team that they like. They went to Colorado. Philadelphia got enough guys already. Okay. Everybody there gets ready to go to Philadelphia, New York. We're sick and tired of it. So what to Colorado in the Western conference? Or we can get that old man out of our face along with Google Dave Andrew Chuck. Bye bye, Ray. We'll see ya. So anyway, getting back to that Beesley stock. I'm sorry. Great article by Sherry Winston. Thanks, good luck to you. I showed you about once a year. She writes to these in common. Makes sense. All before I get in that. I got to tell you this right now. Seriously. If there's anybody who thinks that it's me. Like some of the assholes that we're calling this show yesterday. Oh, it's you, Neil. Yes, me. You talk about neurotic. I picked up the page D, which is the inside of the sports section. They heard a front page. And I showed it to George. Mr. Anti Sports. And he peed in this pants. He had to go change his underwear. Sting or going? And here's Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. The dolphins and Vikings. The Vikings and all the. And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. I mean, it's just never dies. This town suffers from Danny disease. If you just never ends. I have a feeling that six years from a circus you could come back here. You could leave now and come back in six years. And there'll still be debating the same thing. Should he stay? Should he go? Should he leave? Should he take a crap? Should he steal a freight train? What's the story here, Danny? And all morning long. I guess from what I've been told. Even though I don't listen, but all morning long. I'm hearing that. That's what they were talking about again. And Danny became in stuck his head in the door and said, hey, don't be in our parade. So we got to talk about. Got the biggest game in the year for the Panthers tonight. Of course, there is no hockey talk on these shows in this. You know, on this station. Biggest game in the year. They're on the verge of getting bumped out of first place in the division. And what are they talking about? Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. Should he stay? Should he go in Dave? How I'm going to tell you Dave? You really are. You're just he's an asshole. God. He keeps writing the same column every day now. This is after the colony wrote yesterday, which is the way of sucking up the John Henry. And he's a little kind of a little foreplay for warning us that he's going to be signing on for that. That cruise ship tax to build John Henry or stadium. Shaddy way to treat marina. So this is the 825th and a 50,000 part series by Dave Hyde about how crappy they're treating Danny boy and the organization and they're a bunch of liars. And listen, Eddie Jones said this. Eddie Jones said a yada yada. See, there are two words that could solve that whole dilemma. I retire. There you go, Danny. Just say I retire. I've come to my senses. I'm not playing in Minnesota. I'm not coming back here with they don't want me in a first place. I retire. Then you wouldn't have to worry about how he was beaten treated by the dolphin by this one. By that one, he's got nothing left to prove. He's got more money than God. And this town can't let him go. The same people every time he farted, it was the wrong flavor the last couple of years. And every time that something bad happened, it was his fault. Now they can't let him go. So please don't tell me it's me. There's something in the water here, there's something in the year. And did anybody see the thing on channel 10 Friday night because I was out of town? We were running those spots all day and they were promoting that thing with the Castro deal. Now for years, you've heard me refer to the woodpecker. And a lot of people probably are all at the end of that. One of those jokes Neil made up not a joke. The woodpecker is like a gigantic transmitter that has been rumored. I mean, I don't know if they actually know that exist. Do we know if it exists? No. But supposedly, said, I was got this enormous transmitter down there. This gigantic tower that puts out these maddening high frequency towns. Whenever he saw a tone being right directly itself, for every time he cranks it up. And every time he cranks it up to a certain level, you just roll down your window and you hear, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. All over town. So maybe that's part of it. Maybe that's why what goes on here is so bizarre and inexplicable. Maybe that's why people are driving all over the road like they don't know what the outside is up. I mean, the fact that they're all stone out of their mind, that might have something to do with it too. But maybe that's just the frosting on the cake. I think it's the woodpecker. It's what the problem is. It's got to be. Because these people with a straight face, this is got to be the 50,000 article I read with the same headline and the same thing. Shaddy way to treat marino. This is going on for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks. God, get our frickin' life. And like I said, you got the biggest hockey game of the season for the panties in Washington, I do or die, at least for the moment. And they're writing about Danny again, the same old terminal tired craft. And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, that's all they know from. Like a one-note Charlie this time. Anyway, Sherry Winston writes. $400 million buys a lot of green eggs in hand, but I'll pass you. She says, nice going there, Sherry. Please leave rights, bosocolums. She's not too bright. Sherry Winston, but nevertheless, I'm not going to read the whole thing. She talks about all the better uses that we would have if we're going to text the cruise ship people. Just like what I said, I think Sherry got this column from this show again. Huh? Could be. She says, I can't get beyond the tattered shattered state of public education in Limey, Did County and throughout South Florida. These schools, F schools, portables, two-few teachers, campuses that resemble minimum security jails. The future should be about better education. And if you can't get behind that, heck, I would rather see a cruise tax that had a better police training or road planning. Goodness knows they could use helping those areas too. So Sherry Winston. But baseball? Perhaps silver and Henry, this is a Ron Silver and John Henry. Perhaps they've been eating green eggs in hand. Perhaps they believe that can create an appetite for the improbable. Well, if that's the case, let me say this. Winston, the Marlins tax I will not pay. I do not want to pay to watch them play. I do not care if the Plan gets scrapped. I do not care if salaries were caps. I should not pay more tax to sale. Not for baseball, let them fail. When school still struggle, the parents dare build a steady mid that fair. Let owners pay for their new home. New place to stay new fancy dome. But voter stand and say, no way. The Marlins tax. This Marlins tax we must not pay. Nice going, Sherry Winston. I think like a column issue. How are you going to go to the house? All right. You see John Henry, no matter how you try to package it, no matter how you try to frame it, no matter who you try to pay to the adversary. The fact is the public says, I must be crazy. I must be not. The answer is still no. No. 472 votes on our internet website yesterday. Do you listen to Marlins baseball on WQAM? 396. No. 76. 84% said, absolutely. No. There is no interest. Don't you understand? There is no interest. And just like Sherry Winston says, just like I've been saying, we got this pressing need for all of these other things. All of these things. And here's this little boring twerp of a man who comes along and says, oh, yeah, wow, I got a real creative way. If it didn't go work this way and work some other way, it keeps keeps throwing up these trowbelloons and they keep like us fussing before they even get off the ground. Ain't going to happen sweetheart. If I was John Henry, I'd be on a phone right now with people in Washington, D.C. with businessmen and Poccipsy and Batavia, anywhere. Want to buy a baseball team? We'll pack him a sandwich. If I still want you, but don't let the door hit you in the S.N. away. That's the clubhouse door. See ya. No interest. 26 after 10 at 5. 50 WQM. We got your scores right here. Yes. Sports radio 5. 60. 8. 1. A lot of pop little boy. The artist. The music that shaped our lives. Welcome to where are they now? 20 25. His name is Ricky Martin. And 25 years ago, he was a phenomenal. He's his projective back then. His career would only get hotter. They were right. Ricky Martin. Where are you now? Would you like another towel? So you're seeing that, sir? I won't be necessary. Ricky, just keep your eye on the thermometer for me. 1031 at 560 WQM. So when we get back to this, a beastly stock, baby GI and beastly broadcast. Which I noticed that neither one of our newspapers has discovered that the local stock yet. Oh, maybe they just don't want to dignify it by listening it with the 842,000 other local stocks they have listed in their local stocks section every day. So at any rate, the people over there in April, I guess, are a little bit nervous that now that the quiet period is over and they can't keep some of us quiet anymore. That I might come on here and say something that might because the stock to go down. First of all, that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard in my life. There is absolutely no way in the world that I got the power. I can't even get the guy that people in the audience to call the show. I got the power that I'm going to cause people to invest or not invest or sell their stock. Just because it's a piece of crap. Just because this company is basically operated like a bunch of flybines, bluesies. Because we have pathological liars involved in the management of this radio station. Would that make the thing go down? Oh, I don't think so. I mean, we could call my good friend Ted David up there at CNBC and say, oh, you know, that BBGI, beastly broadcast and we could say it's a piece of turrets and maybe that might do it. But I doubt it. See, if people believe in this company, more power to them, just like the people who work here, that were sold a bill of goods and a lot of them are too happy about it. And then I pissed off at me. They pissed off that they were sold a bill of goods that they were buying in at 15. And a half, and this thing was going to be 30, 35, 40 before you know it. They were going to like make thousands of dollars overnight. Did that happen? No, it's likely it's never going to happen. No. And of course, I really have very little sympathy for most of those people because if you work for a company, you have some idea of what kind of business people they are. Now, how could you work here more than five minutes? You're not the aware of the way this company operates. In fact, you don't even have to be your five minutes. All you have to do is walk in off the elevator on the third floor. Take a look up at the ceiling with the wires and shoots still hanging around. And then walk through that hallway toward where we're sitting right now. And look at the schmutzunowals and the wires still hanging loose and say, well, how long has this been to a construction project been going on? And your tour guide would say, well, what year is it now? Since before Jesus was a baby, and you'd say, gee, I wonder why that is. I wonder what that's all about. And it's interesting that in the initial offering, and I have the information here from the internet back on February 11th, the measly people said that would use the net proceeds from this offering to reduce borrowings from its credit facility and repay debts, some of which is owed to members of the measly family around the company. Now, what does that really mean? Does that mean that they're trying to use this money to climb the crawler ass out of debt? That's what it sounds like to me. And of course, we see the way that this crappy old phone system that's been sitting here for two and a half years that you hear me bitch about every guy at the end day, and you hear all those funky sounds that come out of it all the time, because it's a piece of crap. It would have taken some investment on their partners, it turns out the thing is still in the mail, by the way, it's still on the way. It's a 45 this morning. As of what Gregory told us this morning, he said, the fact that the check, the phone systems in the mail too. Chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, to the point of obsessively chief, to the point of giving you as little as humanly possible to try to force you to fake your way through, just like that building that they used to work with over there in Sheridan Street. As heck, used to be for you to with the rat and festered bug and festered. What kind of slums expect people to come to work for them in that kind of environment? What kind of scumbags, what kind of a low-lives expect to provide that kind of facility and have you show up every day? You only problem is they did it because they could because they could get away with it. And especially, you see, this is what's happened to our grown-sweight industry. Now, companies get away with whatever they want to get away with because there's only like just companies left. And in this market, there's basically three. You got beesley, you got clear channel, and you got cocks. And I mean, you got some others, but generally speaking, those three ought to be shooters at my own, the largest number station. And above and beyond that, it doesn't make a bit of difference. So what choices have you got? If you're the talent, where else are you going to go? Is there anywhere to go? No. No. If you're a listener, I mean, if you're not listening to some crappy station on my clear channel, the odds are maybe you'll be listening to some other crappy station they got. Or whatever, whichever one of the three companies it might be. The FCC is basically destroyed the broadcast businesses we want to know it. For the listener, for the talent, for everybody except for the greedy owners. Just like the thing that they about clear channel buying that, whatever the hell that the internet company was for, billion dollars, for billion dollars. And can you imagine if you're working for that company, you put in a long years of hard work for them, or whoever used to own the station before you were sold of them. And you work for peanuts, you work for crap, and they're always crying and moaning, oh gee, well, it's not in a budget, and we can't do this. That's why they call them cheap channel, by the way, the people who know that company best. And then you read, oh, four billion dollars purchased by clear channel and the stock is up to 72 and above, whatever the hell it is. See, that that's all everything is about anymore. That's all it's about. This how much we can make the stockholders, how much he enduced the stock up, and how a small handful of very selfish greedy people, how much more can they make? But the Dan Reno thing, how much more does he need? How much more does Wayne High Pington need? How much more does John Henry need? How much more does Mickey Harrison need? I mean, I'm making very good money, but how about you slipper's up there that works your asses off at art, making squat, George? Maybe, maybe how about leave a little piece of the pie for some of those people, huh? Leave a little something for them. Oh, no, of course not. That's why those those shows who wants to be a millionaire, who wants to marry a millionaire, who wants to suck a millionaire, who wants to stay, what a millionaire, who wants to let a millionaire is asked? Because that's all it's about anymore. Millions and billions and trillions. It's just like the live, you know, a forget about studying and getting a brain, you're going to be in the NBA. It's the same thing. You're going to be a millionaire. Are you going to be a millionaire? Probably not. Probably not. I think you can sit there by the phone from now until the end of time, and you're going to be a millionaire. And we just won't be on a phone inviting on a stupid show. I don't think it's going to happen for most of you's. And Greg says, well, you know, maybe a little good natured kidding. I said, what's good nature about it? When people are cheap when they treat you like crap when you have to have your lawyer threatened to take them to court, just to just to have them live up to your contractual agreements and provide you with the equipment you need to do already, and you want to go to the radio show. What kind of good nature is there involved in this? It's not a joke, Greg, and he says, George had to walk out of the, he's in the other room over there. He had to walk out in a hallway because he couldn't stand sitting there looking at that stupid expression on this man's face. Call defending the indefensible, is he having any defense for this? No. I kept saying to the man over and over again, two and a half years of this. It's not good science. This isn't some major expenditure of millions of dollars. It's called providing me with a phone system that works. That's all. Give me some equipment that works. Come over here, gave you all the big ratings making you millions of dollars doing everything in my power that I could possibly do. Being the great guy that I am. All I ask in return is give me something that works. Give me a phone system that works. Give me some equipment. Give me anything. That works. I will give it to you. That's a response to the mail. It's on the way from San Jose. Coming any day. Just like Peter Norris scored score. Coming any day. And so if I were to get on the ear and say that if I were you people out there I wouldn't touch the beastly stock with somebody else's fingers. And certainly not with somebody else's money. Would I be wrong and say that? No. That's my opinion. Did I buy any? No. Would I buy any? Any price? No. No. Because that's my opinion. This company. Oh yeah. They do pay me. But they pay me only because they had to pay me to keep me coming back. Three said. And if you're that stupid over there in Naples. If you're really that dumb that you still don't get it. And I can say to you is just exactly what Greg said here this morning. Exactly. Which I think you can relate to that. You can understand that language. Where's a bomb? Or it's radio. 5.60. You A.M. Come on in. I'm going to go. Good morning. Good morning. My name is Al Gore. And I'm one of the men that's running so the office of the president. Now I was in second grade believe it or not once myself. Now who knows what a president is. Yes. You know what a simple is? I'm sorry. Do I know what a fit? Well, a president is someone who's sort of in charge of running the country. Who knows what a country is. Yes. Oh. Well, a country is not another thick doll. A country actually is like a large area of land. And I'm going to take all you kids and put them through a giant school bus and take you all on the prosperity super high. Who knows what prosperity might be. Yeah. You know kids. There's the same color. The answer is that. And you know what that is. Don't you. And 45 to put Tuesday by the way, how can we forget about that? Didn't you forget about that? That was stupid Tuesday. I sure did provide an hour to because well, I was listening to Greg Roland. Yeah. Over and over again and here for half hour this morning. I was so underwhelmed by his performance by his repeating the same I had got a monotone thing. It's over and over again. We've kind of pathetic tragic Greg week performance. You want to buy the measly stock? Go ahead. Be my guest. Okay. There's an old expression for warrant is for arm. That's all I can tell you. If you want to buy the stock, go ahead. They can use the money. The people around here are some good people. I desperately hope that it get their money back. If they got anywhere near $15 a share, they would sell so fast to make your God damn eyes pop out of your sockets. Okay. So go ahead and buy some stock or not. As the case may be, I'm just trying to give you an advance warning. This is people are really the best. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile traffic report in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. I got on 995 going north at Sheridan Street and it was almost stopped. Sam passed 595. Oh. All the way down there. Wow. Something bad going on. Who knows. Okay. Another day in South Florida. Thanks for the warning. Bye. Bye. We got a little morning for us. They got their roads to off I 95. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line 877. 785. 6345. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Where are you? What are you some kind of fruit cake or something? Yeah. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. I couldn't call yesterday, but I heard you talk about the day five to call. These guys are out of their mind. So you really think that this is going to have one I heard of impact on Mickey Harrison. Yeah. The $4 is coming from people. We're going to take cruises. Right. Right. You're going to get $4. You're going to make $200 million and whatever you're going to make. You're going to just something important. Right. Exactly. That's the issue is if we do agree to you know, and poor is more, more, more taxes. Where does the money go? What do we use this for? What do we have to do? We have to do this for a couple of days. And we have to do this for a couple of days. And it's not a question whether we like Mickey Harrison or does he pay any taxes. We all know the answers to that. But what are we going to use the money for? Absolutely. More importantly, you know, you're a piece of the nothing. We should give money to any of these guys for anything. Right. They buy things. They know what the answer is. I mean, I made a comment yesterday. I'll say it again today in case you missed it. As much of a hockey fan as I am and a path is not that good stuff. We don't we didn't do hockey team in this time. If they were able to said no on building that or we didn't even know what if they would have said no on a team with a move someplace else. Life would have gone on. This isn't a hockey town. This isn't a score town. We got already a whole bunch of buildings that are mostly happening all the time. And the worst thing is these guys buy things. They know what the upside and downside is. And then they convince them from politicians to do whatever they want. They don't have to worry. They're not making business decisions. They're just making money decisions. Figuring that they're going to get bailed out because they give somebody free tickets. And these people, you know, nothing matters to these to these people. And by the way, the hockey game tonight is important. But you know, watching it when the president night, I'll just go lose the first shot and play off. Well, you see the problem is that the nobody cares about this. Yet that I had 55,000 hockey calls in a name stuff that had nothing to do with anything. And now we got the biggest game that he coming up tonight. And what's everybody all whipped up? Oh, Danny is Danny Stan as he leave and as he come and as he go and as he got diarrhea. I mean, this is just it's like an illness. It really is. I moved. I moved down here in 72 and I learned to hate the dolphins because I'm from June to September or whatever. Only here about his dolphins. But what do you mean June? I mean, this is the last time I checked it's the seventh of March. I don't know the one I'm saying is even when it's not football. You're no way here about it's football. Not an else. Remember, those days there's no basketball, no hockey, no baseball, no baseball. Yeah. And now we have all the other things. And that's still all you heard about. That's all they know. Have a great day. Yeah. seventh of March. Danny. Oh, Danny, you can't leave and you're treating yourself bad. And you don't want to go play up there in that guy. They're in fridge and north even though it's in indoor and closed stadium. And you got to yati. On one call on a board baby, it's going to be just like yesterday all over again. These are all over again. The only difference is going to be my reaction. Yeah. That was bad in my part yesterday. Let these assholes change my life. Not going to happen ever again. Wanna play the game. Fine. If not five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Open line on the World Famous line 877 785 6345. Here's a mobile in Miami Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Danny, I'll worry for a second. On time. All right. Big report. My name is Frank corner of the new road at Roya Panciana. Make sure you yeah. Make sure you stop count to three then turn right. Okay. You're even giving you little key change. The full stop. The rolling stop police. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a chicken. I like they put like a little note on the side. Yeah. It's a stop red light running week for their out to get you great. Okay. Thanks. Good news. Thanks. I'll sleep better tonight. 5 670 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. What do you think of the president's rate? Yeah. Meaning what? What do you think of going on? I think I've been coming to knock out. Do I think he's going to knock out? Go out of the rate. Today is the end. Today is his affinity to his farewell. And what do you think of the cane in Washington? What do I think of them? Today you think they're over. That's what I think of both put together. You don't like the cane? Why would I like the cane? What do you like about him? I think he's in tech. I think he's an honorable guy served as country. He served as a worker. Let me ask you how about all the other millions of people of serve their country and the military. Should they be president? No. But if you're honorable. Their honorable this man has got a 17 year voting record in the Senate of right wing votes on every issue. You can think of him. I'm gun control to abortion and everything down the pike. And he's honorable. What does that mean? So you're getting sucked in by the hype again man. He's absolutely nothing. Well, I don't know what's record entirely. I think what he's wondering about is record. I think I like that. He's conservative. And I like that. He likes to cut taxes. I like that. Uh-huh. I thought that Bush was the one who was in favor of cutting taxes. They both are. No, and the Bush is the one that wants the big tax cut. They both want tax cuts, but Bush wants to run. So how the idea of against the woman's right to choose on abortion? Why don't agree with him on everything? Yeah. Well, what do you agree with him on? Well, cutting taxes number one. And what else? Number two. I say, thank you. We should strengthen the military for more money into that. Yeah. Which I think we've lost through the Clinton administration. It isn't Bush for that. Yeah. I mean, I like both can. It's piping the cane. Isn't more honorable person. Okay. So you have to pay if they had no help in okay. How's that? But again, this guy, he would he would vote for either one. Which is okay. He's Republican. So therefore he's got that. So choice he's got. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. You saw all this talk about Mr. Henry and the Bill Gordon, the cruises of pay for his stadium. Yes, sir. I come from Maryland where aid polling built the capital center for his bullets. Yeah. Which that can't cook. Built his own football stadium. Yes. For his team. Right. Where polling and MCI built the stadium in Doris Stadium in Washington, D.C. Without tax pay is money. Nobody goes to right. Oh, are you kidding? You can't get tickets for the Redskins. One of bullets. For the MCI center? Right. Well, wait. The Redskins and the Bullets play in the same facility. No, no. Redskins play in Jack Kent Cook. Right. So how about the Washington capitals? The hockey team that nobody goes to. That's what I just said. Well, the Bullets grow on the big crowd. Followed it. Well, in Washington, there's a lot of bullets. Washington, there's no question about that. All right. I have a good day. And back to you. Okay. 560, 50560. One thing I like about the old people down here. They got a good sense of humor. You don't say that. Yeah. They do. Especially when their bag starts overflowing. That I got a good sense of humor about that. Out of time, I had his open 87775, 6345. But don't you like McCain? He's an honorable man. He stayed at the Hanway. Hold me. Served this country. So maybe that guy is a right wing for that. And if that's the case, then that's his man. His McCain got a chance. No. Not after the day. He's done. Like Danny Boy, done. Finito. Bye-bye, Johnny. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, I took your advice, Marty. I went up to Vegas a week ago and spent the Bilazio incredible place. Absolutely incredible. And we spent some time across the Paris Hotel. That's beyond belief. You know, coming back to South Florida at the Spanard a week in Vegas is like letting all the air out of the balloon. It's just such a well-run place. If you didn't describe, everybody hasn't been out there. It was really missing the boat. Not spending time out of Vegas. I just wanted to share that with you. Thanks for your time. Okay, I'm very full. Okay, thanks a lot. Vegas is still there, boys and girls. I'm still great. We don't have it at great time. Here's his beautiful and a Bilazio and the checkout combination, too. They tell me. You know, it's still great. And we're still here. And the tacos is closing in one location at a clock at night. A lot of people are very concerned about that, by the way. That's correct. You're raising your role in your eyes. And there's very important thing about Nick Tahoe's in Rochester and the garbage plate and stuff like that. There's also no great sloppy cuisine. Hey, if you're going to work for the bees, please, why if you're going to dress sloppy, why not eat sloppy? So I'm going to just slab her all over you. Why don't I have food running all over your post like the bees we do? And all over those works for other suits. Those rumpled up suits that they wear that look like they were stupid and dumpster for two three weeks at a time. They're classy people. It's a great stock. 1056 and 560. I'm doing my best for these poor suckers near the got sucked into that piece of crap. I mean, that's a great stock. BBGI baby rhymes with buy buy buy buy and then you die. It's great. Be easily broadcasting man. They need the money. badly. Towards my actually get as bonus. Of course, you're saying they gave us, it's one of those A or B. You know, it's either one of the above can at both column may your column be either George gets his bonus or you get the new phone system. Which one you want? So we're thinking about it. Four minutes before 11 at five, 60 WQ. How the Clinton spent their first night in Chepacol. I'm getting honey. No, I'll get it. No, I'm not going to get it. No, I'm going to get it. No, I'm coming. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Well, I'm going to present an unsayer room. Yes, you are. Yes, my family lives in the Victorian house. Crossed street. So very nice house. And you have very nice legs. Well, thank you, sir. And welcome to our little family, Chepacol. My daughter, I'm there, man. I can picture the little welcome to the neighborhood. It's our family recipe for playing up the upside down king. I like to take your pineapple. Anyway, upside down sideways. Ha ha ha ha. Thank you Mr. Pansany. Oh, my, my, my. Walk, walk, walk, walk. No, it was just a lady for next door. Let's all. Walk, walk, walk, walk, walk. I said, I'll get it. Just said, I'm shut up. What are you worried? Ha ha ha. There are a bunch of, I can't believe it. Well, hello. Hello Mr. Glenton, I'm a land-christian. You keep your voice down. Are you the escort? No, sir. Ha ha ha ha. I'm sorry, Miss Kriff, what can I do for you? I just wanted to walk in the city of neighborhood. Well, the escort is not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie. I'm no sir. All right, we'll also eat later, I'll eat. What are your legs? No, it's just another neighbor. You never make some food or what? Oh, sweet Jesus. Walk, walk, walk. Hey, the doorbell's going crazy. I'm getting out of here. Get out of here. Great, see you, there's ghosts. Hi, me. It's me, Monica. Good. Got all money. What do you think of my new bond? What are you doing here? Why? But the house next door is my chitty crane money. Oh, my God. We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the Year 2000. No. No, I don't have to work. That was a ton of things that I was doing these days too. Which were embarrassed about I guess, right? He bought the list. Yeah, he used the big red guy. It was very funny. But now, forget it. Connecticut, restless, charged and hazing. All of a sudden, I've been talking about this for years and suddenly they're catching on. New York Times and Sunday. big article here. High school hazing turns more violent in step with society educators say here's a big article in the claims the Canadian magazine it's kind of like the time magazine of Canada the hell of hazing and here what somebody factually was thank you very much because I forgot about it I had here on Friday never had time to talk about it. Connecticut wrestlers charged in hazing and just like we've always said isn't it interesting to notice that almost every one of these hazing episodes includes something having to do with genitals huh yeah something like that and to get club you more on right getting naked shaving your pubic here rubbing your genitals in somebody's face walking around doing the elephant walk rabbit hole to somebody else's penis etc. and so on is that interesting well we'll get to that Connecticut wrestlers charged in hazing of course we all know about wrestling anyway that's a game club you more on five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's Helen Dale hello. Oh Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. I actually show a long time with Neil two things. I'm hearing you about well built and date you and Hamilton about this building you're doing his work and all that. How come what are you talking about? Built and dirt. Well you're saying there was a bit of a emphasis in this way and that way there's a wise coming out of the ceiling of the building. You're talking about yeah. Okay now I I'm waiting for a company the same way though and we're trying to we got together we had to build into apartment the house apartment and everybody just guy we haven't not just not gonna happen here sir. Well I got no one's he got more summers than I got to tell my head let me say it again it's not going to happen here because we have a bunch of pussy's that work here it's not going to happen. Well then that's then they deserve what they get because if they don't want it's what we about that so then they should get everything that's coming to them. Okay thank you thank you five six out of are we going to talk to anybody of the age of a thousand here today. No okay and by the way facts are points out to the Washington Bullets have been the Washington Wizard to last the several years now because Bullets got everybody nervous up there just like they do on here but that's okay because he's still living like a hundred years in the past is he know the Washington Capital. Oh no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line out of town line is open as almost all of them are eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's a mobile in Miami hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey I'm just calling to say I love you show the farting noises really make my day and go to Athens. Here's our last call for Lauderdale hello. Hello Neil how are you doing today? Okay right where we left off yesterday. Hey my father my doctor tried to kill me a couple months ago. I had some surgery on my shoulder. Yeah they gave me something called oxacodone you know to go home with yeah like a active ingredient in Perkadan. Oh hi. Just five milligrams. Well the pharmacy gave me something called oxacondent which is 40 milligrams. Yeah. I take this bill it's like they can eat freaking Perkadan. I'll ride can you believe that? No. I mean why can't they print out these pharmacy we see it's rather than doctor scribble because it's encode. It's crazy. Three letters. They like they don't die. Yeah. Well it's the quiet here it now they're going to be here and from now. Okay good luck pal Sue. I ask good luck to you and don't forget me by the way when you're done. Don't be just do that. Okay no calls that's it that's the end of our calls today. Let's give the poll questions for our website and then we can play music a nice peaceful day the rest of the day or maybe we'll just how about we play yesterday's Marlon game all over again. How does that sound? I'll go get the tape. Okay great George is going to get the tape yesterday's Marlon game in case you missed it against Kansas City. I bet you it was a ripsnorder. Our poll questions today which if Eric is at which I'm sure he is on top of it right now. What show the elicent to in the morning for those that 20 people are still listening to this show which is obvious to all gone. Try to tell you that Greg our audience is gone baby since that OJ golf term that they have fled like we have leprosy on new show. But nevertheless and here are the choices. What the radio show goes to in the morning the first team? Howard Paul Castanova written sons why 100 power 96 or other. That's an awful lot of choices but we can add it. What radio show goes to new in the morning. This is on our website our poll the day and the aronges.com. First team Howard Stern, Paul Castanova written sons why 100 which we don't want to mention footing under by name doing. No power 96 which we would mind mentioned in this book written by a name by my father power 96 or other. Just kind of a curiosity to see what our ten listeners that we still have here listening in the day. What they listen to in the morning. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line eight minutes after 11 A.O.A. in. So by a house a touch in ladies and gentlemen for your order. Today you can step right up to the soccer career for doubles rotating ok noodle Rogers table  LA Jesus, I can't get... It's the bill, it's the bill! But David had to discribe the... ...he... ...but he knows... ...he'll hope... ...that David's six-pin-to-veel, like she whose need. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Is that you all you do? She just sit there. Would you get up in the dance or something? In the change? Come on, I got a digested dish, mafanae, hello, Elya. I'll see you here and watch. Come on. Get up. Got that? You're fine. That's it. I'm gonna buy it. I need a free coffee. I get my free coffee. That people in Elygaliaon. It's 11-14-56-WDQ. Here's our final final tab relation, I guess, because we didn't start to loop-pull until it's a human and to go. So, I recollect this thing on there until right up to that point. Do you listen to Marlon's baseball on WQM? We wound up with 518 votes. So, somebody is out there. They're just not calling us anymore. In fact, maybe now that we have this new thing with the appoles on the internet, maybe that's just how we'll communicate. Right? Just the anchor phone out. When did that? Yank it out. What do you say? Uh-huh. 518 votes. 437 said, no. They don't listen to Marlon's baseball on QM. 84.3% said, no. 81 said, yes, that's only 15.6%. Over 84% of the people who listen to this show do not listen to Marlon's baseball. That's a higher percentage than who wants to see titties on TV. Right? That's exactly right. This is the most overwhelming and weopsided. How do you like that? John Henry. You're whistling up even, even, sharing with the new taste good like a con. You're not sure if Jesus knows chance. No way Jose. Nice column there, Sherry. Sure makes a lot more sense than that Dave Hyde. That Jack Ball was already looking to come to the wreck dome. We're door hop on board. Do we want to include NPR on that list? Eric, that's on the cut to crap. 560560. I got a news for it. That's only for George's intellectual listeners, the NPR. 560560. Where are we going to have those cars gone? The only people who are calling me now are old grizzles. That's what's going on now. Over the age of 100, don't put any more old Farx on your place. As much as I enjoyed beating them up, don't put them on. I can't handle it. You can hear the death rattle in the background. Although it doesn't make me feel very young. It's kind of like, over that appearance we had at Cinello in the casino. Where I felt like not even like I was in elementary school all over again. I felt like a child. Here's Pioria. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. How are you? All right. Just moved up here from last summer. Yeah. How's it played in Pioria? It's nice. Live down the Delray Beach. Oh, well, I'm just going to go up in the world, man. Sure, man. Yeah. For 20 years, I used to live up here. You used to live, uh, did pool service. And with my solo walk there. Yeah. Uh, yeah. The Marlin. Boy, haven't heard that. It's a couple of stuff here. Yeah. I just, uh, okay. Well, listen, have a great day. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Niel. Yes, sir. It's Tom. That's my day. How you doing? Well, geezer, I'm 27 years old. Now, listen to your show for about three years now since you came to 2 AM. Thank you, Tom. Thank you. For our one list is that we still have under the age of 100. I just have to feel sorry for you and begging for calls every day. I think the happiest I saw you is when you weren't taking calls anymore. Yeah. Those three weeks were like heaven. All thank heaven. I think you should do it again until they get you a new phone system. So when people try to get in and talk to you, they... You see if I do that, they'll see that. It's not a good tactic on my part because if I do that, they'll say, Oh, when you see you don't need the phone, you do it just great without a phone, you need to get in post. If it doesn't work, you can do it. Talk to you for four hours. You've already proven that. And I'm not going to give that opportunity. That's true. I mean, I want to say they've got a job. They want to double my pay. I'll consider doing the talk, sure, without any calls every day. That sounds fair. Retroact. Tom's fair. Hey, what do you think, uh, that the channel a lot of ambulance trade with the Bruins with very poor in in consequential. Ray Bork is finished. He's he's another Danny boy. He's another guy that should have quit a year ago and he just didn't know what to hang it up. He's done. He's finished. Thanks, I think that's great. That's great. That's great. That'll be of no consequence for either team. I think he should have stayed in Boston because I don't think Colorado has the chance to win the cup anyway. And that's right. You know, I'm always crab about, wow, we want one more chance to ring at the cup at the this. That's so goddamn overrated. I mean, thanks every when a guy dim a world series of course not. There's so many great athletes who never want a championship. What the hell difference does it make? I mean, the guy made millions of dollars. He's a household name in Boston. If he's got some class, he could have retired there, finished it out and, you know, and hung it up. Absolutely. I agree with you. And got all the champions. Thanks a lot. All right. Tonight's the big night. Baby Panthers had watched that any interest in that. No. And he trades yet by the Murray's the spokesman doing anything yet. No. No. He's kind of been suspended animation again. The spokesman. Nothing happened. Not kind of other things happened around us. Are we doing anything yet? No. Better do something soon. Sweetheart. Because sometimes you feel like it's just slipping away. You can feel it's slipping right out of your hands. And the division championship too. Fine. And with all those teams like bunched up in there now, all those teams between like 78 82 points. You got the least now with 82 until it'll be with 81. And the Panthers watching it with 80. And got a lot of right on the rest with 70. And also, it was just a little bit of a nine. All those teams just jammed on in there. So if you keep that losing thing going on, the Panthers have been doing a lot lately. And keep playing no defense. All of a sudden you might wind up in the real math trapper, come play off time. And we sure wouldn't want that happen. Because then we might have a lot of Mt. Seats for the playoffs. And that would be real embarrassing. Right Wayne? That would be bad. And I'll say it again. Here is a man had a had 19,000. I'm on seats in that place couldn't have handled 17,000, five, something like that and made nice big comfortable seats that had like real big, you know, without all the goddamn knee space being taken away for those cup holders, could have made it nice and comfortable for everybody. Couldn't even do it. Because there are a bunch of greeney sons of bitches and then they wonder, gee, how come nobody's showing up? Oh, I don't understand it. 2067 bucks again and look at a great prices on that food that I wanted to talk about that one day when again, the cat had everybody's done and nobody wanted to come in on that. You know, it's interesting though when I go to the games you'd be amazed that all the people are coming up to me. Oh, you're right in the other food here sucks and it prices every day because all these people say that, but what they call no, and you want to know why because nobody wants to make the effort. Nobody wants to look to finger anymore. And you notice that more and more and more with these generation zers. That's another thing, by the way, if somebody tells you you're a generation exer or a baby boomer pick a big pile of dog manure and slap him in the face with it. Okay. I'm so sick and tired of all these goddamn media created categories. Oh, you're a, everybody has to be pigeonholed. That's going to be our poll question one day next week. I think would you rather be cornholder pigeonholed? No, and why do people, why do people, like our good friend JP, there was a good kid, but a little like what behind the years? Oh, well, I'm a generation exer. What is that crap? How can somebody make up some stupid plastic artificial name like that to categorize a whole bunch of people who don't think the same, who don't dress the same, who don't eat the same, who don't even dress the same? Oh, but I'm a baby boomer. I'm going to boomer through this and a boomer down the, yeah, the boomer. And by the way, get the boomer out of the boozy sucks. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. I took the day off with my birthday. Wow. I'm your birthday. See, you all want something, man. They all want a little. Oh, I saw you second. Yeah. They had to play that. We stopped like you under the age of 100. We got to do something and try to win the audience back there. Go on. They're all gone, man. I'm feeling a little old today. I'm hoping to be real popular until a couple of days ago. 45 today. You know, that's not bad. I 31 when I started listening to you. I could drive over to central Indian casino, like a world in the afternoon. I have a little feel like a teenager again. I was talking to my dad Sunday and we have a mental picture of that whole scene there. And I don't think it's my mental picture can do it justice. That had to be hysterical. Do you remember the scene in Kuukhu's next room that we were like dancing? They were like, was real quiet. They had the music in the island and we're all dancing. That was kind of like it was in there without the music. I called for one reason. Actually, I called for two number one. I see radios being turned off all around South Florida when the morning. What is it? This is spring practice games or something? And they've been to this game. And they thank you for that. They're young. That's that's. I mean, 518 responses, which I think is the highest response we've had in just a one day poll so far. So a lot of people fell strongly enough to give it opinion. And 437 almost 85% said absolutely, they don't listen to Marlon's baseball. So that means that at what's wrong with the yesterday, 85% of the people were listening turned it off and maybe the other 20 people turned it on and won here the game. Does it have that you're rating? Of course. Okay. My ratings, thanks ratings. Oh, God. One request. You're a yeser. And I'll never, I won't call for another year after anything else. Farmers daughter. You got it. Thank you sir. And have a happy. You too. He's only 45 years today. Oh, what is he? Yeah, I wish I was 45 again. I wish I was 25 again. And I knew what about your assholes. The beesley were. Oh, God. I don't want to start saying anything about that stock. See, if you treated people well, if you paid your bills, if you paid people in our supposed to get paid, maybe people would talk good about you instead of talking the truth, which is you're a bunch of scumbags. Okay. Beesley's a bunch of measly scumbags, wannabes. Oh, they got this stock offering. They're going to be big shots. So why should it come as any surprise to anybody that it started off right from the first day is what they call a broken offering. Like broken down old secondhand, like all of our equipment broken down offering. I could go back. I can do the rest of the show on that. Oh, yeah, can you get, can you get the other kind of like ease off on that? We don't want to hurt out of our price of our stock. So see now they got a good alibi. You ought to thank me. Now you got an alibi. When a stock goes down to 10 or 8 or 7 or whatever, it's going to go down to you can say it all to this one of the employees that you sold a bill of goods. Oh, that guy then fed bag over there in Miami. He's the one that drove the stock price not by bad mouthing it by telling the truth. How many people in this building are putting their expensive accounts in a weighted weeks and months and years and lifetime to get paid by these people? How about that poor bastard up there in Philadelphia? They were fashing, had the wrong full number. Like everybody else, I did the wrong fashing number. Kept fashing us for his guy then 225 bucks or whatever it is who did some engineering worker, whatever on a goddamn Marlon's fillings games up there in Philly. That was last year. Erbie couple of weeks we get another, you could see that care drops on the goddamn facts is, please, please, this is my 800's request for my 225 bucks for working for your goddamn cheap ass radio company, please send me my check. How'd you like to have to be poor Miriam downstairs there? Are accounting lady? And you wonder why she's in the nut to best to help? How'd you like to be her? Haven't to be the, uh, the spokesperson lady lier for the company. Oh, the check is in the mail. I will, I experienced it myself before I even started here. They have her, she has to, you know, fend off all the creditors. See, if I'm a company that goes public, I expect people to invest in my company because I'm a good business person. I'm going to expand and make them a lot of money. How can I possibly expect them to do that when I don't want to pay my bills? When George has to wait for his goddamn bonus until it's absolutely the very last paycheck before it says in the agreement that he finally got then to put him writing, the very last moment that they can possibly pay him. That's when he gets it. Did you ever get it early? Before they had a path? No, no, the answer is no. No. There's no. What was it again? No, that's what I thought you said. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQA. In other words, act like a mench and I'll treat you like a mench. Act a responsibly and we'll treat you with some respect. Put a guy in the system and hear that work. Give us some equipment. We're not talking about billions of dollars. And this man talks about I'm going to be doing a show from Toronto. I'm going to be doing a show from Amsterdam. I'm going to be doing it from the table in New York. From a studio that they're going to build. Does anybody believe that? They can't build a studio here in Miami that works. Although we do have a segment of the audience out there that this is those goddamn sounds on the phone. They missed those. Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQA. Panther's hockey. Only odds. 4, 30, 5, 60, QAM. A-O, Ben, what's up at the public? Talk to the fish. There was no farmer who lives down here. I think that in the men who just shaking his head. That's some boys who were down by the prick. They're being no borders. They're in on their marbles and sleeping. Then at half past four, their team was young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her runbozing leaves. And then white club feet done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spend while the boys in the barnyard were show-bosing. Reptius and later from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye at the pillow. Down by the dock, he looked like a man with a side of the home in the country with a pink face out front. If he had to phone like they she'd show him her little pet doll who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner and with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck out his candies. So take the maid of butter scotch. And then he's friends with cream all over her cup. He's that she had left out on her shelf. If they existed, there'd be you could go. There's no right. I'm afraid to have five 60 WQM without Hank in studio with two bookshobby, a six o'clock. I pregame six 30 Panthers at the Washington Caps. Oh, what a game that I had seven o'clock. And of course we got any K rhymes with GA right after the game. Connecticut rest those charged in hazing. High school wrestling can be a form of controlled hazing. The grueling practices. The struggle to meet a target bodyweight. And the exhausting regiment of steer climbing and weightlifting. We'd out the weekend in the undisciplined. Not to mention those who just want to grasp the other kids crunch. Connecticut prosecutors, however, are taking a hard line to get eight trouble high wrestlers who are accused of taking things much too far. Eight members including two cap or dis same members, including two capons of the 15 member team have been arrested. Three is adults on assault and conspiracy charges that could run more than five years in prison in some of the cases. Tellerie Barger, one of the prosecutors said hazing is an inadequate description of the attacks. A 15 year old wrestler was allegedly hog tied, pushed into a wall, stuck inside a locker and held down while teammates forced the handle of a plastic knife into his spectrum. Isn't that nice? And just like I said before, have you noticed that almost everyone, every one of these hazing incidents involved, either the rectum or the epinous or the uh, that's a gate club you moron or shaving your scroat, something along those lines. Running around naked, pulling each other's uh, private and sergeants. You should call out what it is and that would be a pattern of assault and harassment she said. This is not cute. This is not toys will be boys. The boy told police that after joining the team in December, he and two other new wrestlers were repeatedly hazed. The two other boys were allegedly hog tied with trainers tape. One was thrown into the shower while the other one was covered in garbage, the 50 year old old-roll police, the allegation shocked students and parents, several students said they thought hazing was willing to detroutish locker room pranks, right? When I was there, I never heard anything like this, said Tom, what Kowski in 1997, graduate of play on the football team in this freshman year, a lot of people are pissed off and far up about it. Lawyers would be accused wrestler, say trouble high officials have noted about hazing for years. In the 1999 yearbook to the parting captains of the wrestling team, urged their teammates to carry on the tradition of hog tying. And it goes on and on. And then here in McClains magazine this week is a whole big article about the hell of hazing. June 1998, three members of Calgary's band and triple a buffalo hockey team are given one year suspension for rubbing their genitals into the faces of other players. There you go. All right. What does that sound like? That's a gate club you moron. 1997, the Ontario hockey league investigates after rookies on the Kingsville Comments and Ontario Junior C team are forced to strip an a team bus washroom and then made to run down the aisle while their teammates hit them around the genitals. What a surprise September 1993. Criminal charges are laid against some members of Ontario's silver rehawk junior C hockey team because of having hazing activities that include drinking games, shaving of pubic here, forcing people to eat incredible concoctions of horrible stuff. It's just guys having a good time. Isn't that what it is? Guys boys will be boys. You have any other's privates and you know? Here's Naples, hello. Morning Neil. Yes sir. I got a couple things for you. I'm a 41 year old from Naples and I want to about to get questioned first. What have you guys since you were mentioned in the Beesley's? What do these guys look like? Because I live about a half mile from, you know, they're a little office building there. What do they look like? Clap. Dom serious. That's what they look like. I mean, how do you describe what somebody looks like? I have a lot of sharp and they're all. They're all in short and stalking and slim and grow test looking. Because they look like I said, they just called out about dumpster. Well, they're still not able to keep sweet overnight in the dumpster somewhere. Because this morning I heard somebody rattle around in my garbage cans. That could have been one of them. I wouldn't say these were probably Bruce Beesley. But anyway, I thought I'd call you and let you know of a new. Probably looking in there digging around for some loose chains. I'm serious. These are people who don't pay any, they don't pay their bills. And they're on Wall Street. They got a stock offer and they want me to come on here and lie for them. And not rip them and tell a public what a bunch of fakers they are. Well, I really got to do with something like that. Yeah, that's right. Fakers man. Fenniway. Not fooling me. Yesterday, my daughter answered the phone usually I don't answer because, you know, most of the time you get these sales to keep right there. But I put the phone call because she handed it to me and I thought I might have been someone else. And as soon as I found out it was a sale to call, I had her run over and get my new Rogers keychain. Great. Excellent. And I started laying out all of the sounds on the phone for the lady. Yeah. So that was a nice new use that found out. That's a good idea. I think I'm going to start trying to else fund. But also a couple weeks ago, I heard you mentioned you talking about what you like to get out into nature and stuff like that. I did. You did? I like to get out into nature. Yeah. Enjoy nature. What happened? I say that. That's a three week video. Oh, maybe you were listening to George saying that. No, no, no, you don't not mean. I know why I was surprised. I know, change. No. Nobody ever could have confused me with being a three-barc tour. No. That's what I was wondering. You're parking a new old area. You're going to the cities and stuff. Yeah. All right. Well, we'll forget that last time. George, like that fresh year up in North Carolina. He likes seeing him swastikas flying up real high. He likes all that good stuff up here. All right. One last thing. In closing, yes, sir. I'm about to light one up. Could you wait a few minutes and play smoke to join? Yeah, I'm a day, sir. Okay. Thank you. Okay. What do you want? No. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. 22 till noon. Any calls about that big panther game tonight? No. But a trade day might be making it. No. So yesterday they were calling. Was there any reason to be calling about it? Oh, of course not. There was nothing going on. Today is the big day. Last night I was thinking that every Toronto Maple Leaf fan in North America was up there until 130 to morning watching holding their breath, puking her guts out, watching them blow a five one lead the third period and then went an over time. Nice going there, Matt. Oh, yeah. God, that's a second time in a row of Vancouver. They blow a big lead in the third period and then went in an over time. And again, there was absolutely like Harry Neal said with no defense. The coaches were both puking her guts out, no defense. The defense was like taking an evocation permanent. Great game. And we got the big game of the century tonight. The panthers at the Washington Cavalryle. Can you feel it in the air? No. Can you smell it? Oh. And what are these people talking about on your sports station? And what are they writing about in your goddamn newspapers? And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Oh, God. It's beyond belief. It really is. If you went to the moon and you told a moonman about what's going on here? He would say, oh, it's not possible. Can't be. It can't be still Hawking one. That's in crap. I mean, it's the middle of March. Hey, Danny. March away, okay. March away. Thank you for everything, Danny. We love you. Goodbye. 21 till noon at 5. 60 WQ. Day. Day. Night stays the same. Night stays the same. Night was the same. But there we go. We swear with night games. If you were. We love you. These hours didn't exist. They were to take your end. We got late. We swear did night games. We looked like kids. We didn't sign in. We sing like a bunch of girly wild night games. We sang our agents as we got to sing. We swear did night games. I'll be the stands of 12 year old girls. We'll stay for as cute as you be. Yes, as they can hold their day off the ground. We're hiding our late hands. We're hiding our late hands. We're hiding our late hands. We're hiding our late hands. We're hiding our late hands. We're hiding our late hands. I swear with night games. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. I'm 46. This is my running order. Jason Kim starting tonight and goal. Jason Kim. Who's Jason Kim? Who's Jason Kim? Going for the panthers? Jason Kim? Never heard of him. What about Pablo Burry? He's got a bad ankle, right? He's playing. All right. Ray Whitney? Who's Jason Kid? In other words, you want to go down the whole roster? Is that what you wanted to do to all the names? Is that your idea of a hockey conversation? Mommy to tell you, everybody is going to be playing. Including Trevor Kid or Mike Vernon, which Mike Vernon will be playing? Oh, Trevor Kid. Yeah. That's OK. Close. Yeah. I was wondering if you could play five, six, seven, play dead. Five, six, seven, the audience already is doing it. Why should I do it? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Out of town line. How is that Jason Kiddo, and he's almost as good as that Peter Warick guy? Did these people know they're craft? Oh, no. Like I said before, there was absolutely, I mean, from a selfish standpoint, I know this sounds ridiculous, but I'm just being objective for one moment. There is no reason why this town should have a hockey team. None. Absolutely none. And the $200 million that were spent to build that beautiful arena there in sunrise. There are kids going to school in Porto, Potties in Broward County. I mean, just just a thought. I mean, it just happens to be the truth. From a selfish standpoint, it's beautiful place. It's close to my house. I get free tickets, free pockets. I love going there. Usually, over pretty good time. So selfishly, it's great. But did we need it? No. Doesn't that, can he sense? No. More and more and more stadiums and venues for billionaires. Got to stop. It's got to stop. It's got to stop. It's got to stop with John Henry. And of course, when you look at little puts like him, it's easy to say no to him. Do you want to say it? You look at him and you say, oh, who the hell do you can? I won't give you 50 cents. Especially for the crap you're peddling. 5, 6, 7. All we're going to do is here's Tom Hopkins on the line. Tom, how are you doing? Hey. Yeah. I just, speaking of that. Yeah. Isn't this Tom Hopkins who once said, you can't even realize, plop. Yeah. And he's still forwarded. Exactly the same way. Really? Anyway. Yeah. I was speaking of venues. I couldn't get actually yesterday when you were doing the Katie Kirk. Colomost could be business. Yeah. How did her back? Look. She, I actually sat on C-span and watched this last night. She went through this. You sat on C-span, what was she sitting on? A very comfy chair. Anyhow, the reason I mentioned it is after the today show this morning, you can get a video cassette of the whole thing. All right. You know, I had just sit there at home in Fast forward and freeze-flime and slow-mull and peer into Kathy, Katie, correct? Right, Tom. For hours at a time. That's your thing. But finally, I would say to you that there is a service to it because you know, I've had two of these, two of cancer operations. Right. And anybody who doesn't do it once a year is a fool. Yeah. I did it two weeks ago. I mean, it's a must. And you know, I grew up cancers like a dandy, spud wanted me to have them vinyl and sell them as jewelry. But anyhow, they all had booze time. Yeah. That could be too. Anyway, finally, they give you fabulous drugs. Yeah. So you can just lay there and my doctor's flip when he saw those green things in me and I thought, hey, this is cool. Yeah. Must be done. Why do you do have a bunch of polyps in the, whatever? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I still got four positive nodes. But I'm going to remission what's six years. Yeah. Four nodes? Yeah. And why don't they take them off? Um, because they're not, they're just dormant. They will. They get to it. You know, I just said it. I want you to do in sick moids. Now, and that's, I want to get a quarter inch left. But that's, that's not good though. That's more painful than the coloscopy. Because you're a sick moids? Yeah. I don't like that. No, no, no, no. And they get real sadistic with that thing too. They start like, because they see the look on your face. I like he can't. And they start pushing a little deeper and a little further. Yeah. And then he's got to always has a new nurse. And he wants to show them the staples and stuff and boys. That pleasant. But having said all that, it's better than the option. That's true. So I'm sorry she lost her husband. Be kind of a dumb. Listen, I'm delighted. I think she's doing a wonderful thing and bringing some awareness. But just because you make people aware, doesn't mean you have to look inside her. I just, I don't understand. I don't get it. No, they could have gone to a hospital and done anybody. Right. Yeah. But it's there. And don't bother on C.S. And I'll repeat it all we can still do is help. Okay. Thanks Tom. Tom Hopkins, one of the great news people have ever worked in this market. Florida sucks. That's what he says. 400 open lines to prove it. It's been getting a lot of diminishing return each and every day. And the only people we hear from mainly are people over the age of 100. If there's anybody out there under the age of 100, we love here from you right now. Just to say something. Just to let us know you're still alive. Are they going to come? No. Don't forget our poll question by the way on the arondios.com today. Little listener survey again. This one could be the most important question we've had so far. Watch show to you. Listen to in the morning. What radio show? Howard Stern, Paul Castroova, while 100 power 96, Rick and Spun, the first team. Other, there are seven choices on there. Can you handle that many? Huh? No. Give it your best shot. 567. 560. Pound 560. On the 18th. Fred Grimm has got another good company. And it's gone Fred. Fred Grimm. He makes a lot of sense. Even though he writes for the hero. The rise in fall or Willie Logan. Just like I've been saying on the show. See everything our reading news paper basically turns out to be stuff that I was saying a week before or a month before six years before. Whether it's about the hazing and all other crap. Whether it's about Willie Logan at turn coach, Martha that was supporting Jeff Bush because he got all pissed off and been on the shape. So like a pixel in child, he went over to the Bush people and now they're having a big protest because they want their affirmative action, which the answer by the way is nevertheless. And so now Willie Logan, he's up to mids Creek. Nice going there, Willie. Because your people, they see what happens when you got an alcohol time in the cabin. Okay? And it kicked your ass out of the cabin. You're out in the cold now. You're on your own, Willie. Very sad. Like Jews for Hitler, Fags for Jerry Falwell, same business. Sparks just for a jab bush. I warned you then, I'll warn you again now. Same thing. Here's my Andy. Hello. Oh yeah, I'm not going to bore you with other Jimmy and Danny question or anything. Thank God. You know, the hockey also, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I gave her her that joke. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Hi, Ali, hello. Any a hoire. Okay, sir. Um, I just wanted to touch on the front of you. You started the generation X's. Yeah. I just went to Crap. And I said the whole concept of labeling generations with a name like that. It's stupid. It's idiot. I was exactly where I wanted to go. Because the concept is based around the notion that if you were born in a certain year or a certain decade, therefore you automatically fit into a mold, which is ludicrous on the face of it. Well, I agree. Where are you were born? It's got a hell of a lot more to do with it than what year you were born in. Yeah, that's definitely true. But I mean, everybody goes through the stage where they, if you want to label, they're considered generation X's. Everyone from the age of 15 to about maybe 20. You're going through a stage where you really don't care about anything by yourself. And I mean, why do you have to be between 15 and 20 different of that category? There's plenty of people between 55 and 65. There's people between down here. There's people between 80 and 200 of them that category. There's some people who stay stuck in that category. Yeah, me. I'm 20 years old. But why do you have to have a category though? Well, I can't explain that one. I'm not going to say it's a side of you or anything like that. Just open up the window and yell, don't label me. You ask holes just to let me know how long. I mean, there are always exceptions to every rule. I mean, how long do you have to tell me you see you were? I'm 20 years old. Here's a young man who's 20 years old. He's still listening to this show. God bless America. Thank God for you, sir. Well, 20 years old. I consider myself a good part of this community. I do a lot of work. I do over 100, something hours at community service. So you're a flamingo, if you wanted to hire a leader. But I mean, you have to get, you have to get situated. You have to have goals. You have to do this. Otherwise, you are going to get labeled the generation. Yeah. Unfortunately. And that's basically the point. And if that just me, I know a couple of my friends that are productive members of this community. Do they go to the show? Of course they do. Oh, thank God. So there's two more. Or listen right now. Oh, a little human now. Yeah, you see. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560. You. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. He's not busy going his face. And she drags her face his legs with her bleed. She's got a weed. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there. She's not he either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She's not here either. She's not there either. She's not there either. She never does. She seems to love. When I know I treat you to me you told me just because of you Jesus. Stay alert, don't cry. It's your mother. You are my father. The whole world is a huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, giant, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, shifts, and and then they determines, really, it got slippery, go up, big, awesome, I mean, amazing, huge, huge, kind of huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, incredible, huge, so big, huge, huge, huge, awesome, big, huge, huge, out to it is why not? Why not? Just like the beesleys. Want to my stock? No. Why not? Because you people suck because we hate you people like poison because we don't want to lose our ass. 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. That's right. The people in this building, they are pissed off at me because I'm telling the truth. They're pissed off because they got no in, baby. Even in Montreal, they never got snowed in like this. A snow job. Everybody wants a blow job, but nobody wants a snow job. A pathetic. Here's Pompano Beach, hello. Yes. We am a be a 200. And that poor bastard call earlier, he wouldn't know Trevor kid from Trevor. Well on that, but I kept giving him the opportunity. I did everything but drama wrote and the toughest and tried to point out to him that he was staying the wrong name there. And he still would, he could still be on the phone. He wouldn't know Trevor. He from Trevor Linden from Lyndon, New Jersey. He's busy thinking about last night when Jason Kidd will pass on the heat. He's playing for the Phoenix. I know who he is. Yeah, you see them more on that. But he looks better than Trevor kid. Well, but anyway, regarding your rather short poll, yeah, there's one show that's probably there be somewhere besides the other category. So you kind of left off. What is that? Bob and Tom. No, but it's the only in Palm Beach. Can they hear that? It's not enough of our people can hear that. I mentioned that to George. Oh, no. Man, when I get to Bob Howard Boulevard, it starts to come in. Yeah, I'll leave it in the car. Yeah. Well, maybe next time. I don't give you wrong. I love Bob and Tom. They're great. They are great. They're great. I'm not in force that we can't get them in days. They got Howard beat by a million miles. I'll give you a tear that at least. At least. And end closing. Yes, sir. But, Luke. Okay. 560-50560. Now, the only thing I have to be using about that is he listens to Bob and Tom. And he said, but, Luke, I'm saying maybe that's why they got that. Oh, 22. But George listens to Rick and Sus in a morning. How do you like that? We want them to feel good over there. Okay. He listens to a Rick and Sus. I love this show. There you go. Now, the Southern guy he's saying, but, Luke, he listens to Bob and Tom. So, at least he's, you know, trying to get you excited. I want my parents. 560-50560 on the AT&T line. I'm going to tell you. If we don't start seeing some serious action on his phone, I mean right now we're playing the tape yesterday's Marlin game all over again. And I'm not joking about that. Do we have it? We got it. Somewhere. Yeah. We got it around. Okay. It's around and around. About this big. God. This is just every 24 years I've been doing this and every now and then you're running to a brick wall and it just like, well, we just we don't care. We're out here, but we're not talking to you. Okay. So, we got nothing to say. Collapjation kid. Man, these people are brutal. If we had a woman today, Jesus Christ, even in an old flag like me, never had no woman today. Not one. I'm not taking that back. The first color was a lady. He's a lady. 560-50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. The outer town line is dead as a door that's the one thing I finally we had to threaten to take in the court. But nevertheless, the one thing we find to go into is putting that outer town line at line nine, toll free line, Fort Myers, West Palm Beach, Sarah Soda, Riviera Beach, all these goddamn highfalutin places loaded with Graham like you and are they calling on it? No. Because they have nothing to say in here. It's stupid. Tuesday, that's the best part of the whole deal. Oh, you won't do deal when you went away from top of you. The more I think about it, how can I get upset at that fact? You know, I must be, I must be losing it. You know what I'm saying? I must be the pressure. I'll come in back from out of town and you get off that plane Sunday night and walking into that jetway and that humidity hit me in the post. And I said, oh, no, here I am again. 877-785-6345. If we don't have a call from Fort Myers in the next 30 seconds, what we're going to do is we're going to split. We'll stay in doing my show here in Nomy. But we'll feed the tape yesterday's Marlon game over to Fort Myers again. How do you like that? 30 seconds in counting. 877-785-6345. 22 seconds. So I have it on the on the west coast. They must love the Marlon because we got 20 seconds in counting. So you'll one call on that guy, then toll free line. They were paying for it. 877-785-6345. 20 seconds. Yeah, okay. Like I said, 10 seconds. 877-785-6345. That was Bruce V's lead by the way. Nice hearing from you, Bruce. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Please don't play the Marlots. Are you in for Myers? Yes, Sarah. I'm on a mobile. Well, you just do have no idea how close you came to hear in the Marlon Nomy. I can't do it. You said, oh, you saved all of four Myers by about two seconds. It's bad enough. We got the twins all over here now. We got to do it. He's right. Uh-huh. The Marlon's in the twins. That's about equal. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. I thank you. Hey, Neil. I'll tell you our listeners over there in four Myers and the West Coast. Why should they be any different in anybody else? It said woodpecker. That's what's doing it. So that was got to cranked up his loud as it'll go. Can you hear it? Listen. Eeeeh. That's it. He's got to crank to the limits. The woodpecker. And it's just vibrating like sugar shockers. It's vibrating right around in your brain. And that's why all these people are doing this abore and driving out there and just to act in real weirdo than usual around here. It's the woodpecker. Uh-huh. Fidel done it. That's sort of a bitch that bearded prick. Oh, the market's down to 16. Well, that's bad. Alan Greenspan. Dough falls at the head to Fed Chairman Greenspan. He wants to slow down or else. Buddy, like that. He wants your money to be worth a fast crap. Alan, freaking Greenspan. What do we hate him or what? I am so. And then of course gas prices may hit record. Because our good friends, the co-waves and the Saudis, those goddamn laundry heads that we always help out every time they're desperate. They turn to us. We go and bail them out. And what do they do? They stick it right in our rectum. Yeah. I'd be dropping a weapon zone. I'd be on a phone right now given them a deadline. Just like it didn't for Myers there. I'd be given them a deadline. You got to all three of this afternoon Eastern daylight time to get off the goddamn crap. Okay. And to get to get your old peck people together and tell them the price of oil, cut to half from thirty two dollars a barrel of the sixteen dollars a barrel from a buck 70 a gallon to guy damn like a bucket gallon like he used to be. Not that long ago. You grave robbing one reheads you. That's what I would be doing if I was your president. I'd be on a phone right now giving an ultimatum. Cut the crap. Especially you co-waves over there. With your billions and billions of dollars living their odd damn life are ryelly. And how do you do them by the way? I won't be laughing. It's very serious business. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Goodbye, Florida. Steve. Nice while in last season. Violating the Florida traditions of ass, but see when you say the game too well. Next season will be hell. Thank you that quality bastard. Violating out how he lost his loved money so he gave you up like a thousand dead from the shuffles. And now you're all gonna need after what you let you do there a world series. The flight you've made in will be co-cheat double A again. The beat counter so counter how long you try. I'd like to see way cause it to a night. Jump off this wallet and ride. But by Florida's team a darn good thing that you played in day count. He caused him shower day pass the law again. Anything that too much fun. And with the pants or tall. Squirt's work. To their new arena. I wouldn't be surprised if I'd take a give them up. Should they ever win the standle? And now you're all gonna leave after what you let you. You where oh world see a beat. So try to play this. We'll be talking about A again. The beat counter so counter so counter how long you try. I'd like to see way cause it to a list. I. Jump off this wallet and die. Oh. Props. Tata's five sixty. Hey John Henry by the way will pack you sandwich. Here's a facts from Lajason who says you're new. I've listened to your show for about two years. 19 years old asking for your support on a matter of education here in Dave County. Our wonderful government here in Florida wants to take away adult vocation education from the DCPS and hand programs over to Miami Dave. Here's the problem. Miami Dave does not have a facility to handle 80,000 people were currently in the DCPS program. I'm currently in an aviation program at George T Baker Aviation School yesterday. I found out that as a July first all programs are canceled. In my case or the case of the students at George T Baker, Miami Dave wouldn't have the aviation program for three to five years from now. Therefore delaying my career in the careers of 435 other students at the school. Not only does this affect us at the school, but the other programs such as automotive repair, AC repair, electric repair, etc. I would like to ask for your support over the year waves, maybe we can create an upwardness community. I get to support from the people who are out of their in their graves dead. Please support us by writing letters or email the word government. See the problem of this Jason is you got to give me something more specific. Somebody they can write to. Letters are email the word government saying that we're all in favor of local voting on this matter instead of the state vote. Besides this doesn't affect anybody other than the Dave County. I would like to ask you for the people who listen to your program that have received an education from the eval vocational education programs and date. To place the fourth right of the port, we received an education to become productive members of this community. I thank you three hundred times for your support. At least we won education instead of a hand out. Okay Jason, giving names, giving numbers, giving something. Okay. And also, let me first do that. So here's our first result on today's poll. And I told you this is going to be very interesting. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So this will make him feel a little bit better. If you put a trigger on the ass out the door, I mean. Alright. Right. Come back. Raskin, what radio show do you listen to in the morning? Assuming of course, you listen to this show every day of your life, you listen. Uh-huh. You better. Howard Stern, 29. We got 88 votes so far because we started this really late. 88 votes Howard 29 and 33 percent. Other is in second place with 26. Did I see we must have left somebody out. I can't list every guy at the end station. We got 60,000 stations. Who did I leave out? I don't know his thumbs or under still on. What white people did we leave out? But the interesting part is this is behind Howard and other. Guess who it is with 17 votes on 88. Guess who it is? Here's a clue. I looked up, Raskin says with 17. So you guys got a bogus book. Okay, Rick and Sput. Let me tell you that right now. You guys got screwed. You took a big foot in the record. That last book with a point to my ass. The first team? Nine. Almost forgot about them. Nine out of 88 that's 10.2 percent. So that means 90 percent of the people listen to this show. Don't listen to the first team. How do you like that? Oh my god. Wow. Now what you call a great cross over, isn't. Paul and Ron. Six. Please tell these people to stop. Stop. I'm telling you. Calling and telling you what they listen to. Wait, no, we don't want you to do that. George doesn't care. This is a poll on the internet. Don't you understand that difference between doing our poll daily out of net, which is a lot of fun. We're getting tremendous reason. I only wish we got to response on the phone. We're getting on the internet. So a lot easier to pick up the phone and call than it is to go and turn on. You're going to go all the way. The road runner is great today. No, when it works, I'm going to tell you that thing smokes. It's your smokes. No, I'm talking about. Yeah. That's right. You hook it up to your blog and it's a Mahaya. You hook it up to your dog, your blog and your smoking, scored scored. Oh, seriously. That's the, it's just, it's unbelievable. When there's nobody on there, which this morning, there haven't only wasn't because I, you don't even finish typing in you are else. Nobody got, even if you don't want it yet, it's on there. But anyway, so we got 88 votes, power on any poll in Ron. See, you went erupted me without the bond crapper yours again. When I've been weed, Paul and Ron with six, wouldn't you have thought they would have had more than that? Who are you asking? You? No. Do your show. No. That cast your Nova. And what's wrong with you, Ron? That was sarcasm. Did the way you said it, you see, you're trying to cover your tracks. Now, you said that seriously. I'll be liar. Who? Lunch, run. Young, Ron. Old, Ron. Dumb, Ron. I listened to my good friends, Rick and Suds, religiously. Do you? Yes. Well, I've been telling you a lot of other people, they're too, but nobody knows about it. So, God damn secret. How do you like that? And I keep pushing that fluid. Anyway, power 961. Or I don't like the way that sounds like. Keep pushing that fluid. Kind of like chopped off at the end there, you know what I'm saying? I like it better when you said. I looked up trainees. And why 100 is God? How do you like that footage, you pathetic old fossil, you huh? They got a big fat. None, zero. Of course, they got only teenagers. We have a teacher and teenagers listening to the show. You know, I was looking through these spring 99, because they just have to be sitting there. While I was lying there waiting for a leech in to get over and hope that they won, which they did. And I was looking through the spring 99 arbitron book. And for some reason, teenagers in that book, we had like a six, so a six or seven share. The rest of the station had none. And we had this big in the spring. But supposedly, these puncture and school. How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? And then in the show, just because they want to hear the word, that's a hassle a few times. That's right. Because they get a big smile on their post when he hears somebody say, so when so is an asshole, because it's the truth. And God only knows there are very many places in this country. For anybody can speak the truth in public. You have to like whisper it behind closed doors, because it's usually the quiet period. Well, guess what? The quiet period's over. Oh, don't find that stock. I'm sorry. So anyway, did I say, no, by that stock this now? Uh-huh. I just blurted right out. You didn't say which one? Beacley. I'm sorry. Look at that. The dollar's down 242 points. And of course, the good thing is beacley's on the Nasdaq. And the Nasdaq's up 53 points. Maybe Eric or somebody will fax this immediately. The latest to quote on BBGI on the beacley's stock. And we keep you updated right here. If you go to neorodges.com by the way, Eric does an excellent job. Keeping up today with our company's stock right there on our website. To make sure you can watch that little arrow going down and that watch that line. Drop it. I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that. So I want to get the hired hands here real upset about that stock. Now that the quiet period is seen my quiet period is long since been over. About the fact that these people won't provide us with a phone system that won't work. And if it's bill sounds problem, so they're finance and get a real phone company in here. And put a real phone system in. It's not rocket science. That's how you do business. Do these people know how you do business? No. They only know how you do monkey business. How's that golfer in my coming by the way? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Count five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, we must elect somebody on because how it is number one. But other is number two. Here's four mire's hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew. I'm sorry it took so long to call for four mire's. But my voice was messed up. I can still call. Yeah. 18 in the eighth. What is it? 13 in the eighth. 13 in eighth. Not too good. It sounds like it's going to sound a little bit. Go ahead sir. I'm sorry. I just wanted to let you know that I'm alive in four mire's. Yes. Just barely. Uh-huh. I sounds like it sounds like they're working you down over there. Yes, but I was able to call worse everybody. I don't know. They just the new thing now. They're not into calling anymore. I don't know. They're alive. I don't know. I'm a rough and camp otherwise you promised to. But it's called. Yeah, that's okay. How are you? Have a good day. You're not my, I hope you get to under their live. I'm all. Me too. Okay. Don't be going over to Tampa, baby. And especially, you'll be driving by that god damn man's weeness over there. Whatever the hell it is. Because they'll come and take your ass away. They're getting just as bad. See the one thing about Tampa that you could always depend on on you. Straight guys out there is that they're all these great strip pumps over in Tampa, right? Uh-huh. You bet. And now I guess taking a cue from over here maybe from Bobby Butterworth and Tallahassee or Kenjini and Broward for some other right wing redneck yahu. They decided, even the redneck over there can't go to strip clubs. Get a lap dance. Oh god forbid. God forbid because they got the lap police. The applause your police. The asshole police. That's America for you. If you want to have a good time, we got police to make sure you can't. If you want a gun, go right ahead. Or somebody's brains out. That's okay. Because it's like apple pie and Chevrolet. And a market is down 258 points. The dow. Drop on like a rock. We're going to have like a regular feature on the show. The beasley stock watch. What do you say 13 and 8? I think it's what George said. Uh-huh. 13 and 1 8. Not too good. Especially with an Aztec up about 50 points. 13 and 1 8. And you see, I'm going to take the blame for that. You see, you already drove it down a little bit this morning. Because you're making those cost at comments. I've been making cost at comments since before the day offering. I can't get my own guy named investments to go up. I talk it about it on the year. I'm going to get the beasley stock to go up or down. You people over there, you're looking for a scapegoat. That's what you're looking for. You know, they were famous because they used to run around looking for a bully goat. Now they're looking for a scapegoat. You go up to run away though because he said they smoked too bad. 26 past noon is 5.60 WQA. America loves to watch boobs and butts and boi too. And so when we saw Daddy's feet, mountain high school. A girl with a grandmother's grandfather's school is the three. She's like you're moving up to the feet. Grandma has started going to see them. Don't breathe her boy. She's looking at me the children with that me. Grandma has 34. A rock. When I'm got the bar, she needs to say, Daddy can't get up tonight. Mommy has the scissors, I need to be. I'll go first. He wants that to be key. It's mommy. It's lucky. And bring someone home. I'm pleased on the fly. I have to end the brothers. I'll see you never know this. And get my steady fly. Oh, rock. Go for anyone at 5.60 WQA. The dollar's down 259 points. There you go, Alan Greenspan. Here's all our money, okay? You're discussing, you with a big nose. Here's all our money. Just take it. Here you go. Let me just do this. Here's another 50. Here's another thousand. There you go. Piece of crap. Now you happy. You happy yet? No, no, no, no, they'll still go ahead and crack interest rates. I have another quarter of a put. And then another quarter of a put. They will be satisfied till we're all broke. And after work for these great robbers, tell them 120 years old because of this piece of crap. By the way, Jason, who sent me that fast before, about this so-called unification act, see, he actually comes through. Most people, they send you a song to dance like that. They don't give you any information. So we've facts as me, the name of the people, the medic and the young commerce, economic opportunity and telehassy and the set of committee on education, the name, the address is the phone number, the email is huge size and we'll put them on our website. We'll put them on theorages.com. We'll get these to airically to run in the afternoon or tomorrow they'll be on there. And then people are equally missed and pissed off. Can do something about it. Thanks a lot, Jason. 560, 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town lines, open 877, 785, 6345. Let's hear for that, Jason, can't. Oh, here's the lady in Margie, hello. Yeah. Yes, man. I hope I'm not one of those chronic choirs. But yesterday I had something I wanted to talk to you about, San Jose, this, it was a minor fender vendor. Yeah. Guy cut this woman off and she couldn't help but touch his, you know, the rear end of his heart. Touching her end of her end. Yeah, and he got ticked off, he got out of the car, came over to her car. Unfortunately, she had the window rolled down, he took out her dog and threw it in the road. Nice. Her 10-year-old dog. Oh, my, guy. Very nice. So there's a, there's a $40,000 reward for the truck driver, out in California. I truck driver. Yeah, he was truck driver. Trucker. Yeah. That broke my heart because I liked dogs. They ought to take that guy and stick his ass out in the room. I'm pretty well. It was a cute little dog too. Isn't it nice? Nice. Now, what do you have? I was listening to the news and they said, the school administrators were caught off guard to the in-day county. 573 school bus drivers didn't show up for work because they wanted to go protest, which is one Florida plan. So they left all these kids stranded. So another zombie's farce is took off and left the kids' way, because they might go protest the one, uh, one up a year. Yeah, so there's kids out there, one mother said her daughter was out there for an hour, waiting for the bus. That's 30% of the drivers. Yeah, but you know something to take a look at this. Look how much safer those kids were this morning. Oh. No, it's true. Have you ever watched the way that these school bus drivers down here drive? It's frightening. Terrifying. So you think they're safer, huh? Maybe that was a good thing then. Exactly. Maybe they got to play hokey. Maybe they're all listening today. I thought it was very sensible, but to say the least. To say the least. I say fire their ass right now. I just want to make note that it was, uh, it's going to be the southernmost and northernmost parts of the county that are affected the most. I've predicted the most by what? By these, uh, those kids being stranded. Yeah. I know sections. It was only only in date county. Yeah, they said date. Well, what's wrong with Broward? I guess they're not protested. We got plenty of dark school bus drivers in Broward. I mean, they're actually did their duty. Well, of course, you're right at state county. They're used to acting like that. Yeah, I can't believe it. Thanks for the good news. Okay, Neil. Have a great day. Bye. How do you like that? Whole bunch of school drivers, because they're all pissed off and taken off. She always wonder about people around these protests. Now, we did know about the yellow tooth, uh, uh, assholes that were down there sitting around at house. Till they put the fence up because it was no longer politically correct for them to be there. And so they had a protest a lot. By the way, how's that Morris Laces bitch doing, huh? They must have stuck up bicycle pump in her. Correct. Oh, she's ballooning up like, uh, Kelly Craig. Sorry, Kelly. We love you anyway. That's all. She's, she's nice. And she nice, Kelly Craig. She's okay. We love Kelly Craig. She's one of the very few friends we still have on TV. At least we used to have her as a friend. Till I said she was fat. Well, she had a baby. A lot of women have a baby and they balloon up. Okay, they get fat. And then they got to go on a scatkins or something like that. Who else have we got that we like? We used to have John Dootspeck. Since he retired, Channel 4 has him more with a crap. We got Bob Socker over there. He's our good buddy. A channel for Barbara Sloan. We had to end the guy mentioned Barbara the other day. We love Barbara. That's where you barber Sloan. We love you sweetheart. I mean, she was no cackling jackass like Angela Ray. And then a jet that in Mr. Led jerk. Terry Jackson, that right that part time TV column at the Hero of the yesterday. All of a sudden he forgets all about Oprah. Forgets the real reasons why Channel 4 and he says, well, Angela Ray this and Angela Ray's a high-ene. And she's a simple then. She's a certifiable person. She belongs in a straight jacket. There are times when she starts going off and I think, wait a minute, she's going to be doing like a female Howard Bill routine here. And he's seriously. She's off her rocker that bitch. Angela Ray. That's a bad thing. That's a bad thing. Man. No, she's scary. She even scared Brian Rorkross back to within two inches of the ground. Maybe one toa again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, I left out to the other weather for you. Bill come out. Good buddy of ours. And you good buddy of ours? No. How about Brian Andrews? How did, uh, whenever heard me more about his family. And that horrible accident in Mexico, that car crash went down in a bank or something like that. He's okay. He may, I mean, I assure he tried to molest the animal up, but he's he's okay. Huh? And it's on annoying way. Our colleague Brian Andrews, we wish him the best. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Is gone? 24 minutes. They hold on about it's too long. You're right. I wouldn't held on either. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. Let's try Miami on 7. I bet they're there. Hello. Hello, Neil. See, I knew it. Oh, no, I'm on hold. I'm here. I'm here to give stuff in bed. Really? I've been in the spows for two weeks. You don't know how much I love you guys. What happened to you? Oh, I like blew up. I lost my blue up. I like you. Blue up. It blew up. It exploded. Landmen. Yeah. That's because anyways, I was calling the late, you know. Yeah. I've been listening to you for, I don't know, 10, 2015. I don't even remember it. I'm doing both by so slow. I know. I have no idea anyway. Remember that time? I don't remember. The Hibber, you're not that old. Yeah, I'm not old, but I don't even have a reason to call. Yeah. I'm just bored off my ass. I don't blame you. And watch first of all, you're in Miami, even if you're like didn't blow up and you were a baby, you're still be bored. And I'm watching TV. And let me tell you, if it was a three or four hours in the day, I would have killed myself weeks ago. I believe you. Definitely. Well, what made your leg blow up? I mean, no, no, no, I had an injury. Oh, I see. Like a sports injury. Yes, something like that. Like at the bath house or something. It's like it would like it that bit. Like a sports injury. Like a sports ball at the Bishop's house. At the P.D. holes, whatever it is. Ah, anyway, they keep on firing. Oh, I'm not sure what's not a sports show. What is it? The evil empire. Oh, they turn back the tide on the evil empire. Yeah. Definitely, huh? OK, listen. No more detail. One more thing. They're animals anyway, so let it lose their souls. OK. Just take your hand off it. Maybe the swelling will go down. 560, 70560, palm 560 on the 18T wireless lines. Those pain killers in. I know. He's a good shape. He kind of made the same color that Greg Reed made this morning when he came in and said, oh, I love what he says that. It gives me goosebumps. I get all kinds of tingles in my mind. Right, though. Every time Greg says, eh, 21 before noon, before one, before whatever the hell it is, Eastern daylight time here at QAN. We got Hank Goldberg at two. We got Boogshobby at six. We got the pregame in the festivities. The path is a Washington that I had any interest. Oh, capital's biggest game of the year. 630 that pregame the game at 7 o'clock from the MCI center. Maybe even the Washington bullet will show off. They're not playing basketball. And the more sense they made him change their name. And then we got Eddie K. Robbs with GA after the Hockey game. That hammer, think Goldberg. That's Ross, you jack off freaking more. Oh, Chris, you're cool. H U. And I hope you die. I was so excited. I felt like I was getting a lap dance from Diane Lane. 26 right here. Orce radio, 560, 2AF. Donn and Mike, blow. Oh, Bill's a god in my neck. Donn proteins and you did horse. And then I can saw the sun, Seederbach means to her, naked, stars were posthantly to go in blind. That prison he was working hard, late nights in the ovary of it, working on a practice of joker. It took him like a noodle, put an explode in, loaded for my girl, was flowing, rings the snow. There's a garden, my neck of the giant, she let's out of here, every time he makes it way, girl, my neck is not the kind, you can do in the behind, Rectowns. All the same car and her vagina, she's all mine. All people feel that he's a reason, made a fool of my husband, feel that he's a reason, he was wronged. A family-looking bedroom, she was born and more in hell four was two in her, with pills all bone. There's a garden, my neck of the giant, her. She let's out of here, every figure siding makes it way, girl, my neck is not the kind, you can do in the behind, but us are all in her vagina, but. Yeah, It's not like, you go to T do too So $3.7560 WQAM boy that pole is smoking along we got $169 votes already. One radio show to you listen to in the morning how are the number 151 30% 30% of our audience listen to Howard in the morning. Which is that those surprises? No. And now what's Howard talking about retiring is Patrick in this spring and Howard's going to retire maybe from radio? What? Well you can be a shrug of the shoulders. These people are going to be pissed off. They like lesbian and den boobs, okay? And they like lesbian and den boobs. People can't see them on the radio. Well you've got a good live-in imagination and how about eating a carrot out of your record? Okay, so Howard's got 51. Other 44. We somewhere we missed a boat on this with other people were calling about the station that used to be she and that got mixed this whatever. Well, they don't have a morning show that you know. And like maybe magic that's not a show. Just music shows and here is pointless. What about the kiss? Rick and Sud 36. So other is 44. Rick and Sud 36. 21.3%. That's pretty goddamn good if you ask me. The worst team 23. 13.6% coming up a little bit. Just a little bit. Not too much. Paul and Ron. It's thought that I was stubborn. Don't play. Have you 11? That's six and a half percent. Why 100 of two and power 96 have got a pair. So there you go. 169 votes. So a hop aboard and you're running this dot com. That thing is smoking man. That's where the action is. Oh and what's making that? Speaking of where the action is. George came up with a sensational idea about doing like on the days when we have Marlon's baseball. Oh yeah, that was not a good idea. Well, I forget about the say for tomorrow. The one about doing the church of a. And Rick and in a bunch of bucks. I'm the internet. Sure, you can you can start your own religion. You can get a certificate which George is already done, but he's small potatoes. But in any way. So what we're going to do is hook up our computer in here. And continue broadcasting out of this studio. Like up until two o'clock or maybe beyond that on days when the Marlon's play. So like next Monday and Wednesday when the Marlon came comes on at 12.50. You can go to your computer if you're not already listening on the internet. And you can hop. And you can hop and hook it up and the will continue broadcasting only. It'll only be on the internet. So at that point we'll have to sense already language. And we can say whatever the F we want. And the colors could say whatever the F they wanted. Right. And we can also play on expregated versions of some of the comedy. But without all the. We've been crapping there. I'm getting excited just thinking about it. I'm getting almost firm thinking about it. How do you like that? So there's something we're working on. All right. I think that's a really good idea. In fact, if that works out good. We may just kiss this place goodbye and do the whole show on the internet. We'll get a real sales guy like Peter Leonard the cell of show. Oh, I'm sorry. It was a joke. 560 50 50 60 pound five 60 not the part about doing the thing on the internet about Peter Leonard. But joke. He's just a little too hyper for my taste out of town line is open 87 775 63 45. Here's temper pines. Hello. Hello. I'm a little bit more curious about the story. It's interesting. It seems like sometimes when you get angry that you're. You're a, or at least you sound like you're angry at times. You're, you're, you're, get funnier and funnier. And it, it works really good. There's a word that comes to mind. You know what that word is? Survival. That's right. You got to survive. So you got to laugh at it. There's no lack of stimulus obviously. That's for sure. Just wanted to mention to you that one reason that the down down some bad. Yes. That proctor and gamble. The down was down about 60 points. Just after the opening. Yeah, not in on 250. Yeah. The MP and G came on and lost 30.27 points. Wow. And what happened to he dropped the soap? What happened with that? What? What happened with proctor and gambling? Reported bad earnings? They reported that they're going to have four growth. Top line growth and bottom line growth throughout 2001. Why is that? People are stopping with that. They did this month ago and then they got involved in something else and people forgot about it. They gave a warning or earnings warning. Oh, oh. Anyway, I'm glad to hear also about the stadium. One thing that everybody on the radio doesn't take into account. What is that? It is the fact that with the $300 million project. Right. Every reverend every. Every legislator. Every aspirant. To be a legislator. Every aspirant. We'll have tons of dough. Right. I mean, the graph is so phenomenal. Right. It's not going to happen. Don't even don't lose one moment of sleep. There is no chance. I'm not losing. The chances are none and very much less than none. And your friend, Mitch, you called last week. He's really right about how a change is been. He can do a lot for your attitude. And you tell us every time you come back to the problem. This is coming back, as you say. Yeah, the coming back. The culture shocker coming back here. Even if you're going just for the weekend. But hanging there is just a bit more. A cervic today. And I think that your dreams may come true. Okay. All right. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six. The pound five, six. The only AT&T line. He talked about those. These again? Yeah. Grave robbers, scumbags, losers. Anything else? Out of town line is open. 87, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. See, I don't know that number. So if I have to keep looking at it, what's the chance that they know? Is there any chance at all? No. No. It's a bad number. Anybody out there ever get a bad number? Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Any else? Yes, sir. What about Bush and Greenspan and gasoline? You know, controls these Republicans. What does Greenspan have to do with Republicans? Well, don't you know why they're raising interest rates? When you think Volker did it to work harder. So Greenspan is a Republican now, is that what you're saying? He's manipulated by the Republicans. But if anybody bother Republican party, just like to guess, link prices, so they can ask. Then they're nothing more. How about the economy has been so great for the last eight years? The intellectual thinkers have Democrats in. Yeah. Republicans take the Democrats. So if that was the case, then why didn't he manipulate it so that the public opinion would have already turned against Clinton? That's what they try to impeach him. Okay. Okay. Woo. 560, 0560, pound 560. You know, something. I know New York has got a lot of people in there, but this still space. They're still room. You know what? You know what I'm talking about? There is still some room in New York. Out of town line is open. 877, 785, 63, 45, 87, 785, 63, 45, what's 150, 250 points? Okay. What's the big deal? Just because this asshole wants us all to lose all our money in our stock. He wants the value to go down. He's threatening. He's playing big, rich boss now, Alan Greenspan. What is big nose? And it was really ugly glasses. He wears and that bald head. How about he paints his bald spot? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you. Regarding this change over from sports shift from sports channel to Fox Network, you know how they didn't show the the Ranger game on set when set. When Saturday night against St. Louis. Yeah, because he was on the SPN2. Nobody has not everybody has the SPN2. I know that big did that one other time, is you too. I hate that. You know, sports channel used to do that. Who with us also? Yeah, they did that one time earlier this year. They loved the big game off. Right. So this is really bad. You know, and TCI that I carry over my house, like, you know, they they're already sucked to begin with. You know, we have two, whatever these games are shown in the SPN2 we can watch them. Yeah. Well, just like for you that message. Well, let me just give you two words, small dish. Okay. Okay. That's my answer for a small dish. You won't miss any of the games. Okay. You'll get MSG even if you don't want in your food, you'll get it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T lines. We're struggling along here against. We're trying to make it come back. We try to bring the audience back to life. I have to take a deeper end hail. Come on with me. Do the little Jane fight to work out. Pretend you in Hanoi. Pretend you at the Hanoi. Hilton with the John McCain. It's stupid Tuesday, baby. And the market is taking a big crap down 255. I wonder how that beeswey stock is doing. See, maybe if I mention enough, it'll keep it right at the forefront there in your mind. I'm going to be a little bit more busy one second and sell like the next day. And I wonder Joe Costello sold his yet. He's waiting till it gets to the 14. He's waiting. 1256 at 5.50 WQAM. Pretend you by six meetings you A-SAM. Don't you see me? Yeah, I'm not smiling. I'm not dancing. Hey, but heads. It's the one to two hours. That's sweet. I miss the craziest thing. I do the opus to learn to keep on it. If then I hit the street. It go check out my time. And what happened was, why are I running? There was a black guy standing on the door now. I said to him, I was out and your blood was going down. And look at me and the power's some kind of brains. And you won't believe what we're talking. Check the food, check the food. I'm not going to tell you how to do it. Like you did, you just don't see it. You just don't see it. You just don't see it. Like you did, you just don't see it. So how do you know how to do it? Like you did, you just don't see it. You just don't see it. He's very fond of fate for you. And he pulls out his gun. I said it. He's not. I'm getting learning. He's fond of you. I'm not. He's very fond of you. I said he's less than what I'll do. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. As I lay there, I'm not. I was dying. Someone called the parametica. I do it too. Then another dude said that you must set a company for. Do it. If I didn't say it, then we'll be dead. Then you. Jacobo. Jacobo. How how do you do it? Like you did, you just don't see it. Like you did, you just don't see it. You just don't see it. I don't see it. Like you did, you just don't see it. Jacobo. Jacobo. Jacobo. How do you do it? Like you did, you just don't see it. Jacobo. Jacobo. Go like to do. Jacobo. How do you do it? Like to do it. Jacobo. Jacobo. Jacobo. Jacobo. Where did I down to? 184. What? I was taking a precipitous drop today. It's bad, bad, bad. 102 at 5.60 WKOM. Here's a facts from our friend Scott and Boston. Who says what a great idea. He says I almost came in my pants when I heard you ride the about broadcasting on the internet only. I'm going to just have to call so I can say the effort on the air. There you go. Scott and Boston. I thought Scott and FU two sweet art. How do you like that? It is a great idea, George. Give all the credits, George. Give them money to me. I needed bad for my early retirement plan this week. Fine. So if anybody out there thinks that's a good idea, would like to hear us do like some stuff on the internet. Because we're already working. I'm going to buy the computer myself. I'm going to wait for these people. I'll wait till hell freezes over. When you want to get it done, do it yourself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T lunch. I mean, it's your beat to the Marlon games don't it? You bet for the overwhelming majority. Let's pick it up Marlon games. You know, I will begin my Marlon season tickets for you soon. From WCY and as parking passes for every home game. And since we didn't have like not all that many, but about 15% of the audience. They listen to the Marlon games. We must have some Marlon fans out there. A few minutes on it. A lot too many. If you. Just a hint. I'm not saying I'm going to give those tickets away on the air. Because there's like a whole season full 81 home games. But here's the mobile and four-later day. Hello. Uncle, man, I'll have to get you to take you in. And back to you. I want to tell you something. I took your advice about getting a little dish. Yeah. I am happy. I took my instrument directed up there on the roof. And I bet a small one. My foot's ever said. There you go. Boy, let me tell you. I stole my cable. I did a gentleman up there. I said, that's it. I'll take my life. Excellent. Anyway, hey, I cannot wait to hear you on the internet. Just like in compensate. Would I be the biggest throw in my life? I'm happy, great. On the air. Keep that in there. Happy Tuesday. Thanks. And there's a happy camera. He's all excited about actually doing a show. Which would be phenomenal. Because the FCC doesn't regulate. Thank God. At least now yet. Hopefully you never will. The language or whatever else to content on the internet. So we can go on there and really talk like adults like human beings. Instead of having like pose and posture for everybody with a hand over one ear. Because we don't want to offend the children. Because we sure don't want them to hear. What about Mike Smith used to play third base for the Philly's. Took all that crap. All that shit from the fans up there. Those brutal fellow. You're a fan. They suck. How many. How do you like to have a dime for every dollar for every name. His time. His name was mentioned on the radio and TV. Mike Schmidt. They said it over and over again. Here. Here. Come. Schmidt. What a play by Schmidt. You ask holes up there at the FCC. I can't wait for this opportunity. Just the idea that there will actually be people. Listening, which we can do sitting right here in this studio. Just like we are not with the same piece of crap phone. And actually do a little. I realize we can't compete with a Marlon's. Yeah. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Mobile and four-laterdale. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Here's our first witness. Take a look at the screen there. You just walked in. Look at line three. What color is it? It'd be black. It'd be black. Maybe that's because I just played jigaboo there. Seriously. Please don't let me try another line before you dump all these colors. Because now we got almost every line in the board. I'm finally in a really aware. Like maybe make it a little bit of a comeback here. You think? No. At least I'm diluting myself. There you go again. Lady mobile. I can't put around here because the line comes up black. And you would like me to go on a year. Greg Reed, did you win the water business? Would like me to go on a year and pretend that this is a real broadcasting company that your real broadcast is that you have got any kind of a clue. Here we are. We're like three quarters of the way through the show. Just when you think you've got things going and now George has got to hang up on everybody. Reboot to phone system over again and hope that this time it comes back. I said come back. Just when you least expect this. Just on a nowhere. Everything turns to. Schmidt like I said a minute ago. If it's like an endurance contest, that's what this place is. This isn't a broadcast place. It's not a radio station. It's an epic endurance contest. I can't wait till that first day on the internet. Man, you think you're here in stuff now. Just wait. You want to hear the good stuff. You want to hear somebody really unload what he feels inside about about your assholes like these. That's right. FNA, baby. FU and A. Oh, but we've been trying and it's on the way. Greg, you're a moron man. You're an ambassador. You're a simple man. You're an idiot. Stand there with a straight look on it. You're going to have to be the one who's going to put it in the post of his and try to try to defend this two and a half years without I mean if that's the business I'm in if supposedly doing a goddamn ponks you'll in a got my highest rated show and his guy damn studio here. The one thing I'm going to make God damn sure is I get a phone system in here that works. And if it's the system itself, I'm going to get that straight now. If it's the phone company, I'm going to stick my foot up there, I should give him a lawsuit to straighten them out. I'm going to do something besides walk around and building what the same stupid look on his face going. So, I'm going to do a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little time. Here's a lady mobile in four miles to call back back you. Hello. Hi, I'm glad I called back because I wanted to make a comment about the internet poll being the other category. Uh-huh. Could it down. I'm a babysitting that category. Maybe. Okay. I love it. I didn't have any category for dead people, though. No. No. That's a cabaret because there's probably a lot of them calling it. I'm talking about the Don Irish. Well, yeah, I understand that. I got a chance to call and tell you what I thought I got dumped the first time. So, I've been officially dumped on by Neil. I'm sorry about that. That's okay. Don't blame me. The beeslee is okay. We were listening to the greedy beeslee bastard station over here in Fort Myers. Well, you have our condolences. Thank you very much. Thanks for the hard. I'll order it onward. All right. Upward and inward. That's what they say at the beeslee. Let's go. Upward and inward. As far as you can stick it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know what you can do with that beeslee stock, don't you? Yeah, right. You can wipe your big fat pimple with it. Haven't accepted what it's 5, 60, WQM 5, 6, 7, and see here we are. It's like starting over again. They just don't get it. They pretend they don't get it. They don't want to get it. We want a phone system in here that works. Period. Not some of the time. Not part of the time. But all the guy at the end time. 95% of the time would be an acceptable value average for a phone system. You people at home who don't even do your business out of the house. But just have your regular money. If your phone wasn't working like 70, 80% of the time, would you put up with it? Would you tolerate it? No. Would you sit still for a little? No. And this is supposed to be our livelihood. And I'm supposed to go on a year and not to get to critical of the wild beeslee in his bogus stock offering of theirs. If they gave it to me for 50 cents a year, you know what I answer would be? No. Keep it. Eat it. Bite it. I'm going to check the one a QA in there. I've got two sets of licks. Eat it. Yes, it's very about the way. You can pick your broad face. It's a lot of what the type of thing. This is not the way. How it's sorted out, don't you? What's wrong with you? With the polo. Ain't nothing like a voice-ground move. With this, this is our way. Right, don't. This, this, this, this, this. Yes, everybody says it's great. Yes, this, this, this, this, this. Yes, this, this is our way. Let me follow. What's that? Why? What's that? Why, you? Why, how? What's the movie? The movie? What's the matter? Yeah. It's not a way. This is the latest thing. But get the milk back of me. Oh, that's a terrible ride to sleep. This is not a way. Wrong. It's up to people to sleep tonight. Who knows you may even find. You're the one that did not reside. This is not a way. Yes, this is this. This is this. Yep, from under the red tates. Yes, this, this, this. Where is this? This is not a way. Let's follow. Right, why? Right, why? Right, why? Right, you. Five, five. What? Why, what's the, what's the movie? Loved the tofu. All right, I want 15 at 5. 50 WCW. If you want to boring kind of a pounding, you can't Suggestions. How to kill some spare time. There's a good idea for you. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. Out of town line, these folks look like they're working again for the moment. Mark it down. H seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, nine. That's going to be the title of my book. Surviving the water beastly assuming, of course, that it happened. Here's the crawling, my Annie, hello. Yeah, I got. Yes, sir. I got the victim of that last phone. Sorry. I mean, I asked you a question. Does anybody monitor your ratings over the internet? How do you do that? I don't know. I mean, I'm just a question. I guarantee you it's just by what you're saying here. I mean, we're going to get around and you will, you will be huge. Yeah. You know, something, this is like opening, like we just cracked open the door because I've been doing my show since I've been working for this company, especially in a closet for the last three years. And now it's like cracking open the door a little bit and giving me an opportunity to like branch out to like living and breathing places. You can put them out of businessmen right there. And they will. Once you're gone out of that station, that whole station is going down the toilet. Exactly. And anyway, man, once you do this, you've done it all. And I'm definitely going to spread the word. And I hope you guys go to go, you know, pull through with it. Okay. Take care. Spread it fast. Yeah. Okay. 560560. He's spreading that baby. All right. Good. Maybe after we hear that last bit, it kind of inspired him. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got a couple of 20 or 30 open lines here for you, which looks really strange. It doesn't have that kind of strange that, yeah, looks really bizarre to me. Piccudier. Not that I'm paranoid about this phone. No. Not at all. I have full confidence in this instrument. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. And I've been getting double calls and stuff, but I finally got you. Well, thank you for persevering. Hey, I'm from Hamdra, McNichigan. Hamdra, McYes, sir. Here's a Polish gentleman. Hey, Bill. You got it. Right. How's Dick Pertn doing by the way? Fine. He's wife's in there too. She's doing some broadcasts. Just raised a lot of money for chair there. She, like, three quarters of a million dollars. Like, great guy. It's like he's the best. As the best is right. And Detroit. Listen. Yeah, try it. Listen. I'm the best thing. The best right got to me. Yeah. You know, doesn't that tissue off? I'm the guy that called and used to ask me, you like blacks. And I said no. Right. And you, the pause. I don't know whether or not that was an honest answer. Well, it is. You know, I don't like a lot of the talk. I'm not talking about porch monkeys. I thought that was doing a little bit too far. But well, that too. Whatever. Yeah, I'm just sick and tired of them. You know, I'm the one who said they got their hands out all the time. Yeah. Anyway, the bus strike. Here they are. Preventing kids from go to school. Going to school, right? Hmm. Did you read the article the other you must have? I bought the black family. The car went in the lake or something? No. In the two girls or a girl from that family. Ran to a phone. Call 911. Yeah. I know one down here. The 911 operator couldn't understand. Oh, yeah. I did. I did. See, that. And she read it. I saw it on TV. Yeah. Yeah. Couldn't understand. Right. She didn't know what she was saying. Right. And two brothers drowned. Right. And you know, they get this kind of thing. They kind of bite themselves in a butt. You know, this thing. I hope the legislator's going back down. And just get there. Everything too. Because you got to understand that it's a mood point. Because if they do do that, the other guy's going to get this affirmative action thing on a ballot anyway. And he's still my kid it on there. And the public is going to overwhelmingly say, oh, affirmative action. There's no chance. See, man. Let me take a quick story, Michigan. Yes, sir. Way back. They passed the law. The government said all schools, the funded by the federal government, has to get 10% black in here and Roman. You know what? They couldn't find 10% of them. So you know what they did? They just took anybody. There was black to meet. This criteria said by the federal government. I mean, you know, what happens with those people and some of the others that they push him because they're black? They flunk out. I'm very, very excited to stand up on it. You know, there was a guy that called, I'm trying to think of what you all was. I was listening to. And he was saying about, maybe it was when George was on when I was going to the airport on Friday. I thought, well, if we both on affirmative action, then, you know, people that are, maybe he called me. I guess I'm trying to forget it. And then, people are still prejudiced so that even if you're qualified, there's nothing to force them to hire you. Well, how that's never going to end. That's never going to end. I mean, how long do we keep doing that until we finally say, hey, guess what? You have to take your chances and compete with everybody else based on your ability of sediments all on a have a nice day, sir. And stay up to porch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. No more affirmative action. If you can qualify, you can compete. If you can come in here and do a better job, it's yours. Okay, here you go. It's handed over to you. Like general manager, which I'm sure you probably can. If you got an IQ larger than your thumbnail, you could be the general manager here. Especially if your wife got a lot of cash. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good day, sir. Good day. Hey, the center of the idea is unbelievable. You've blown my mind. I would listen to you sleeping for eight hours on the internet before I would listen to one playoff game for the Marlins. More or less an exhibition game. A variety of breaks. A exhibition Marlins. No one is listening. No one is there. No one cares. Right. But Neil Rogers on the air got damaged. Exactly. God damn it. See you. Thanks. So do we find out what do this guy? What was this point? You know, it was trying to make. Damn it. Yeah. I was just fumbling around for that. I was going to buy the way Rick and Sudden got naughty and shot there. We got still a lot of cross over there. You know something I, we blew it. I sure because the film comes out of nine. If you'll Henry Tape, nine to ten. Well, it's all part of the same thing. 36 out of 169, 21% are listening over there. So they still do have a number. I'm just saying that so that they don't want getting the shaft from that God damn backs having Peter Woldier who's just hovering over everybody's shoulder. Being the guy that messazzed that he is. The vulture waiting to chew on everybody else's God damn bone. Here's a mobile informe. Yes sir. Hey, did you think we win the Super Bowl next year? Ha ha ha. Oh, that was one of the beeswings again. Huh? Hey, I noticed your stock went down again. Losers. 877. 785. 6345. 877. 785. Neil. As in KN. Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon to you. Well, thank you. Top of the idea. Happy holidays before St. Patrick's day too. Well, it's happy they're marching together. And happy eight days before I did March day. Shemooka. Um, two things. First of all, um, this idea about going in that I'm never even had a computer. I don't know how to turn one on. But if you do this, I am going to go to school. I will learn how to reuse it. You don't have to go to school and learn to run a computer. Well, I think I'm getting in the, uh, Hey, listen, I'm about as inept as anybody when it comes to something like that. And I can do it with the just fine now with my road runner. So it's not in a big complicated. No, I can. Okay. Second of all, um, talking about your subject yesterday about, you know, you even here. I think that more, wait a minute. Wait a minute. My, my, my leaving the air. That was my subject yesterday. Well, prior years subject. No, no, wait a minute. All right. I think my daddy was constantly don't leave me. Yeah. And I don't know where that came from. All I did was I talked about Greg Reed having this in name, lunch with my lawyer and coming up with this cockamy need proposal of extending my contract. The year or two with the, the notion that swell. He'll do that if I, whether he let's build me a studio or tent and Toronto and one and Amsterdam and pioneer sky fantasy and all I did was say, There's no, there's no chance. I'm going to work for these great rock. I'll be lucky to survive when I got left on this contract. Much less extending it to you or two. I didn't say anything about leaving. And because these people are so insecure, Oh, gee, don't leave us. Who the hell's going anywhere? I need the money, baby. I'm not going anywhere. Right. Well, actually, I'm not going. I'm going to have to say that first of all, it's a job. Everybody needs a job, but right. It's more than just the melodious show. It's a form where people can get on an express reviews and a market that has nothing. Right. We're a fan can come on and say just about anything within certain guidelines to say what he thinks. Yeah. All these other radio stations, screen you. There's nobody that says, what do you think about this and let you talk? Right. And I don't have to say to her, big for calls every day. Honey, I like to have to back. And they're not going to be happy to be able to talk about any guy dancing out of the son of us. It's really boring. And say basically whatever they want unless is a four liter word, nearest client, it was a tech. And they say, oh, call. Isn't this what it's about being able to say three air waves? You got a guy that tells it like it is. Yeah, well, they're about to put you in the time. Not what it's politically correct, but all the time, even in these. Right. Shit. All right. Even if it means, man, okay, go wipe yourself off. Come out. Well, he just had a little. He's absent there. That's going to be our poll question. Maybe next month one day, would you rather be a zither or smithead? So you want to be great on the internet. We won't have to make up these silly little words and like children. We have to be hate like little infants because we don't want to upset the SEC. And they just assigned it. This is a bad word and little kids might hear it. And somebody said, tits on the air and bad. That's for you. Okay, FCC, up yours. You're a bunch of old, study, study, study, study, study, study, living in the goddamn stone. You got little kids going out, shooting each other. And full, which you're not doing a goddamn thing about. Because the NRA owns the whole goddamn government. But if we say a word on here, then the word police have to come after us and find us. Just to make sure we don't have to do it again. Well, once we get on the internet, you know what? That's my message to you. Okay. A big fat smelly oily. That's my message to the SEC. But you're not the word Nazi. That's what they are. You know what I'm saying? Word fascists. 26 after one to five, 60 WQ. By the way, our next office pull we're taking up is which is going to get here first. That computer that we're buying that I'm paying for by the way. That Eric is going to help us get wholesale. That computer or the phone system. You think it's going to be closed? No. If in touch. No. You did a lot of it. All right. Your eyes are as poor as old, right? The OWQA. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You can't stop. You can't stop. You can't stop. There's a lot of doors in the last minute. I can't stop. If I can. I want to do your good, you're the same. I want to do your best, you're the same. I hear that sort of road through Great White Way. I want more. I want more, starting. From the street vendors, who sell those potatoes they. Okay, you can move. All right. I like ours and ours. What for? One of the bars? I want all of you on. I want all of you on. Yeah. What pretty to it? Five sixty wqm. Wow. Wow. That was down. 337 points. I'm sorry for you. How do you like that? 335 points even right now. Then I still have 28 and a half. That will last a second. No. Sure. Doesn't look too promising for some stocks. Today, of course, it's only one day. You just sit tight and wait and wait and wait for Reinspand opened his mouth again and then press another precipitous drop. This is something like new and exciting the way he's doing. It's now he's threatening. He's like bullying everybody. You better certainly get that goddamn most prices done. Or I'm going to raise interest rates like 15%. Like now by myself. Five six. See instead of worrying about that crap, just get the price to gas down. Everybody will be just fine. Just drop a couple of nuclear weapons over there in the Middle East. Everything will be okay. I mean, we're just going to take over Venezuela. They got a lot of problems done. There they got a lot of oil. Let's just go in there and take it over. What do you say? How's this weekend? What? One rubble full of Marines? 567560. Maybe Ellie uncolived the charge. Two caracas. Or you know who else could go back to goodock. That's where he ain't here no more. 567560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless bus. Maybe you could take OJ down there with that machete. Clean that place out. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing a beautiful thing? Great. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know. Basically I'm listening to you on the internet right now. Yes sir. Doing it through WKM. Right. Sitting in Hollywood. I can't get you on anything. I tried all kinds of radios. You know Hollywood you can't pick us up on your radio? Not indoors. Huh. Oh my cards. What'd that be great on the internet? Well you don't have to worry about reception. Yeah. That's what I'm working on right now. I'm just listening through WKM. You know how that got started. It was actually a Miami-Cuban who started that. Right. And he started broadcast.com. And well thank God for him. Just got all these radio stations together on the internet. You can listen to anything. Nice going, Julio. And yeah, his last name is actually Cuban. And he sold it to Yahoo for about like $4 billion. Not bad. And moved to Dallas. And about the Dallas memory. Longest. I heard our friend Rodman over there. Right. It was a really American dream. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. See you. Okay. There's a guy who's listening on the internet right now. Hollywood because we got a crappy signal around a crappy A.M. radio station. But on the internet, the answer we're about signal. Don't. Don't worry about interference in the goddamn phone line. No. No. I think we just struck the mother load. If you ask me, I think, uh, yeah, I think we're out of here. 560, 505. Yes, sure. Why don't we give them all the goddamn profits? Like 70% of it. You know what I'm saying? Screw them. And then we'll just undercut the price. Whatever they sell the spot, we'll just undercut them. We'll do like Tom Green. We'll do undercutters. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the 18. Plus our sales people don't have to deal with like Peter Leonard and the fat boy. That's right. We'll get real sales people. Let's go towards. We'll get all Jews in there. We'll leave them on how to sell something. Here's a Westchester. Hello. Hey. Hi. Yes, sir. I'm a big fan of shit and listen for a long time. I like to be the first one on your polity vote for a Phil Henry. Okay. Because Rick and his son is okay, but usually I'm sleeping during that time. Right. And I just hadn't heard him on the polio. Are you sure? Go ahead. Yeah. I heard. I know that a lot of all of this colors are made up. But it's just too laughable. Whenever you know and the other colors don't. And they make forces themselves trying to, you know, trying to protect some sort of issue. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Fine. I think you missed it. Didn't you miss it? 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the 18. Are you wireless line? Let's take a call from Milwaukee. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know what? Sometimes on the internet you do get a little. Interference. It's a buffering or something. Yeah. But let me ask you. Has it ever sounded as bad as the A. I'm radio with a crackling and puking and the when it rains and say, you know, I don't know. Never. But I'll tell you will. You will be take off. You will be unbelievable. Popular on the internet. Be the biggest guy. Dan thinks into the $6 million man. I'll tell you that since you just open. You're developing a culture in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Really internet. My office thinks you're. You're great. And Jeffrey Damer was a big fan too, but I guess it's too late now. Yeah, he's gone now. Look, you know, nothing. I listen to Phil every night. Right. We had a home. I log in to him and do a work at home. I listen to Phil. Are you sure? Uh-huh. Yes, I am sure. See the thing is by doing the survey. I'm doing it. And see that Rick and Sud still have so many people. And of course, Phil is part of that morning thing. There's still a tremendous tie in the. Between. See the problem I have on this radio station is there no connection between the show and the rest of this radio station. I'm like an island. Yeah. Do I'm saying? I don't think you'd want to be included with the rest of the club. Exactly. And have a great day. Thanks, Neil. And don't drink too much beer. Well, not too. And say hi to O, Claire. Say out of clear. Oh, 560, 750, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line. You see, you have to recreate yourself. I've done it about 50 million times in this town. You just have to keep recreating because if you wait for like norma can't. Like, a book of Brian was just asking me, what kind of a moron it is? I got for a lawyer. And I said, are we a good one? A real good moron. So talk to me and I've syndicated everybody in America once you're show on her station. And how come this company that owns a stupid, funny that he talks station in Philadelphia, where I was almost hired two times on FN though, SWWDB. Can you imagine how big this show would be in Philadelphia? And in Boston, they just bought that makefully radio station up there. With living and breathing people that we have people listening on the internet up there in Boston. Like my good friend Scott Marcus who just came in his pants. How about that? See, so if you sit back anyway for them to do something for you, all they do is you, oh well, if you'll sign a contract that worked 20 more years for us, we'll get you a pup-tent in cottage country north at Toronto. And you've got there watching the maple leaves play. Yeah, I got a cottage for you, right into New York. Welcome, God. Who the hell are you, kid and Greg? You simple goose. He's a silly goose, what he is. Seriously, if you look up the term silly goose, you'll see his picture right next to it. Making sound like, yeah. Try it the silly goose. That's the sound of the silly goose makes part of it. Just like that. 22 before one is five, 60 WC. And now ordinarily, see now I'm getting prepared mentally to go home. But if we could stay on the three o'clock all the time, we could just use line nine. How many calls do you take a one time? Can you imagine how many people would want to call us say, on the year? On the year? On the year? On the year? On the year? On the year? On the year? Can you imagine how many things you wouldn't have to beg for calls? Then you have the whole world. You're making calls for Michigan and from Amsterdam and from East Suck a Tas New York all over the guy at the place. Instead of sitting here, wow, we got 42 lines open in date and 15 in Broward and six in Palm Beach in the Fondo work anyway. That's another thing. If the Fondo work, Fett. Screw it. We'll just get on there and we'll tell all kinds of things. We can bring Jeff Cohen in here. Want to hear some dirty stories? Want to hear some r- we'll bring Al Guelftin in here. Then we don't have to sit on the edge of my chair where my finger on a dump button here all the time. Feed him a few meals. 21 before 2 at 5. 60 WCW. See you Rogers, Scott. Have you been down on your knees? Train for a quick easy way to lose those unwanted pounds? Believe me. I know the feeling. Hi, I'm Monica Lewinsky for the Craig Jenny Diet. When you go on the Craig Jenny Diet, you'll find out you can open wide and still lose weight. It's easy. Just eat a sensible, high protein diet, rich in seafoods like tuna and blows fish. And unlike other diets, with Craig Jenny, you can swallow everything you eat. No more spitting up and gagging on your foods. With Craig Jenny, you're never hungry because you're always eating your favorite foods. With no guilt. Take it from me. So, Lewitt. Call Craig Jenny today and find out how you can lose weight and still fit into your favorite dress. Go to the Craig Jenny office near you today and tell them Monica told you to come. You're probably the one who tried a little carpentin that didn't go over the big. Now she's got that wind and outspitted out to you. 145 at 5. 60 WC, we got 264 votes already on our guide to our website on our pool today. This pool is taken off. Even Peter North ever saw a pool take off like this one. Did you? Court. Anyway, 260 votes. Howard's got 81. The question is what radio show deals in the morning? Howard, what they do on a 31% other 63. Well, you know, I cover so lot of ground. Like what would you say to them? I'd be one or two with I'mus. You think there's one or two? Uh-huh. Rick and Sud's 54. 20.7% of our audience listen to Rick and Spud and that one hour full day. I guess at a morning, how do you like that? The worst team pretty weak. 36.13.8%. You talk about a really marginal marginal turnover. 13.8%. Huh? Coming in even way behind utter. The worst, let's see, Ron and Paul, old Ron and young Paul, you've got 27%. Why 100 with 3 and power 96 with 3? 20 and 60 votes are ready. Very, very interesting. Fascinating. Sensational. Not bad. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line we've got a toll free line for you. We're going to turn the car. We're going to like reinvent our whole lives now. Thanks to George's brain storm for which he gets nothing. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, a little bit of the whatever we squeeze out of this thing. We'll squeeze some of that. And by the way, how about those keychain? Hey, look at those things going. We're going to come up with all kinds of graph now. Screw this place. We've already find out very clearly. This place is willing to do squat for us. Nothing. Everything is quid pro-cro. And the end of the thing that makes it even worse is what are they done so far? And they put the phone system in and they've given us a equipment and a state of the art studio. Oh, state of the art. Give me a break. You silly person you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. What is it? Say it for. Come on. Come on. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What timing? That was beautiful. Nice going. Thank you. Like I said, a phone system from the hell. And they're walking around. Little bit, little bit like that. Let me say it again. B, B, G, I. Rhymes with. Don't buy. Beesley broadcasting stock. You'd have to be a fool. You'd have to be an imbassil. To latch onto this goddamn sink and ship. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T line out of town line line nine. 877, 785, 63, 45. Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. I'm back to the B, B, G, I stock. You know why? Because I'm selling it short. Just let that thing just hang on down. Yeah. That's the way to do it. But you know, on your pole yesterday, first off on your pole yesterday, we talking about the Marlin thing. I've already guessed because the reason is I listened to five minutes that I followed sleep at night. There you go. So that's the reason I was going to read the answer. The answer was bogus. Well, you know, if you need to listen to five minutes. I mean, but on today's thing, I'm just even running more in the morning. So I know what that lady was talking to. There he is. Not on here. He's on in somewhere. Well, he's not on down here. They got a new guy on that thing on the other end of the dial. Yeah. So there's somebody. I was just an hour in the morning down here anymore. So I don't know what she's been going to be on somewhere. Down here. Is there any? No. When a dead man leaves the ear, how would you know the difference? That's probably why she can't tell. That's what I'm going to be sheet that to maybe. So, but just want to say, I'm going to be new. And I think those three votes for from Y100. Yeah. Or putting in the and the chicks with the X. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. 560, 560, pon 560 on the AT&T line. Whole bunch of open lines here. We still got 11 minutes to go. We're starting to feel a little bit you for it. Pretty excited here. We're like, see because that's where it's at. This this crackly old AM radio crap. This is this is from the Stone Age. Yeah. That's right. This would be like, you know, cooking dinner with a guy named Canna Stern. Oh, that's what this is the equivalent of. The the futures on the internet. That's where it's at. Let's like Chris Moore would say that. Jack has hot dog, hot for board. Or whatever he'll use to say, hot bun is. That's where it's at. Let's get with it and just say. You people. Okay. You do whatever you want. You be easily. You just good luck to you because you're cool. Hopeless. Here's a mobile in tamarack. Hello. Yeah. I know. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just quote. I didn't get the call. You're with sure not be in a verse. So first happy. I mean, we'll say. Um, gold dancers. And. Okay. Great. Yeah. Yes, sir. I think you'll enjoy this newest homeless organization scam. The, you know, those homeless people that they sell a newspaper on the corner try to beg a dollar from you. Well, how many of those are homeless people? No, they're not homeless people. No, they're not the one selling the newspaper. They're not homeless people. No, no, not the Miami house. One. The ones that they were trying to get the money. And then they had to take the plastic buckets and hand you a leaflet. I don't know who they are. Well, I mean, the way they're walking around now. They're seeing people with plastic buckets. And when I see a plastic bucket, I say, it, you know, they're walking around today now with the homeless Harold. It looks just like Miami, Harold. Yeah. Did you hear a two shirts for give them? Hmm. Instead of it saying hometown Harold, it says the homeless Harold. And around. Yeah. I want to see what the Harold is going to do. What does it say inside? What does it consist of? It's, it's say they would, they were trying to get money. They have like run ads where they're selling some of the good locations. Oh, and I'm not sure if they thought it's just things about helping homeless shelters and all that. But they tried to get money for free, but tempered pines told them they had to give something back for the money. Yeah. But they made up these little two page needlets. And now they're walking around, but the greatest thing I'm coming home from work. They see them on the corners with these orange shirts. And instead of it saying hometown Harold, they are orange. And it's like an orange is yellow. Yeah. And it says homeless Harold. How come the word for odd comes to mind immediately to me? That's the first thing I thought. Yeah. And these guys when they had trouble with them replied before. Yeah. It said, no, this is legitimate because it's old J.T. For these homeless people. We'll give them on the job training. And we're showing them what it's like to be put out the street for eight hours and to make money. I bet you I've actually read materials a lot better than the real hero. Okay. Thanks for the warning, sir. Just say no to the homeless hero. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line wide open here, baby. 877, 785, 6345. We're just hours away from the biggest game in the history of the goddamn path is maybe a odd thing. Tonight, Ed Washington, like life in death. Anybody on the station talking about it? Oh, the talk about Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny turned sideways. Yes, no, maybe upside down, Danny. It's a disease. If I hear one more goddamn freaking word about Danny, I'm going to like. Jesus, Jesus, Danny's God damn nice 500-hour suit. 8 minutes before 2 at 5.50, 2 AM. Ah, Jesus, are you fucking tearing me? Welcome to another physician of this life-lifeless portals. Dressed in nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Dre, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball? I don't know what I've been told with a big, leg of woman. I got no told. What's your take on over and under and under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told but a big, leg of woman. It got no no. And what's your take on those rumors lying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots? And they say you're getting close to assignment and contract. I don't know what I've been told but a big, leg of woman. They got no told. Tell us more about your charitable work for under-privileged children. And help them improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told but a big, leg of woman and got no told. Hmm, we'll be back with more inside lifeless portals. All right. Okay, what's up to you? We're almost out of time here today. Get ready for that pants again tonight. I already know. I didn't think so. Here's pepper pine. Hello. If you smell with the lock is cooking. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Hello. How are you? Okay. I know you're getting ready closed but I just want to say one thing. You are the best thing that ever happened to radio and one of these days I know I'm going to see you nationally syndicated. Is something like that? Yes, I am. Yeah. I hope that they come. I mean, is that something that is in your hands or somebody else to pick it up? It's a nobody's hands. I hope. It's just I am some day.